Chapter 1001 Fang Xing's Idol Burden


In the Palace of Mirrors' Songhai city, Fang Xing was being held captive in an underground research institute in some unknown location.

The strong containment magic array set up in the underground institute suppressed Fang Xing's spiritual energy and prevented him from acting freely; it was as if this underground institute had been specially built for him.

But Bai Youquan, who had brought him here, didn't treat him disdainfully at all. The room was decorated in Fang Xing's favorite European style and had massive French windows. Although it was underground, he could adjust the holographic view outside the windows according to his preference.

Fang Xing's dinner tonight was a kun steak, cut from the meatiest part of an ancient vicious kun's belly and well done, and blood wine brewed with the fresh blood of a qiongqi. The wine smelled strongly of strawberries, which was the mark of genuine qiongqi blood.

Although Fang Xing had never had food made from ancient vicious beasts, he had learned of them from ancient texts.

But these culinary delicacies did nothing to improve his mood; on the contrary, his expression turned increasingly heavy.

The strength of the person behind the scenes already far surpassed his imagination.

To turn vicious beasts already long extinct into food was astonishing to Fang Xing.

While he was pondering as he was held captive in a room inside the institute, a large, high-tech door slowly opened.

"What's the matter, Classmate Fang? You seem down? Your father was brought back to life in this world, you should be happy." With a smile, Bai Youquan clapped his hands.

A slim man with delicate and pretty features and white hair that fell to this waist was pushed forward by two black shadow men. He wore a white long gown, and scales glittered on his neck.

"Dad?" Fang Xing was emotional.

But the expression of the man in front of him was completely unruffled. He looked at Fang Xing as if he was a stranger.

"Your father's memories were altered after he was resurrected. He didn't even witness your birth. To him, you're just an egg - he has no impression of you at all. Even if he's been resurrected, you're nothing but a stranger to him." Bai Youquan laughed coldly and said telepathically, "But thanks to your father's research, we are at long last starting to see results in our own research. We're having a celebratory feast tonight, so I won't take your father away. You can use this time now for some father-and-son bonding."

After speaking, Bai Youquan straightaway took the black shadow men with him and left.

He was very confident in his arrangement.

Even if the two of them were related by blood, he wasn't worried at all.

How much could blood ties be worth?

Didn't his own dad Bai Zhe use him as a dumbbell when he was a kid...

...

For a long while, the room was utterly silent.

True Immortal She Pi found a place to sit, his posture dignified and his manner demure.

Fang Xing had never seen his father's real appearance before. What he had seen was mostly in historical texts, and practically all of them were portraits. Fang Xing never expected his father to actually be so good-looking, unlike some famous figures like Zhu Yuanzhang1, whose face was shaped like a shoehorn... The artist who had drawn his father's portrait back then must have belonged to the abstract school of art.

(First Ming dynasty emperor.) From his father's appearance, he was indeed a lot younger after being resurrected than Fang Xing had imagined; this was probably what his father had looked like when he was young.

"Dad..." Fang Xing called out tentatively.

Next to him, True Immortal She Pi looked alarmed. "Young man, don't randomly call anyone 'dad.'"

"..."

Fang Xing: "But you really are my father. Didn't you hear what that person just said..."

True Immortal She Pi blushed. "Don't try to trick me. I... I never married, how could I have a son?"

It was as Bai Youquan had said: True Immortal She Pi had practically no impression of Fang Xing after his memories were tampered with; he didn't even remember spitting out an egg.

"Do you truly remember nothing?" Fang Xing coaxed him patiently. "Back then, you gave birth to a male ball! That was me!"

"M- male ball..."

Actually, the male ball referred to the egg, but saying he gave birth to a male ball sounded a lot better.

Fang Xing just never thought that these words would make his father's expression change. "Young man, what kind of joke is that? I am a man - how can I possibly give birth to a child? There is no freak in the world who can do that! Are you mocking me? I may look like this, but I'm a man! In all the cultivation research I've done, there isn't a spell that can make a man bear children!"

"..." Fang Xing was silent.

He had no idea at all how to explain this.

This was because back when True Immortal She Pi had given birth to him, his father's body indeed hadn't gone through any sort of transformation. To be precise, it had been an instinctual response to propagate. The unique White Night Spell immortal technique which they cultivated had a particular ability, which was to automatically and magically back up cells when their lives were in danger.

Just before death, the White Night Spell would recombine the best cells that had been put aside, which would grow inside the body and finally form an egg; the truth was that this egg was a massive cell formed from non-stop cell reproduction in the body!

It was very obvious that True Immortal She Pi didn't remember anything about the White Night Spell, likely because his memories had been tampered with.

In his view, Fang Xing was a strange young man who randomly called other people "dad."

So young... what a pity that he was an oddball!

And thus, Fang Xing got a headache.

This was a situation that was hard to deal with.

First of all, tampering with memories didn't mean memory loss. Before True Immortal She Pi was resurrected, Bai Youquan had somehow completely erased that part of his memory. That was to say, he had been reborn without that particular memory, and retrieving it would be a lot more complicated than dealing with memory loss.

Fang Xing sighed and stared at True Immortal She Pi's face as all sorts of solutions flew through his mind. He couldn't use any spells since his magic was restricted, so he had to think of a tangible way to prove his relationship to True Immortal She Pi.

No choice...

Fang Xing realized that now was the time to drop his idol burden.

In front of True Immortal She Pi, he opened his mouth wide.

It was a snake's mouth!

It could open up to a 180-degree angle!

He had never shown anyone this ability before! But today, for his father's sake, he decided he would do whatever it took!..





Chapter 1002 A Father and Son's Tacit Understanding


After his memories were altered, True Immortal She Pi might have forgotten the White Night Spell, but the Snake Form which was the foundation it was built on definitely wasn't something that could be erased from his mind; this was the root of all the magic True Immortal She Pi had developed. If his memory of the Snake Form was tampered with, he would lose all of his fighting strength, and Bai Youquan definitely didn't want that to happen.

Fang Xing could open his mouth so wide because he had been cultivating the Snake Form since young.

"How can you do that..." True Immortal She Pi gazed at the young man in astonishment. The Snake Form was the root of all his magic, and logically speaking, no outsiders would know it - he had been planning to pass this magic art down to the next generation after he got married.

"Dad... I know you won't believe whatever I say now, but I think you will if we fight it out," said Fang Xing.

He had been born with the memory of the Snake Form, because True Immortal She Pi had passed on some memories of his magic to him during the cell reproduction in the final moments of his life. The Snake Form and the White Night Spell, which included Immortal Mode, were passed on in that moment when True Immortal She Pi spat out the egg.

It could be said that these were things Fang Xing had inherited in his bones, and no one else could copy them!

Also, it was the best proof of their relationship as father and son!

"There's an extremely strong restriction on your room, how can we fight?" True Immortal She Pi asked doubtfully.

"It's simple. Let's fight with words."

After thinking for a bit, Fang Xing looked at True Immortal She Pi with a solemn expression. "Dad, I'm going to make a move..."

True Immortal She Pi: "???"

Right after that, Fang Xing started to use his glib tongue. "The moment I say I'm going to make a move, I suddenly kick out at your lower abdomen with my left leg. This is the Divine Snake Swaying Tail, where my leg instantly becomes countless phantom images which you can't keep up with, like demon specters where you can't tell what is real or false."

So this was the battle of words...

Finally understanding Fang Xing's meaning, True Immortal She Pi instantly replied, "But you didn't expect that as you kicked out with your left leg, you would leave your right leg the most vulnerable. I swiftly circle around behind you with the Snake Shadow Step and wrap both my legs around your right leg. Not only do I evade your attack, you're restrained by my consummate body techniques! I stretch out my hands to grab your head."

Fang Xing: "Father's reaction and body techniques are indeed extraordinary and would intimidate anyone. But against someone who has cultivated the Snake Form since young, this sort of physical restraint is nothing at all. I raise my hands to grab and block yours, and I relax my body to shed my outer skin before instantly pulling away several body lengths from you. "

"Shed your skin... You can actually shed your skin!" This was unimaginable to True Immortal She Pi. The various combat skills of the young man in front of him were extraordinarily similar to his - they could almost be said to have been cast from the same mold.

At this point in their war of words, Fang Xing was confident that his father True Immortal She Pi was becoming convinced of his true identity.

True Immortal She Pi's memories had been altered and Bai Youquan had forced him to become a research lackey for their black shadow organization, but Fang Xing always believed that his father absolutely wouldn't roll over for them just like that.

This was a man who had mastered all kinds of core technology back then. While the black shadow army had tampered with the man's memories, Fang Xing believed that as long as his father wanted to, he would definitely be able to get his memories back.

After his resurrection, True Immortal She Pi was sure from memory that he didn't have a son. However, every aspect of Fang Xing's behavior was astonishingly similar to his.

Indeed, True Immortal She Pi started to doubt himself.

What was his name? Where had he come from? Where would he go after death? What was at the end of the universe?

Who killed him?

And who actually was he...

He fell silent at all these doubts and questions.

...

At the same time elsewhere, Wang Ling and his group had made a breakthrough in their investigation. Mother Juan led Wang Ling and the others to the school staff dormitory where she stayed. Mother Juan had a single room, so she was the only occupant.

When she took out a world map from a drawer, Wang Ming and Guo Ping traded looks and smiled after looking at it. "Miss Juan'er, we already have a map like yours. We used high-precise equipment to do a scan, so our map might be a lot more precise."

Mother Juan smiled enigmatically. "Then do you know about the Five Great Altars?"

Guo Ping was stumped by this question. "The Five Great Altars?"

"It's understandable if you didn't notice them. There are tons of barriers on the place, and unless you head over to see it with your own eyes, you'll never find it with any sort of scan. The intruders behind the scenes here aren't stupid," said Mother Juan.

"Then, Miss Juan'er, where did you get your map from?" Er Ha on the ground asked.

"Someone gave it to me when I was a small child. He predicted that it would be the key to saving two worlds, and in order to do so, the Five Great Altars must be seized first."

"Who was that person?"

"I don't know, but I'm certain that this person wasn't from this world. After his explanation, he disappeared like the light. He wore a gray cloak, and looked like he had stepped out of the ancient past. When we shook hands, I could even feel a piercing chill coming off him."

"Was he also a soul of the dead?" asked Wang Ming.

"Definitely not." Mother Juan shook her head. "Departed spirits don't have such clear awareness. It was as if he could see into the future, and he was the one who told me everything I know. Also... he actually told me the reason why the black shadow army was absorbing the dead from other worlds.

"The Palace of Mirrors was built based on the five elements. They engender one another and create a balance between Yin and Yang. The real world is Yang, while our world is Yin. Thus, there is no place more suitable than the Palace of Mirrors for absorbing souls of the dead. After the black shadow army came, they built the dream houses and controlled the altars which maintain the stability of the Palace of Mirrors. Their ultimate goal is to complete the Five Elements Transfer Soul Array and combine the Yin and Yang worlds into one.

"When that happens, Yin and Yang cannot be separated and the universe will fall into chaos. The fusion of both worlds can only lead to destruction. The dead here are like puppets, and have no desires or needs. Once both worlds merge together, this attitude will definitely affect even more people."

"What will happen?" Wang Ming's expression was grave.

"A great number of people will go on strike and the global economy will come to a standstill. Celebrities won't go on Twitter or Weibo because they won't be bothered about their hype. Live stream gamers will no longer care about winning or losing, and won't even be bothered to use cheats - they might simply quit live streaming altogether. Restaurants will shut down because no one is willing to cook, and people will have to live on snacks and frozen food. At that point, there might be a shortage of drinking water and fasting pills..."

Wang Ling's expression changed when he heard these words.

From what Mother Juan was saying, all the people of the world would be affected by the dead and become like salted fish if the two worlds merged together.

Once all the snacks and frozen food in the world were practically used up, no one would be willing to continue producing them! Then, what would happen to his crispy noodle snacks???

No way!

He definitely couldn't let that happen!.





Chapter 1003 The Legend of Moji


Backed by an unknown power, the sudden attack by the shadow army previously had caught not only Wang Ling but practically everyone off guard. The strangest thing for Wang Ling was that he hadn't felt any sense of foreboding before it happened - even his eyelid hadn't twitched.

Wang Ling vaguely felt that there was something unusual about it.

In any case, he had already planned to get to the bottom of the matter and couldn't afford to put it off any longer.

Borrowing Mother Juan's map, Wang Ming and Guo Ping divided the work between them and touched up their own map of the Palace of Mirrors before projecting it in the air as a holographic image. The Five Great Altars were located in five different positions on the map: connecting them together created a perfect circle.

Wang Ming examined the map carefully and began to mark it. It had to be said that Wang Ming was quite sharp. Looking at the marks, everyone's eyes instantly lit up.

"This is..."

"These are the locations of all the dream houses in the Palace of Mirrors. Connecting them as points, and combining them with the Five Great Altars on the outside... Don't you think this looks like an ancient magic array?" As he explained, Wang Ming started trying to connect the points together in different configurations.

"Mm... I got it." Guo Ping looked shaken. Connecting some of the dream houses together, he said decisively, "If the points here, here and here are connected, don't you think it looks very similar to the characters above the entrance to the Palace of Mirrors? While it doesn't completely explain everything, this indeed proves that Lao Gudong's guess is correct."

"What a crazy bunch..." Wang Ming tsked.

Such an outrageous and crazy idea of locking up the entire world in an array was ample proof of how powerful the person behind the scenes was.

The most direct thing they could do now was to take back the altars in the Palace of Mirrors that had been seized by the shadow army.

The world of the Palace of Mirrors was a complete opposite of the real world outside, but the Five Great Altars were unique to the Palace of Mirrors. In Wang Ling's world, the five elemental laws were abstract - they were like cell molecules that had broken down and dissolved into spiritual qi that could be drawn upon.

In the Palace of Mirrors, however, the five elemental laws were just the opposite: the existence of the Five Great Altars here had led to the condensation of the five elements into substantial matter.

Guided by Mother Juan, Wang Ling and the others set out on Er Ha, whose body had grown to a massive size, and it ran very fast.

Sitting on Er Ha, they started to learn more about this world from Mother Juan on the way.

Er Ha didn't dislike being used as a mount. On the contrary, it enjoyed the feeling of Little Master Ling sitting on it...

In the Wang family's small villa, just being stroked by its little master was usually already an extravagance. For Er Ha, to be used as a mount was a sign of its master's trust and an exceptional honor.

Er Ha carried Wang Ling and the others all the way south. Their current destination was the Altar of Water in the south.

During the journey, Er Ha did its best not to shake so that Wang Ling had a comfortable ride. The only fly in the ointment was that Wang Ling had yet to give it a matching saddle and reins, which would have made it look even cooler.

"I'll go back to the demon world later and have my friend Moji give me two chicken feathers. A seat made from Moji's feathers is soft and cosy, and free of static," Er Ha abruptly said as it ran.

Guo Ping hadn't known much about Er Ha at first.

But since he was now one of them, Wang Ming gave Guo Ping a rundown of events on their journey. Guo Ping was deeply shaken when he learned of Er Ha's real identity.

Who would have thought that the world-shaking Tuntian Ha demon king, who had caused all of Huaxiu's immortal mobile troops to be collectively dispatched six years ago, would actually decline to this extent...

"A grand demon king, actually reduced to a mount." Guo Ping sighed.

"That's wrong, Professor Guo, what 'reduced to a mount'? I'm perfectly happy to be a mount! There's a big difference between 'being reduced to' and 'being willing,' okay?! 'Being reduced to' is to degrade yourself, but 'being willing' isn't the same! 'Being willing' is an honor! Professor Guo should also feel honored to sit on my back. If it wasn't for Little Master Ling's sake, do you think you would be able to?"

"..." Guo Ping pursed his lips, and in the end realized he was unable to respond.

"So you're saying that Moji is also a demon king? Why haven't I heard you mention this before, after the last time you went back to the demon world?" Wang Ming asked.

"When I returned to the demon world back then, Moji actually helped me a lot in secret. But Moji has always been very timid and doesn't dare reveal itself so easily. Recently in particular, 'chicken, you're too beautiful' guichu videos 1 have started appearing in the real world, which Moji finds very humiliating. I heard that Moji's Chicken King clan almost went into hiding a while ago."

1(A viral meme referring to Cai Xukun.) "Is Moji male or female..."

"Male, but he doesn't have a crest."

"Why's that?"

"Early on, Moji was playing mahjong with some people... It was playing against First Generation Demon Saint, but Moji this fellow wasn't smart. First Generation Demon Saint just needed the chicken tile to win, but Moji stubbornly refused to throw it out. Later, First Generation Demon Saint grabbed its crest and cut it off, and because of this incident, also cracked down on gambling in the demon world. Forget 'a small wager pleases the soul, a large wager hurts the body'- a bet is still a bet: those who win want to continue winning, those who lose want to change their luck. There's no end to it."

"What a profound lesson..."

"That's not it!" Er Ha said. "After Moji was punished back then, a saying caught on in the demon world: don't bet on cards, or your crown will fall 2 ."

2(First part of a catchphrase which ultimately is meant to encourage people ..) Everyone: "..."

The truth was that Guo Ping had to admit that Wang Ling had a kind of magic that couldn't be clearly explained with words.

He had realized it after his first encounter with Wang Ling.

Wang Ling was very aloof and taciturn.

But there was something mystical about him which people wanted to get close to and understand.

Thinking this, Guo Ping darted a look at Wang Ling, who didn't seem the least bit nervous. Throughout the journey, while they were engaged in heated discussion on this side, Wang Ling acted as if it was nothing.

Was he really not nervous about what was happening, or did he have some trick up his sleeve?

Guo Ping didn't know.

But he was now even more curious about Wang Ling.





Chapter 1004 The Altar of Water and the Sea of Reeds


As Er Ha ran like crazy, Wang Ling and the others drew closer to the Altar of Water in the south. The set-up of the world of the Palace of Mirrors was in fact very simple, but the shadow army invaded and forced it to become more complicated.

As they drew near to the Altar of Water, Wang Ling and the others stopped and approached in secret.

Wresting control of the altar now would mean regaining sovereignty over the world. Once the operation of the five element altars was restored, this swarm of shadow army invaders would be forcefully sent back by the nomological laws in the Palace of Mirrors to their original world. The departed spirits wandering around in this world would in turn return to their original worlds and rest in peace.

As for the innocent killed by the shadow army, they would become inhabitants of the Palace of Mirrors. The nomological laws of the world would create new bodies for them, and then strip them of their memories of this world before sending them back to their original world.

The nomological laws of the world were an order unto themselves.

When the order was disrupted, the world fell into chaos.

When order was reasserted, everything would return to what it was.

In the real world, Gu Shunzhi's role was to maintain the order of the universe.

But the Palace of Mirrors was obviously something Gu Shunzhi couldn't predict.

This was an unusual world which existed in between the cracks.

And an extraordinary world would usually only open in extraordinary circumstances.

So here was a new question for Wang Ling.

If the key figure behind the shadow army invasion wasn't the master of this world, then who on earth was the real master who created the Palace of Mirrors?

Each altar had its own characteristic.

The altar wasn't simply an array: its structure was far more complex.

Each altar was composed of three key constituents.

One: A material object of a highly spiritual nature that aligned with the altar's attribute.

Take the Altar of Water for example: its material object was very likely a river or a lake.

Two: Offerings had the same attribute as what was used to build the altar.

The offerings were usually magic artifacts with tremendous, ancient power. These sort of magic artifacts were mostly antiques that had already lost their original effects, but could still be used as sacrificial tributes. Dharmaraja's Holy Thunder Pill, for example, was a holy relic passed down in the Thunder clan for generations, and which was perfect as an altar offering.

Finally, the third and most inhumane key element: the altar envoy, who guarded the altar.

Altar envoys were like sacrificial offerings themselves: they were people offered up to the altar, who resonated with the altar's attribute and were carefully selected.

After becoming the guardian envoy of the altar, they would receive the altar's power and become immortal. On the other hand, they would lose their freedom forever.

The altar was like a prison for the guardian envoys; each one was imprisoned inside, where no light shone...

In the ancient cultivation world, various types of elemental altars were usually used to protect cities. Ancient cultivators used the power of the altars to defend their kingdoms.

However, with the onset of modern cultivation culture, the altar became an inhumane and forbidden technique.

Hundreds of years before the modern era, there were cultivators who had looked into upgrading the altars. After the upgrade, an alternative for the third key constituent was found: an "artificial puppet." However, these soulless puppets were, in the end, non-living things, and couldn't exhibit even a tenth of the power of a living person. After the altars' power was drastically reduced, they naturally phased out.

Later, with the advent of modern cultivation, the sacrifice of living things was added to the list of forbidden techniques banned under the Cultivation Convention.

Wang Ling had heard Lao Gudong talk about this part of history in class before, but it wasn't a test point and was just a piece of additional trivia in the modern history of cultivation course.

Lao Gudong had vast experience far beyond what many people could imagine; he could be said to be erudite and well-informed, and could almost be described as omniscient. That particular lesson was still fresh in Wang Ling's memory, because he had been eating a crispy noodle snack on the sly in that class before Lao Gudong found and confiscated it!!!

As everyone expected, up ahead was a marsh surrounded by a sea of tall reeds, which made it hard to see and could completely swallow up an adult.

"There's a very strong aura." Stopping in front of the sea of reeds, Er Ha frowned deeply and involuntarily bristled. This was a natural manifestation of its perception as a beast, which indicated that there was hidden danger inside the reeds.

"This is the Altar of Water. I explored it once before, and I got stuck and almost couldn't get out of the sea of reeds." Mother Juan shivered as she said this.

"You weren't caught?" Er Ha was surprised.

"The shadow army have never done anything to the original inhabitants of this world; our status gives us immunity. I pretended that I lost my memory and entered this area by accident; when they found me, they brought me out," Mother Juan said.

Mother Juan's cooking skills were a little weaker in the Palace of Mirrors, but at the late Nascent Soul stage, her realm strength in fact wasn't low. However, it was still very dangerous to approach the altar.

Perhaps the reason why the shadow army hadn't silenced Mother Juan was because they knew that the original inhabitants of this world would gradually lose their sense of self.

"Don't panic. Let me and Lao Guo check it out first." As they hid behind a rock, Wang Ming held out his index finger, and the metal covering it slowly opened. Several mechanical flies flew out directly into the sea of reeds.

These were tiny reconnaissance drones in the shape of flies. Er Ha swallowed when it saw them.

It had been a very long time since it had eaten big meat flies... it really missed eating them.

While Guo Ping was analyzing the terrain from the scans the drones sent back, he and Wang Ming jolted at a sudden shrill sound from their headphones which made them dizzy and their ears ring.

"What's the matter?" Er Ha asked.

"The drones were intercepted... None of the twenty-nine flies made it..." Guo Ping checked the image from the last fly drone before it disappeared: a small, muddy hand broke the surface of the marsh and directly dragged the drone down into the marsh and engulfed it.

"It seems that passing through this sea of reeds won't be as easy as we thought." Looking at this scene, Er Ha shuddered.

It seemed that the sea of reeds was already under the enemy's complete control. This sort of wide-ranging magical ability was very tricky, as there was no way to immediately find the spellcaster, while the other party could instantly start monitoring your position. Once you were dragged into the marsh, you might not be able to break free with your own power.

The nature of a marsh was that the more you struggled, the deeper you sank.

"Let's go." At that moment, Wang Ling stood up.

He walked toward the sea of reeds.

Then, an incredible miracle happened.

As Wang Ling advanced, the marsh parted to create a path...

The Great Sea-Parting Spell... This was one of Wang Ling's passive Heavenly Dao.





Chapter 1005 Listen, Would A Human Say That?!


Elsewhere, with Book of Sage Immortal's participation, the Office of Strategic Deception's offense went more smoothly than expected. Lord Thunder had perfectly suppressed the two imposters with the Royal Scepter which Zhuo Yi had discovered in the birthday gift boxes, but their lips were sealed tight, and so far they had refused to say a single word.

"We have no other choice." Lord Thunder shook the scepter and furrowed his brow. "Someone, torture them!"

"Senior Immortal... are we really going to torture them... Isn't that a bit inhuman?"

At that moment, it was as if Judge Bao had possessed Lord Thunder. "Since these two imposters are so stubborn, we need to torture them! Someone, remove his purple and gold crown and strip him of the imperial robe 1 !"

1(An iconic line by Judge Bao.) "Senior Immortal, it seems our sect doesn't have a dragon head guillotine 2 ..."

2(Purportedly used by Judge Bao to punish those related to the emperor by cutting them at the waist.) "Who said we'd be using a dragon head guillotine?" Lord Thunder shook the scepter. "Someone! Put headphones on them and play Irascible Dharmaraja's song! Tie them up and place them in front of the screen, and replay that basketball video 3 ten thousand times!"

3(Referring to Cai Xukun's promo as an NBA ambassador.) "Too cruel..." Everyone couldn't help sighing.

... Listen, would a human say that?!

" Ai , who knows if these two will be able to take such torture."

In Wang Ling's bedroom at the Wang family's small villa, Zhuo Yi couldn't help sighing ruefully at the scene being played by Book of Sage Immortal. But things had already come to this point, and it wasn't possible for him to intercede on behalf of these two imposters; to sympathize with the enemy was to be cruel to yourself.

"According to my calculations, there's a 32% chance that the two imposters will surrender and confess under torture."

Book of Sage Immortal said, "However, there is also a 68% chance that the two will choose to surrender if Lao Gudong Jiao is involved."

"Senior Wang? Didn't they go back to their hometown?"

"Mr Wang did indeed go back, but not just to honor his ancestors." Book of Sage Immortal didn't say anything else after that.

But Zhuo Yi heard the implication in its words.

Although he didn't know why Father Wang had gone back, it was clear to him that it was for something momentous.

As expected, shifu's family wasn't ordinary.

...

As Book of Sage Immortal said, Father Wang had indeed returned to his hometown.

The Wang family's ancestral home was a sea village which actually wasn't far from Songhai city. As a village by the sea, it was the most abundant in seafood and sea salt oranges. There was an orange orchard at Old Man Wang's place, which he usually attended to himself. However, since his stay at the Wang family's small villa was a little longer this time, he had gotten someone else to watch the orchard.

For Old Man Wang, his retirement was quite cozy — his children all had their own jobs and were living well, and he had grandchildren. As an old man, he had practically no regrets.

The only one he had was that he had no partner to grow old with him.

Wang Ling's grandmother had died early, before Wang Ling was born, and he had only heard about his grandparents' love story from his dad. He didn't know whether there were parts of it that were exaggerated, but his grandparents' feelings were absolutely an example for young people.

Looking at what happened with Old Man Wang and Teacher Pan previously, Old Man Wang had been a Casanova when he was younger — he had dated countless girls, but in the end, he chose his most beloved person to spend his life with, and that was Wang Ling's grandmother.

Wang Ling had always been deeply curious about his grandma since young.

But there was a limit to how much he knew of her.

To not be too nosy about one's elders was the most basic courtesy that a junior could extend to them, so Wang Ling wouldn't deliberately search out information on his grandma.

Old Man Wang was a "lord" in the sea village — this didn't mean that he was a tyrant, but that he was popular and respected by the villagers. As a young man, he had once served as the sea village's keeper of records. This was a high-ranking position in the village, and Old Man Wang had been able to assume this position despite his low realm purely because of how popular he was.

And electing Old Man Wang indeed proved to be a smart decision.

During his time in office, the sea village opened a market in every city which showcased the various types of dishes which Old Man Wang developed using sea salt oranges. Taking advantage of its geographical location, the sea salt oranges which the village exported were very sweet and large, and were a hit in the cultivation farmer's markets.

So, how popular were the sea salt oranges exported by the sea village in those days?

All kinds of people who saw the sea village's orange sellers on any train platform would go so far as to risk being hit by the immortal sword express as they crossed the tracks to buy the oranges 4 ...

4(Refers to a well-known Chinese short story..) Even to this day, the sea salt oranges exported by the sea village still took up a large share of the market, making the sea village one of the ten most affluent villages in Huaxiu nation.

When Old Man Wang retired afterward, he dove wholeheartedly into the culinary arts, a field he had always been the most interested in since young, and continued to develop new dishes all these years.

Although he didn't have a partner to accompany him, he actually didn't feel lonely in the village. His neighbors Old Second Wu and Old Liang were his mahjong partners, and they would play mahjong together whenever they were free. Conversely, the reason why Old Man Wang decided to stay at the Wang family's small villa was because he was too popular.

If someone had to be blamed, it would be the old women who drooled over Old Man Wang for so long... They would come over every now and then to nag him about taking care of himself, which he found a little unbearable — the village had even once arranged a matchmaking meet exclusively for him.

Sheep stopped one hundred meters from the village entrance, and Father Wang and the others got off.

Until now, Father Wang was actually still skeptical about the matchmaking issue. "Dad, was it really as exaggerated as you say?"

"You've never experienced it, of course you wouldn't understand." Old Man Wang still felt some lingering fear whenever he thought of the matchmaking interviews which the village had arranged for him.

The point was that he couldn't lose his temper in front of the villagers!

They meant well. On top of that, he usually gave the impression of being an affable person in the village — how could he get angry? Furthermore, even if Old Man Wang lost his temper, it wouldn't seem like it, given his temperament; instead, it looked more like he was throwing a tantrum...

After hiding out at the Wang family's small villa for half a year this time, Old Man Wang felt sure that the matchmaking interviews which the village had arranged for him should have already been shelved, which was why he was only brave enough now to come back for a visit with Father and Mother Wang.

In the end, they had just gotten off a hundred meters from the village entrance —

Father and Mother Wang were just about to help Old Man Wang off, when a broadcast rang out in the village.

"Attention, comrades! Old Wang has returned to the village! He's one hundred meters outside the village entrance! Let us respectfully welcome Old Wang back!"

The voice resounded loudly throughout the sea village.

Old Man Wang was so frightened, he almost fell off the tricycle...





Chapter 1006 Really That Exaggerated?


Reality proved that Old Man Wang was indeed a popular figure in the village. As soon as he appeared at the entrance, his position was thoroughly exposed... This was largely because the sea village was rich enough to equip every main road with a surveillance camera, and the village was also part of the "Divine Eye Project"; generally speaking, remote villages wouldn't have this sort of status.

But as the wheel of modernization continued to turn, there would come a day when even the most remote villages would become well-off.

With Old Man Wang's return, the whole village seemed to become more lively.

Old women from every household came to the village entrance, each one beaming at Old Man Wang. Some of them had lost their spouses like Old Man Wang, while some had come to act as matchmakers... The most exaggerated were the old ladies who wanted to introduce their daughters to Old Man Wang...

"Yo, Uncle Old Wang has been gone for so long, but why do you look younger?" The very first person at the village entrance was an old woman called Wang Dongmei. Everyone in the village had the surname Wang, since the sea village was established in ancient times by a noble Wang clan. Although the clan had gradually declined, the sea village community persisted.

Nowadays, there were some villagers with different surnames, like the old man's two mahjong buddies Old Wu and Old Liang. They were outsiders who had settled here and got along well with the other villagers. However, the villagers were still mostly made up of Wangs.

Seeing how someone had been keeping watch for him from so far away before he even stepped foot into the village, and that the person was Wang Dongmei, Old Man Wang's spirits instantly deflated, and he couldn't even feel emotional about returning to his hometown. Right now, he felt like those young people who went on blind dates in the corners of the cultivation community parks... but the difference was that they were free to choose their own matches, while Old Man Wang's partner would be selected by someone else.

"Uncle Wang, you're already so old and your daughter-in-law lives so far away. If you have someone to take care of you, wouldn't that be reassuring for your son and daughter-in-law?" Wang Dongmei pulled on Old Man Wang's hand as she earnestly tried to persuade him. Father and Mother Wang could only stand on the side and smile diffidently. Based on seniority, they had to call her aunt; as juniors, they didn't dare act rashly in front of this old woman.

It was largely this Aunt Wang who arranged the matchmaking interviews for Old Man Wang, and she was just as enthusiastic with other people... She was like a central heating system: not only was she like a torch that never went out, she also lit up the lives of others.

"Aunt Wang, how about we chat inside?" Father Wang intervened gently as he did his best to prop up Old Man Wang. It was obvious that this Aunt Wang Dongmei was a huge psychological trauma for Old Man Wang when he had stayed in the village previously - he stumbled even at the mention of the matchmaking.

When everyone in the village found out that Old Man Wang was back, they poured out of their homes excitedly to line the street in welcome. It wasn't more than a kilometer from the village entrance to Old Man Wang's place, but hundreds of people had come over to stare, men and women, young and old...

"Uncle Wang is passing through, make way! Don't block his way!" Aunt Wang Dongmei cleared the way for them of her own enthusiastic accord. "Whose family's brat is this?! Hurry home and do your homework! Don't make things worse! Have you finished your summer homework?"

"I... I have!" a chubby kid among the crowd said weakly, a lollipop in his hand.

Aunt Wang Dongmei smiled as she looked at the kid. "Yo, so it's Tiger Wang's Fat Tiger! Our Fat Tiger is so well-behaved and has never been sloppy! Everyone, learn from him! I have to give him some reward!"

"Th- thank you, Aunt Wa-"

Fat Tiger flushed at the praise and was about to thank her for the reward when Aunt Wang went on to say, "Don't forget to come to my office later to receive a copy of Summer Vacation Life 1 as your reward."

1(A summer diary for children to fill in..) Fat Tiger was a little aggrieved. "But... but I've already finished it..."

Aunt Wang: "You'll learn new things when you review the old, understand? You should write more! Taking notes is always better than having a good memory!"

Then came the sound of Fat Tiger's crying in the crowd...

Seeing this, some of the villagers carried him off in a hurry.

Aunt Wang making a direct example of Fat Tiger scared some of the other brats watching, and they scattered in the wind to go hide at home.

Father Wang and Mother Wang: "..."

...

Old Man Wang's place had been turned into an office when he became an official, and it had been overhauled several times. Someone would sweep the yard every now and then when he was away. Opening the door after the place had been vacant for half a year, Father and Mother Wang could see the dust that had gathered inside.

Aunt Wang Dongmei frowned and directly threw out a Dao talisman to thoroughly clean up the entire place. The bubbles formed by the talisman dissolved in the air and swept away all the dust in the room, leaving behind only a faint and pleasant fragrance.

Father and Mother Wang helped the old man into a bamboo chair. As Aunt Wang Dongmei directed people to get rid of the onlookers, she didn't see herself as an outsider at all and straightaway made tea. "Uncle Wang, since you brought your son and daughter-in-law back this time, let's not beat around the bush."

Father and Mother Wang: "..."

Aunt Wang sipped her tea and smiled. "Uncle Wang, in perfectly completing my work for the better part of these six months, I also found a lot of matches for you. Some are young and some are old. The young ones might not have experienced or understand as much, and the older ones might look a little frail, but they're all good at doing things, especially when it comes to taking care of you. How about..."

"Aunt Wang..."

Father Wang coughed at that moment.

Aunt Wang: "Go ahead."

Father Wang: "Aunt Wang, it's like this: my dad and I came back this time to honor our ancestors, and to see my mom... Arranging for my dad to attend matchmaking interviews now wouldn't be very good, would it? Also, my dad isn't actually interested in this."

"How do you know Uncle Wang isn't?"

Aunt Wang was unhappy. "Uncle Wang is the backbone of our village! When Uncle Wang is around, the sea village thrives! As a junior, it's best that you watch what you say! We're all hoping that Uncle Wang will have another child!"

Father and Mother Wang: "..."

But after saying that, Aunt Wang did feel that she was coming on too strong, and she softened her tone. "I actually do understand Uncle Wang's feelings... But Aunt Wang is already gone, after all, and can't come back! Our hope is for Uncle Wang to walk out of the shadows as soon as possible. If he isn't interested, we can talk about it another time."

Considering that she was at someone else's place and it was now an important time for the Wang family as they honored their ancestors, it was indeed a bit inconsiderate to force Old Man Wang to attend matchmaking interviews now... An idea struck Wang Dongmei as she decided to try for the next best thing.

Old Man Wang's brow had remained furrowed the entire time as he gazed at Father Wang with an expression that pleaded for help.

Father and son were united in heart.

Father Wang already understood.

It wasn't often that he came back to the countryside.

He really had to figure out a way this time to resolve this issue of his dad's matchmaking interviews for good... Otherwise, his old man might not even have the heart to honor their ancestors.

It was just that in terms of fighting strength, this Aunt Wang was indeed formidable and hard to deal with...

What should he do?

He didn't have any book fans here to help him out...

Father Wang suddenly felt a little worried.





Chapter 1007 The True Desire to Live


Just like Father Wang said, Aunt Wang was a character who was hard to deal with. She probably backed down this time only because Father and Mother Wang were here, and they had come back to honor their ancestors. As soon as they left, Old Man Wang would probably continue to be bombarded by her matchmaking.

Of course, this was Aunt Wang's own wishful thinking... however, the root of this issue stemmed from the fact that most of the villagers depended on Old Man Wang. Back then, he single-handedly led the sea village out of poverty toward prosperity, and the villagers worshipped him like a big brother. It was because of this that the villagers believed in the importance of Old Man Wang as the pillar of the village.

But even a pillar would grow old one day.

Father Wang left the sea village to live in the city. Although he had used his earnings as an author to buy a suburban villa and settle down, this didn't give the villagers any sense of security... Actually, Father Wang felt that the villagers didn't have enough confidence in themselves.

Under Aunt Wang Dongmei's leadership, the sea village's growth hadn't stagnated at all in the last two years.

But Old Man Wang's existence was like a calming tonic which soothed the people.

"Aunt Wang, my father is quite tired after being on the road the whole day. Why don't we talk about this after the ancestral worship?" Father Wang knew that if she continued to hang around, his dad might not even be able to eat dinner; as someone wise in the ways of the world, Aunt Wang naturally recognized her cue to leave.

She took out a book from her chest pocket and placed it on the table with a smile. "Uncle Wang, I know you're not keen now, but that's fine! I'll leave this book here. Later, when you're interested, you can flip through it and have a look. If you see anyone you like, send me a photo and I'll immediately arrange for the lady to come to your place."

"You'll even bring her here?" Father Wang smiled.

Wang Dongmei: "Of course! Uncle Wang is so distinguished, we can't have him go over himself, right? Let me tell you, Uncle Wang is still young! It's just that he doesn't want to take youth-retaining pills. Actually, a lot of men take it nowadays, and I don't think it's a big deal! If Uncle Wang's appearance went back to what it was like when he was young, it would be an insta-kill for all the fresh meat out there! I'll leave this youth-retaining pill with you, Uncle Wang - I've kept it for you all this time!"

Father and Mother Wang: "..."

Aunt Wang's face was like a peach blossom as she spoke, and she started to blather on again before leaving. "Also, Uncle Wang, go through the photos in the book carefully. For some of the old ones, there are also photos of them when they were young. If you fancy their younger looks, I can also give them this youth-retaining pill!"

Father Wang and Mother Wang: "..."

After talking non-stop for five or six minutes, Aunt Wang finally left in high spirits.

Old Man Wang slumped down in his chair like Ge You; it was as if his life had already lost all meaning.

He sighed with extreme bitterness - as if he had watched the rotten ending of season eight of the Game of Thrones , he looked like he wanted to die.

"Tsk, Aunt Wang really knows how to use any opportunity."

Father Wang spoke mockingly, before he started flipping through that matchmaking book.

Father Wang's glasses slid down his nose at the range of photos inside.

"The heck... Aunt Wang's prep is so detailed..." Father Wang was stunned.

There were all kinds inside this matchmaking book! Even black girls...

"Agalia Mamatty, top graduate of Mixiu nation's Xia Fo Cultivation Academy, majored in spirit sword applied engineering and air flow technology, has a Michelin five-star chef certificate... even her BWH is included..." Father Wang stared blankly. This foreigner could be described as utterly invincible from this information alone... But Father Wang didn't understand - why would such an outstanding talent appear in this matchmaking book?

"Dad, what do you think these people want from you? The fact you're old? That you don't shower 1 ?"

1(A line which went viral from the Chinese drama "All Is Well," in which a rich old man called Su Daqiang trusts swindlers easily.) "???"

Old Man Wang: "That's Su Daqiang! I shower every day!"

Father Wang laughed. "I'm just joking, dad! I had a look, and the profiles aren't bad. You haven't lost any of your charm." At this point, Mother Wang also covered her mouth and laughed; both of them were well aware of how Old Man Wang had been known as a Casanova back in the day.

Old Man Wang: "Hey..."

"Dad, don't sigh."

Father Wang hurried over and gripped Old Man Wang's hand. "You are the pillar of Seigaku... Bah! the pillar of the sea village 2 !"

2(Two ways to look at this: In the manga series "Prince of Tennis," the name of the school Seigaku translates to "school of youth." At the same time, the character Kawamura Takashi, whose surname translates to "river village," often acts as the pillar of the tennis team..) Old Man Wang rolled his eyes and sat up straight. "What do you know..."

"Then what do you think about this, dad?" Mother Wang asked softly as she also sat down.

The old man's opinion was always the most important.

Although it did seem on the surface that Old Man Wang wasn't interested in finding a new partner, they couldn't rule out the slightest possibility that this was because of other factors; for example, that Old Man Wang might have his own concerns.

"Dad, if you really want to find a new partner, you don't need to worry about me. I had thought about looking for a stepmother to take care of you before, which would be good. To be honest, I'm worried sometimes about you living in this sea village. Ling Ling took pains to cure you of your dementia; who knows if it'll come back when you play mahjong with Uncle Wu and the rest - those two are pretty sly!" Father Wang whispered.

"Your mom was the reason for my dementia..." Old Man Wang rolled his eyes and poked Father Wang in the forehead. "You heartless thing. When your mother was alive, she treated you the best! You're still thinking of finding a stepmother..."

"Aiyo." Father Wang pretended to cry out in pain before he laughed. "Of course, I know how good my mom was to me. That's why I've never skipped out on honoring our ancestors every year. I also know how you feel about my mom... but the problem is that so many people are eyeing you now. If you really aren't interested, it's best to deal with this quickly so that they'll stop trying."

Old Man Wang's expression was melancholy. "Sometimes, we don't know how to cherish something until it's gone. Honestly speaking, when your mom was still around, she always ignored me, grumbled about me, and nagged me...

"When she's gone, my heart's empty.

"Her voice always echoes in my ears.

"I can't forget her, let alone let go...

"I did think of looking for a companion, but I always felt that your mom's soul is with me and hasn't left."

Father Wang felt tears welling up in his eyes.

But he didn't want the atmosphere to be too heavy, so he wiped his tears and forced a smile. "You're saying my mom's soul never left?"

Old Man Wang rolled his eyes again.

But this time.

" Pa! " The crisp sound of a slap suddenly rang out in the air.

The entire scene fell silent.

There was a handprint on the left side of Father Wang's face.

The sensation was familiar...

Father Wang was so frightened he broke out in a cold sweat on the spot. "Holy shit! Mom! You're really here! Mom, if you're here, please slap me again!"

Pa!

There was another handprint on the right side of his face.

And then... there was nothing.

Hugging each other, father and son trembled where they sat.

Mother Wang: "..."

Father Wang finally realized now why Old Man Wang had been so against the idea of finding a companion.

This... was a man's true desire to live...





Chapter 1008 Mother Wang's Second Pregnancy Plan!


Father and son held each other and trembled unconsciously for quite a while. Father Wang then weakly asked in a soft voice, "Mom? Mom... are you still there..."

After a long moment, there was still no reply.

His mother had stopped smacking him, but Father Wang unexpectedly felt a sense of loss.

"She probably left..." Old Man Wang gave a long sigh. "Your mother's spirit comes and goes as it pleases: sometimes it'll suddenly show up, and sometimes it'll suddenly disappear. Who knows where it goes..."

"Dad, how long has this been going on for?" Father Wang couldn't help asking.

"At the end of the seventh day after your mom passed away..."

"It's been almost twenty years..." Father Wang was astonished.

"That's right... Your mother has visited me from time to time in the last twenty years." Old Man Wang smiled wryly. "But she doesn't go anywhere else, and only haunts this house. Now do you know why I moved in with you? It wasn't just to avoid the matchmaking interviews arranged by your Aunt Wang..."

Father Wang's nose stung and he was close to tears. "Don't say anymore, dad, I understand how you feel..."

Being henpecked was a trait of the men in the Wang family...

Actually, in the Wang family's small villa, Father Wang was also pretty scared of Mother Wang...

The two men huddled together like two stalks of grass crying in a storm and bending pitifully in the wind.

Mother Wang: "Then... shall we get Ling Ling to check for us?"

"We can't do that... What ghost hunter would catch their own grandmother?"

"So what should we do now?"

"Since mom wants to stay here, then let her... besides, I'm sure she isn't some vengeful spirit or other." Father Wang said, "Those two slaps just now were pretty strong! Just like when I was being naughty back then. It hurts the most in the first second after the slap, and a red handprint is left on the cheek. It won't leave a scar, and will fade very quickly. The most important is how long the slap can last for: your cheek will feel like it's burning slightly, which can last up to forty-eight hours at the most."

Old Man Wang and Mother Wang: "..."

Father Wang said a little nostalgically, "No one in the world is better than mom at slapping." (At that moment, Father Wang didn't know that Wang Ling had already inherited from his grandmother that which had skipped a generation...)

After learning why Old Man Wang was afraid of the matchmaking interviews, Father Wang stopped asking questions about the matter that night.

Mainly because he didn't dare to...

God knew if his deceased mother was watching him from a corner. What if he opened a cupboard to find her squatting inside like Toshio in The Grudge ? How scary would that be?

Old Man Wang went to bed early that night. Weary from a long day of travel, and coupled with Aunt Wang harassing him about the matchmaking interviews, he was already overwhelmed. The sea village was peaceful enough at night and public security here was excellent: guards from the village committee patrolled the village every night. The crime rate was practically zero, and the number of criminal cases that had happened in the sea village in the last few decades could be counted on one hand...

Mother Wang got the bed ready and started to do her skincare. This was something she had grown fond of after becoming a housewife. When she was still a writer before, she hadn't paid much attention to her skin. Now that she was no longer writing and had bailed on her readers, she had more time to take care of herself.

Mother Wang squirted some skincare lotion onto her palm and spread it evenly before gently patting her face. "What do you think we should do about dad's matter?"

"What else can we do? We can probably forget about the matchmaking. With mom coming by now and then, dad will definitely spend his last years single." Father Wang smiled bitterly as he scrolled distractedly through the news on his phone. He was glad that he had finished a stockpile of chapters before coming back here; with all these pesky things cropping up in his hometown, he really wouldn't have been able to type even a single word.

After taking a look at local news, Father Wang put the phone down absent-mindedly.

He thought hard about Old Man Wang's matter: the main problem now was figuring out how to deal with this once and for all. After putting an end to the matchmaking for his dad, Father Wang as his son still had to think of a way to make Aunt Wang herself give up on the idea of matchmaking for Old Man Wang.

"Hey... should we..." Just then, Mother Wang picked up a banana from the table and peeled it.

Father Wang was frightened by Mother Wang's behavior. "We shouldn't... Aunt Wang might be a little nosy, but we can't kill her. Skinning her or whatnot would be too cruel!"

Mother Wang's face was a little red. "What are you thinking... You know exactly what I mean..."

Father Wang: "You want to..."

Mother Wang: "Ling Ling is all grown up now and can take care of himself. How about... we have another child..."

Father Wang shook his head. "No! Absolutely not!"

Father Wang really was a little scared.

They had one child, and Earth was almost destroyed...

If they had a second one, wouldn't the universe explode...

"You did say before that Ling Ling's inability to control himself has a lot to do with his emotions. He's always been too tense; if we can give him a brother or a sister, he might be a little more carefree in the future. Wouldn't that be good?"

Mother Wang smiled, and her expression gradually turned cold as she gazed at Father Wang. "Or are you saying... you don't want to have a baby with me? You want to have a baby with someone else?"

Father Wang raised his hands ┗( ́?∧?`)┛ . "Your Majesty, you got me wrong..."

He did want... but he didn't dare!

"Then that's fine."

Mother Wang chuckled. "If I do get pregnant, Aunt Wang's attention will most likely be diverted; she just wants us to have more people in our Wang family."

Father Wang smiled. "What are you thinking... It's not that easy to get pregnant... Ling Ling wasn't conceived right off the bat back then!"

"If once isn't enough, we just need to try a few more times."

"..."

"Why are you spacing out? Why don't you get to work?"

"You want to do it tonight... ?? Dad is resting, and the soundproofing here isn't great!" Father Wang was taken aback.

"If we're looking for excitement, we should go all the way."

"You're so frisky..."

...

At the same time, at the Altar of Water in the Palace of Mirrors, Wang Ling, who was approaching the altar, suddenly shuddered.

An odd and indescribable feeling welled up in his heart.

He looked up at the sky as if he was pondering something.

"What's wrong?" Wang Ming looked at Wang Ling.

Wang Ling asked quietly, "What is it like to be a brother?"





Chapter 1009 Help From All Quarters


"The five element altars... you have to shut down the five element altars if you want to stop us." Inside the barrier around the Office of Strategic Deception, the two imposters had already confessed. Their skins were torn and pulpy all over after their bodies broke down from watching guichu videos and listening to electronic music. They were puppets at the core, and were like glutinous rice wrapped in leaves after cloning.

However, under a powerful attack from two major "weapons of physics," their leaves had fallen apart.

"Please, don't do this!" The imposters begged for mercy. They were stripped of their false appearances to reveal their inner cores, which were composed of a crystal-like substance which none of the people present had seen before.

"Who are you to tell us what to do?" Lord Thunder stared at the imposters in front of him, the Royal Scepter in his hand.

"This should be something from the Palace of Mirrors; my guess is that it's some sort of compound substance." Luo Chuang crouched down to touch the crystal, and one of the imposters rolled around on the ground in pain. "To be able to create this sort of substance, this person is truly a genius."

Luo Chuang's admiration was sincere.

As a renowned expert in research on magic treasures, Luo Chuang had previously been officially invited by President Qi to study the human replica magic treasure Head of State 001, and he thus knew a thing or two about human cloning and bionics.

Finding a compound substance in the cultivation world suitable for making man-shaped puppets had always been a critical scientific research issue. The structure of the human body was very complicated, and even if lotus root or spirit clay was used to create prosthetics, these had a shelf life and wouldn't last in the long term. In addition, these prosthetics were relatively fragile; cultivators who switched to them were as good as giving up on body techniques, and couldn't fight as freely as other cultivators.

"What are the five element altars?" Lord Thunder asked again.

"They're part of a magic array which maintains the stability of the Palace of Mirrors, but which are currently under our control. Once the Five Elements Transformation Spell is activated, the Palace of Mirrors will merge with the real world: the two main worlds will become one, inseparable from each other." The imposters told them everything.

"Looks like we've really run into trouble this time."

Lord Thunder frowned deeply, the Royal Scepter in his hand.

They then obtained a map of the Palace of Mirrors from these imposters. The five altars were located in five different positions.

"To activate the Five Elements Transformation Spell, it looks like the Five Elements Array has to be shut down at the same time - but shifu should be able to do it, right?" In Wang Ling's bedroom, Zhuo Yi was also observing the situation at the Office of Strategic Deception via Book of Sage Immortal's screen.

"Perhaps not." Book of Sage Immortal seemed concerned. "If this was a normal Five Elements Array, my lord's strength would naturally be more than enough. However, this Five Elements Array holds an entire world together - intruding on an array consumes a great deal of my lord's spiritual energy. With his strength sealed, shutting down the five array points simultaneously will indeed be difficult. But if the seal is removed and his spiritual energy bursts out, the Palace of Mirrors and Earth might be instantly destroyed."

"No way..." Zhuo Yi couldn't believe it.

...

Meanwhile, in the Palace of Mirrors, Wang Ling had also realized this problem.

The black shadow army guarding the altars actually wasn't hard to handle - the real difficulty was that he had to shut down all five altars at the same time. Counting in Mother Juan, Er Ha, Wang Ming and Guo Ping, they had four people and one dog, which was just nice. The problem, however, was that except for him, the other four combined weren't strong enough to shut down even one altar.

Wang Ling had to admit that this was his first time feeling torn.

He thought he could fix everything with his own strength.

What should he do?

Undo the seal on his power?

As long as he undid the talisman seal on his power and used the Great Cloning Spell to send clones to the five altars, it would be no problem at all for him to shut down the five altars with his spiritual energy at its peak.

But the issue was whether he could truly control his spiritual energy output...

If it went berserk -

The consequences would be unimaginable.

Wang Ling sunk into silence for a long moment in front of the Altar of Water.

He was wondering whether to undo the seal.

In that moment, facing an unprecedented dilemma, Wang Ling felt deeply unsure.

Was he thinking too highly of himself?

It turned out that there actually were things he could feel helpless about...

Wang Ling gazed at the Water Altar nearby, and his eyelids dropped slightly.

A cool breeze whooshed through the ocean of reeds next to him, and it was as if the entire world fell silent.

"Enemy attack! Enemy attack!" Up ahead, some of the black shadow soldiers guarding the Altar of Water noticed Wang Ling and the others and rushed to surround them.

Guo Ping and Wang Ming immediately entered battle mode as several cannon muzzles appeared on their armor as they aimed at the black shadow army.

"Why did Student Wang suddenly stop moving?" Guo Ping was baffled by Wang Ling's sudden hesitation.

"Who knows. He's sensitive sometimes." This was also a huge headache for Wang Ming. He thought he knew Wang Ling well, but the truth was that even after hanging around Wang Ling for so long, there were times when even Wang Ming felt that Wang Ling was like a stranger. Perhaps, his little brother had never truly opened his heart to anyone.

"Insolent hooligans, you dare invade the Altar of Water?" At that moment, a figure emerged from the marsh up ahead. This was the guardian envoy of the Altar of Water, Yin Jiuquan, who was also a member of the black shadow army.

The original guardian had been killed when the black shadow army seized this place.

Marked with Fate Dao runes all over his body, Yin Jiuquan glowed with tremendous power. "You bunch of hooligans, you have no chance of winning. You'll need to use all your strength to deal with me! You can't stop Master's plan to merge the worlds. As long as one of the five altars is in operation, the others can be instantly restored even after they're destroyed. The probability of shutting down the five altars at the same time is zero!"

As he spoke, he got ready to attack Wang Ling.

But as he was about to activate the Fate Dao runes, there were several massive waves of energy in the air, and several golden passageways opened!

This was Lord Ma's transmission ability!

The sound of many voices then came out of the space tunnels. "Brother Ling, to stop the black shadow army, you have to shut down the Five Great Altars at the same time! All our Office of Strategic Deception's personnel are coming to help!"

Then came Gu Shunzhi's voice. "Ling Zhenren, I, Gu Shunzhi, bring aid from the ten major clans of the Domain of the Gods!" He stepped out of the space tunnel, and was followed by none other than Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi.

"Ling Zhenren, on Demon Saint's command, I, Shen Wuyue, bring battle aid from the four territories!"

As soon as Shen Wuyue finished speaking -

A pure and holy light appeared in the sky, and a Winged God slowly descended from the clouds.

The god's voice resounded in the vast sky. "Ling Zhenren, on Lord Thousand-Winged God's command, I have come to aid you..."





Chapter 1010 Not Alone


With experts arriving from all over to help, it was a magnificent scene.

Wang Ling was touched. Next to him, Wang Ming, Er Ha, Guo Ping and the Palace of Mirrors' Mother Juan were all stunned. They couldn't help but look at the numerous golden space tunnels in the sky, which seemed to swirl with the timeless and mighty auras of numerous experts.

Various experts had come right away from their respective domains, as if they were on a mission.

Their auras overlapped: the fearsome primordial qi released by the cultivators from the supreme holy land, Nine-fold Star Domain of the Gods; the spiritual energy of Wang Ling's bunch of like-minded friends from Earth; the demon qi of the demon world; the divine aura of the divine realm... in that moment, they all converged.

In that moment, Wang Ling finally realized that he truly wasn't fighting alone.

Although Demon Saint hadn't come in person, he provided long-range support; the will of the demon world that was upon Shen Wuyue was the best proof of this. He carried the will of Demon Saint with him, and the antlers on his head exuded the qi of the bloodline of an ancient divine beast. His blood aura alone was enough to frighten the black shadow army into halting their advance, as the soldiers didn't dare press forward rashly.

And when the Hundred-Winged God from the divine realm arrived, the sky was filled with a pure and holy radiance as countless pure white feathers drifted down. Instantly, it seemed to instantly dispel the gloom.

A god's might was indeed boundless.

Although only one Hundred-Winged God had been sent over, it was more than enough for dealing with the current situation.

A Hundred-Winged God was the result of a combination of a hundred Winged Gods.

"Forgive us, Ling Zhenren, we have to preserve the balance of power. If Lord Thousand-Winged God descended, I'm afraid the world might be destroyed..." After landing, the Hundred-Winged God volunteered the reason of his own accord. After all, the person they were helping out was Wang Ling; the divine realm should treat him with the highest courtesy.

Wang Ling: "Mm..."

"Lord Thunder, the demon world, Divine Dao Star and the divine realm have always been in Ling Zhenren's care. We shouldn't let him take on everything on his own this time, given how unusual the enemy is. As the keeper of order, I'll organize everything! Everyone, please assist Ling Zhenren and me: now, split up and head for the other altars. Drive out the intruders in this world!"

Gu Shunzhi spoke from one of the golden space tunnels in the sky; his voice wasn't loud, but it seemed to reach every corner of the Palace of Mirrors.

The moment Gu Shunzhi said the words, Yin Jiuquan, who was covered all over in Fate Dao runes, flew into a rage. He had been ordered to guard the Altar of Water on pain of death, and to not allow it to be destroyed before the master plan was completed.

The instant the Fate Dao runes exploded with light, countless streams of foul aura suddenly burst from the marsh and lunged at the people in the sky.

This was the power of the Palace of Mirrors' Altar of Water, which was tinged with decay. Once a chain touched a person, it would wrap around the body tightly. The more strength a person used, the heavier the foul chain would become, before finally dragging them into the marsh.

"You think too highly of yourself." Lord Thunder shook his head. He was still holding the Royal Scepter which Zhuo Yi had taken out of a gift box. Lord Thunder waved the scepter lightly, and countless foul chains instantly changed direction in the air and abruptly pierced the ground instead.

The Royal Scepter's "one hundred percent kneel" power was indeed extremely useful; it didn't affect just people but also things - it even had a similar effect on spells.

Yin Jiuquan was also affected by the scepter as he dropped to his knees on the ground, pinned down by a tremendous force and completely immobile.

However, Lord Thunder could feel how much effort it took to do so, as if he was armwrestling with someone. Gripping the scepter, it felt like the other party could throw off his control at any time.

"As expected, the Fate Dao runes are powerful." Lord Thunder was still a little fearful. Fortunately, the Fate Dao runes on the two imposters hadn't been as strong, otherwise he might not have been able to suppress them even with the Royal Scepter.

"Brother Ling, I'm leaving things here to you! I'm off to the Altar of Fire!" After an initial show of strength against Yin Jiuquan, Lord Thunder took everyone from the Office of Strategic Deception with him as they turned into golden streams of light that flew in the direction of the Altar of Fire.

"Ling Zhenren, I will lead the demons to the Altar of Metal!" Shen Wuyue bowed to Wang Ling before disappearing with his people.

Gu Shunzhi: "We will have to trouble Ling Zhenren to handle things here! I'll head for the Altar of Wood!"

"Ling Zhenren, I will go to the Altar of Earth..."

Spreading his wings, the Hundred-Winged God vanished in a glow of white, holy light.

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ling never expected the fight to instantly turn on its head in the final moment; once again, he had won without trying.

Under the Royal Scepter's immense suppression, Yin Jiuquan knelt with his forehead touching the ground, and didn't dare move an inch.

As Wang Ling and the others walked over, they smelled a foul odor on him.

"He stinks... is it because of the marsh?" Wang Ming frowned, and when he drew nearer for a look, he realized that Yin Jiuquan was covered in long hair...

Jabbed in his sore spot, Yin Jiuquan immediately cried bitter tears. "I haven't bathed for a very, very long time."

He had received formidable power as the altar envoy but was unable to leave the altar at all; the worst thing about it was that he could only eat, drink and shit inside the altar.

Wang Ming and Guo Ping scanned the Altar of Water again before asking, "Is there anyone else? Why doesn't there seem to be anyone here?"

"Everyone else is kneeling inside..." Yin Jiuquan answered honestly, "Some of them couldn't take my stench, and passed out."

Wang Ling, Er Ha, Wang Ming and Guo Ping: "..."

Looking at the sorry state that the Altar of Water envoy was in, the other envoys were probably in the same situation.

Wang Ling then found the eye of the array of the Altar of Water, which showed clear signs of being tampered with. Raising his hand, Wang Ling used the Great Revocation Spell to restore the array to its original state. The other altars were sure to have also been modified, but since everyone who had been dispatched were supreme experts, Wang Ling didn't think it would be a problem for them.

"It's all over, just like that?" Wang Ling was still a little doubtful.

Everything was proceeding a little too well.

With the Five Great Alters shut down, the black shadow army's plan was a failure. Then, the biggest problem now was that the person controlling everything from behind the scenes had yet to reveal himself.

Wang Ling felt that the crisis this time was likely the other party's way of testing them.

He was sounding out their overall fighting strength.





Chapter 1011 Immortal She Pi's Words


With so many experts taking action at the same time, they took control of the warped Five Great Altars in the Palace of Mirrors very quickly.

Only the Altar of Fire was left...

The Altar of Fire envoy seemed to still be putting up a stiff resistance, but the altar's distorted nature had in fact already been fixed by Lord Thunder and the others. Now, the Altar of Fire envoy was nothing more than a spent arrow and wasn't a threat at all.

What everyone had to do next was execute the five altar envoy substitutes at the same time, and the guardian envoys who had been murdered by the shadow army previously would be resurrected by Divine Dao and would take back their positions. The Five Great Altars would recover their strength, and the Palace of Mirrors would become peaceful once again.

"Senior Immortal, aren't we going to act now?" Cailian Zhenren asked. She was worried that some mishap would happen if they continued to delay.

"Just a little longer..." Lord Thunder stared into the sky.

It wasn't just him, but everyone was waiting at that moment.

They were waiting for someone's return.

...

Fang Xing could sense that something had happened outside.

Taking a horde of black shadow soldiers with him, Bai Youquan had already left the place Fang Xing was imprisoned in.

Although his strength had been suppressed, Fang Xing, who had cultivated the Snake Form since childhood, had an unusually acute sense for danger.

Bai Youquan had left in a hurry, as if something big had happened outside.

And most importantly, Fang Xing had already sensed Wang Ling's aura.

He knew that Wang Ling would come.

"Your friend?" Immortal She Pi asked behind Fang Xing.

"My classmate!"

Fang Xing nodded solemnly. After careful thought, he then added, "The best classmate!"

After their battle with words, father and son finally recognized their relationship. Fang Xing talked about his experiences after he was born, and Immortal She Pi was overwhelmed with mixed emotions as something clicked in his mind. Bai Youquan had tampered with Immortal She Pi's memories, but had never thought that the distorted and false memories could be untangled with the power of Immortal She Pi's bloodline.

The snake scales and intrinsic spirit field which Fang Xing had inherited from Immortal She Pi contained Immortal She Pi's power to begin with, and it was this very power that helped Immortal She Pi straighten out his chaotic thoughts.

"I'm relieved that you're doing well." Immortal She Pi's smile was identical to the one Fang Xing usually had on at school.

Right after he said this, the door of the room they were locked in was split in half by Shen Wuyue's antler, which had turned into a dart.

As the door was cut open, Fang Xing saw a young man with antlers, with blood spurting out of his head... one of the antlers had been broken off to use as a dart.

"Student Fang Xing, I am Shen Wuyue, Sage Master of the demon world. I've come to rescue you under Ling Zhenren's command." Shen Wuyue saluted. He then crushed the antler he had pulled out into fine powder, and he mixed it with the deer blood spurting out of his head. Rolling it into a ball, he gave it to Fang Xing. "Student Fang, please eat this. This Great Deer Pill can activate all your blocked meridians and undo the seal on your spiritual energy."

"Many thanks." Fang Xing knew of Shen Wuyue.

Although he hadn't participated directly in the demon world issue, Fang Xing knew quite a fair bit from the messages in the chat group about Er Ha's trip to the demon world.

The Great Deer Pill was a rare medicine made with Shen Wuyue's own deer antler and divine blood. Although the creation process seemed a little violent, it was indeed effective.

After Fang Xing swallowed the pill and cycled the spiritual energy inside his body, the effects were immediately apparent.

His blocked body meridians were completely unclogged.

"Student Fang, I'll wait for you outside." Seeing that the Great Deer Pill had worked, Shen Wuyue relaxed slightly. He patted Fang Xing on the shoulder and left the room to give the father and son some time alone.

"Dad..." Fang Xing gazed at Immortal She Pi, his expression emotional.

Immortal She Pi hadn't moved from this spot; he had already made up his mind.

"Go and do what you have to do."

Immortal She Pi looked at Fang Xing. "I don't belong to that world anymore, son. For a long time, I was lost as I wondered what cultivation was, exactly. And it seems that you found the answer before I did.

"A true cultivator doesn't just have formidable strength; a true cultivator also has a tenacious heart at all times.

"Haha, it seems I'm being too serious." Immortal She Pi smiled. "Choose the path you think is right and keep going, son. You have a group of very good friends. You will always be my pride and joy..."

Fang Xing hesitated. "Will I really find the answer one day?"

"Yes, son."

Immortal She Pi: "Sooner or later, you'll find it. The answer to cultivation, and my answer as well..."

...

Shen Wuyue hadn't waited for more than a few minutes at the door before Fang Xing came out of the room.

"You're not going to talk for a bit longer?" Shen Wuyue asked.

"It's enough." Fang Xing nodded.

He did his best to hold back the tears that were clouding his vision.

"Let it out; it might make you feel better." Shen Wuyue comforted him as he led the way.

In that moment, Fang Xing couldn't hold back his tears anymore.

The mixed emotions and the longing he had carried in his heart for so many years instantly caused his tears to fall despite himself.

"He's still a child after all..."

Up ahead, Shen Wuyue sighed inwardly with relief.

...

Five minutes later, Shen Wuyue and Fang Xing appeared above the Altar of Fire.

Lord Thunder expressed his gratitude to Shen Wuyue repeatedly. "Many thanks, Brother Shen!"

"My pleasure, Senior Immortal, it was nothing." Shen Wuyue saluted. "Everything is happening as Senior Immortal expected: President Bai's son Bai Youquan, the person who captured Student Fang, has already withdrawn. It seems they already had defensive measures in place earlier on, and they've disappeared without a trace."

Lord Thunder: "Not only that, we've discovered that the munitions factories in the Palace of Mirrors have self-destructed."

"We'll need to discuss what to do after this. Right now, it's more important to restore the order of the Palace of Mirrors." Shen Wuyue nodded.

"Brother Shen is right. Then, it's now time for the joint execution." The Royal Scepter in hand, Lord Thunder looked at the guardian envoy of the Altar of Fire in front of him. Heavily suppressed by the Royal Scepter, the guardian envoy was in a kowtow position and didn't have the power to resist at all.

"It's been hard on you, Brother Fang Xing."

Lord Thunder then walked over to Fang Xing's side and said with a wide smile on his face, "Welcome home, Brother Fang Xing."





Chapter 1012 The Wisdom to Speak and Fight


After Fang Xing left, the confinement room returned to silence. Gazing in the direction that Fang Xing left in, True Immortal She Pi suddenly felt a little melancholy. He never thought that after his resurrection, he would actually meet the child that he had left behind before his death.

"Blademaster, you can come out now." Immortal She Pi took a deep breath, then turned his gaze to the side.

Inside the room, an old man in a white training outfit and a red sash around his waist took form out of nothingness.

"Sure enough, the boundless colored sword qi of Boundless Sword Dao deserves its name," Immortal She Pi said to the old man with a smile. This was a protective sword qi which changed the structure of the surrounding space structure based on the principle of the three primary colors and which allowed the user to blend into the background like a chameleon. When the boundless colored sword qi was released, it could cover traces of the user completely.

Such a superb sword art required an extremely high understanding and demand of sword qi, and only the Blademaster was capable of this.

Immortal She Pi found General Yi's appearance here a little unexpected, but the latter said, "It looks like you've already made your decision."

"My sacrifice had always been part of the plan." Immortal She Pi shook his head calmly. "Catching Shadow is the key to saving everything."

"While I've been nominally retired all these years, I've been looking everywhere for clues on this "Shadow,' but with nothing to show for it. That boy whom Fang Xing is close to also doesn't match with our understanding of Shadow. He's very strong, however, so based on the theory that power attracts power, we might finally get a lead through him."

"Old Yi, we don't have much time left. The only way the world can become peaceful once more is by pulling out our opponent this time at the root."

"Mm." General Yi nodded. "It's just that you've been wronged in this matter."

"There's nothing to feel wronged about; I'm no longer worried after seeing how well he's living." Immortal She Pi gave a sigh. "Besides that... how is my shifu doing?"

"That lovesick Gua Pi is still in prison, and he's surprisingly naive. This is also thanks to you, for pretending to be his disciple back then, which was an excellent way of hiding your identity."

"He isn't a bad person," said Immortal She Pi.

"I know." General Yi nodded. "But he's still a fool."

During their conversation, Immortal She Pi's body had started to glow, and was gradually turning into light particles from the bottom up.

"It seems that the Palace of Mirrors is peaceful once more; it's time for me to go." Immortal She Pi looked at his fading body. There was no pain, as he was simply becoming a spirit once again. He had already died once, and naturally had no extra emotions about it.

As part of Magnificent Immortal's secret service division, Immortal She Pi had carried out classified investigations into Shadow's secret, which was vital to the survival of the cultivation world.

"Is there anything else you want to say?" General Yi asked just before Immortal She Pi vanished.

"Tell him I love him 3000 times1."

1(From Tony Stark's memorable line in "Avengers: Endgame.") "Alright."

...

September 12th, the thirtieth day of the summer break.

The black shadow army's plot completely fell apart under the joint efforts of experts from various factions. Peace returned to the Palace of Mirrors and order was restored in both worlds. The cultivators who had been murdered by the black shadow army in the real world were brought back to life through the formidable power of Divine Dao, and their memories of the Palace of Mirrors were sealed away.

However, since news about the surprise attack had already spread in the real world, the International Cultivators Association naturally wouldn't be indifferent about it.

The black shadow army had retreated too quickly, however, and the mastermind behind the scenes had yet to be found. Thus, the association could only make up a story for the public in order to keep the cultivation world calm and united.

Thus, at noon that day, Guo Ping, as the diplomatic peace ambassador to outer space, and Lord Thunder, who had been dispatched to carry out the peace-keeping mission this time, showed up at the conference site.

At noon, Wang Ling cuddled Er Ha in front of the TV and silently watched the two individuals put on a pompous show...

The first person to appear was Lord Thunder.

The Office of Strategic Deception had barely been established when its fame already spread far and wide. After Lord Thunder became a True Venerated, the sect's international reputation further stepped up a notch, and the title Great Death-Courting Senior was already a household name in the cultivation world. Factoring in Huaxiu Alliance's high regard for the Office of Strategic Deception, Lord Thunder was now a famous and major figure, and not just the owner of a small cultivation forum any longer.

Lord Thunder and Guo Ping took their places for the press conference, and the camera turned to Lord Thunder.

A caption instantly appeared under his image: "Chief of Huaxiu's Sky-level first-class sect General Office of Strategic Deception: Lord Thunder."

What followed was a round of questions from the reporters.

A tall female reporter raised her hand. "Lord Thunder, the Office of Strategic Deception's peace-keeping mission this time was a huge success. Does this mean that the Office's strength has already reached the pinnacle of the cultivation world?"

This first question was very pointed.

But Lord Thunder had already prepared an answer.

Since ancient times, what was the best virtue Huaxiu cultivators could possess?

Naturally, it was modesty!

Since this was a news conference held by Huaxiu Alliance, Lord Thunder had already prepared his speech beforehand.

Lord Thunder sighed slowly. "Our Office of Strategic Deception has been able to grow to this extent largely because of our sect's stable foundation. The Heavenly Dao broccoli we produce is now exported to cultivation nations all over the world. Currently, the waiting list for our Heavenly Dao broccoli is up to five hundred years. It is because of this trade that our sect was able to gain a place in the world rankings. But in fact, we're still very weak."

Everyone: "???"

Lord Thunder: "Our sect's team leaders neglect their daily duties, which I'm deeply concerned about. One only knows how to play games and one has yet to marry despite being two thousand years old, unable to free himself of his addiction to the shut-in game Arknights ... We are a newly established sect; how can we talk about reaching the top in the cultivation world if we can't even maintain discipline in our sect? All this is just overblown praise..."

Everyone: "..."

The female reporter: "Then, if you aren't the best, why was the Office of Strategic Decision dispatched for this peace-keeping mission?"

Lord Thunder: "Maybe we were chosen through a drawing of straws. Everything was arranged by the higher-ups; we could only obey. Given the outcome, we can be considered quite lucky as we were able to drive off those alien invaders."

The aggressive female reporter turned to Guo Ping. "Ambassador Guo, can you tell us what kind of alien attack was it, at this critical time when we are establishing diplomatic relations with Divine Dao Star?"

"They were aliens from a far-off place; we're currently investigating their exact origins."

Guo Ping had long foreseen this question, and straightaway replied, "During this crucial moment when we are establishing diplomatic relations with outer space, we will not stand for any behavior that will obstruct the development of cosmic peace. At the same time, a word of advice to any alien lifeforms watching the news who want to act against Earth: there is still time to stop now. We welcome all alien creatures who want to establish diplomatic relations with Earth through peace negotiations! In short: we are open to talks, but will fight to the end if that is your stance 2 ! Earth cultivators have over ten thousand years of history - what kind of situation haven't we encountered before?"

2(China's oft-quoted political stance..) Everyone: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 1013 Wang Ling, Do You Want A Brother Or A Sister?


September 13th, the thirty-first day of the summer break.

Today was destined to be an unusual day. Father Wang and Mother Wang had agreed on something and left in a hurry in the morning. Wang Ling guessed that the couple were making a stealthy visit to the hospital for a prenatal check-up... Actually, he had already known about the pregnancy earlier on after sensing a mystical telepathic connection. The problem, however, was that Father and Mother Wang still didn't know how to tell Wang Ling about it.

After some consideration, the couple decided to hide the pregnancy for the time being. They didn't want to say anything, and Wang Ling naturally wouldn't force them...

That wasn't in his nature.

In fact, Wang Ling thought it wasn't bad to have a younger brother or sister.

The main problem was that Father and Mother Wang had too many misgivings!

Their fondness for making up scenarios was an occupational disease for them to begin with...

Father and Mother Wang originally wanted to brighten the atmosphere at home, but when all was said and done, they also cared about how Wang Ling felt.

When a child suddenly learned that he was going to have a younger brother or sister, would there be a sense of loss? Would he think that his parents no longer loved him? If his parents didn't love their children equally, all sorts of problems might crop up in the future...

Thus, Father and Mother Wang started to feel conflicted.

They planned to find the right moment to tell Wang Ling.

At the sea village, news of Mother Wang's pregnancy lifted the spirits of all the villagers. No one else was happier than Aunt Wang except Old Man Wang - and he was finally able to escape Aunt Wang's evil clutches when it came to the matchmaking interviews.

In the last two days, the entire village had raised money to prepare tonics for Mother Wang, and Aunt Wang arranged to personally deliver them.

As a matter of fact, it was shortly after Father and Mother Wang left the house that a large truck arrived at the gate of the Wang family's small villa directly from the sea village.

The sound of the engine alarmed Wang Ling.

When he opened the door, he saw Aunt Wang directing people to unload the truck. "That is a box of Calming Pills, and they're fragile; be careful when you unload them. If even one is damaged, you won't get anything for your work today! These are supplements for pregnant women which I specially ordered! And that box of Inspiration Pills - be careful!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Well...

Father and Mother Wang still wanted to hide it from him, but Aunt Wang had spilled the beans...

Wang Ling just acted as if he hadn't heard anything, and walked out of the house in a pair of flip-flops.

Songhai was already very hot in September. Wang Ling was wearing a white short-sleeved shirt and blue beach shorts, which made him look fresh and cool.

The blue and white ensemble wouldn't absorb heat easily, and Wang Ling had enchanted these clothes of his so that in blistering hot weather, they automatically gave off an ice-cold feeling, like a portable air conditioner.

"Oh, it's Wang Ling! I haven't seen you in so long. You've gotten taller! And handsome, too! Wonderful!" When Aunt Wang saw Wang Ling open the door, she grabbed his snow-white arm firmly to pull him against her.

Wang Ling: "..."

Fresh meat like Wang Ling were popular with aunties to begin with...

Moreover, Wang Ling was also a member of the sea village.

Although he lived in the city, the blood of the Wang clan still flowed through his veins.

This was an undeniable fact.

Also, Wang Ling's body was very cool now, and one couldn't help but draw near to him to dispel the summer heat.

As the little brothers unloaded the goods and moved them into the Wang family's small villa, they deliberately walked past Wang Ling to take advantage of the cool breeze.

"Everything's been unloaded, auntie..." After the little brothers were done, Aunt Wang carefully checked the goods against the inventory list, then took out a small silk pouch and put all the goods inside.

Aunt Wang handed the pouch to Wang Ling. "Little Wang Ling, these are for your mother. When she comes back, please give them to her."

"Mm..." Wang Ling nodded.

"Also, please give this to your dad; make sure he perseveres, and hangs it up in his study!" At Aunt Wang's words, spirit light flashed in her hand and a silk banner appeared.

The banner read: Courage brings glory, reproduce a miracle!

Wang Ling: "..."

...

Aunt Wang left even more quickly than she had arrived.

She knew that Mother Wang had gone for a prenatal check-up today, so she wasn't in the mood to sit around and wait in the Wang family's small villa. After delivering the tonics, she energetically drove the truck directly to the hospital where Mother Wang was getting her prenatal check-up done.

Father and Mother Wang were startled when Aunt Wang showed up at the door of the examination room at Songhai Cultivation Obstetrics And Gynecology Specialist Hospital.

"Aunt Wang... why are you..." asked Father Wang.

"It's nothing, I sent a truckload of tonics to your place earlier, so I dropped by to check on you."

"Did... did you spill the beans?" Father Wang was worried.

"No; Wang Ling that boy is so simple. He wouldn't notice anything," Aunt Wang assured them confidently.

She then looked at Mother Wang and asked, "What's the situation?"

"We're still waiting for the pregnancy report, but my wife and I got health check-ups not long ago. There's nothing wrong with either of us, and we're in good health." Father Wang smiled.

Although both he and Mother Wang were only at the Body Refinement stage, they were still cultivators, albeit on the lowest rung...

When it came to giving birth, one advantage which a cultivator had over an ordinary person was their age.

There were cultivators with high realms who gave birth even when they were thousands of years old.

Although Mother Wang was already over forty years old, she was still considered a young mother in the cultivation world, and it absolutely wasn't a problem for her to have a baby. Nevertheless, a prenatal check-up should still be carried out.

A prenatal check-up for a pregnant cultivator meant examining the level of spiritual energy inside the body.

A pregnant woman had a slightly higher spiritual energy level than an average person, so a pregnant female cultivator had to ensure that her spiritual energy was balanced, or there was a risk of her fetus exploding...

At the same time, female cultivators were also charged different childbirth fees depending on their realms. Childbirth below the Nascent Soul stage was covered by medical insurance, while cultivators at the Nascent Soul stage or above paid more with every increase in realm.

The Nascent Soul stage was a critical level to begin with: whether it was a natural birth or a Caesarean, technical expertise was involved.

Obstetrics and gynecology hospitals often had cases where in order to save money, some Nascent Soul female cultivators gave birth on their own at home rather than go to a hospital.

In the end, they gave birth to their nascent soul, leaving the child inside the belly...

They then hurried to the hospital in a panic for remedial surgery.

But Mother Wang was in good condition, and the operation for a Body Refinement cultivator wasn't too complicated. As long as her spiritual energy level during the prenatal check-up was normal, there was nothing to worry about.

After another few minutes, a nurse handed them a file through the window of the examination room. "Mr Wang, your wife's report is out. Her spiritual energy level is normal, and there are no problems."

"Thank you!" Father Wang was very happy.

"Hahaha! I told you, the girls of our sea village all have strong bones!" Aunt Wang was also delighted. Looking at Father and Mother Wang, she said, "The two of you, when you go home tonight, you should think about how to break the news to Wang Ling. You'll have to do it sooner or later; I think it's better to do it earlier."

"Mm." Father Wang nodded solemnly. "But... how should we bring it up?"

Aunt Wang suggested, "Drop hints first, then make a clear announcement. Or you can ask little Wang Ling whether he would like a younger brother or sister!"

So that night, the dinner Mother Wang prepared was as followed:

The first dish was a chicken and mushroom stew, which contained two chickens...

The second dish was braised chili crab. There was a male crab and a female crab...

The third dish was scrambled eggs with hot pepper... and the eggs had double yolks...





Chapter 1014 Wang Ling: Peep


Wang Ling got his parents' hints during the meal. Actually, he thought that they were worrying too much, but it still warmed his heart since it proved that they valued his opinion. As a member of the family, Wang Ling basked in the feeling of being valued.

"Ling Ling... say that if... if one day, your dad and I want to have another child... do you want a brother or sister..." Mother Wang asked as she put the bowls and chopsticks down and smiled at Wang Ling in front of her.

Looking at Mother Wang's belly, Wang Ling directly opened his mouth to speak out loud in a rare moment. "Sister."

Father and Mother Wang were overjoyed; at least they now knew that Wang Ling didn't mind having a brother or sister.

What they had been most worried about was that Wang Ling would be upset; it looked like they could completely let go of their concerns.

Thus, Mother Wang ate very happily that night. Since she was now eating for two, she needed all sorts of extra nutrition.

After dinner, she started calling all their relatives to announce the good news about her second pregnancy.

From his bedroom, Wang Ling inadvertently heard Mother Wang's conversations with several different people, and he could tell that she was very excited.

The first call.

Mother Wang: "Second Aunt, let me tell you - I'm going to have a second child!!"

Second Aunt: "Second child? Really? Can you still, at your age..."

Mother Wang: "I went to the hospital for a check-up; my body's fine."

Second Aunt: "What about Wang Ling? Is he alright with it?"

Mother Wang: "Ling Ling doesn't mind; he even said he wanted a sister!"

Second Aunt: "That's great, then. We have to ask our kids what they think. Children nowadays have a lot of ideas, and we need to pay attention to them. Wang Ling's a good kid, not like some in particular who feel like the love they get will be split."

Mother Wang rubbed her belly while she was on the phone. "That's right, Wang Ling must be very happy."

...

The second call.

Mother Wang: "Great Aunt, let me tell you - I'm going to have a second child!!! I'm already pregnant!"

Great Aunt: "So suddenly? What about Wang Ling?"

Mother Wang: "Great Aunt, I'll care for both of them the same. We don't value sons over daughters, they're both the same. But Ling Ling said he wanted a sister!"

Great Aunt: "Sister? Haha, that's good. A daughter is her parents' snug little cotton-padded jacket! Haven't you always said, after Wang Ling was born, he tore down the house, like in the Coin Dozer game..."

Mother Wang: "..."

...

After making several calls in a row, Mother Wang finally sighed with relief on the bed.

"Success?" asked Mother Wang.

"Should be - he definitely heard it." On the bed, Father Wang glanced in the direction of Wang Ling's bedroom.

The reason they'd made the series of calls was to explicitly announce that they were having a second child... They didn't think it was proper to bring it up at the dining table, so the couple thought that this indirect method was pretty good. They just needed to speak a little louder while on the phone; given Wang Ling's hearing, it was only a matter of seconds before he heard it.

But to confirm that Wang Ling had already heard, Father Wang thought it was still better to ask him.

Thus, he put down the newspaper and looked in the direction of Wang Ling's room. "Ling Ling, if you heard... give us a peep."

Wang Ling: "Peep."

Father and Mother Wang: "..."

...

September 14th, the thirty-second day of the summer break.

Today, Wang Ling went on a rare shopping trip with Mother Wang to the cultivation mall. Songhai city had entered a period of on-going high summer temperatures, and Wang Ling had asked Mother Wang if she wanted her clothes enchanted so she could keep cool. Mother Wang had declined; although it would be nice and cool on her skin, the baby in her belly might feel cold.

Taking this into consideration, and to ensure that Mother Wang didn't overheat, Wang Ling would follow her whenever she went shopping from now on. He had a portable air conditioner, so Mother Wang could stay cool in the summer heat as long as she was with him. Of course, once Wang Ling started school again, Er Ha would take over this guard duty, as the yellow tights it wore could also lower the temperature.

Pets normally weren't allowed inside the shopping mall, but Er Ha was different: it was an intelligent, top-class spirit beast certified by the Pet Trainers Guild. It wouldn't cause anyone any trouble, and thus received preferential treatment.

As they walked through the food section, Mother Wang conscientiously picked out new cooking sauces. These were natural and free of additives, and more suitable for pregnant women. For example, the soy sauce in her hand was a natural extract drawn from a type of spirit beast, and it was rich in nutrients. It was pricey, but extraordinary times called for extraordinary treatment.

"This soy sauce won't cause the baby's face to be too black after birth." Mother Wang picked up a few bottles and put them in the shopping cart before saying to Wang Ling, "This type of soy sauce wasn't around before you were born and we just had the ordinary kind, so your face was very black when you came out; back then when he held you, your dad almost broke down."

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ling and Mother Wang then walked through the instant foods section which sold things like instant noodles, frozen dumplings and so on. Here, Wang Ling saw a quarrelsome pair — Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi.

They were bickering about what flavor of instant noodles to buy.

"Braised beef!" Wang Zhen wasn't backing down.

"Beef with pickled vegetables!" Liu Qingyi argued, "Beef with pickled vegetables is great! Instant noodles aren't digested so easily, and it's easy to get fat if you eat too much of it! Think about it: beef with pickled vegetables is sour! It can speed up digestion! You won't get fat from eating it!"

Wang Zhen was lost for words.

On the side, Wang Ling was amazed when he heard this. What kind of bizarre theory was that... the law of energy conservation was deeply saddened by it!

"Aren't those two your friends?" Mother Wang looked at the bickering pair from afar.

Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi had visited the Wang family before, so Mother Wang recognized them.

"Hello, senior!" While the two were quarreling, they saw Mother Wang and Wang Ling push a shopping cart over, and they stood at attention and saluted very respectfully.

"You youngsters need more nutrition. How can you eat instant noodles?" Mother Wang sighed.

Wang Ling: "..." What damn youngsters?!

These two were from the Domain of the Gods, with over a thousand years of cultivation... If they were wrapped in bandages and dumped inside the pyramids, they would be three thousand-year-old mummies!

Liu Qingyi and Wang Zhen both sighed.

They didn't want to eat instant noodles either, but they really didn't have enough money after descending to the world below...

Wang Ling more or less knew the story behind this.

The main reason was that they had secretly come to Earth without permission, and had thus broken the rules of the Domain of the Gods. They were still under Gu Shunzhi's surveillance for now, and had to live like normal Earthlings for two years, with a portion of their powers sealed, before they could return to the Domain of the Gods.

Food and board had become a problem for them during this period.

They were children of wealthy, noble families in the Domain of the Gods, and just couldn't adapt to mundane lives. Liu Qingyi had gone out to look for work previously, and could only find a simple job handing out leaflets. It was just that she had lost her temper after clashing with a passerby, beating up the latter so badly that he had to be sent to the hospital... In the end, Gu Shunzhi had stepped in to mediate and pay the hospital bill, but the money was now on Liu Qingyi's head.

In short, Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi were now stuck together. Worse still, Liu Qingyi had a massive debt and owed Gu Shunzhi a huge sum of money.

Worst of all, apart from when Gu Shunzhi needed them to carry out emergency assignments, their powers were restricted to the Foundation Establishment stage... Even in today's era of national cultivation, the things a Foundation Establishment cultivator could do were very limited. The most they could do was fly on swords to deliver takeout or parcels, or move bricks at construction sites.

In short, Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi were like grasshoppers on a string.

"I remember, you're Ling Ling's new classmates? You'll also be studying at Number 60 after the summer break?" Mother Wang looked at them with a smile. "I'm also a little hungry after walking for a bit - how about we eat together? My treat."

Clutching the instant noodles in their hands, Wang Zhen's and Liu Qingyi's eyes lit up, as if they were seeing an angel in that moment...





Chapter 1015 Punishment by Ordeal


The basement of the cultivation department store was a food street. Mother Wang chose a chain restaurant that looked reasonably clean and tidy and ordered a table of dishes. This wasn't Mother Wang flaunting her wealth - she really was starving!! She had also experienced this when she was pregnant with Wang Ling: she would eat a lot and crave spicy food in particular.

"Don't be shy." Mother Wang smiled at Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi, and then started eating. Wang Ling ordered a glass of lemonade and then watched Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi fall on the food like starving wolves. They were more prone to hunger because of the restrictions on their magical powers. It was because of this that Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi had been hungry since coming back from the Palace of Mirrors the day before yesterday.

Looking at Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi's situation, Wang Ling realized that Gu Shunzhi truly was incorruptible - as a keeper of cosmic order, he could be this ruthless even toward his fellow countrymen.

It was going to be like this for two years. This was just punishment by ordeal - even a mortal cultivating to become immortal wouldn't be this wretched!

But Wang Ling remembered that Number 60 High's first extension should be completed by the end of the summer break. The first round of building investments from Sun Rong's Huaguo Water Curtain Group had already come in, and a student dormitory would have been built behind Number 60 High's sports field. This was a typical feature of a key city school, and since Number 60 High wanted to be upgraded to a key city school, a school building for accommodation was a must.

That was to say, Wang Zhen's and Liu Qingyi's lives would become a little easier after the summer vacation, so they wouldn't need to consider the problem of renting an apartment anymore. It was Gu Shunzhi who had set up their identities on Earth, and who had gotten them into Number 60 High to study; a cheap place for shelter was better than renting an apartment in such a big city.

It was really hard to believe that two children from rich families in the Domain of the Gods had to live like this after coming to Earth.

Was this an X-Change 1 in the cultivation world?

1("X-Change" is a Chinese documentary series in which kids switch families for 7 days ..) Wang Ling suddenly felt it was interesting.

"Are you in trouble?" Like most middle-aged women, Mother Wang liked to chat with others while eating. Most importantly, Wang Ling realized that when Mother Wang talked to people, she could always get to the point. This had a lot to do with her experiences in life and her writing.

Mother Wang had read many stories before she quit writing.

When they heard Mother Wang's words, Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi looked depressed.

It could only be said, as expected of a great senior from that villa.

Sure enough, Ling Zhenren's biological mother was amazing.

Although Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi had high cultivation, they still lacked experience compared with Mother Wang. Profound cultivation was useless - they hadn't struggled enough in society. Hundreds of years would sometimes go by when cultivators went into seclusion, and they couldn't keep up with the news at all.

Children like them from rich families in the Domain of the Gods grew up surrounded by their families. In a society that worshipped money, they were muggles without it... Thus, Gu Shunzhi had put a lot of thought into placing them on Earth to temper them.

Gu Shunzhi was from a de facto imperial family in the Domain of the Gods, but unlike Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi, he was also a keeper of order on top of that. He, who worked hard to maintain order everywhere in the universe, was a lot more mature than Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi.

"We're looking for jobs, but no one wants us..." Wang Zhen made a pained sound.

A Foundation Establishment cultivator could consider delivering takeout or parcels on a flying sword.

But the problem was that according to the Earth IDs which Gu Shunzhi had given them, they were still in high school!! They were minors!! Like Wang Ling, they were only sixteen years old! No workplace dared hire them... Plus, they didn't know where to go to look for a job...

It would have been fine if they weren't on record as high school students.

But the problem was that they were now high school students registered with the General Administration of 100 Cultivation Schools. As long as their profiles showed up in a search of the online student registry, even a small enterprise wouldn't hire them.

"What about Little Lei?" Mother Wang thought of Lord Thunder. "He should be able to help you."

"But he doesn't pay us... We want to improve our lives..." As a little princess, Liu Qingyi felt aggrieved from the bottom of her heart. She never imagined that there would be a day when she would end up like this with Wang Zhen. Not only was he her fiancé on paper in the Domain of the Gods, he was also the person she hated the most!!!

And because of a misunderstanding, she and this trash had come to the world below to escape marriage; in the end, they were discovered by Gu Shunzhi, who had sentenced them on the spot.

It would be two years before they could return to the Domain of the Gods...

Reasonably speaking, two years wasn't long for cultivators used to going into seclusion, but Liu Qingyi and Wang Zhen now felt like time was crawling by.

In their seclusion rooms in the world above, they had WIFI and air conditioning, and didn't have to worry about food or clothing - now, even housing was a problem for them in the world below.

Wang Ling felt that Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi had no one to blame but themselves.

For second generation individuals used to comfortable lives in the Domain of the Gods, it was likely impossible for them to bow their heads and live on someone else's charity. Thunder was a warmhearted person and would certainly be willing to help them, but there weren't any other options if they wouldn't accept it.

Mother Wang turned to look at Wang Ling. "Ling Ling, they're your classmates. Why don't you think of something?"

Liu Qingyi and Wang Zhen perked up instantly.

Wang Zhen: "I can be your underling!!"

Liu Qingyi: "I can be your hired muscle! I'll even warm your bed!!"

Mother Wang: "Miss, calm down..."

Wang Ling: "..."

The two of them weren't willing to rely on someone else, but if the other party was Wang Ling, they were convinced one hundred percent. To be able to follow the big boss was a blessing!

He might reward them with crispy noodle snack packets, and they would rise by leaps and bounds!

In fact, Wang Ling really had thought of a job.

It was work that had no age restrictions, nor was it dependent on realm. It didn't matter that they were students. Besides, given Wang Zhen's and Liu Qingyi's talents, they were absolutely qualified for this job.

So that night, Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi received new assignments.

Er Ha took Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi to the family apartment.

Wei Zhi was already waiting for them at the entrance.

He was topless and wore a large pair of pants. There was a sea salt popsicle in his mouth, and a Pushing Large Butterfly rested on his shoulder.

Seeing that Er Ha had arrived, Wei Zhi immediately waved excitedly. "Brother Dog!"

"Mm, as I mentioned on the phone, I'll leave these two to you," Er Ha said. Its job was done.

Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi said hello to Wei Zhi.

Wei Zhi smiled and said, "From now on, you'll be taking care of spirit beasts with me. Starting as junior pet trainers, you'll be paid six thousand each during the probation period; taking out the rent, it's three thousand yuan. If you work long enough, your pay will increase. Senior pet trainers can earn tens or even hundreds of thousands of yuan a month. If you work hard, you'll definitely be able to make a living for yourselves."

"Then we will have to trouble you!" Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi accepted gladly.

To be able to rely on themselves to earn a living meant that they wouldn't need to rely on others.

Besides, it was Wang Ling who had arranged this job for them, which made it more tolerable.





Chapter 1016 Mother Wang's Prenatal Education


Wei Zhi's job for them wasn't very complicated. It was just like working in a pet shop, and Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi got the hang of it very quickly. Wei Zhi had intended to hire some assistants to help him before, but the experience such external helpers had was patchy and they wouldn't stay for very long.

Taming spirit beasts was a matter of technique. As a pet trainer, Wei Zhi naturally had his own unique skills. Nowadays, some part-time workers would learn these methods before they quit and disappeared to start anew elsewhere. Wei Zhi didn't want this group of people to profit off him.

In the end, Wei Zhi was utterly delighted when Wang Ling introduced two individuals to him.

Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi had far more experience than Wei Zhi had imagined. They didn't need special instructions from him at all. Instead, it was Wei Zhi who learned new things from them.

"You've raised spirit beasts before?" When he saw how incredibly proficient Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi this pair of foes were, Wei Zhi was instantly curious about their identities.

"You can think of it that way, but I've never raised such small ones." Wang Zhen's face was as calm as an ancient well.

"So you raised...?" Wei Zhi asked.

Liu Qingyi answered, "His family runs a fishery."

"A fishery?" In his heart, Wei Zhi ran through the types of large spirit beasts that could be raised in a fishery - it could only be something like a spirit whale. There was a Water King Whale at the Pet Trainers Guild, but because of its massive size, it was being reared in the western sea, where the Pet Trainers Guild had a base for raising spirit beasts.

"Raising whales certainly isn't easy... how unexpected, that you have experience in raising whales on your own." Wei Zhi was instantly reassured. Not just anyone could raise cetacean spirit beasts, which would die if they weren't cared for well enough.

Wang Zhen sighed.

After all, pet trainers in the world below knew nothing about them.

However, Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi both believed that there had to be a reason Wang Ling had arranged for them to work here.

This was an era in which a person could become a True Venerated just by eating broccoli... Following Ling Zhenren's arrangements could only be a good thing.

Wei Zhi was a person from the world below, but as long as they worked hard, they might comprehend something new through him!

So Wang Zhen didn't plan to hide anything from Wei Zhi. He shook his head and said outright, "It's not whales that I raise."

Wei Zhi already felt out of his depth, and asked with a puzzled face, "Not whales?"

Wang Zhen: "I raise kun."

Wei Zhi: "???"

...

In the evening on the same day that Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi got the job, a delivery truck from the cultivation department store in the city center drove up to the gate of the Wang family's small villa, carrying a large number of goods that Mother Wang had bought today.

"Madam, this is the inventory list of your goods; please check and sign for it." The little delivery brother stood at the gate with a big smile on his face.

For the cultivation department store, this was a rare big customer. The night shift delivery fee was based on a percentage of the total amount of goods. The commission was only a very small percentage, but if they received a huge order, it was simply a huge profit for them!

The deliveries were randomly assigned by the system, and the delivery little brother felt very lucky.

After Mother Wang checked the goods and made sure that nothing was missing, she gave a very reasonable evaluation of the delivery: five stars.

The little brother bowed very politely. "Cultivation department store staff number 193, Qin Zong, thanks you for your evaluation! I look forward to seeing madam next time!"

For some reason, Wang Ling thought the name sounded a little familiar 1 ...

1(A reminder that Qin Zong is the name of the protagonist of the author's other novel "The Cultivation World's Only Koi .. ") ...

Mother Wang had indeed bought quite a number of things this time. At home, the cooking condiments had all been replaced with those specially for pregnant women. In addition, Mother Wang had bought a lot of baby clothes. She didn't know if the baby in her belly was a little brother or sister, so she had chosen neutral styles which wouldn't be too strange whether they were worn by a boy or a girl.

After using a storage pouch to bring in the goods from the truck, Mother Wang took them out one by one in the living room and started to admire her spoils from her afternoon shopping spree.

Distracted by the sounds below, Father Wang couldn't focus on typing. When he went downstairs, he saw the objects spread out on the floor like at a street vendor's stall.

One month's worth of his earnings... gone...

"There's no need for so many things..." Father Wang looked at the floor, hands on his hips. "Some of these might be impulse buys... I remember the cultivation department store will refund goods within three days of purchase..."

"What refund? All these are necessary!" Mother Wang rolled her eyes at Father Wang. "When we had a baby for the first time, we were inexperienced. After I had Ling Ling, I'd always wondered why he couldn't be normal like other kids, and instead had unusual gifts... Now I understand."

Father Wang and Wang Ling: "???"

Mother Wang: "It must be because we didn't give him enough prenatal education back then!"

Father Wang and Wang Ling: "..."

Mother Wang: "Sometimes, the comprehensive development of virtue, intelligence, physique, and culture should start in the womb. When I was pregnant with Ling Ling, I always felt that we didn't communicate enough, which led to his bad temper after he was born. What if we had helped correct him earlier on in the womb, even with just a bit of psychological counseling? He might have come out a normal child..."

Wang Ling: "..."

It had to be said that Mother Wang was truly doing a lot to prepare for the birth of her second child.

This was clear from this "prenatal education" segment.

And all of Mother Wang's hard work was in order to avoid giving birth to yet another "time bomb"...

"Look at this. It's a magic weapon I specially bought from the baby section of the cultivation department store." Mother Wang picked up a pair of earphones from among the objects laid out on the floor. It still had a price tag on it, and Father Wang sucked in a cold breath at the string of zeros... These earphones alone were already a week's worth of his earnings!

"What is this..."

"Prenatal education earphones." Reading the instruction manual, Mother Wang placed one earphone to her belly, and put the other in her own ear to demonstrate. "This way, you'll be able to hear the baby speak inside the belly."

"Honey, you're only a few days pregnant... It's just an embryo..."

"So what? Embryos have biological waves too!"

"..."

"The best thing about these earphones is that it can translate biological waves on the spot. The earphones will turn whatever we want to say into a biological wave, which is then transmitted into the belly, so we can communicate with the baby!" Mother Wang smiled and said, "How about we give it a name first? Ling Ling, what do you think?"

A name...

Chin in hand, Wang Ling thought very hard.

"Nuan.

"Wang Nuan."

Wang Ling opened his mouth.





Chapter 1017 One Becomes Ten, Ten Becomes A Hundred


Wang Ling never thought that there would actually come a day when he would name his own little brother or sister. In fact, he never thought Father and Mother Wang would have a second child; Wang Ling was unable to clearly see his own future. His life thread was blurry, and he was only just able to avoid calamities because of his twitching eyelid warning sign and some precognitive abilities.

Actually, Wang Ling was looking forward to having a real sibling. Whether the baby in Mother Wang's belly was a younger brother or sister, Wang Ling felt that as an older brother, there was no way he would be like Wang Ming and always try to "bully" his little brother or sister.

He had to get along very well with his sibling.

Was the little one in the womb a boy or a girl? Would it like to eat crispy noodle snacks with Wang Ling? Would it also be born with unusual gifts? Wang Ling couldn't wait for all of it.

As for why he chose the name "Wang Nuan."

Wang Ling felt his choice could be considered a reflection of his own personality.

Once a person's character was determined, it was very difficult to change. Wang Ling didn't like to talk, but that didn't mean he was autistic. From when he spurned noise and crowds before, to now, in Number 60 High half a year later, when he had gradually become used to the cheerful noise around him... He, who had been unwilling to meddle in other people's business before, was now willing to lend a hand to maintain world peace.

Wang Ling realized that while a person's environment couldn't directly change their personality, it could change their frame of mind.

He had never felt more grateful for the group of friends he had; his classmates at Number 60 High and his comrades at the Office of Strategic Deception had all contributed a lot to the change in his frame of mind.

Why Wang Nuan?

The name was a reflection of Wang Ling's changed character and his expectations for the unborn baby.

He hoped it would be a carefree kid who could bring sunshine and warmth to anyone.

At least, not one who would bottle everything up inside like Wang Ling.

"That's a good name!" Father Wang said approvingly.

"So, honey, have you prepared any gifts to celebrate our second child?" Mother Wang stroked her belly and smiled at Father Wang.

"Of course!"

Saying that, Father Wang fished out a large treasure from the storage space of his pants pocket. It was a string of round, hard beads, and Mother Wang was instantly awed.

The smooth round texture gave off a grand air, and it dazzled the eye the instant it was revealed. Mother Wang's stunned eyes were fixed on this stringed treasure, and her small mouth dropped open with undisguised astonishment.

"This... this is?"

"A jade necklace which I got custom-made! It's been blessed by a master! You know Old Chen?"

"Chen Chao's dad?"

"That's right! When Chen Chao was a kid, he had a fever that wouldn't go down, so Old Chen found a master who blessed Chen Chao. As a result, Chen Chao made a full recovery! It's the same master who blessed this jade necklace! I'm sure the little one will like it!" As he spoke, Father Wang picked up the earphone Mother Wang had bought and shook the jade pendant in his hand with a smile. "Are you a boy or a girl? Do you like the jade necklace?"

The furniture in the Wang family's small villa started to shake as soon as he said the words.

Then, Wang Ling saw a blast wave come out of Mother Wang's belly and shatter the jade necklace...

With a gust of wind, it was no more...

Father Wang, Mother Wang and Wang Ling: "..."

The three of them vaguely felt that they had seen this scene before...

...

To Wang Ling's surprise, news of Mother Wang's second pregnancy spread so fast... On the morning of September 15th, the thirty-third day of the summer break, Wang Ling received a message from Zhuo Yi.

Zhuo Yi sent a voice message. He asked carefully, " Shifu ... I heard that you're going to have a little brother or sister?"

Wang Ling was astonished.

At most, only the sea village knew about Mother Wang's second pregnancy. Even if Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi had noticed it yesterday, it was unlikely they would have said anything to anyone else: for one thing, they were too busy to poke their noses into other people's business. For another, neither of them could be considered a big mouth.

So Wang Ling sent three question marks. "???"

As Wang Ling's disciple, Zhuo Yi immediately grasped the essence of these question marks.

From what Zhuo Yi understood of Wang Ling, if the news was false, Wang Ling would have definitely answered with a succinct "no." Sending these three question marks, he was very clearly asking: How did you know?

To be honest, Zhuo Yi had found out by chance.

Because after resolving the Palace of Mirrors incident a while back, Lord Thunder had planned to reward every Office of Strategic Deception staff member for their help by buying each of them two boxes of fruit... and the sea village's oranges were very famous! Zhuo Yi had been responsible for placing the order... In the end, when he drove over to the village, he saw the villagers enthusiastically discussing Mother Wang's pregnancy.

Old Man Wang was the center of attention, and the villagers wouldn't stop talking about it.

So Zhuo Yi, who had come to buy fruit, found out.

At that time, the shock in his heart was beyond words.

To him, his shifu Wang Ling was already so strong...

He truly couldn't imagine what kind of "god" Mother Wang's second child would be...

If the two siblings fought, wouldn't that be a freaking live reenactment of the Götterdämmerung ?

After hearing Zhuo Yi's explanation, Wang Ling fell silent.

Actually, Mother Wang had been more low-key about this pregnancy. There weren't any neighbors near the Wang family's small villa, and no one would pay attention to Mother Wang's second pregnancy anyway. The sea village was the only place in which word had spread about Mother Wang's second pregnancy. Wang Ling never expected Zhuo Yi to find out through sheer serendipity...

In view of Mother Wang's wishes, Wang Ling ordered Zhuo Yi to keep it to himself.

As his disciple, Zhuo Yi was naturally obedient.

It was just that Wang Ling never expected the news of Mother Wang's second pregnancy to still reach the ears of everyone at the Office of Strategic Deception in the end.

That afternoon, Lord Thunder held an emergency meeting to celebrate the second pregnancy, and everyone got busy preparing gifts.

Zhuo Yi cried. This really had nothing to do with him. The desire to live compelled him to hurriedly text Wang Ling the whole story.

" Shifu , this really isn't my fault!" Zhuo Yi sent the message, followed by several images.

Wang Ling saw the packaging for the sea village's oranges.

He remembered that it used to read: Fresh oranges are even tastier!

Now, it read: Congratulations, Uncle Wang, on your second grandchild!





Chapter 1018 On Whether Teachers Actually Look at Holiday Homework


Although Wang Nuan was still an embryo that had yet to fully develop, Wang Ling already knew from the blast wave that had come out of the belly that this kid wasn't destined to be ordinary...

This realization also terrified Father and Mother Wang a little; this scene was too similar to when Wang Ling had broken that precious sword.

A Body Refinement couple giving birth to two fiends one after another... Father and Mother Wang felt that if this matter was exposed, it wouldn't be their two kids who were dragged onto Approaching Science1, but themselves...

1(A Chinese documentary film program.) Because of the sea village's wonderful packaging, practically all the family's acquaintances found out about Mother Wang's second pregnancy. The express deliveries didn't stop arriving at the Wang family's small villa for two days, all of which were gifts for Mother Wang and Wang Nuan.

Mother Wang was popular to begin with. Even though she lived in the outskirts and it wasn't especially convenient for her to meet up with friends, distance couldn't block out the sincere well wishes of a true friend!

Not even mountains and rivers could stop a true friend from sending well wishes; this was something fairweather friends couldn't compare with.

"Ai, I never thought everyone would be so kind." Gazing at the express deliveries, Mother Wang felt both warm and depressed. If she had known earlier, she wouldn't have gone shopping at the cultivation department store... Her friends were very thoughtful. And who knew whether they had discussed it among themselves, but they had all sent different things.

All kinds of magic artifacts for prenatal education, baby products, tonics for pregnant women... Most excessive of all, someone had even sent a topped-up membership card for supplementary courses. Written on the card was a wise saying that Wang Ling had heard in all kinds of educational ads since young: Don't shortchange your children at the starting line!

These words made a lot of sense, but when it came to the Wang family's children, it was a load of bull! After all, by the time they were born, they had already reached the finish line...

...

At noon on September 16th, Wang Ling received the first message in a while in Number 60 High's Grade One, Class Three small squad chat. Wang Ling had always felt that basically no one posted in a class chat without an ulterior motive. On the whole, if something really did happen after graduation, some chose to DM other classmates about it, while others were more likely to show off in the group - there were too many cases nowadays of success stories after graduation who showed off in the group, thus inciting resentment.

Group chats while still at school were still pure for the most part.

Like now...

Chen Chao first posted several picturesque photos.

One could tell that his temporary disappearance had to do with traveling. The summer break was long, so going out to expand his horizons was understandable. The cultivation world was so big, and it was far from enough to only experience it through travel during the high school break.

But the travel experience was necessary: five percent of the college entrance exam had to do with the development of extracurricular knowledge. Students who wanted to get into a famous university would never give up that five percent. Additionally, there had never been a fixed criterion for this part of the assessment; it was completely up to the teacher who set the question. If you didn't know anything about the topic, your head would explode when you read the test question.

"Look... how beautiful is the scenery?" Chen Chao posted several pictures one after another.

"The scenery where I am isn't bad either..." Following Chen Chao's lead, Guo Hao also posted several pictures.

"..." Wang Ling was silent and didn't respond.

Su Xiao was smart. As Number 60 High's Grade One, Class Three's most excellent commissary in charge of studies, he straightaway read between the lines of these pictures. "Let's hear it: how much more homework do you still have to finish..."

Chen Chao was so moved that he wanted to cry. "Su Xiao, you understand me! Actually, it isn't very much. In addition to not finishing maths, physics and chemistry, I haven't done the rest yet either."

Wang Ling: "..."

Su Xiao: "Why not just say that you haven't done any of it?"

Chen Chao chuckled. "Doesn't this make it sound more intellectual?"

Guo Hao added, "The world is so big, we want to go out and take a look around. There's nothing wrong with that! In any case, as long as we have our brethren, there will always be a way to deal with homework! Expanding our extracurricular knowledge is also very important!"

"Then why don't you go and borrow Sun Rong's homework?" The corners of Su Xiao's mouth twitched as he sent a message in the group somewhat resentfully.

"Classmate Sun Rong... The way she solves problems is too advanced. Most likely, her family hired her some private tutor. If we copy off her, Old Pan will be able to tell with one glance." Guo Hao directly sent a voice message to the group. "I've already discussed it with Chen Chao: as long as you and Wang Ling lend us your homework to copy, we can deal with this matter. First of all, the way you solve problems is within what we've learned and what was taught in class; this is something Chao and I have come to understand after copying your homework multiple times before."

Su Xiao and Wang Ling were both stupefied. "..."

These sly foxes were now so experienced in copying...

Guo Hao: "It's like this: I'll copy 70% of Su Xiao's homework, then 30% of Wang Ling's. Chen Chao will do the opposite. Old Pan absolutely won't be able to tell."

Su Xiao chuckled. "You really think Old Pan is stupid..."

"Don't worry, we won't copy everything; we'll definitely deliberately copy some of it wrong."

"..."

"Of course, Chen Chao and I wouldn't be bothering to spend so much effort on homework if not for the assignment credits. The teachers gave us so much homework for the summer vacation. When they collect the homework at school, the piles will be as tall as mountains. The semester will have just begun and they'll be busy with lessons. If they already don't have enough time to prepare for class, how can they be in the mood to mark the summer homework?" Guo Hao's analysis was clear and logical.

In fact, the phenomenon he was talking about wasn't limited to high schools; even in junior high, teachers dealt with the winter and summer homework in the following three ways:

The first way: Classify and count. Put simply, the homework was collected first, and the number of students who did or did not hand in the work was counted. Teachers called the parents of students who didn't hand in the homework, while the students who submitted the work were divided into groups to mark each other's homework; the teachers just needed to give them the answers at the front of the classroom.

The second way: Deferred punishment. The teachers in this category were more benevolent. They knew that a lot of students were procrastinators who tended to do their homework in the last few days of the summer vacation, so the teachers deliberately set a later submission deadline. It didn't have anything to do with whether the homework was done well or not; instead, completing the homework was a matter of attitude. So usually, teachers like these didn't care whether or not you finished your homework; as long as you handed it in by the deadline, you were safe... If you didn't hand it in, you would be straightaway sentenced to death...

The third way: Save energy and protect the environment. This was a simpler and more crude method, which relied mostly on bluffs. The truth was that these teachers didn't care if students finished their holiday homework or not. It was the holidays, and was originally a time to relax and have fun; there was no need for teachers to be so disobliging. Thus, after gathering the holiday homework, these teachers would outright cast the "Notes Removal Spell" and leave this holiday homework for next year's batch of juniors... Recycle and never waste...





Chapter 1019 Where There Is a Policy, There Is a Countermeasure


There were actually so many people nowadays who could be so righteous and confident about their experiences in copying homework, and Guo Hao and Chen Chao were prime examples.

Whether it was copying homework or lending it to others to copy, it was all bad behavior. Wang Ling had never copied off someone else, because there was no need to do so. Naturally, he wouldn't lend his homework out either if he wasn't close enough to the other party.

The main reason he lent his homework to Guo Hao and Chen Chao was that he didn't want to damage their friendship. Besides, these two guys actually could study, and their grades had never dropped; they copied homework just to save time and effort.

It was impossible for Wang Ling to lend his homework to someone poor in their studies, since that would only hurt the other party.

"Then it's settled: we'll meet at Sunbucks tomorrow!" Chen Chao sent a message in the group, followed by the location of the coffee shop they had agreed on.

This was part of a coffee shop chain, located in the bustling city center. Compared with the tail end of the summer break, there weren't as many students in these coffee shops or fast food restaurants during this period; it was in the last few days of the holiday that you would see McDenald's and KDC filled with students doing their homework...

Wang Ling felt that this could be considered a major spectacle of the summer break.

Scores of middle and high school students taking off on their spirit swords for fast food restaurants, and using all kinds of magic artifacts to openly copy and paste someone else's homework - it was truly hard to imagine such a magnificent scene.

September 17th, twenty days to the end of the summer vacation.

Wang Ling took Er Ha with him as he left for the coffee shop that Chen Chao and Guo Hao had chosen. Ever since Er Ha and Wei Zhi started hanging out together, Er Ha would run over to Wei Zhi's place whenever it could. Sometimes, Chen Chao and the others asked for photos of Er Ha, which Wang Ling would be unable to instantly send to them.

Back then, Teacher Pan had merged Er Ha's primordial spirit with another body to turn it into a dog, and it was born outright in Grade One, Class Three. Thus, Er Ha was the original number one class pet. More than half the summer break had passed, but some concerned classmates like Guo Hao, Chen Chao and a few others still really missed this round and squishy green-furred dog.

Wang Ling was cutting it close when he left the house. He didn't choose to teleport directly, since the coffee shop was in a busy area, and his sudden appearance might scare people.

This was a rare summer break, so Wang Ling thought he should take it easy.

So in the end, he decided to take the spirit bus with Er Ha to the coffee shop.

Er Ha's appearance drew a lot of attention on the bus. In the battle of soul pets during the previous inter-school competition, Er Ha and Wei Zhi had seized the crown, and this had made the news.

Hence, plenty of people felt that Er Ha looked familiar, and wondered if this was the spirit dog that had won previously. However, Wang Ling gave off such a cold air that no one actually dared say anything...

And the most important point was that many of them remembered that the champion dog's pet trainer was Wei Zhi; when did its master change to such a cold person?

A little girl pointed at Er Ha. "Mom! That dog is so green! Just like dad!"

A woman hurriedly covered the girl's mouth and gave her a fierce look. "What nonsense are you spouting?!"

"When Uncle Wang from next door came over to tussle with mom, that's what he said!"

"..."

Right after she said that, dead silence filled the bus.

The awkward atmosphere lasted up until the woman got off the bus.

Wang Ling gazed out the window at the girl's back as she walked away; although her words might have been said in all innocence, she probably wouldn't be able to avoid a beating today after she got home.

Being pointed at and talked about for its green fur conversely made Er Ha unhappy. How many chapters had it been already... What was so strange about a green-furred dog?!

While they were on the road, Wang Ling felt his phone vibrate. Chen Chao had sent a message in the group chat: "Have you all left?"

"Already on my way," replied Su Xiao.

"Mm." Wang Ling gave a one-word reply as well.

Su Xiao: "By the way, why did you specially choose this coffee shop in the city center?"

"Don't rush me, I was just about to tell you." Chen Chao said, "Good kids like you naturally wouldn't know about this place. I heard from the previous batch of seniors at school that in the last few years, teachers from different schools would deliberately check the fast food restaurants and coffee shops around their schools every summer break to especially catch students copying homework. An army for busting copying has already been formed online. Do you know why homework and test papers nowadays use jade paper?

"If someone takes a picture on their phone of their homework on jade paper and sends it to someone else, the picture becomes especially blurry and you can't make out anything at all. The camera function can't identify the texture of jade paper. Plus, this anti-homework copying function was only released in recent years, to put an end to students using remote camera devices to copy homework."

"..." Wang Ling and Su Xiao were silent after hearing this.

To be frank, if Chen Chao this slick customer hadn't brought this up, they would never have known about this sort of thing.

"So, if you want to copy homework, you can only do it offline. Why not do it at home? It's quite simple: if your parents catch you, they'll definitely tell your teacher. The parent chat groups set up by the teachers-in-charge are just like spy networks now. It's horrible. Plus, it's mutual supervision."

Saying this, Chen Chao couldn't help complaining bitterly, "For example, my dad visited his friend the other day, and reported a Number 59 High student in passing. That brother's teacher-in-charge rushed over that very night and wiped clean all the homework he had done."

"..."

"In short, when you come over later, just use my member number, AC123911, and the front desk will bring you to the private room."

1(The hotline for the Chinese Ministry of Education in real life..) "Pri... private room?" The corners of Su Xiao's mouth twitched.

"That's right. For the sake of copying homework, Chao and I specially signed up for a member's card, so that the teachers won't see us."

Guo Hao chimed in, "Last year, when teachers from various schools started carrying out large-scale operations to catch students copying homework in fast food restaurants, coffee shops came up with plans for private rooms practically all at the same time. The private rooms are set up with a 'copy without worry' service, and can also get someone to copy on your behalf, but for an additional service charge."

"..."

"Apart from the all-you-can-drink service when copying homework, there's a person in place outside the door to pass on information. Most importantly, the table in each private room has a mechanism which will automatically hide all the homework on the table when activated, and replace them with board games. Even if teachers actually do raid the private rooms, they'll never know." Guo Hao smiled craftily as he typed.

"..."

Wang Ling was amazed at how far they would go to copy homework...

...

But reality proved that Chen Chao and Guo Hao's preparations weren't without reason.

Because when Wang Ling got off the bus, he saw a familiar, elegant figure strolling unhurriedly down the food street which the coffee shop was on, like a leopard on a hunt.

Wang Ling was sure he wasn't mistaken -

That person was Teacher Pan...





Chapter 1020 A Case Caused By Copying Homework (1)


Before the official start of the summer break, Number 60 High's Headmaster Chen Tianxiang held a pre-vacation teacher's meeting. During the meeting, he had a very grave expression on his face. "Teachers of Number 60 High... I have bad news."

The teachers' hearts trembled - they had never heard Headmaster Chen speak so seriously before, and they discussed among themselves in whispers below the dais for a while. Exactly what major thing had happened to make the usually steady Headmaster Chen show such despondence on his face?

"All of you should be well aware that after sixty years of hard work, this is the year that our Number 60 High has the best hope of being selected and promoted to a key city high school."

Headmaster Chen said slowly, "From the summer break onward, we will gradually complete the upgrade of our facilities, and our teaching team will also be promoted. After our school becomes a key city high school, teachers who have served for more than ten years will receive a key city high school teacher's allowance directly granted by the General Administration of 100 Schools.

"After the promotion to a key city high school, if you continue to teach at Number 60 High and reach fifty years of service, you can get a house in Songhai city, in the school zone around Number 60 High. Your children won't need to be interviewed to enter the school, and the tuition is completely free.

"Another thing is that after the promotion to a key city high school, teachers can take sword boat shuttles on fixed routes to work. In addition to this, we will have a domestic as well as an international team-building activity for all teachers each year. The team-building activities will improve the cohesiveness of our teaching team. At the same time, it'll help relieve some of your stress when you're busy, and you can expand your knowledge in various ways."

Below the dais, Director Shi was a little baffled at Headmaster Chen's words. "Isn't that good news?"

Headmaster Chen nodded. "Mm, it's good news. Now comes the bad news."

"..."

"A very important part of being upgraded to a key city high school is the handover of the 'Jade Scroll of School History.' This is a record of the initial founding of Number 60 High on jade paper, and is the one important piece of material evidence we have of Number 60 High's qualifications as an established school. It's stamped with the wordless magic seals of all the former headmasters."

Headmaster Chen steepled his fingers together and said in a low voice, "Previously, I took out the Jade Scroll of School History and placed it on my office table. I planned to stamp it with my own wordless magic seal before finally handing it over to the upper department for review. But I regret to say, the Jade Scroll of School History has disappeared."

"Disappeared?"

"How can it disappear?"

The teachers were in uproar below the dais.

Logically speaking, a school's Jade Scroll of School History actually wasn't anything of value... even a thief wouldn't look at it.

The most important thing, as a lot of the teachers knew, was that there weren't any words on the scroll. This included the headmaster's stamp, which was a wordless magic seal. All this was for the sake of keeping the scroll in pristine condition; the right verbal magic password was required to make the words appear on the scroll.

"Principal, has the scroll been stolen, then?" The teachers couldn't remain calm after this.

They had now reached the stage where every key city high school candidate had to submit the materials for an audit, and the submission deadline was the last day of the summer break. If they couldn't find the scroll before then, the chance to qualify for a promotion this year would probably fall into Number 59 High's lap.

While Number 60 High would lose their best chance in a century...

This wasn't just about the students' learning, but also the welfare benefits for teachers.

A number of teachers had actually planned to resign in recent years, but with Number 60 High's promotion on the horizon, they had decided to stay and continue teaching.

All their hearts turned cold at such a huge crisis cropping up at this critical time.

"Silence, all of you."

Headmaster Chen was unperturbed as he spoke. His voice couldn't be considered loud, but it carried the dignity of a headmaster, and the situation calmed down for the time being.

"I know all of you are worried, but now is not the time to be anxious; now is the moment that we teachers of Number 60 High should conduct ourselves gracefully. The closer we get to the critical juncture, the more we must remain calm in the face of a crisis." Headmaster Chen stood up, and his gaze swept over the teachers below him. "There is still some time before we have to submit the materials for a qualification review: our Number 60 High still has sixty days to turn things around.

"From my understanding of the preliminary situation, we can rule out the possibility that the scroll was stolen. In the months leading up to the summer break, the General Administration of 100 Schools once held a jade paper recycling operation, and Director Shi and I collected all the old exercise books and scrolls made of jade paper and placed them in my office.

"After looking at the surveillance cameras, it appears that the Jade Scroll of School History was mixed in with the others when a student came to move the things, since it looks just like a blank scroll... It's no wonder it would be treated as trash, given that there's no writing on it; our sect is in fact partly to blame for this."

"Then where can we find the Jade Scroll of School History?" a teacher asked the critical question.

And Headmaster Chen already had the answer.

It was also the main purpose of this teacher's meeting which he was holding today.

He dropped his forehead into his hands. "After recycling the jade paper and purifying it with magic, the General Administration of 100 Schools already cut it up for this year's summer holiday homework..."

All the teachers: "..."

"So the good news is that our Jade Scroll of School History is still in Songhai city. However, I'm afraid that it has already been cut up into several parts and is scattered among this year's high school holiday homework. As long as we can find all the parts of the scroll during the summer break, I can restore it with magic."

As Headmaster Chen said this, his gaze swept over the teachers around him and he gave them an imploring look. "Every teacher present is an elite of our Number 60 High. You deal in various aspects of education and make diligent contributions toward nurturing the flowers of the cultivation world! This year is our Number 60 High's best chance of being promoted to a key city high school in a century! I'm humbly asking everyone here to do everything in your power to find all the cut-up parts of the Jade Scroll of School History during the summer break! Everyone, please!"

After saying this, Headmaster Chen straightened before bowing deeply to all the teachers of Number 60 High below the dais.

Thus, a search operation centered around Number 60 High's Jade Scroll of School History went into full swing during the summer break...

Since it was summer, a lot of students made plans to travel.

To narrow down the scope, the teachers of Number 60 High limited their search to places like coffee shops and fast food restaurants in Songhai city. As soon as they discovered any students copying homework, they wouldn't hesitate to seize them on the spot.





Chapter 1021 A Case Caused By Copying Homework (2)


No one could have expected that the all-important Jade Scroll of School History would actually be reduced to jade paper pulp at such a critical time and turned into summer vacation homework. Now that the homework had already been given to every Songhai city high school student, looking for all the pieces of the Jade Scroll of School History would be just like fishing for a needle in the sea.

In light of this problem, Headmaster Chen had released a radar app in the teachers' group chat which could lock onto the scroll's approximate location. But the scroll had been cut up into so many parts, so the response range was decreased accordingly: only when the scroll was within a range of fifty meters would the app respond.

And the lead teacher in charge of directing the teachers in the search for the Jade Scroll of School History naturally was Lao Gudong.

Lao Gudong had a good relationship with the kids and there wasn't any generation gap - he would even bring up the latest memes in class. It could be said that he was the teacher closest to the youngsters.

Headmaster Chen and Director Shi both felt that only Lao Gudong could take up this significant responsibility.

Lao Gudong clearly lived up to their expectations, and formulated a detailed search plan that very night: "Next, I've divided the teachers into several groups; the listing has been sent to the group chat. Take note, teachers: this has to do with our future benefits. I hope everyone will be meticulous during this summer breakt!"

Everyone looked at the list, which basically consisted of two-person teams. The division of labor was made very clear.

Fast food restaurant team, coffee shop team, library team, magic treasures and electronic shops team, spirit sword shops team... and most unbelievable of all, there was even an airport team. That was to say, even if there were students who had arranged to go overseas to copy homework, teachers could stop them on the spot...

"We don't have enough manpower." Some of the teachers checked the division of labor on the list. Even with all the teachers of Number 60 High sent out, they could only cover one district at most.

But there were twenty-two districts in Songhai city, and chain stores like fast food restaurants and coffee shops numbered in the thousands. Furthermore, their response range was only fifty meters. How long would their search take?

"Don't worry, teachers. Please trust my directions, and just do your work to the best of your abilities." Lao Gudong smiled confidently.

He was naturally well aware that he would have to look for external help in this situation, otherwise it would be very difficult for Number 60 High's teachers to complete this task on their own.

As for whom to go to for help... first of all, Zhuo Yi absolutely couldn't hear about this - Headmaster Chen had made this very clear when he had appointed Lao Gudong as chief commander.

Given that Zhuo Yi was a Number 60 High graduate, he might be biased when it came to rating the key city high schools, so he had to steer clear of activities related to Number 60 High for the next few months. Now, more than ever, Headmaster Chen couldn't let him know about the missing Jade Scroll of School History. For one thing, he didn't want Zhuo Yi to be troubled over this. For another, if the matter of their missing Jade Scroll of School History was exposed and the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools got wind of it, they wouldn't even qualify to be a key city high school candidate!

Thus, not only did they have to look for the Jade Scroll of School History, they had to do it secretly.

"Time to showcase my abilities."

On a rooftop on Number 60 High's school grounds, Lao Gudong's thoughts turned in his mind as he gazed at the setting sun.

A few minutes later, two figures flashed in front of Lao Gudong.

They were none other than the two disciples he was proud of, Killer Daoist and Bandit Evil.

" Shifu! " They dropped to one knee and cupped their fists in a salute.

"I've told you the specifics of the situation. How many people were you able to gather this time?"

"After Shadow Stream was taken down and their master caught, a lot of their assassins fled. Junior brother and I never stopped pursuing them until we caught and retrained them. Now is the time to put them to the test. Including the killer-level fellow brothers that have gathered, we have over two thousand people," answered Killer Daoist.

"Mm, well done. That's enough."

Lao Gudong nodded. "The point of the operation this time is secrecy. Once you find the summer vacation homework, you just need to steal it; it would be best if the kids don't find out. If you encounter a situation too hard to handle, you can sit tight and let me know, and I'll immediately send over any nearby teachers."

"Understood." The two nodded, then turned into shadows that dispersed.

This was Number 60 High's biggest opportunity to be promoted to a key city cultivation high school in a century, and no mishaps could be allowed to happen. Actually, what Lao Gudong cared about wasn't the teacher benefits, but the fact that after Number 60 High became a key city high school... he would be able to set up an official snack counter on school grounds!!! He could sell his snacks openly and aboveboard, and no longer have to sneakily sell them to the kids out of his drawer!

Headmaster Chen had already promised that as long as Lao Gudong could collect all of the Jade Scroll of School History during the summer break, he would be given the right to run the snack counter! — Latiao!

At that time, he would bring in a huge amount of latiao !

...

Elsewhere, after the Palace of Mirrors was destroyed, the black shadow army's plot seemed to have failed, but as Wang Ling had said, this was only the beginning.

It was what True Immortal She Pi had last said about the secret of "Shadow" that was the key to the entire incident.

There was a mysterious underground complex in the northern outskirts of Huaxiu nation.

This was an old tomb that had yet to be discovered: it was hidden very deeply and covered with all kinds of restrictions. After President Bai and the others came back to life, this old underground tomb, that didn't see the light of day, became their base of operations.

President Bai's eyes were fixed on a black shadow that flickered inside a mirror - this was the Almighty who had resurrected him and Devil Gut Fungus Lord back then, and who was now their boss.

"What do you want?" The person in the mirror spoke, his voice sounding like it belonged to a youngster.

"Your Excellency, after constant surveillance, my son has detected a fluctuation of Shadow. Although it's very weak, we can confirm that this is the fluctuation of Shadow that Your Excellency has been looking for."

"Shadow hasn't truly been born yet - continue monitoring the fluctuation for now. There's no need to look for me until the fluctuation reaches its peak. Also, during this period, don't interfere with the family in that villa. Before the time is right, I need them alive."

"Yes." President Bai nodded his head. "Also, I have one other thing to report."

"Speak."

"A new situation has arisen: earlier, all the killers on the international ranking list suddenly received the highest kill order and have gathered together. I suspect that this might have something to do with the fluctuation of Shadow; perhaps, they are also looking for the source of the fluctuation..."

"You can handle this sort of petty thing yourself. Just remember to do as I say."

"Yes..."





Chapter 1022 A Case Caused By Copying Homework (3)


This time, over two thousand killers had come together for a large-scale operation, regardless of qualifications or age, and President Bai found this fishy. To be able to command and move two thousand killers, it had to be those two epic-level killers in the circle who were behind this...

"Gorgeous Itinerant and Daoist Taotie..." President Bai immediately thought of these two fellow brothers.

"Does father think these two are in charge of this operation? But the rumor is that they've already cut off ties with each other," Bai Youquan murmured to himself. After rebuilding their base in this underground tomb, they had been secretly recruiting people from all over the place. With the Night Chief subordinates who had escaped before and some hidden Dark Network peak experts acting as a foundation, they set up a brand new black shadow army.

They also tried employing some killers, but none of those on the list of killers paid any attention to their invitation.

This was ample proof that these killers already had backers, or at the very least, that there was someone directing all their movements behind the scenes.

After the assassin organization Shadow Stream was wiped out, the party who could win over the hearts of the killers and unite all of them in a short period of time... President Bai and Bai Youquan couldn't think of anyone else except the two epic-level killers.

They wanted to monitor the fluctuation of Shadow, but the secret of the fluctuation was by no means known only to their family.

According to President Bai's investigation, while it seemed that Immortal She Pi had been executed back then, it might actually have been for the sake of hiding the secret of the "fluctuation of Shadow."

Perhaps, every country's cultivation government was already monitoring this matter in secret.

But how had this group of killers found out?

President Bai felt a little restless. His task was to ensure that no one interfered with the fluctuation of Shadow before it reached its peak. President Bai thus couldn't help but be exceptionally wary of this large-scale, collective killer operation.

"I might be worrying too much, but since His Excellency has permitted us to act, nothing can be allowed to go wrong."

President Bai's fingers incessantly tapped the bench that he was sitting on. "Dispatch someone at once. Whatever they're doing, they can't be allowed to succeed."

"Very well, father," Bai Youquan replied.

A few minutes later...

Inside the underground tomb, Bai Youquan came up with a new command plan for the black shadow army.

Black shadows overlapped each other in front of him, surging with the auras of multiple experts.

"This time, we have to stop the killers, but remember, this must be done undercover. Your identities must not be exposed. So, everyone has to take off the black shadow suit that signifies our organization. Change into something else to pass as killers yourself."

"Should we act together?" someone asked.

"No need."

Bai Youquan shook his head and said thoughtfully, "We will send in the same number of people as the other side. Keep an eye on one person each! If they don't make a move, neither will we! We just need to curb their movements! During the operation, be careful not to injure our own accidentally!

"Before the master plan is in place, everyone must please keep a low profile. If you run into a situation that you can't handle, you can report back to me."

"Yes, Captain Bai!"

Right after Bai Youquan was done speaking.

The layers upon layers of shadows in front of him, which were as black as crows, scattered on the spot.

...

Everything happened so suddenly. The moment Wang Ling saw the back of Teacher Pan, his mind swiftly and automatically filled in the big picture. This was the legendary "Great Mind Fill Spell." He truly wasn't deliberately peeking into Teacher Pan's thoughts; he just wanted to know whether Teacher Pan's appearance was coincidental or calculated.

From the conclusion of the Great Mind Fill Spell, it was clear that it was the latter.

And it wasn't just Teacher Pan; Wang Ling's "Great Mind Fill Spell" had even picked up on the operation that Lao Gudong was directing.

No wonder there were so many cultivators lurking nearby - Wang Ling had noticed them when he was walking down the street. They had hidden themselves completely in the dark street corners where the sun didn't shine.

It was this occupational habit which left Wang Ling in no doubt of their identities. He hadn't known at first what these people had shown up here for, since they didn't have any killing intent.

Given Wang Ling's abilities, he usually could immediately determine whether or not a killer harbored malicious intentions, no matter how well they could conceal their killing intent.

Now that he had the whole picture, Wang Ling suddenly understood.

It turned out that this group of killers... was here to freaking grab homework...

Using his identity as an epic-level killer, Lao Gudong had teamed up with his junior brother Daoist Taotie to get two thousand killers to spread out in all directions in the twenty-two districts of Songhai city...

Unexpectedly, such a large-scale operation had been launched all for the sake of homework...

Wang Ling took a deep breath. For the first time in his life, he felt a little suffocated...

At that very moment, Teacher Pan was right up ahead. Sticking his hands in his pockets, Wang Ling lowered his head slightly.

There were only a few individuals between him and Teacher Pan; if she turned around now, she would see him right away.

Things had become a little troublesome after all...

Wang Ling's pace was unhurried and he didn't act rashly. The killers dispatched by Lao Gudong were lying in wait in the shadows nearby. With so many eyes on him, any suspicious move he made would expose him.

As he passed a convenience store, Wang Ling turned and entered it.

He planned to wait for Teacher Pan to walk away a little further before ducking into the coffee shop.

Looking at the current situation, however, it didn't seem like Teacher Pan planned on leaving any time soon...

So Wang Ling took a cap out of his pocket and put it on his head.

Wang Ling actually didn't have this cap on hand to begin with - this was a magical ability called the "Great Creation Spell," which he could use to create whatever object he wanted out of spiritual energy. In theory, this spell could even create food, but the food would be tasteless.

At that moment, Wang Ling felt like he had turned into a spy.

To make his behavior look more natural, he picked up an original flavor crispy noodle snack packet from the shelf, paid for it, then went over to sit down at the snack table inside the convenience store.

But not long after he sat down, he suddenly heard Su Xiao's voice next to his ear. "Wang Ling?"

Su Xiao wasn't tall to begin with, and a white cloth was wrapped around his head. He was wrapped up tightly like a mummy, and was wearing sunglasses. Wang Ling almost didn't recognize Su Xiao, if it hadn't been for his voice.

"Ha ha ha, it looks like you didn't recognize me - that's a relief, then!" Su Xiao grinned.

Wang Ling: "..." This clearly looked even more suspicious!

"I got here before you, but unfortunately, I didn't make it into the coffee shop."

Su Xiao then pointed to the door, in Teacher Pan's direction. "I'm hiding from Old Pan, just like you."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 1023 Wang Ling, Do You Get Stronger In the Face of Strength?


As a pioneer teacher at Number 60 High, Teacher Pan was without doubt a capable and formidable woman. Wang Ling had to admit that when he first entered Number 60 High, he hadn't liked his teacher-in-charge of his. However, after prolonged association, he had discovered a side of Teacher Pan which no one knew. As for when his view of her completely changed, it was during the incident with Lao Gudong and his junior brother Daoist Taotie a few months ago.

Their quarrel had led to the Shuigou Sect incident, which affected a number of innocent students. It was during this very incident that Teacher Pan had proven to everyone that she was an outstanding teacher of the people of the cultivation world.

Nevertheless, there were times when she was very inflexible.

For example, she attached great importance to her students' grades.

And as another example, in an age of free love, she was inflexible about banning puppy love among her students.

But in this world, was there anyone who could be the best and most perfect person?

It could only be said that as a teacher-in-charge, Teacher Pan stood by her own teaching style.

Even though she was well aware that such insistence looked like "inflexibility" in the eyes of some students.

In the convenience store, Wang Ling looked out the window.

He felt that given Old Pan's personality, she would probably still go out to catch students copying homework even if the Jade Scroll of School History hadn't gone missing.

Su Xiao sent their location to Chen Chao in the group chat. "We're in the convenience store next to the coffee shop, but we can't get in..." After that, he sent a picture taken from the window of the convenience store. Although it wasn't very clear, it still caught half of Old Pan's back.

"..."

Inside the coffee shop, Chen Chao and Guo Hao were stupefied when they saw the photo.

Guo Hao: "Shit! Why is Old Pan at the entrance now... the summer break isn't over yet, right???"

Su Xiao: "Did they bring forward the period to catch people?"

Chen Chao was upset for a moment when he heard this; in the past few years, the teachers only started hunting down those copying homework close to the end of the summer break; it was happening a little too early this year.

Chen Chao: "Surely the teachers aren't that free? Maybe she has some other task? But to be on the safe side, let's end today's operation here and meet another day..."

"We have no choice, that's the only thing we can do." Guo Hao nodded his head.

These two crafty class fellows instantly turned into wusses in front of Old Pan, and Wang Ling couldn't help but sigh at their true nature.

But given the situation today, they indeed had no other choice, and Wang Ling could only leave with Er Ha first.

Getting to his feet, he looked down involuntarily, and his brain mind blank — unexpectedly, Er Ha had disappeared!

"The hell, Wang Ling, did you bring Er Ha with you?" At that moment, Su Xiao was struck by fright when he looked outside the convenience store.

At the convenience store entrance, Teacher Pan was rubbing Er Ha's chubby, green body... Poor Er Ha had been caught, and its face was full of despair as it stretched out its paws in the direction of the convenience store...

It had left Wang Ling just now to relieve itself at the base of a tree, and never expected to be caught by Teacher Pan on its way back to the convenience store.

To Er Ha, she was a scary woman... the reason it was able to become a dog back then was largely thanks to her.

Trouble always came in twos and threes! Who would have thought that Er Ha would once again fall into Teacher Pan's hands?

At the same time, Su Xiao saw Er Ha waving at the convenience store and was immediately anxious. "Shit! Don't wave in this direction!!! Old Pan will see everything!!!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Thus, what Wang Ling was most worried about still happened.

At Er Ha's waving, Teacher Pan finally noticed the two figures in the convenience store. She walked in with Er Ha in her arms and adjusted her gold-rimmed glasses. "Students Su Xiao and Wang Ling, why are you here?"

Despite her question, she didn't seem to think Su Xiao and Wang Ling were copying homework.

Su Xiao was the class commissary in charge of studies and a well-behaved kid, as well as the Dao talisman class representative, so Old Pan had a good impression of him at school.

As for Wang Ling, this kid didn't like to talk and his grades never changed; he was always in the middle in the class ranking. However, Teacher felt that he was an open and guileless kid, which was rare — at least, he didn't create havoc at school. Also, the most important thing was that Wang Ling's handwriting was very good — beautiful and neat. Thus, while Teacher Pan's impression of Wang Ling wasn't as good as of Su Xiao, she didn't detest him.

What was more, Wang Ling was the class mascot.

The sudden appearance of the class commissary and mascot naturally wouldn't arouse Teacher Pan's suspicions.

Furthermore, she didn't see any other students nearby, which excluded the possibility that they were lending their homework out to be copied.

Wang Ling: "..."

When Wang Ling heard Teacher Pan's thoughts, a few beads of cold sweat trickled out...

When all was said and done, she was a vanguard teacher of Number 60 High, and her instincts were absolutely spot-on.

"Hello, Teacher Pan!" Su Xiao hurriedly greeted her. "It's like this: Classmate Wang Ling was just about to come over to my place with Er Ha to play!"

"I see." Teacher Pan nodded.

Su Xiao had simply made up an excuse, but it was foolproof since his place indeed wasn't far from here. It was completely possible that Wang Ling had come with Er Ha to play with Su Xiao; Teacher Pan was even a little happy to hear that.

She thus said, "If it were anyone else, I would think they had come out to copy homework, but Su Xiao would never do such a foolish thing."

Wang Ling and Su Xiao: "..."

After that, Teacher Pan turned to Wang Ling and gave him a rare smile. "I never thought that Student Wang Ling could be so motivated."

Wang Ling: "???"

Teacher Pan: "Taking Er Ha out on such a hot day to look for Su Xiao, you probably have some study problem you want him to help you with?"

Su Xiao hurriedly nodded his head and replied very quickly, "Yes yes yes!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Su Xiao actually wasn't good at lying, but after hanging around Chen Chao and Guo Hao these two slick customers, this Student Su Xiao had completely turned into Peanut Oil...

Teacher Pan: "It's good to want to make progress. Your grades have always been right down the middle in class, and I find it strange that they've never changed. Looking at your previous test papers, your grades are always in the middle whether the questions are difficult or easy... Wang Ling, do you get stronger in the face of strength, and weaker in the face of weakness?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Er Ha: "..."

"But as long as you're motivated, I believe your grades will definitely improve." Teacher Pan nodded meaningfully before reaching out to rub Wang Ling's head lightly.

It was at that moment that her wristwatch suddenly vibrated.

It was in response to a fragment of the Jade Scroll of School History!

It was inside a range of fifty meters around them!

"Student Wang Ling, Student Su Xiao, I still have something urgent to deal with! We'll talk later! I'm leaving first!" After that, Teacher Pan directly summoned her spirit sword, stepped on it, and flew out of the convenience store with a whoosh.

...

At that moment, not far from the convenience store —

Sun Rong and Lin Xiaoyu, who hadn't shown up in the book for so long that even the author might have forgotten about them, were walking out of a mall hand-in-hand...





Chapter 1024 Sun Rong's Constitution


What was the ideal way to spend time with your best friend? It was probably like Lin Xiaoyu and Sun Rong's relationship: going to the bathroom hand-in-hand and strolling arm in arm through the mall with bags of different sizes.

This was the typical ideal of a best friend.

Especially during the holidays; was there anything better than going shopping together?

Lin Xiaoyu and Sun Rong walked arm in arm. Their trip to the mall today was very fruitful. This Huaguo Cultivation Mall was also a large shopping mall chain under Huaguo Water Curtain Group. If you brought Sun Rong along to buy stuff, her face could get you a discount.

A lot of shop assistants didn't know Sun Rong's true identity, but they were shocked when they saw this girl, who looked like she was still in high school, take out a diamond card from her storage pouch.

Huaguo Water Curtain Group had released less than a hundred of these diamond cards in the entire country. Cardholders could enjoy a premium Bill Me Later service; that was to say, you could take the item with you right away and pay later, and you could get a discount up to 50%.

Furthermore, you could pay in all kinds of ways, and even pay in instalments up to twenty years!! More relaxed than Huabei! — Mom doesn't have to worry about me becoming an online shopaholic!

"This time, it's all thanks to Rongrong 1 ! I have so many clothes I want to buy..."

1(A reminder that "rong" is "lotus" in Chinese..) "It's no big deal; you can take your time paying it back on the card."

"No problem! I won't take long! After I pair up two more couples next month, I'll get another commission!" Lin Xiaoyu was cheerful.

"..."

Actually, Sun Rong had heard about the business Lin Xiaoyu was running. To put it bluntly, she acted as an inter-school matchmaker and introduced individuals with the aim of dating

Lin Xiaoyu's business, moreover, covered a wide range. There were traces of her in almost all the high schools in Peiyuan district. Style, type, gender... You just needed to tell this Fujoshi Lin what you wanted, and your most suitable match would appear right away. In fact, Sun Rong had always felt that Lin Xiaoyu was awesome; she wasn't any ordinary fujoshi, but a techno-nerd fujoshi! Lin Xiaoyu had specially designed a dating app for this "high school romance matchmaking system"!

No one could have imagined that this dating app had been created by a high school student who was still at the Foundation Establishment level.

Lin Xiaoyu's monthly revenue from this app not only covered her tuition fees and living expenses, but could even support a family.

Feather was a pitiful girl from a single-parent household. Her parents divorced when she was very young, and she had to take care of her mother and older brother.

Lin Xiaoyu's mother raised these siblings and finally collapsed several years ago after years of toil. As for Feather's brother... Sun Rong remembered that he was disabled after he was unlucky enough to be hit in the spine by an object thrown out on the street when he was very young, causing him to lose all feeling in his lower body.

He had been too young to undergo rehabilitative surgery back then, and after missing the best time window for treatment, his injury was irreversible and there was no chance that his lower body would recover (Of course, if Wang Ling had been the one who was hit back then, that object would have bounced back and crushed to death the person who had thrown it.).

Anyone who heard about this household situation would feel pity, but Lin Xiaoyu didn't seem to care. She was a tough girl with a strong heart that even a man couldn't match.

Worried that her mother would collapse from exhaustion again, Lin Xiaoyu now had an auntie come in to help clean the house and push Brother Lin outside every day to bask in the sun.

" Sigh , who knows when someone will take a fancy to my big bro," Lin Xiaoyu said as the two girls walked out of the mall.

It wasn't easy to find a match for a disabled person. As far as Sun Rong knew, however, this Brother Lin had excellent grades.

He couldn't get into a cultivation college because of his disabled lower body, but in an ordinary school, his grades were among the best and he was a true curve wrecker.

"Seriously, Feather, do you want to try my family's pills? Who knows, your brother might be able to recover..."

"When I started earning money previously, I did ask him if he wanted to see a doctor again. My brother refused; he's used to being in a wheelchair." Lin Xiaoyu spread her hands and said, "But that doesn't matter - I believe that as long as I don't give up, I'll definitely be able to find my brother a boyfriend!"

Sun Rong: "Boy... boyfriend..."

Lin Xiaoyu: "In any case, he has no feeling in his lower body. If I don't find him a boyfriend, do you think I can find him a girl?"

"..."

Sun Rong now seemed to understand why it was very hard to find a match for this Brother Lin.

The two girls walked to the curb where the Huaguo Water Curtain Group car was already parked.

Apart from going out shopping together today, the two girls also discussed the summer holiday homework. This wasn't copying homework at all - the two girls were discussing how to write the essays for their summer holiday homework. Like everyone else, they also had to evaluate their classmates after a semester of getting along with one another.

When it came to evaluating Wang Ling, these two heroines were stumped...

After talking it over, they decided to come out today to discuss it further.

Just as they were about to get into the car, a familiar figure atop a streak of light flew in their direction at a speed that stunned them for an instant.

"Protect! Protect!" the driver in charge immediately bellowed.

The black car's trunk lid sprung open. It had been expanded with the Space Expansion Skill commonly used in the cultivation world, and all the bodyguards who had accompanied Sun Rong had been stuffed into the trunk. Hearing the command to protect, over ten burly men in black rushed out of the trunk to encircle Sun Rong and Lin Xiaoyu.

...

At that moment, the killers sent by Lao Gudong who were hiding in the dark also saw this scene.

"What do we do? That person seems to be a teacher from Number 60 High..."

"Gorgeous Itinerant said that he would personally pass on the killers' secret know-how to whoever grabs the homework! It's now or never!"

"Now or never! Go! In any case, we just need to grab the homework. Don't hurt anyone accidentally!"

...

On the other side, on another street corner, several youngsters in plain clothes were also paying attention to this chaotic scene.

"What do we do? The killers seem to be making a move..."

"Captain Bai said that no matter what they're going to do, we have to stop them! Even if they're offering a senior birthday greetings, we can't let them succeed! It's now or never!"

The black shadow soldiers responsible for tailing the killers took off the plain clothes they were wearing to reveal night outfits underneath. Someone shouted "Charge!" and they all rushed in Sun Rong's direction...

...

Just like that, in the blink of an eye, three different forces appeared on the street.

It was utter chaos...

"What is this..." Sun Rong covered her small mouth, stunned by the scene in front of her.

She saw numerous dark shadows flying toward her and Lin Xiaoyu from all sides.

"..." Lin Xiaoyu realized that Sun Rong seemed to have a constitution which attracted killers...





Chapter 1025 I. Am. A. Teacher!


Ever since the incident with the Shadow Stream assassins, extreme precautions had been taken when it came to Sun Rong's personal safety. Retrieving the Jade Scroll of School History was indeed very important, but the current situation had suddenly changed. As Number 60 High's vanguard teacher as well as Grade One, Class Three's homeroom teacher, there was no way Teacher Pan would stand by and watch! The safety of the students was always the top priority!

Even so, she was still shocked by the number of people - over a hundred killers had actually been hiding on a commercial street like this (It actually wasn't a hundred, but the black shadow soldiers and the killers were wearing very similar clothing, so Teacher Pan had completely lumped the two forces together.)?

Including the bodyguards dispatched by Huaguo Water Curtain Group, there were now three forces on this commercial street.

When you were heavily outnumbered, it was only right to retreat. Teacher Pan knew that the killers had absolutely come prepared for the assassin operation this time, but they would only hurt her students over her dead body! Otherwise, don't even think about it!

"Everyone! Please protect my two students and evacuate them safely!"

Teacher Pan raised her spirit sword as she stood alone as cover at the very front, her words directed to the group of bodyguards.

While these bodyguards were at the Golden Core stage, the professional bodyguards from security companies in most cases had accelerated realms: their foundations were shaky and they had pitifully little real combat experience. In a crisis, they could only surround their employer in a "parked bus" formation 1 according to the crisis plan provided by the company.

1("Parking the bus" in soccer refers to an ultra-defensive strategy. The Chinese term for it literally translates to "metal barrel.") What was the worst situation in a battle? Naturally, it was a set method!

No matter how amazing a set method was, it would eventually be seen through. These people were professional killers, who were wise in the ways of breaking formations and assassination - what could a parked bus formation do against these people?

Fortunately, it seemed that the assassins sent to kill Sun Rong only had a numbers advantage; Teacher Pan felt that she would still have a good chance of winning if it were a one-on-one match up, but now that she was outnumbered, her response strategy had to change.

"Teacher Pan!" The two girls were worried about Teacher Pan's safety.

Protected by numerous bodyguards, they retreated inch by inch along the wall on the street.

Teacher Pan gripped the spirit sword, and light reflected off her stylish gold-rimmed glasses. Looking at the hundred or so assassins out of the corner of her eye, she couldn't help the beads of cold sweat which trickled down her cheeks.

It was explicitly forbidden to fight on the streets. There was one exception, however, and that was reasonable self-defense!

"All of you! As long as I'm here, don't think that you can do anything to my students."

Saying that, Teacher Pan stuck the spirit sword into the ground.

She had never revealed her fighting capability in front of her students before. She had a pretty pure spirit root inside her — an earth spirit root! Cultivators with the earth spirit root used the forces of nature. A spirit root that was properly developed could both attack and defend! While it wasn't as lethal as the fire spirit root or as invulnerable as the metal spirit root's defense, it had well-rounded abilities!

The greatest advantage of the earth spirit root, moreover, was that it could disregard the terrain!

Even in a cultivation world, it was still earth that was under the feet of cultivators!

"What do we do?"

Neither the killers nor the black shadow soldiers planned to kill anyone. The former wanted to grab homework, while the latter wanted to block the killers.

They were two different forces, and enemies to boot... But Teacher Pan's appearance had thrown the battle situation into disarray and these two factions were both considered assassins!

"Sword wall!" Following Teacher Pan's low cry, the spirit sword in the ground began to tremble, and there was a violent sound of an earthquake on the street before a wall of earth tens of meters tall rose out of the ground. The wall resembled a precious sword, springing out of the ground like a bamboo shoot!

When the killers and black shadow soldiers heard Teacher Pan's words, the corners of their lips twitched.

Cheap... bitch 2 ...

2("Sword wall" and "cheap bitch" share the same pinyin.) How could this teacher of the people swear at others?!

Behind the earth wall, Teacher Pan was still on high alert. She didn't know how long the wall would be able to ward off the attack, but at least it could buy their side some time.

Someone had already sounded the alarm, and the cultivation police were on their way.

As soon as reinforcements arrived, the curtain would fall on this dramatic farce.

The leader of this group of killers knew they were running out of time. Whether they succeeded or failed, they could only give it a try. "You lot, jump over and cut them off! If there's an opportunity, grab the thing, otherwise retreat if there really is no other choice! The rest of you, follow me and stall this teacher and this bunch coming out of nowhere!"

With the clear assignation of tasks, the killers were promptly divided into two groups.

Seeing this, the black shadow soldiers also hurriedly split into two groups as they rushed over, but the killers who stayed behind were calm and fearless, and wouldn't let them leave.

"Brother! Do you have to do this? We all have masters to answer to; you should have sensed that we're not here to kill anyone," one of the black shadow soldiers said.

The two forces looked at each other, neither side giving way. The whole street had fallen into chaos and businesses shut their doors one after another, unwilling to get involved in the fight. Just then, sirens sounded in the distance.

How could such a brawl not attract the police's attention?

"Brother! The cultivation police station is sending people over. This sort of confrontation in public is distasteful!" one of the killers replied

"That's right, it's too distasteful!" The black shadow soldiers also agreed since they understood how serious the situation was

"Then how about we retreat? Let's fight another day!"

"Good! Retreat first! Everyone retreat on the count of three!"

Standing opposite each other, the leaders of both sides counted down from three to one, and the two groups vanished from the street together, escaping into the shadows.

As for the killers that had been sent after Sun Rong, they also chose to swiftly withdraw after hearing the sirens.

In the blink of an eye, the auras of both forces disappeared without a trace.

"They're professional assassins, after all..." Teacher Pan released the earthen sword wall she had set up. The sun shone again, and her figure cast a long shadow on the ground.

Wang Ling and Su Xiao looked at this scene from a distance. Chen Chao and Guo Hao also came out of the coffee shop. They had always had a very stereotypical impression of Teacher Pan, but everyone was now deeply moved.

"Teacher Pan..." Sun Rong and Lin Xiaoyu never expected that in such a moment, faced with over a hundred killers, Teacher Pan would step forward like a female knight. They also never thought that Teacher Pan's figure would become so tall and big on this day.

"It's nothing, I was just doing what I had to do."

Teacher Pan put the spirit sword away and pushed up her glasses. "I. Am. A. Teacher!"

"Old Pan!!"

Chen Chao shouted excitedly at the coffee shop entrance, "Old Pan! You're 2.8 metres 3 tall today!"

3(2.8m is slang for someone impressive or domineering, and is often used to describe someone who has done something admirable ..) Teacher Pan's smile vanished.

It could only be said that as a vanguard teacher of Number 60 High, Teacher Pan was in the end Teacher Pan; even when she was being praised, her expression was still composed.

She looked up at Chen Chao and Guo Hao standing at the coffee shop entrance and said, "So you've finally come out."

Chen Chao and Guo Hao: "???"

Teacher Pan: "Before I left the office, I heard you two making noise inside the coffee shop's private room about copying homework."

Chen Chao and Guo Hao: "..."

Teacher Pan: "Both of you, give me your homework. I'm going to wipe it clean."

Chen Chao and Guo Hao wanted to cry, but had no tears to shed.

They never thought that coming out today, not only would they fail to copy homework, the sections they had done would even be wiped completely clean...

Tragic!

Too tragic...

Wang Ling, Su Xiao, Sun Rong and Lin Xiaoyu observed a moment of silence for them.





Chapter 1026 Summon Team Leader Xiao Yin


Not only hadn't Chen Chao and Guo Hao these two slippery fellows gotten away with their plan, their whereabouts this time had been exposed, and they would probably become Old Pan's main target of surveillance in the days to come. After this incident, Wang Ling felt that rather than say that Teacher Pan was inflexible, it was more that she was a person with principles. The main problem with copying homework wasn't the failure to absorb knowledge, but that it easily bred laziness.

Once it developed into the "laziness cancer," then it really would be completely incurable...

When Foundation Establishment high school students entered the second semester of Senior Grade Two, they started to do wave after wave of practice exercises, as if they were stir-frying leftover rice1, which was bound to be boring and tedious. A lazy student might feel that to copy someone else's homework was to master the content already, when in fact there was no improvement at all.

1(To rehash something or serve up the same old product.) Review the old to understand the new.

The reason why Old Pan was so strict was so that the kids could get through the college entrance exam smoothly.

She didn't blame them for not understanding her intentions now; in any case, once the college entrance exam was over, gratitude and grudges alike would end with it.

Thus, it wasn't like Wang Ling hadn't obtained anything from this outing.

It gave him a little more understanding about the kind of person his homeroom teacher Old Pan was.

Teacher Pan's "vanguard teacher" title was a hot topic both in and outside school. After her ex-student Zhuo Yi made a name for himself in battle, Teacher Pan's career took off; she was awarded the title "City Gold-Class Teacher" several years running after that.

This selection naturally aroused criticism and dispute.

Some felt that Teacher Pan's abilities didn't live up to the title and she didn't deserve it at all; with her own hands, however, she had ultimately proven that she was indeed an outstanding teacher of the people.

Apart from understanding Old Pan a little better, Wang Ling had also gained something else.

While it had looked like one group coming to grab homework on the street, it was actually two different forces.

After the Palace of Mirrors incident, the black shadow army that had disappeared had revealed themselves here once again.

Someone else might not have been able to confirm that the second force among the group of killers were black shadow soldiers, but that definitely couldn't escape Wang Ling's eyes.

The other party had spent a long time setting up the Palace of Mirrors, but when it came down to the crunch, there wasn't any resistance at all and the entire army had retreated. The purpose behind this was very clear: the Palace of Mirrors was a stepping stone in a bigger plot.

This was a far trickier villain than any he had faced before; if the Night Chief task difficulty was S-level, Wang Ling felt that the reappearance of this black shadow army could be rated 3S for the time being.

"Are there two parties?"

That night, Wang Ling had a text message conversation with Lord Thunder.

The reappearance of the black shadow army was the greatest piece of news, because they still knew nothing about this force. They currently didn't know what this group's objective was, and any bit of information they could get was good.

Speaking of the Office of Strategic Deception gathering information, this was handled by the intelligence team, and the team leader was Xiao Yin. But in truth, Xiao Yin just supervised the Lord and Lady of the Castle. Before Mo Immortal Castle was annexed by the Office of Strategic Deception, it had once been the largest intelligence organization in Huaxiu nation and even enjoyed a good reputation overseas.

After being annexed, their intelligence network wasn't impaired; on the contrary, it was enhanced with funding. However, the Office of Strategic Deception didn't keep this intelligence network to itself; apart from private commissions, which weren't made public, the intelligence, for the most part, was also shared with Huaxiu Alliance.

For example, the intelligence on the black shadow army this time.

With the other party exposing themselves in Songhai city, the crucial task now was to track down their base.

"Don't worry, Brother Ling, I'll take care of it," Lord Thunder vowed. He realized that right now, the black shadow army was a formidable enemy which would likely become a problem for the Office of Strategic Deception in the future. Thus, before the real war broke out, it was crucial for them to learn everything about this group.

When it came to gathering information, Wang Ling actually had a second task he wanted carried out. It was a private matter, however, so Wang Ling didn't go into detail with Lord Thunder, and decided to wait for Xiao Yin first.

It was actually about Number 60 High's missing Jade Scroll of School History. Teacher Pan had already made up a reason and taken Sun Rong's homework back with her, but Er Ha had smelled something on the exercise book.

Exercise books that had bits of the Jade Scroll of School History mixed into them were clearly different from the rest. Wang Ling thought that if Er Ha and Xiao Yin teamed up for a search, they should be able to find all the fragments of the scroll very quickly.

Lao Gudong's detector, which had been developed by the office of academic affairs, only had a fifty-meter range, to say nothing of how dangerous it was with the dispatched killers lurking all over Songhai city. But Er Ha and Xiao Yin were different; after being raised by Wang Ling, Er Ha was almost on the level of a quasi-holy beast, while Xiao Yin was a holy beast to begin with.

Holy beasts aside, a quasi-holy beast's level of aura perception was already very acute, and was even more accurate than some magical instruments.

Wang Ling hadn't planned to get involved in school matters at first.

But he decided to help out this time.

Not for Number 60, or for Headmaster Chen, but for Old Pan.

...

Xiao Yin had been holed up inside Lord Thunder's villa ever since the Beast King's Remains incident. Occasionally, he would go to the Office of Strategic Deception's Internet cafe to test out Cultivation Emulator with Bai Qiao.

Cultivation Emulator's first trial run had been a success, garnering a lot of good reviews from players. However, the virtual pod's mind link function had to be made more stable for a better gaming experience, so the beta test was postponed yet again.

Actually, quite a number of big shots among the internal staff had participated in the first trial run.

For example, Holy Beast King and Daoist Guang.

While Holy Beast King had been rescued from his seclusion and was no longer trapped inside an endless plot loop in his game world, he had been trapped for too long, and had completely become a gamer shut-in. Furthermore, he had become obsessed with live streams and was now a fan of Daoist Guang.

As for Daoist Guang, he was now at his peak.

His number of believers could already make one loop around the earth.

But it seemed that Daoist Guang still had no intention of being resurrected - it was too much fun being a live streamer!

Xiao Yin also kept himself busy; after becoming addicted to Father Wang's novels, he started to write his own stories. He loved sharing them with Lord Thunder, and would sometimes read it in the latter's face, looking for praise.

"Thunder, Thunder! Look! What about this section I wrote? Master will definitely like it!"

This was the sentence Lord Thunder heard the most from Xiao Yin recently.

Lord Thunder wasn't familiar with raising holy beasts, but he had come to realize that no matter how good he was to Xiao Yin, Master was still number one in the latter's heart. Honestly speaking, Lord Thunder felt a little jealous sometimes.

Xiao Yin was slouched somewhat dispiritedly on the sofa in the morning; he was feeling a little weary after going out several days in a row to collect materials around the clock.

"Brother Xiao, you should slow down..."

"I don't have a choice; collecting materials is like this, but you don't need to worry about me." Xiao Yin waved his hand.

Then, he slowly got up from the sofa and struggled to change his clothes to go out. "Thunder, I'm leaving... I won't be back for dinner."

"It's only seven in the morning; where are you going so early?" Lord Thunder was startled.

"I checked my inbox earlier, and I just saw Master's text... I need to hurry over."

"Your aura is so weak, are you really alright?"

"Hm, I do seem a little down... this isn't like me..."

After saying that, Xiao Yin bit his finger and sucked the holy beast blood that trickled out. After that, he bounced back to life as his expression glowed once again and he brimmed with vitality.

He ran to the door. "I'm leaving!!!"

Lord Thunder: "..."





Chapter 1027 Xiao Yin Obediently Enters the Police Station


After so long, Xiao Yin finally received a message from Master, which made him very excited. Naturally, he had to be 100% hyped up to complete the task that Master had given him.

Unless a cultivator was sitting in meditation to regulate their breathing, even they would feel uncomfortable staying up for long periods of time. But Xiao Yin had the heart of a holy beast, and thus wasn't too worried that he would suddenly keel over dead. However, there were still some side-effects from staying up late, like black circles under the eyes, obesity caused by a declining metabolism, depression and so on... But these didn't mean anything to Xiao Yin; as long as he drank his own blood, he would be full of energy again.

If he took the earliest spirit bus, he should be able to get to Master's house before noon! Previously, Xiao Yin had tried various ways of getting to the Wang family's small villa, but found that the spirit bus was the most convenient. If he flew on a sword or drove himself, he couldn't play with his phone on the road, and taxis were too expensive; he would rather spend that money on takeout.

The spirit bus was different. This sort of mass transport was more cost-efficient. Moreover, he could play games on the way! Actually, taking the subway was also good, but the Wang family's small villa was in too remote a location, which the subway didn't go through.

Most importantly, Xiao Yin really didn't want to be taken to the police station again - he had realized a very serious problem.

As long as he went out alone, he would definitely be taken to the cultivation police station for a chat...

For Xiao Yin, the police station's lunchboxes already weren't anything new.

"Not going online today?"

Xiao Yin got on the bus. As soon as he turned on his phone, he saw that Miss Bai Qiao had sent him a new text.

*Cultivation Emulator'*s beta test had already entered the second round, and Bai Qiao wanted Xiao Yin to go over to the Internet cafe and help her test it out.

The reply she got was naturally Xiao Yin turning her down. "No, Master's looking for me today."

"Alright." Bai Qiao expressed her understanding. "Then I'll look for Old Guang and your boss."

The "boss" she was referring to was Beast King, which was a title that everyone had settled on after discussion to conceal his identity.

As long as Beast King was alive, there was still a chance for the holy beast race to reemerge.

They needed an opportunity; more than that, it required Beast King pulling himself together and assuming the responsibility of lifting up the race. But getting Beast King to pick himself up might not be so easy after the holy beast race had been thoroughly "persecuted" in the game...

Of course, as the boss, Beast King had already thought about abdicating and getting Xiao Yin to take over as the new "Beast King," but Xiao Yin was just an 8000-year-old baby and had a long way to go before he reached the age of inheritance.

But Xiao Yin actually didn't care about this, and had no interest in the position of "Beast King."

How comfortable was his life now?

Learning from Master, staying at Lord Thunder's place, eating takeout, drinking fat nerd happy water1, playing games... how blissful was his life?

1(The internet buzzword for "Coke.") Xiao Yin started up Arknights. He heard that today was Bilibili's tenth anniversary, and Arknights was giving out a headhunting permit, five recruitment tags, and twenty mid-tier EXP cards to each player.

Xiao Yin thought this game was still pretty thoughtful.

He then started recruiting with the extra prizes.

In a flash of cool, dazzling animation effects — white light +1, green ticket +52!

2(Basically crappy stats for the game..) Thoughtful my foot!!

Xiao Yin roared inwardly and stomped his foot angrily where he was sitting.

"Mommy, mommy, that brother isn't wearing shoes!" A cute boy on the side pointed at Xiao Yin's pure white feet. His mother had in fact already noticed them, and her face revealed some embarrassment, but she still told her child not to point at other people as it was quite impolite.

Xiao Yin himself knew that this wasn't a good habit, but as a pure-blooded holy beast, he didn't wear shoes in his beast form! And the most important thing was that his hooves were very hard. He was barefoot in his human shape, but the soles of his feet were so thick that he didn't feel any pain when he was walking. Conversely, wearing shoes gave him a strange sense of being bound.

Modern society was already very open; it was a person's free choice to not wear shoes, and no one could interfere. Besides, it wasn't as if Xiao Yin's feet smelled or something, and he felt that since it didn't affect anyone else, it was fine.

Just as he was thinking this, there was suddenly a very strong stench from behind his seat...

It was a white collar worker in a black suit. Out of the corner of his eye, Xiao Yin saw this white collar brother surreptitiously take off his shoe, unnoticed by anyone else, and scratch the sole of his foot, which suddenly itched for some reason or other.

Then, the stench wafted out...

The next second, everyone in the bus turned to look at Xiao Yin, who wasn't wearing shoes.

After glaring for several dozen seconds, the spirit bus driver uncle also couldn't take it any longer. He turned to look for the culprit who was the source of the stench, and Xiao Yin was the first person to catch his eye. "Little brother, can you please put on your shoes?! Otherwise, please get off!"

Xiao Yin felt very wronged. "It's not me..."

"You're the only one without shoes on the whole bus. Who else could it be?" That shameless white collar brother sitting behind Xiao Yin echoed the bus driver's sentiments.

Instantly, the whole bus flared up.

"Get off!"

"Hurry up and get off! It stinks!"

"It really isn't me!" Xiao Yin was furious.

He absolutely couldn't get off halfway. There weren't any bus stops on the way, and if he got off here, he wouldn't be able to reach the Wang family's small villa before noon.

The driver uncle pinched his nose, a resentful look on his face.

Confronted with this sort of unreasonable passenger, he wouldn't provoke him, for if he did and they scuffled, it was the entire bus of passengers who would suffer.

When the driver saw that Xiao Yin wasn't cooperating, he didn't hesitate to press the alarm button on the driver's seat.

The nearest cultivation police station instructed a patrol officer nearby to hurry over, and the latter arrived at the scene roughly two minutes later.

Standing atop a flying sword, the police uncle wore a professional smile. "Sir, please follow us back to the cultivation police station. We suspect that you're carrying a biological weapon."

Xiao Yin: "..."

...

Wang Ling had asked Xiao Yin to come over to team up with Er Ha and search for the whereabouts of the black shadow army as well as help the teachers of Number 60 High find the remaining fragments of the Jade Scroll of School History. Realistically speaking, the black shadow army's appearance on the streets would naturally attract the attention of the cultivation police.

The shadow army and a large number of assassins had moved in from opposite directions at the same time, but hadn't hurt anyone on the street - such an act could only be labeled an utter "conspiracy."

After the incident that day, Teacher Pan, Sun Rong and Lin Xiaoyu had been taken to the cultivation police station to record their statements.

After detailed questioning, the three of them returned to their respective homes.

At the police station, Officer Gao studied the statements all the way until the next day. He felt that there was something fishy about the matter - maybe he should report it to his superiors.

Just as he was about to make a phone call, a familiar figure flashed past his office door.

"The brother at the door, wait!" Gao Mu thought he had seen someone familiar.

The patrol officer in charge of escorting Xiao Yin walked into the office and said, "It's like this, we found him on the spirit bus earlier..."

"Screw found! Hurry up and let him go!" This was already Gao Tian's nth time seeing Xiao Yin inside the police station.

And the outcome each time was a "misunderstanding"!

Of course, that wasn't the most important thing - the most important thing was that the police station would become short of a huge amount of lunchboxes!!

"Huh?" The patrol officer was obviously clueless.

When Xiao Yin saw Officer Gao inside the office, he was very happy. "Ahahaha! So it's Officer Gao! Why are you in this branch? Weren't you at Anning District Cultivation Police Station?"

"I, I was promoted..."

"Congratulations! Since you've been promoted, does that mean the canteen in this police station is bigger?"

"..."

"Are there any new lunchboxes? Give me twenty, thanks."

"You damn... aren't you pushing it?" Officer Gao's lips twitched.

"Not really - you don't investigate the facts properly and you bring me in because of a misunderstanding every time. I'm not asking for compensation for psychological damage, I just want something to eat. Is that too much to ask?"

Officer Gao: "..."





Chapter 1028 Xiao Yin Helps Crack a Case


Since the advent of an era of national cultivation, order in the cultivation world no longer depended completely on strength, where the strong were revered and held power. In this era, realm didn't mean anything. Strong cultivators who acted immorally or against the law would also be severely punished.

Peace.

This was what all cultivators on Earth worked toward, but there were also those who liked to act recklessly and break the law. The cultivation police was thus a necessary existence.

Apart from specially deploying civil police, the cultivation police had a large cultivator patrol team under their banner — the Immortal Arts Mobile Squadron.

This was the most basic-level position in the cultivation police, and a huge number of police officers comprised this group. Every day, they diligently patrolled the areas assigned to them on their flying swords in order to protect the city. The moment they received an alert, they could promptly dispatch people to check out the situation.

Zhuo Yi had in fact been a member of the Immortal Arts Mobile Squadron before.

In order to enter a government department, most cultivators had to start with the Immortal Arts Mobile Squadron. It was just that Zhuo Yi had lucked out; he had just passed the cultivation police assessment after graduating from university, and not long after obtaining an internship with the Immortal Arts Mobile Squadron... the Gate Between Worlds descended.

And then... there was no "and then."

Zhuo Yi became a hero of the times.

As for Officer Gao Tian, he wasn't as lucky as Zhuo Yi. However, his luck seemed to have changed; he had always felt that meeting Mr Xiao Yin was his misfortune, but in some sense, he had to admit that after encountering this Mr Xiao Yin, his career seemed to be progressing a lot more smoothly.

It took him five years to be promoted from the Immortal Arts Mobile Squadron to a second rank officer in the cultivation police. He didn't have to go out every day, and instead was responsible for handling easy call-ins from residents in the vicinity. After another five years, he then became a frontline police officer, and was responsible for dealing with online public sentiment at the main office.

In short, he was in charge of running all the official media accounts of the local police station and screening eye-catching rumors on WeMedia. Occasionally, he needed to ask his female colleague to help take selfies of herself to prove that the person running the official accounts was a lovely little sister police officer and not a rough fellow sitting guard in front of the computer with a bowl of instant noodles in his hands.

Of course, there were times when his colleagues from other departments were busy, and Gao Tian had to go help out with work like interrogation. For example, the last few times Xiao Yin was interrogated, it was Officer Gao who had offered to help out, which was how he had run into Xiao Yin.

His work day after day was dry and dull, but as an outstanding first rank cultivation police officer, Officer Gao was quite content. A first rank police officer could be promoted to a first rank police superintendent and get their own office. Gao Tian initially thought that it would take him another five or even ten years to reach that level.

Who would have thought that in the end, after arresting Xiao Yin twice, his leader would suddenly call him up one day and promote him.

When Officer Gao received the call, he was excited.

The senior officer on the other end told him that because of a change in personnel, there happened to be a vacant position for a police superintendent in another district. After careful screening, they determined that he had the best merits and overall performance, and thus promoted him.

Gao Tian didn't know whether this had anything to do with Xiao Yin.

But there indeed was a belief that silver-horned beasts could bring luck to the people around them.

The luck was like a widespread WIFI signal that could be absorbed by others. And so, after other people absorbed Xiao Yin's luck, he himself became very unlucky...

This was also why, whenever Xiao Yin went out, he would wind up in the police station. There were too many people around him, sucking away his luck! Conversely, he wouldn't run into any sort of problem if he was a shut-in who was holed up at home.

In the end, Gao Tian still ordered twenty lunchboxes from the canteen for Xiao Yin on his meal card. Actually, what Xiao Yin said was indeed true — they had caught the wrong person, so they needed to compensate him... What was more, after this Brother Xiao Yin was inspected, his feet indeed didn't smell.

When he bought the meals, Gao Tian took Xiao Yin to a pond next to the police station to verify it.

If his feet really stank, the fish in the pond would absolutely flip over belly up. In the end, some of the lotuses in the pond even bloomed, to say nothing of dead fish, and the crowd of police personnel was stupefied.

"After you're done eating, hurry up and leave." Gao Tian's mood was sour as he put the lunchboxes in front of Xiao Yin with a defeated air. He knew that with Xiao Yin's appetite, a mere twenty portions was far from enough.

Xiao Yin didn't stand on ceremony as he hadn't had breakfast before going out; an appetizer before hurrying over to Master's place wasn't bad. The food at the police station was always good; even if Xiao Yin had eaten it before, he found it delicious since it was free.

Although Xiao Yin knew it was a bit shameless to say so, but was there anything better than free food?

As he ate, Xiao Yin gazed at the worried frown on Gao Tian's face.

The truth was that Gao Tian currently had two cases to deal with.

The first was the wide-scale clash between the killers and the mysterious force that had happened within Officer Gao's jurisdiction yesterday. Just as he was about to report it to his superiors, Xiao Yin had shown up. It was only now that Officer Gao finally sent the report as an official internal email.

But they didn't have to rush with this first case. Not only didn't Officer Gao have any clues, he still had to wait for instructions from his superiors.

It was actually the second case that was a real headache for Gao Tian.

This was a serial murder case that had happened within his jurisdiction. Currently, all the residents of an entire apartment building were suspects, but the fact was that Officer Gao was unable to find any substantial evidence.

The mastermind behind the serial murders was very crafty; their arrangements were meticulous and their plots well thought out. There weren't even signs that magic had been used to wipe down the scene, which was ample proof that the mastermind hadn't left the slightest bit of evidence behind from the very first murder, and hence didn't need to use magic to clean up the crime scene.

"What kind of case is it?" Xiao Yin chewed on a braised pork meatball, eyes fixed on Gao Tian.

Gao Tian: "Mr Xiao Yin, this is an internal police matter."

"I know, but that doesn't mean you can't look for outside help," Xiao Yin said as he ate. "Don't look down on me; I'm actually also a team leader of the Office of Strategic Deception. Maybe I can help you."

"The Office of Strategic Deception?"

Gao Tian was blank for a moment before he immediately stood up in shock.

He was sure he hadn't heard wrong.

That was the super sect that had been set up in the shortest amount of time in the cultivation world, and the fastest to jump up to the top as the number one light force.

Gao Tian never expected Xiao Yin to actually be one of them, and part of the cadre to boot.

Pondering it carefully, he then had a terrifying thought.

He remembered that the last two times Xiao Yin had been taken to the police station, the person who had helped bail him out... it seemed to be the Chief of the Office of Strategic Deception, Lord Thunder?





Chapter 1029 The Pain of Male and Female Shut-ins


"Is it here?"

In the end, Gao Tian still brought Xiao Yin to the apartment where the crime took place.

Xiao Yin felt that the area was familiar. He wasn't mistaken — he had been here before.

"Is there a family apartment block nearby? I have a friend living there," said Xiao Yin

"That's right." Gao Tian nodded.

It was also one of the main reasons why his superiors had charged him to solve these serial murders as quickly as possible and find the culprit.

Those who lived in the family apartments were all retired high-ranking civil servants in Huaxiu's political circle. Such a major homicide case in this jurisdiction was a major disruption in the lives of these retirees and was a security issue for the surrounding area.

Actually, the crime rate in Songhai city was very low, and the odds of a murder case happening even rarer. This was yet another reason why the higher-ups attached great importance to this case. Everyone knew that the area which this "family apartment block" was in would have excellent public security, yet despite knowing this, the murderer had still decided to act here. It was obvious that the murderer was extremely confident in his methods, and this could even be described as taunting the judicial system in contempt of the laws of the cultivation world.

Xiao Yin and Gao Tian stood at the entrance of the apartment building where the murders had taken place. There were six floors in all, and was called Divine Leisure Apartments.

"Take me in for a look." Xiao Yin took out his phone to check the time.

"Are you in a hurry?"

"I need to get to East Huang Road by noon, so I have to solve the case by eleven."

"..." Gao Tian took a deep breath. It was already nine o'clock now... Solve the case in two hours, do you think you're Detective Conan? Even Conan needs twenty minutes!

But since they were already here, Gao Tian thought it was fine to show Xiao Yin around. In any case, he himself had planned to check out the crime scene again.

When they entered the residential building, Xiao Yin noticed that a temporary police box had already been set up at the security office on the first floor. The civil officers all straightened and saluted when they saw Gao Tian. "Captain Gao!"

"Have all the names been taken down?"

"Everything's going to plan," answered a police officer.

Without concrete evidence at the moment, all the residents in the building were treated as suspects and would be monitored when they went out. Their comings and goings had to be noted down until the culprit was found.

The arrangement served two purposes: to pick up any clues on the culprit as well as to safeguard the other residents. Now that there was a police box downstairs, the murderer presumably wouldn't dare act again for the time being.

"Give me a police staff pass," said Gao Tian.

An officer at the police box took down Xiao Yin's name and then gave him the pass. "Excuse me, Captain Gao, this is...?"

"An outside expert from the Office of Strategic Deception. I've invited him here to see whether he can help us find some leads," replied Gao Tian.

"An expert from the Office of Strategic Deception..." The officers exchanged startled looks.

Xiao Yin took the pass and hung it around his neck before lying down and sniffing the ground. As Gao Tian had told him on the way here, three people had died in this building recently, and Xiao Yin could clearly discern their scents.

The blood of the dead usually gave off the scent of resentment; normal cultivators wouldn't be able to pick it out, but Xiao Yin as a holy beast could.

Xiao Yin got to his feet and clapped his hands together.

"Three people really did die. I thought you were lying to me."

"So you lay on the ground to..."

"To sniff out the scents and confirm the facts. They each died on the second, third and fifth floors, right?"

"..." This was Gao Tian's first time seeing a case handled this way.

But he had to admit that Xiao Yin was really amazing: just by sniffing the ground on the first floor, he could tell that the murders had taken place on the second, third floor and fifth floors. This wasn't something an ordinary person could do.

On their way to the apartment building, he had told Xiao Yin how many people had died, but not the exact floors where the murders happened.

"Follow me."

Gao Tian nodded and led Xiao Yin up the stairs to start investigating each floor.

"The first victim was a Golden Core cultivator in Unit 202, a young man who was 440 years old. He was an alchemist by profession, and basically never went out. When he died, the pills in his furnace were only half done and the kitchen ventilator was working normally. The first thing we did was to extract the smoke from the range hood, and we detected a minute trace of dark night spice."

"Dark night spice?"

"It's a banned drug sold on the Dark Network; just a pinch is enough to cause hallucinations. Unfortunately, we didn't find any signs of a break-in, and didn't find any clues on the alchemist's body - it was burned instantly when the murderer threw it straight into the pill furnace after the deed."

Gao Tian said, "The only thing we can determine, from the bloodstains left after the fight between the alchemist and the murderer, is that he was the first murder victim."

"Someone he knew?"

"Not very likely. This alchemist was usually a loner; furthermore, he wasn't local to this area. Even his neighbors don't know much about him. To everyone else, he was a very mysterious man."

"So the problem now is that you don't know how the murderer broke into his place and killed him without leaving any traces behind, is that right?"

"Mm, that's one of the issues."

Gao Tian spoke as he walked. "After committing the first murder in Unit 202, the murderer only struck again twenty-four hours later on the third floor. The person who died was Li Daofei, an online live streamer. Like the alchemist, she also seldom went out. Her main source of income was live streaming and she would usually do some tricks like swallowing spirit swords. But the murderer hadn't expected Li Daofei to be live streaming at the time. She was killed when she opened the door. Her fans heard a loud noise, and when she didn't come back after a while, they called the police.

"The third victim was a programmer. Likewise, the murderer only acted again after another twenty-four hours. At that time, we were already in the initial stages of our investigation. The murderer committed the third murder right under our noses, which was a blatant provocation."

"They all worked from home?" Xiao Yin trembled, since he also liked to hole up at home. He never thought he would see three shut-ins killed, just like that... Now, he finally understood how the term "damn shut-in 1 " came about.

1(死宅 literally translates to "dead shut-in .. ") What was wrong with being a shut-in?

Was there anything wrong with just staying at home?

Xiao Yin grit his teeth as he pondered how he could destroy this murderer.

At that moment, he abruptly looked up the stairs. "The fourth."

"The fourth what?"

"On the sixth floor - I can smell the fourth victim," said Xiao Yin.





Chapter 1030 Murder Through The Screen


Gao Tian couldn't help gritting his teeth. The murderer really had guts, striking in broad daylight! Most importantly, he actually dared to commit the crime even when the police were already camping out in the apartment? He was completely looking down on them.

Xiao Yin rushed up with Gao Tian. At Unit 605, which was a suite, Xiao Yin could smell the strong scent of blood inside. He kicked the door open with one bare foot. He didn't use a lot of strength, but the entire door was sent flying into the living room wall.

Gao Tian hurriedly summoned his police sword and rushed in. The police sword was standard issue for a first rank superintendent. The hilt was shaped just like the grip of a gun, and the sword could be used as a gun or as a close combat weapon. Once a person was used to it, the sword could even transform into an anti-explosion spirit shield, and had a variety of other uses.

Worried that the murderer was still around, Gao Tian was on high alert as he moved forward slowly, his spirit sword in hand. Gao Tian and Xiao Yin then saw a young man lying back in a computer chair, his neck at a crooked angle - it had been cut, and the blood had sprayed onto the computer screen. Although his windpipe had been cut, it wasn't completely severed.

Hearing them come in, the young man began to struggle desperately. He couldn't speak, and there was utter panic on his face.

"Don't be scared, I'm a police officer!" Gao Tian pressed down on the young man's shoulder. He took out all his equipment and began to give the latter first aid. Until now, no one knew what the murderer looked like or how he was killing people - if they could save this young man, it would be a major breakthrough for this case!

It had to be said that Gao Tian was still very calm as he didn't lose his head. However, Xiao Yin looked at the bottles and jars scattered on the ground and frowned. "Are these things useful?"

"His windpipe has been cut open and I've already called an ambulance. This is just basic first aid." To be honest, even Gao Tian himself didn't know if the young man would survive.

Xiao Yin's eyelids dropped slightly. After thinking for a while, he bit his finger and squeezed out two drops of holy beast blood, one for the young man's neck and the other for the corner of his mouth. With a burst of spirit power, the blood turned into vapor, and the young man's wound began to heal at a visible rate.

"This is..." Gao Tian was astonished.

"Don't tell anyone." Xiao Yin looked at Gao Tian.

He didn't know whether he had done the right thing.

After all, by treating an outsider with his blood, he risked exposing his identity.

"Thanks." Gao Tian nodded and didn't say anything more.

The two drops of holy beast blood brought the young man back from the brink of death. He was petrified, but grateful at the same time. Thankfully, he hadn't seen how he had been saved; he only felt that this brother with silver hair behind him seemed to have dropped something on his wound. It then felt like he had come back to life and his breathing started to smooth out.

He must have used some sort of secret medicine, right?

That was what the young man thought.

As someone who had walked on the edge of hell, the young man wouldn't think too much and didn't care at all how he had been saved - all he knew was that he was incredibly lucky to still be alive!

Gao Tian then began questioning this young man who had been in distress. He turned on the recording function on the police sword, and a red light started to blink on it.

Xiao Yin's lips twitched. This sword... was so omnipotent!

"What's your name? Age? Job?"

"My name is Shen Guangrong. I'm graduating from a Golden Core university this year, and I'm currently working on my graduation project at home."

"What's your major?"

"Spirit sword modeling and design; I'm in the department of magic treasure design, and I specialize in designing the appearance of a magic treasure."

"Mm." Gao Tian nodded. "You don't have to be afraid. Since we're here, the murderer won't do anything to you again. Can you tell us what happened?"

The young man clenched his fists and sweat started to appear on his forehead.

To be honest, the attack had been so quick. It happened practically in the blink of an eye, and he had no idea what was going on.

"I'm sorry, officer, I didn't see what the murderer looked like..." said Shen Guangrong. He then looked at the laptop in front of him with lingering fear. "A pair of hands suddenly stretched out from the computer. Before I could react, they started attacking me with a knife and my throat was cut..."

"Screen murder?"

Gao Tian was shocked. "What did the hands look like?"

"They were hairy and a little dark... They looked like the hands of a middle-aged man. The fingernails were very long and had some blood under them."

"It looks like it has to be the same murderer." Based on the details provided by this Student Shen Guangrong, Gao Tian determined that the person who had attacked the former was the suspect in the serial murders.

From the detailed description of the hands, the suspect should be a dark-skinned man who was 1.7 meters in height, of medium build, and about 130 jin in weight. The murderer hadn't cleaned off the bloodstains under his fingernails - he probably regarded them as a "badge" of sorts, and couldn't bear to wash them off. From this, Gao Tian determined that the murderer was one hundred percent mentally ill.

But killing people through the screen...

Gao Tian had never encountered this technique before.

There were a lot of techniques in the cultivation world. To kill someone through the screen, you had to convert your body into spirit fiber... Such spells weren't unheard of. A lot of cultivation delivery companies provided this service of transmitting express deliveries through the screen, but the problem was that the items transmitted were all non-living things; a person's body had to be broken down into something as insubstantial as spirit fiber before it recombined on the other side of the screen. In Gao Tian's view, this was playing with fire.

In addition, if living bodies really could be transmitted through the screen, the network police would be able to detect it instantly, given the level of Songhai's cultivation technology

Gao Tian knew what the murderer's MO was now. It was true that killing people through a screen could be done quietly and would leave no traces behind, but the murders still didn't make sense.

Take university student Shen Guangrong for example, who had just been attacked. The murderer cut his throat, which was very similar to how the programmer on the fifth floor had died.

However, this didn't match the alchemist and the female live streamer who had died earlier. The alchemist's place was designed in a classic style and didn't have anything like a computer screen - the murderer must have broken in some other way.

As for the female live streamer, if she really had been killed through the screen, she should have died right in front of her audience. However, it was confirmed that she was killed when she opened the door.

One murderer, using two completely different killing methods. Was this really possible? Was the murderer trying to mislead them? Or was it in fact two murderers from the very beginning?





Chapter 1031 Literary Homework's Thought-Provoking Questions


There were two murderers?

Gao Tian felt that he wasn't far from the truth now.

To be honest, if Xiao Yin wasn't here, the suspect might still be leading them around by the nose. But now that they knew the suspect's MO, everything seemed to make a lot more sense, and it was time for the police to get busy.

The next thing they had to do was set a trap for the suspect.

Thanks to Xiao Yin, Gao Tian could deliver a report on the first stage of the investigation that very day after returning to the police station. The person who followed him back to the station was university student Shen Guangrong, who had narrowly escaped death.

Worried that Shen Guangrong would be targeted again, Gao Tian immediately decided to take him back to the police station and protect him as an important witness. For Shen Guangrong, however, this was bad luck; at such a critical point in his graduation project, who would have thought that something like this would happen.

"I will now report the current situation."

In the conference hall, dozens of high-ranking police officers sat upright below the dais while Gao Tian as the commander of this operation stood at the very front. "With the help of Team Leader Xiao Yin from the Office of Strategic Deception, we've found out that the murderer kills people through electronic screens."

There was an uproar under the dais.

"Silence."

Gao Tian cleared his throat. "This technique is very risky as well as difficult to use. Thus, we're guessing that the suspect's realm should be above the Soul Formation stage. We will request the higher-ups to dispatch high-ranking immortal police from the Immortal Patrol Division to work with us in the next arrest operation. At the same time, based on an investigation of the crime scenes, our initial suspicion is that there are two murderers, and they are likely accomplices."

"Accomplices? Is there any proof?" someone raised a hand and asked under the dais.

"First of all, they chose the same kind of target: male and female shut-ins. Of course, the most important evidence is..." At this point, Gao Tian took out a report. Pressing on the police sword in his hand, the PPT on the screen immediately changed. "According to the bureau's intelligence division, the three deceased victims - an alchemist, a female live streamer, a programmer - and Student Shen who was almost murdered, are all from the same university: Songhai Magic Treasure Development University."

From the same university?

The high-ranking police officers started to murmur to each other as they discussed the matter.

It was obvious that they found the results of this investigation unexpected. They had thought at first that the suspect was a twisted homicidal maniac who was indiscriminate with his kills, but looking at the connection between the victims, this serial murder tragedy might be a meticulously planned revenge operation.

As for why students of Songhai Magic Treasure Development University were targeted, some of whom had even graduated years ago, Gao Tian was still looking into this. But one thing was certain - if the murderers struck again, they would still pick students from this university.

That was why Gao Tian brought Shen Guangrong back with him.

From his investigation, after the last three deaths, Shen Guangrong was the last student from his university in Divine Leisure Apartments.

Because the rent was low and it was very close to Songhai Magic Treasure Development University, it wasn't strange for students of this university to live here. But there were in fact quite a lot of student apartments near Songhai Magic Treasure Development University, and Gao Tian suspected that there had to be a reason the murderers chose Divine Leisure Apartments.

"I will now talk about what our next step is."

After thinking it over, Gao Tian gave new instructions. "Thoroughly investigate the relationship between the three victims and Student Shen as well as their learning and living conditions, and look for points in common. At the same time, notify the university that before we crack this murder case, the transmission of express deliveries through electronic screens must be shut down and an Internet firewall activated! That way, if unidentified objects are transmitted through the screen, the university can report it to the police station at once! In three days, before midnight on September 18th, no matter what happens, let us bring these murderers to justice together!"

Saying that, Gao Tian bowed deeply to the high-ranking police officers below the dais.

...

September 18th, seventeen days before the end of the summer break.

After figuring out the murderers' MO with Xiao Yin's help, Gao Tian started further investigation into Divine Leisure Apartments. At the same time, Xiao Yin and Er Ha were carrying out the task which Wang Ling had assigned them: to search for the remaining fragments of the Jade Scroll of School History as well as ferret out the black shadow army's hidden base.

The "Fate Dao" which this bunch had mastered was quite extraordinary. As Divine Dao Star's Star Lord had explained, Fate Dao was a power that could be shared. In other words, the black shadow soldiers currently had symbiotic relationships with each other. They were as annoying as weeds: Wildfires burn but do not exhaust; Spring winds blow and they live once more 1 .

1(From Bai Juyi's poem "Grass.") If they didn't ferret out the mastermind behind the scenes, eradicating the black shadow soldiers would be hard, since they would be resurrected as soon as they died.

Xiao Yin and Er Ha wandered along the streets. Their priority was to collect the fragments of the Jade Scroll of School History, and there wasn't much time left before the summer break ended. When the person and the dog passed a park, Er Ha smelled a fragment nearby. They rushed over and saw a senior high school student doing literary exercises. This wasn't a kid who had come out to copy homework, but the son of a boss who ran a shop in the park. This student was watching the shop and doing his homework at the same time.

Glancing at the youngster's uniform, Er Ha realized that he was from Number 59 High.

"Hello, student." Xiao Yin went over. "Which question can't you work out?"

"You are?" The youngster raised his head.

"Actually, I'm a remedial teacher." Xiao Yin made up a random identity. Eyeing the exercise scroll in the youngster's hands, he took out a burlap pouch from his pocket and produced an identical scroll.

Inside the burlap pouch were close to one thousand copies of the summer holiday homework which the two gremlins, Pen and Eraser, spent a whole night completing. They contained all kinds of exercises that high school students would come across during the summer break. As for their ultimate purpose, that was obvious: an exchange.

To exchange finished homework with the student's incomplete one.

The condition was that the homework scroll had to contain a fragment of the Jade Scroll of School History which Xiao Yin and Er Ha were looking for.

"I have a completed one. Do you want to swap with me?" Xiao Yin took out the exercise scroll and handed it over.

The youngster opened it and took a look: the handwriting was neat and the answers were correct. His heart jumped, but at the same time, he was a little hesitant. "Is this alright..."

"Teachers don't usually check the summer holiday homework; it's fine as long as it's completed. Also, regular script is used in the homework; as long as I write seriously, it's easy to imitate." Xiao Yin duped him. "Look, you took so long to solve one question."

He then glanced at the paper that the youngster was doing: it was a matching question.

The question was: Match the following eight thought-provoking questions with the corresponding occupations.

The eight occupations were: key maker, canteen lady, fortune teller, courier little brother, trash sorter, express driver, hairdresser and neighborhood watch.

The thought-provoking questions were: Do you deserve it 2 ? Do you want rice? What are you calculating? What manner of thing are you? What sort of trash are you? Do you actually know your position? Look at yourself in the mirror; who do you think you are? And: Who are you, where are you from, where are you headed?

2(Colloquially, "to make a key" means "to deserve it..") Mm...

Actually, the youngster had already finished the matching.

But he was lost in thought after that as he pondered the meaning of life, right up until Xiao Yin and Er Ha showed up.





Chapter 1032 The Female University Student Who Ghostwrites Homework


Xiao Yin and Er Ha believed that anyone who saw these "Eight Thought-Provoking Questions" would ponder their lives deeply. For Xiao Yin, this question was actually pretty much keeping with the times, since beginning with Songhai city in recent months, citizens were moving toward separating their trash. Anyone who didn't do so would be fined! Your spirit sword might even be seized on the spot and you would have to help collect at least five kilos of trash in your city area.

And so, if you saw a person sneaking around in the dead of night with a black burlap sack in their hands... it might not be a thief, but someone coming out to throw trash!

If you didn't throw out the trash at this time, a row of aunties responsible for sorting out the trash would be standing outside the trash disposal room in the morning with smiles on their faces as they waited for you, each one asking, "What kind of trash are you 1 ?"

1(The phrasing in Chinese 你是什么垃圾?can be read as "What sort of trash do you have?" or "What kind of trash are you?") "Thank you for your cooperation." Xiao Yin successfully swapped literary papers with Number 59 High's Student Shen Guangrong.

Student Shen was ecstatic. "Can I also swap other homework with you?"

Xiao Yin shot him a glance. "Do the rest yourself! Didn't your mom teach you not to be conniving or fish in troubled waters?!"

Student Shen: "???"

Xiao Yin: "How can you make progress if you don't do your homework? How can you enter a top university without making progress? How can reach the pinnacle of your life and win your Miss Perfect without entering a top university?"

Student Shen was then lost in deep thought once more.

Xiao Yin didn't think he was going too far in this regard; in any case, they had already gotten what they wanted. Being conniving was a bad thing to begin with!

At the entrance to the little shop in the park, Er Ha drew a transmission magic array in a covert location. The array led to Headmaster Chen's office. After collecting the homework, they wouldn't take it with them since it would very likely draw the attention of Number 60 High teachers who were lurking nearby.

Thus, when they were mapping out their strategy, Xiao Yin and Er Ha had discussed it and decided to transmit the homework over as soon as they collected it. In any case, the array for delivering items wasn't a complicated one; you just needed to know the coordinates.

Stretching out a claw, Er Ha injected spiritual energy into its nail, then drew a pretty round circular array on the ground before using its nail to directly write out some characters.

As everyone knew, the hardest thing about drawing an array wasn't writing the characters, but drawing the circle.

It the circle wasn't round enough, the magic array wouldn't activate.

Hence, drawing circles was a fundamental skill for an array master, and tested how steady his hand was to the extreme. The strength of an array master was reflected in how well he could draw a circle. A formidable array master would have a lot of ways to draw a circle; not only were the circles round enough, he could also draw them quickly.

As one of the few clans in the demon world widely known as a formidable tank support Demon King clan, arrays were actually compulsory learning for the Tuntian Ha clan.

Hence, Er Ha was in fact exceedingly proficient at drawing magic arrays.

It took less than two minutes to draw the array, and Er Ha placed the swapped literary papers in the center. It recited a magic spell and made a seal with its paws. In a streak of golden light, the literary papers were delivered straight to Headmaster Chen's office.

After that, Er Ha pawed at the ground and got rid of the magic array. After confirming the array had been dealt with, Er Ha turned to Xiao Yin and said, "Let's move on."

...

At noon, Er Ha led Xiao Yin to a university. A few courier brothers were fretting outside the school entrance. They didn't have time and still had other deliveries to make after this, but they couldn't contact the delivery recipients inside the university.

Going over for a look, Xiao Yin saw the words on the school's stele: Songhai Magic Treasure Development University.

"So this is the place..." Xiao Yin sighed.

"What's up?" asked Er Ha.

"This is the university I told you about yesterday, targeted by a serial killer," Xiao Yin answered in a low voice.

Er Ha nodded and understood immediately.

The murderer had killed through a screen, and before he was caught, the convenient express delivery transmission function had been cut off throughout the school to ensure the students' safety. Students who wanted to get their packages could only rely on the old method of getting the couriers to lay out the things at the school entrance at noon and wait for the students to come and collect them.

Naturally, the biggest headache was that the names on these express items weren't the real ones... For the sake of their privacy, some students used their online pseudonyms.

Thus, when Xiao Yin and Er Ha drew near, they saw several courier brothers at the school entrance shouting themselves hoarse: "I Am The Father You Can Never Have! I Am The Father You Can Never Have! Come get your express delivery!"

"Crossdressing Big Shot! Crossdressing Big Shot! I have your express delivery! Come get it ASAP! I'm leaving soon!"

"Oniichan! I have your express delivery!"

...

In a few short minutes, all kinds of fancy names were called out.

Everyone: "..."

"Are you sure the fragment is in there? This is a university." Standing at the entrance, Xiao Yin looked around. He was hesitant about going in, and wondered if Er Ha might be mistaken.

"There's no mistake, it's here." Er Ha shook its head; it was very confident in its sense of smell.

Xiao Yin followed Er Ha inside. The security guard uncle was about to stop them, but immediately paused when he saw the medal on Xiao Yin's chest.

It was the custom-made medal for team leaders of the Office of Strategic Deception. The sect was now the number one light force in Huaxiu nation in terms of overall strength, and the entire country was aware of its prestige. The security guard didn't know how high up Xiao Yin was in the Office of Strategic Deception, but after recognizing the medal, he didn't block their way.

Lord Thunder had given Xiao Yin this medal to prevent the latter from being taken to the police station yet again when he was out by himself on the streets; reality now proved that the medal was more useful than Xiao Yin had imagined.

"The canteen up ahead." Er Ha led Xiao Yin forward. When they approached the entrance to the canteen, Xiao Yin's gaze focused on a university student who was writing at a tremendous speed.

There was no doubt that this was a female student of Magic Treasure Development University, but next to her seat was a thick pile of high school exercises...

"What is this?" Er Ha was bewildered at this scene.

A university student doing high school homework — Xiao Yin could only think of one possibility.

He slowly walked over, his gaze fixed on the long-haired girl who was absorbed in her writing. Her meal card was on the table, and with one look, Xiao Yin saw her name: Lin Shiyao.

"Are you helping other people write their homework?" asked Xiao Yin.

Pulling her long hair back, Lin Shiyao raised her head and shot Xiao Yin a casual glance. "Regular school exercises are 100 yuan per book, school exercises in an exact copy of your handwriting are 200 yuan a book, test papers are 100 yuan a set."

After saying this, she fished out a card with a QR code on it from around her neck and placed it on the table. "Swipe the code to pay, and I'll finish all your homework today."

Xiao Yin and Er Ha: "..."





Chapter 1033 An Era Which Emphasizes Looks


It was very clear... that this wasn't Lin Shiyao's first time doing this. She was very open about it, though - helping other people with their homework was originally a job behind the scenes, but the girl was unexpectedly not shy at all about taking orders in the canteen.

Actually, Lin Shiyao would have holed up in her own dorm room as usual, had it not been for the serial murders this time, which had led to the express deliveries needing to be physically sent to the campus. She took this job extremely seriously, because the number of orders she took every summer and winter holiday helped her earn sixty to seventy times more money than her school scholarships. Not only could she cover her tuition fees and even some of her living expenses herself, she was able to reap in a huge amount of additional funds through this winter and summer holiday homework ghostwriting business.

Helping to do someone else's homework by mutual consent and with the prices clearly stated wasn't against the law. Even if the police knew about it, they couldn't do anything. Usually, even parents would come over themselves to pay Lin Shiyao to do their children's homework when the latter couldn't complete it... In the business of ghostwriting holiday homework, Lin Shiyao could be said to be a big boss.

As for why she was the boss, this was very obvious...

Lin Shiyao took out the QR code. Seeing that Xiao Yin and Er Ha were still hesitating, she placed it on the table casually. She never stopped working, and instead spoke to someone behind her as she wrote. "I'm busy right now. Help me entertain these guests."

"Yes!" someone behind her quickly replied.

Only then did Xiao Yin realize that Lin Shiyao actually had helpers... There were ten tables full of university students doing homework behind her.

So, this ghostwriting homework gang was actually pretty big?

Xiao Yin was stupefied when he saw this.

This was a team which Lin Shiyao had specially hired. She came up with this business idea since ordinary university students didn't have her sort of reputation and couldn't draw in as many orders. Using her own work foundation every year, she would charge an additional order and distribute it to other college students. She would just sign share agreements with them, and only take thirty percent of the cost of the homework task as a broker fee.

Thus, in this way, Lin Shiyao's team continued to expand.

There were four people to a table in the canteen, and as many as ten tables, so fully forty people were working under Lin Shiyao.

Furthermore, to ensure the homework's quality, Lin Shiyao even divided it up so that some people would be responsible for doing the literary homework in particular, and some for the Dao talismans course. Those who were proficient in alchemy skills or spirit sword techniques were responsible for doing the supplementary homework - there was even an outdoor film crew that could cosplay to look like employers and which specialized in filming videos to complete the extra-curricular practicums which some schools had.

"How many fragments?" Xiao Yin gave Er Ha a meaningful glance and asked telepathically.

"There are at least six fragments here..." Er Ha replied.

A lot of people hired Lin Shiyao. Since a large amount of homework in the city was concentrated around Lin Shiyao, this saved Xiao Yin and Er Ha a lot of hassle.

"There's something we hope you can help us with."

Xiao Yin crouched down and smiled gently.

Er Ha jumped onto a canteen chair and sat down obediently, wagging its tail as it gazed at Lin Shiyao.

Miss Lin glanced at Xiao Yin and Er Ha, but didn't stop working. The person behind her who had initially put his work aside to receive guests saw that Xiao Yin had come looking for Lin Shiyao specifically, so he sat back down silently.

"Unfortunately, I'm very busy now. If you're asking about the serial murders, I have no comment. A police officer with the surname Gao already questioned me; I don't want to repeat myself." Lin Shiyao was someone who liked being efficient.

A police officer with the surname Gao? Xiao Yin was blank.

It appeared that Gao Tian had been here to question the students about the murders.

But that wasn't what Xiao Yin and Er Ha were here for. Xiao Yin sat down patiently in front of Miss Lin.

What Xiao Yin had was time, and he could wait. There were as many as six fragments here, when their job today initially was to collect five.

As a result, when Xiao Yin sat down, Lin Shiyao feel uncomfortable.

She was an innocent, single woman from a good family, helping people to ghostwrite homework in the clear light of day, and a handsome guy had actually sat down opposite her to watch her write... This was something Lin Shiyao had never experienced before.

She was somewhat a celebrity at Magic Treasure Development University. When Xiao Yin sat down in front of her and watched her do homework, the atmosphere felt strange.

"Wow, who's that silver-haired young man? He's very handsome... and has a green-furred dog?"

"He isn't Lin Shiyao's boyfriend, is he? I always thought she was abstinent."

"Holy shit, big news! Lin Shiyao actually has a boyfriend..."

(The above are all Lin Shiyao's delusions...)

Lin Shiyao shook her head hard. She felt that if this went on, she would end up hearing things that weren't there.

"What are you doing?" After a few minutes, Lin Shiyao finally stopped working under Xiao Yin's bright and innocent smile.

Quality customer service always came first. Xiao Yin sitting here and staring at her already made Lin Shiyao feel that she couldn't work normally. However, she just couldn't get angry with Xiao Yin. Actually, most female university students liked the "little milk dog 1 " type, and Xiao Yin just so happened to fit the bill. His smile made one feel refreshed, and could even erase most of the shadows in one's heart.

1(It refers to boys who are like puppies, i.e. cute, playful and clingy ..) When Lin Shiyao raised her head to look at Xiao Yin, she felt as if she was sitting in front of a small sun: it was warm and gentle, and wasn't glaring. It made people want to reach out and touch it, and they wouldn't be burned.

"Are you finally willing to talk to me?" Xiao Yin continued to smile.

"Don't say such misleading things... Just say what you want..." Lin Shiyao blushed and immediately lowered her head.

This scene made Er Ha very envious. Sure enough, it was good to look attractive! Who knew when it would be able to take on a human form... Er Ha stared at Xiao Yin's human form and pondered. It was constantly worried that its human form would be ugly; it had even dreamt countless times that when it took on a human form, its skin and even its hair were green, the type that was fluorescent at night... It was a green color that would give even the Hulk a run for his money.

If it was too ugly, Er Ha didn't think it would be able to accept it.

After adapting to life in the human world, Er Ha actually realized that it, too, had an idol burden, and moreover, it understood the importance of looks.

This was an era which emphasized looks!

If you had a very attractive face, you could rid yourself of a lot of worries...





Chapter 1034 Founder of Flow of Two Pens


It was human nature to love beauty. Although a person was born with their looks, spells, pills and medicine for changing one's appearance based on each individual's aesthetic requirements popped up all the time in the cultivation world; cultivators could get plastic surgery without needing to go under the knife, and it was very safe.

Youth-retaining pills could optimize your original features to a certain degree, improve the condition of your skin, and give you a youthful appearance. Huaguo Water Curtain Group's youth-retaining pill was the most famous.

Of course, if you wanted a completely different appearance, you could use face-molding pills. Within half an hour of eating one, your face would become as malleable as plasticine. However, face-molding pills usually weren't sold over the counter. This was something that had to be arranged by a hospital's cosmetic surgery department, and the doctor responsible for molding the face also had to have passed a face-molding evaluation and obtained the relevant qualification certificate.

Actually, Er Ha wasn't worried about how ugly it would be when it took on a human form - it was worried that its hair would look strange in a human form... There were a lot of men with green hair in comics and cartoons, but it really would look very strange in real life!!

Of course, not everyone had this fear of looking ugly.

For example, Little Master Ling was someone who worried that he was too handsome, and had forcibly pulled his looks down to the average level...

Your face was something you were born with.

Er Ha stared at Lin Shiyao. Although it had only been a few minutes since encountering her, Er Ha could already sense this attractive curve wrecker's charisma. A group of university students ghostwriting homework, and grandiosely taking orders in the school canteen - this was absolutely a beautiful scene.

Letting Xiao Yin hang around would interfere with Lin Shiyao's work, so she listened patiently to Xiao Yin's request. Xiao Yin didn't go into detail, and just told the girl that due to some reason, they needed to swap out some of the workbooks and test papers.

Lin Shiyao accepted the workbooks Xiao Yin planned to use for the exchange, and she was stunned by the neat and utterly beautiful handwriting in them.

Furthermore, it was in a calligraphy style that Lin Shiyao had actually never seen before.

And so, Lin Shiyao agreed to Xiao Yin's request. "You can swap out as many as you want."

She then buried her head in the homework.

"Thank you!"

The exchange was a success! Xiao Yin and Er Ha were pleasantly surprised to be able to obtain six fragments all at once.

Out of the corner of her eye, Lin Shiyao sized up the homework from Xiao Yin: it was four test papers and two workbooks. As she brooded over the beautiful characters, she was abruptly seized by the desire to see what the person with such beautiful handwriting looked like.

"Who wrote this homework?" Lin Shiyao asked without looking up.

"To be exact, it was my Master," Xiao Yin answered. He knew very well that the two gremlins, Pen and Eraser, ultimately acted in accordance with Little Master Ling's will. While they helped Little Master Ling finish the homework, there were still some fixed rules:

1: The homework content had to be something that Wang Ling had already mastered.

2: The two gremlins Eraser and Pen were unable to help with essay topics that involved expressing emotions.

Aside from the two inflexible conditions above, Wang Ling could do whatever he liked.

Wang Ling could even fix what handwriting style to use in the workbooks. Most of the workbooks were written in the "regular square" style. However, some of the topics had to do with expressing emotions and Pen and Eraser had no way of completing them, so Wang Ling would write these sections himself.

Although there weren't many of these topics, Wang Ling's handwriting caught Lin Shiyao's attention.

When one Silver and one dog figured out Miss Lin's thoughts, they couldn't help sighing in their hearts.

It could only be said that as expected of Little Master Ling: he could casually snare a female university student without even leaving the house... Moreover, it was a very beautiful and ascetic female curve wrecker...

The fact that they could see through Lin Shiyao's thoughts wasn't strange. Xiao Yin was a holy beast while Er Ha was a quasi-holy beast. In addition, this Silver and dog chatted with each other privately every day, and had comprehended the Bright Holy Heart ability long ago.

Although this ability wasn't as powerful as Wang Ling's "Mind-Reading Ability," which could cover an unlimited distance, one could still read a person's inner thoughts when in close range.

Actually, Er Ha felt that it wasn't even necessary to use Bright Holy Heart when it came to Lin Shiyao - all the thoughts of this young lady, who was still in her teens, was written on her face.

"I don't know what you're looking for, but it seems to be inside these kids' high school summer homework, right?" Her chin in her hands, Lin Shiyao tried to come up with a possible action plan.

Finally, she grit her teeth. "How about this, I'll make you a deal. I'll increase our orders and help gather as much homework as possible. That way, you might find whatever you're looking for more quickly."

"So it can be done like this..." Xiao Yin pondered, but at the same time was worried whether Lin Shiyao would be able to accomplish the task as promised, since it would be an excessive workload.

"You don't have to worry about me. Since I've promised to increase the orders, I'm quite certain I can handle it." Lin Shiyao stopped writing and smiled confidently. "Have you heard of Flow of Two Pens?"

Er Ha was stunned. "???"

Of course it knew Flow of Two Pens... This was the trick Guo Hao had used to copy homework in Number 60 High before... Furthermore, Guo Hao had even upgraded this move, and unleashed Flow of Five Pens to increase his copying speed.

"To tell you the truth, I'm the founder of Flow of Two Pens Sect." Lin Shiyao steepled her fingers and formally introduced herself to Xiao Yin and Er Ha.

"When you join my sect, learning Flow of Two Pens is the basic requirement. I just need to mobilize all my sect disciples and have them use Flow of Two Pens in their ghostwriting, so we can double the original workload."

Lin Shiyao added, "Of course, Flow of Two Pens is not my biggest strength as sect leader."

Saying that, she took out all the pens in her stationery pouch, and held them in-between her fingers on both hands... Eight pens in total.

Fuck! Flow of Eight Pens...

Er Ha was now utterly convinced of Lin Shiyao's identity as sect leader.

It could only be said that as the founder of Flow of Two Pens Sect, Lin Shiyao was indeed qualified to undertake this huge task. Doing homework with eight pens... This speed was simply unimaginable. In Lin Shiyao's eyes, these high school exercises were as easy as eating and drinking.

Using eight pens at the same time, she had already become a human typewriter...

Then, like a swordsman, she slipped all the pens in her hand back into her stationery pouch. Her movements were like a refined dance performance, so smooth they made one's hair stand on end.

And so, after this jaw-dropping operation, Lin Shiyao looked at the Silver and the dog in front of her. "I'll help you, but you have to promise me that you'll let me meet the person who has this handwriting. So... do we have a deal?"





Chapter 1035 The Hostage Situation at Magic Treasure Development University


Actually, it wasn't as difficult to meet Wang Ling as some might imagine... Those familiar with him knew that as long as you made sure to prepare crispy noodle snacks beforehand, you could even video chat with your beloved Ling Zhenren! Of course, he wouldn't say a word during the video chat, and would stare at you with those cute, round dead fish eyes of his, firmly capturing your heart.

To look into a person's heart, there were a lot of times when you just needed to look into their eyes. The eyes were the window to the soul, and even Wang Ling was no different. Actually, his eyes were a little special because of the King's Eye, and his pupils could appear red. But there were plenty of cases in the cultivation world of eyes changing color as a result of cultivating different Foundation Establishment kungfu, so eye color wasn't considered a problem.

Of course, there were those who deliberately wore contacts to change their eye color; it was just that this wasn't allowed in school.

There was a huge difference between natural eye color and color contacts; after years of experience, the teachers who carried out checks at the school entrance could tell which was which with one glance.

Secretly taking a deep breath, Xiao Yin straightened out his thoughts before discussing the next part of their cooperation with this Miss Lin. He thought that her proposal was reasonable, but in order not to annoy Little Master Ling, Xiao Yin put forward another requirement: he hoped that Lin Shiyao would just observe Wang Ling from afar and not get too close.

Lin Shiyao had no objections to this.

She was truly only curious to know what the person with this beautiful handwriting looked like, and never planned to talk to him. She had been in a relationship once before, but after the breakup, she completely gave up on love and didn't think she would fall for someone ever again.

To Lin Shiyao, being in a relationship was simply torture.

She could recite a hundred different benefits of staying single: freedom, no restrictions, no need to routinely fake affection daily, and being able to live true to herself, more than anyone else.

How great was that?

And so they officially came to an agreement just like that.

"So it's a deal."

Lin Shiyao started to take deep breaths to hide her happiness and anticipation. She had several of her assistants behind her open up a new round of orders online, and Xiao Yin and Er Ha heard them start to bustle around as the Taobao app on their phones started to beep non-stop.

Where there was demand, there was a market...

Ghostwriting homework was a job that had emerged in keeping with the times, like the recent trend of trash sorting; Er Ha believed that it wouldn't be long before some company introduced a door-to-door trash sorting service: it wouldn't just be disposing trash, the trash sorters could be called out at any time like the food delivery boys...

Er Ha didn't expect Lin Shiyao's business to actually be so good; it wasn't an exaggeration to describe the scene as "the clamor of drums and gongs filling the air, firecrackers bursting with loud bangs, red flags fluttering in the sky, and a sea of people" - in this situation, they would absolutely be able to collect all the fragments of the Jade Scroll of School History before the start of school!

But right at that moment, there was suddenly a deafening "bang" outside the canteen, and a number of students rushed inside with panicked expressions, some of whom were even screaming.

"What's going on?" Lin Shiyao got up and grabbed a flustered boy to ask.

"Sis Lin... it seems like there was an explosion at the auditorium!"

"An explosion? From what?"

"I don't know, either..." The boy was also bewildered. "I went out to collect my express delivery when I heard an explosion coming from the auditorium."

"Was anyone hurt?"

"I don't know... But I remember that a teacher has an open lecture in the auditorium at this time, and there are about fifty students inside."

"All of you stay here; I'll go take a look," Lin Shiyao instructed the people behind her. She then turned and made for the auditorium. Lin Shiyao was also the president of the student union at Magic Treasure Development University, and she couldn't turn a blind eye when something like this happened; at the very least, she had to figure out the cause of the explosion.

This incident also caught Xiao Yin and Er Ha's attention. After discussion, one Silver and one dog hurried out with Lin Shiyao. Magic Treasure Development University hadn't been very peaceful recently because of that serial killer who had yet to be brought to justice.

Was it possible that this explosion had something to do with the murderer?

As they approached the auditorium, they saw that a group of university teachers had already rushed over at the news, while some gutsy students were being pests nearby. Teachers wielding all kinds of magic treasures prevented the students from getting closer and broke up the crowd, while some of them were already preparing to go in and rescue people.

Xiao Yin examined the auditorium's location. It had been built in one corner of the campus. Flanked by tall walls, a high-pressure barrier over it prevented outsiders from climbing over the walls to get in. The auditorium had two exits, but both of them had collapsed after the explosion and were completely blocked by the broken bricks and tiles that had fallen.

Seeing this, Xiao Yin already sensed that something wasn't right — this was clearly a premeditated explosion.

If it was an accident, it was impossible that both exits would just so happen to be blocked after the explosion.

And it was at that very moment when an unfamiliar voice rang out from inside the auditorium. "Teachers, remain calm - put down your magic weapons and step back, otherwise I won't be able to guarantee the safety of the teacher and fifty students inside the auditorium."

The cold, utterly emotionless voice sounded in the air; it was a warning issued from the broadcast room inside the auditorium to the people outside.

"Who are you?" a teacher asked.

"You seem to have been looking for me for a very long time, and you've used all sorts of ways to prevent me from harming other students. But in fact, I've run out of patience. I think those dead students died too easily; I should have tortured them to death... And so, it's in fact because of your Magic Treasure Development University's non-compliance that I'm hijacking this place today."

When the man said this, sweat covered the backs of all the teachers and students - this was the serial killer!

"Tell us what you want! Please don't hurt the kids inside!" At that moment, a middle-aged man with his hair swept back and who was a little out of shape stepped forward: he was the principal of Magic Treasure Development University, Zhou Dongye. Xiao Yin had previously seen some of the information which Gao Tian had on the police station's investigation into Magic Treasure Development University, and he recognized this man at first glance.

"This voice - is that Principal Zhou Dongye's voice?" The man inside laughed coldly. "I didn't want to do this, but the truth is that if I don't blow up this matter here, you won't pay any attention to it at all. Do all of you still remember the kid, Zheng Jingxuan?"

When the man said this, the faces of Zhou Dongye and all the teachers present turned dark. Xiao Yin turned his head and saw that Lin Shiyao had already clenched her small fists, which trembled slightly.





Chapter 1036 The Case Back Then


Gao Tian had dashed to the university after receiving the news. In order not to aggravate the criminal, he changed into plain clothes and rushed over in the police chief's private car. Only three police officers followed him.

The Immortal Arts Mobile Squadron had already been deployed, and was hiding nearby around the school. For the time being, they wouldn't reveal themselves, but as long as Gao Tian gave the order, they would burst in and rescue the students.

But in the end, storming the auditorium would be a poor strategy - this serial killer had already murdered several people, and wouldn't scruple to kill a few more.

"What's the situation?" Gao Tian asked his assistant when they were on the road.

"The teachers are currently maintaining order at the scene. By the way, Chief Gao, the suspect mentioned a person called Zheng Jingxuan. Our colleagues in the intelligence department dug up information on him. Have a look." The assistance passed his phone to Gao Tian.

The information on Zheng Jingxuan was detailed: he was part of Magic Treasure Development University's graduating batch number 4393 three years ago. His grades were excellent, and he even represented the university at a magic treasure design competition.

Gao Tian read the relevant information which the intelligence department had gathered from the Internet. "Because of suspected plagiarism in this international competition, he was permanently banned from participating ever again, which tarnished the reputation of his alma mater Magic Treasure Development University. After discussion among the university higher-ups, Zheng Jingxuan was ordered to issue a public apology to the entire university and to the magic treasure design circle. If not, he had to withdraw from school or accept punishment. Zheng Jingxuan refused to apologize, and after several talks came to nothing, the school issued a notice of disciplinary action. When the courier delivered it to Zheng Jingxuan's rental, Zheng Jingxuan had already committed suicide by exploding his golden core."

Reading this, Gao Tian rubbed his chin. "So it's this matter..." This incident had actually caused quite a stir back then. Gao Tian vaguely remembered how Zheng Jingxuan was universally condemned in the news, with people itching to press his head down and force him to apologize.

This matter didn't settle down after Zheng Jingxuan's death. WeMedia articles were published online which expressed the universal view that Zheng Jingxuan had felt ashamed and committed suicide because he couldn't take the pressure.

But after that, online users started to change their tune: these people, who had made a fuss before about wanting Zheng Jingxuan to be brought to justice, and who had itched to crucify and flay him on the pillar of disgrace, started to sympathize with him, and wondered if there was some inside story to this matter.

But just a week later, all the voices online subsided and vanished...

No matter how hot a topic was, it wouldn't last more than seven days - this was Gao Tian's understanding of the modern Internet.

"I remember this case; I also knew about it three years ago, but I didn't have the authority to get involved. The ultimate findings of the police investigation was that Zheng Jingxuan had indeed committed suicide; a suicide note was found at his place, and after it was examined, it was indeed Zheng Jingxuan's writing." Gao Tian sighed ruefully - he never expected to run into this case again several years later.

Could it be that there really was an inside story behind this incident back then?

Gao Tian speculated in his heart.

But this was only conjecture, and he had no evidence. He would have to find more proof to put together as much of the truth as possible of what happened back then.

But even if Gao Tian wanted to carry out an investigation, it wouldn't be easy. It had already been three years since it happened, and a lot of the lines of evidence had been cut. Even the rental where Zheng Jingxuan had committed suicide had been converted by the landlord into a games room, since no one wanted to live in a place where someone had died.

After going through the information, Gao Tian gave the phone back to the assistant next to him and listened as the latter said, "In short, this is a student who tarnished Magic Treasure Development University's reputation. Our initial speculation is that it might be Zheng Jingxuan's parents behind the serial murders and this hostage situation, doing this for revenge.

"A preliminary investigation shows that Zheng Jingxuan's parents divorced before his death because they couldn't take the online abuse. We've already contacted his mother, who is in a relationship with a new boyfriend in another part of the country. We've already entrusted some of our local colleagues to drop by and confirm this, but it should be the case. Currently, we're still investigating Zheng Jingxuan's father, and we can't exclude him from the list of suspects yet."

"Mm, be sure to find his father."

Gao Tian nodded. Zheng Jingxuan's parents had the biggest motive in this case. Of course, Gao Tian didn't completely agree with his assistant's view.

Zheng Jingxuan was undoubtedly a disgrace now in the magic treasure design circle, but who actually knew the truth of what happened back then?

"When we arrive at the scene, don't provoke the criminal by insulting Student Zheng. Is that understood?" Gao Tian gave the instruction.

"Yes, sir." The officers accompanying him all nodded.

"What demands has the criminal made so far?"

"First, he wants three million in ransom."

"He abducted so many hostages, but he wants just three million?" Gao Tian felt that there was something wrong with this criminal's brain. But it suddenly struck him - the first prize for that magic treasure design competition which Zheng Jingxuan took part in that year was three million.

Was the criminal giving them a hint?

Gao Tian felt that things were becoming more interesting. If this criminal was really here because of that competition back then, he might be trying to uphold justice himself by revealing some inside story.

But in Gao Tian's opinion, this was very foolish behavior.

Regardless of whether there was some secret behind the competition that year, even if there really was some inside story, this wasn't a reason to kill so many people. The cultivation world was now ruled by law, and such a nation would naturally uphold law and justice. Blowing the cover off an inside story was absolutely within the bounds of the law, and not a case of using public office to avenge private wrongs.

Gao Tian would do whatever it took to clearly investigate what happened that year, but he would also catch this heinous criminal who had killed several people, and have him brought to justice.

"His second demand is for the principal of Magic Treasure Development University, Zhou Dongye, to publicly release the unedited video recording of the entire magic treasure design competition that year. Since it was a while ago, Principal Zhou said that he couldn't fulfill this demand at the moment as he has to first contact the organizing committee for their approval before he can bring the video over... However, the criminal didn't accept Principal Zhou Dongye's objection, and has demanded that Principal Zhou make the video public in half an hour, otherwise he would start killing one hostage every half an hour after that."

"Anything else?" Gao Tian's face darkened.

"His third and final demand is that, except for university personnel, all cultivators above the Golden Core stage within a ten-kilometer radius has to leave. If they're not gone in an hour, he'll blow up the auditorium..."





Chapter 1037 A Case Of Magic Treasure Design Plagiarism


There was no doubt that this was an extremely vicious criminal. However, judging from the other side's three demands, it wasn't hard for Gao Tian to guess that he wanted to use this incident to reopen the case from back then. Without this big a ruckus, the truth of that case might always be buried in the dark and never see the light of day again.

And so, after thinking it over, Gao Tian gave the first instruction. "Arrange for the Immortal Arts Mobile Squadron lying in wait nearby to retreat ten kilometers away."

"Yes..." Gao Tian was in command, and while the police officers behind him didn't understand the reason for this withdrawal, they could only obey.

In fact, just three minutes earlier, the Immortal Arts Mobile Squadron had already come up with a kill plan. They were going to use a long-range flying sword and an infrared sensor magic treasure to target and kill the suspect inside the auditorium. Even in this situation, the success rate of this method was as high as eighty percent, and everything else would work out once the criminal was taken down.

But it was clear that Gao Tian's aim wasn't just to arrest the criminal. As a rule of thumb, a long-range sniper could indeed be used to take out the murderous hostage-taker, but the success rate wasn't a hundred percent at present. If they failed, and provoked the murderer instead, all the students in the auditorium would suffer.

And one of the most important things was the criminal's method.

This criminal had previously killed via Internet screen transmission. Such a bizarre method proved that the other side had a high realm, and he wasn't an ordinary person. That was why they had to be more careful; there might be unimaginable risks if the other party sensed that they were deceiving him.

The scene could be considered pretty orderly by the time Gao Tian arrived. He gave Principal Zhou a storage pouch which he had brought with him from the police station. It contained three million yuan in cash; upon receiving the criminal's demands, Gao Tian had immediately ordered a nearby bank to cooperate and come up with three million yuan at once.

The other party had a bigger plan; this cash extortion was nothing more than a formality, so Gao Tian estimated that the risk of the bank losing three million yuan was very small. Of course, even if they did ultimately lose the money, they would be compensated by the insurance company.

After moving past the police cordon, Gao Tian suddenly noticed that Xiao Yin and a green-furred dog which he had seen before were also here, and he was instantly astonished. "Why are the both of you here?"

The police and teachers on the side were also very helpless. They already had people withdraw according to Gao Tian's instruction so that no one above the Golden Core stage remained, but Xiao Yin was a group leader of the Office of Strategic Deception and they couldn't order him to leave at all.

"I was just passing by, and happened upon this commotion," Xiao Yin said, before lowering his voice to say to Gao Tian, "Don't worry. The green-furred dog and I have hidden our auras. The other side won't be able to tell."

Gao Tian: "..."

Actually, Xiao Yin wasn't worried about the murderer being particular about this. The other side had demanded that people above the Golden Core stage withdraw... But Xiao Yin was a holy beast and Er Ha was a quasi-holy beast.

The ones to withdraw were human - what did it have to do with them as holy beasts?

Principal Zhou Dongye relaxed a little at Gao Tian's arrival, but the current situation was still very tense.

"Can the video recording be delivered in half an hour?" Gao Tian asked.

Principal Zhou Dongye was blank, before he broke out in a cold sweat and nodded. "It should be alright..."

"Principal Zhou, I need an exact answer."

"It can!"

After Principal Zhou Dongye said this, Gao Tian turned to look at the auditorium. "Sir, did you heard what Principal Zhou Dongye said? So we might as well have a chat about why you're doing this."

For a long time, there wasn't any response from inside. In the next moment, however, an image was projected on an LCD screen outside the auditorium for everyone to see.

It was a design drawing of a pill furnace magic treasure.

The entire pill furnace was greenish gray in color, and its exterior was inlaid with jade and silver pearls. The pill furnace sat on spiral legs, each of which had 128 invisible air vents which could optimally minimize the internal pressure generated in the pill furnace during the refining process. Lastly, a ventilator was installed at the bottom of the pill furnace, reflecting its remarkable environmentally friendly concept.

This was the masterpiece which won the magic treasure design competition three years ago. In the lower right corner of the work was the name of the designer, "Raven."

Actually, Raven wasn't a person, but a code name for a well-known studio.

The founder and head of Raven Studio was none other than Fu Fusheng, a graduate of Magic Treasure Development University who was in the same year as Zheng Jingxuan.

The signature in the lower right corner of this "clean green spiral furnace" design blueprint was Student Fu Fusheng's way of promoting the studio after he won the competition.

"Fu Fusheng," Gao Tian muttered.

"Who is Fu Fusheng?" Xiao Yin asked.

"The founder of Raven Studio. It's a famous magic treasure design studio in the industry. Student Fu Fusheng was in the same year as Student Zheng Jingxuan, and they were both outstanding talents in the same class," Gao Tian said.

"So, the work Student Zheng Jingxuan plagiarized was Fu Fusheng's?"

"That's right." Gao Tian nodded. "Back then, it was this Student Fu who first expressed doubts via public channels. It was because of this that all the media ultimately joined the crusade against the plagiarist, which led to that tragedy."

Principal Zhou Dongye's face turned increasingly unsightly as Gao Tian spoke. After mulling it over, Principal Zhou said, "Captain Gao, you should be thinking of ways to save my students, not flipping through old files. The school and society already settled on what happened back then. There were witness statements and material evidence for Zheng Jingxuan plagiarizing, and the verdict is irreversible. Bringing this old matter up again is nothing more than giving Student Zheng's family new wounds, and Student Zheng's spirit may not be able to rest in peace."

"So is the truth truly what Principal Zhou Dongye says it is?"

"Captain, what do you mean?" Principal Zhou's face darkened.

Gao Tian snorted and said to the man inside, "Mr Zheng, I know what your objective is. But what's done is done. I hope you won't make any more mistakes. You must have done a lot of research all these years; you might as well take this opportunity to voice out all the suspicions your investigation has uncovered, and all the people here will be witnesses."

When Gao Tian said this, the man inside lapsed into a long silence.

"Mr Zheng?"

Zhou Dongye's face paled at Gao Tian's words; he didn't expect the man inside to actually be Zheng Jingxuan's father!

"Captain Gao is a capable person - you were actually able to guess my identity..." The man inside sighed.

"How did you know who the person inside is?" Xiao Yin asked in a low voice.

Gao Tian also whispered in reply, "I was just bluffing; I didn't think he would be a wolf1..."

1(Reference to "The Werewolves of Millers Hollow" card game.) Xiao Yin: "..."

...

Zheng Tianqiang, Zheng Jingxuan's father, was behind this hostage situation as well as the serial murders.

What kind of new evidence did he have with regards to the irrefutable facts presented back then? A lot of the teachers had faint doubts in their hearts.

After a few minutes, Zheng Jingxuan's father said from inside the auditorium, "I now want to ask a person some questions."

"Who?" Gao Tian asked.

"Student Lin Shiyao should be here, right... Ask her to come forward for my first question..."





Chapter 1038 The Truth From Three Years Ago


Gao Tian had brought some people over to interrogate Lin Shiyao before, but he hadn't expected that she would actually be linked to this case. He glanced meaningfully at his assistant next to him, and the latter rushed off to contact the intelligence department for information on Lin Shiyao.

Clenching her fists, Lin Shiyao appeared unusually nervous after Zheng Tianqiang asked her the question, and even her breathing became heavier. Under the gazes of the many teachers and nosy students at the scene, she slowly walked forward with Gao Tian's help.

"Student Lin Shiyao, do you know why I asked you to step forward?" Father Zheng lowered his voice as he did his best to keep it as gentle as possible. Whether it was Xiao Yin, Er Ha or Gao Tian, however, they could sense the tremor in Father Zheng's throat which he couldn't suppress.

As if he had already waited for a very long time, Father Zheng was now extremely emotional. He was restraining himself and doing his best to hold back his emotions so that they wouldn't burst out.

The moment a person released their emotions was when they were the weakest. Hence, Father Zheng could only restrain himself.

Before the truth officially came to light, he didn't want to leave anyone an opening.

Lin Shiyao was obviously reluctant to answer Father Zheng's question.

In the last few years, she had buried herself in study to avoid the matter between her and Zheng Jingxuan, and she had always lived in fear and on edge - she hadn't expected the day the matter was uncovered to come so soon.

"Student Lin, you can refuse to answer this criminal's question!" Principal Zhou Dongye stepped out once more.

"Principal Zhou, if you interfere one more time, I'll have you arrested for disorderly conduct." Gao Tian glanced at Principal Zhou, whose face darkened before he stepped back.

Lin Shiyao could be considered a star in Magic Treasure Development University, and for such an outstanding, beautiful student, who was president of the student union, to actually be involved with that "school disgrace" stirred the curiosity of all the teachers and spectating students present.

After a moment of silence, Lin Shiyao finally seemed to pluck up her courage as she raised her head. "That's right, Zheng Jingxuan was my ex."

This answer wasn't unexpected to Gao Tian, but the teachers and students present were surprised.

Father Zheng: "Can you tell everyone, when did you break up?"

Lin Shiyao: "After the magic treasure design competition, Jingxuan broke up with me."

"Very good, Student Lin Shiyao, you're very honest. At least until now, you haven't lied to me." Father Zheng nodded. "Then, Student Lin is used to copying beautiful handwriting."

Lin Shiyao's eyes were already red. "Yes... it's an interest of mine..."

Father Zheng: "Next, Lin Shiyao, please answer my final question: was it you who wrote Jingxuan's suicide note for him?"

"What?"

All the teachers and students at the scene were stunned.

"Student Lin, you... why didn't you say anything back then..." Principal Zhou Dongye's voice shook.

Lin Shiyao's heart was already on the verge of collapse, and she cried as she spoke. "After that case of plagiarism during the competition came out, someone lashed out at Jingxuan, and his arms were broken. After that, he came to me and wanted me to help him write a letter of apology. I never thought it would become his suicide note."

"Very good."

Father Zheng was very satisfied with her answer.

He had already investigated this fact earlier on, and getting Lin Shiyao to say it herself corroborated the proof for everyone here. "Student Lin, I will remember your affection for Jingxuan! I thank you!"

"Zheng Tianqiang, what on earth are you trying to do?" Principal Zhou roared.

"Relax, Principal Zhou Dongye, the next question is for you. I hope you will also answer truthfully. If you answer any questions incorrectly, I can't guarantee the safety of the hostages."

"You..."

The corner of Principal Zhou's mouth twitched. As the principal of a cultivation institution of higher education, no one in school had ever dared to challenge him. Gao Tian gazed at Principal Zhou's clouded expression. Principal Zhou's philosophy in the pursuit of higher learning was "to be impartial and incorruptible"; he was a very cautious person in his daily life. After the disturbance stirred up by the plagiarism of a magic treasure design plan three years ago, Principal Zhou was the first person to step out and apologize to the public on behalf of Zheng Jingxuan.

It was for this very reason that Principal Zhou wasn't affected by the case after it happened; conversely, he came across as an upright and good principal.

But since this matter had stirred up quite the fuss today, Gao Tian was well aware that the truth behind this wasn't as simple as it had appeared back then.

Father Zheng laughed coldly on the broadcast and asked, "Principal Zhou, I ask you, after this incident, did you personally verify the facts?"

"It's the cultivation police who do the Investigating and verify the evidence; I don't have the qualifications to interfere."

"Very good, I understand your meaning, Principal Zhou." Father Zheng paused for a second before he continued, "That is to say, Principal Zhou, you didn't watch the complete video of the competition even once?"

"The police made all the evidence public. Is there any difference if I investigated it or not? It would just be a waste of time..."

"So Principal Zhou didn't personally look into any of it, and just because of public condemnation, you pressured an outstanding student into publicly apologizing for something he didn't do. May I ask, Principal Zhou, is this something that a principal should do?"

"You..."

"Principal Zhou, you don't have to rush to refute my words. I have sufficient evidence to prove Jingxuan's innocence." Saying this, Father Zheng displayed a chart of a company's corporate representatives on the LCD screen in the school's public square.

It was a chart of the corporate representatives and principal staff of the well-known magic treasure design studio called Raven Studio, and Father Zheng had highlighted a person called Liu Yi.

"Principal Zhou, do you remember this name?"

"Liu Yi is my disciple. So? What's wrong with him?"

"Principal Zhou's disciple is of course capable. Back then, Liu Yi took first prize in the design competition on behalf of Magic Treasure Development College. Principal Zhou took a shine to Student Liu Yi's talent when the latter was a sophomore, and took him in as an inner disciple. Then, Fu Fusheng showed up, and Liu Yi planned to cooperate with him to establish a studio and create their own brand. Thus, during Student Liu's time in university, he recruited people from all over the place and gathered together all kinds of magic treasure design talents. Student Fu Fusheng and my son Zheng Jingxuan both received Student Liu Yi's invitation..."

Father Zheng slowly recounted, "Student Liu made a big name for himself and established Raven Studio. After recruiting Student Fu, he made him executive director, and then stepped back himself to serve as a corporate representatives and the company's PR. Principal Zhou, don't you think it's strange?"

"What do you want to say?" Principal Zhou grit his teeth.

"What I want to say is actually very simple."

Zheng Tianqiang said coldly, "I want to say that Student Liu Yi actually has no abilities at all. All his magic treasure designs in university, including the design entry for the competition, were nothing more than the works of my son Zheng Jingxuan in senior high... including the work in the plagiarism case three years ago!"





Chapter 1039 A Thought-Provoking Interrogation


Zheng Tianqiang's words caused an uproar among the teachers and students present. The truth was that this might just be the tip of the iceberg when it came to the dark secrets of the design industry. If there was conclusive evidence from three years ago that could successfully overturn this case, no one dared to imagine how it would affect this "upright principal."

Hence, a lot more people were like Principal Zhou and didn't believe it. It had already been three years, and Raven Studio was no longer that small studio from back then, but one which now enjoyed a flourishing, global reputation and which had completed preparations toward becoming listed. If anything incriminating leaked in this period, it was unlikely that Raven Studio would be able to turn things around.

"Father Zheng, since you say that, do you have any proof?" A university lecturer stepped forward of his own accord.

Zheng Tianqiang curled his lip — he had been waiting for this question for so long.

Now that things had come to this point, it was self-evident how important the facts were. At the very beginning, Zheng Tianqiang had wanted to somehow draw attention to this incident. The point, however, was that he hadn't killed anyone — those dead Magic Treasure Development University students had already been murdered by the time he rushed over.

The dead alchemist was the witness who had blown open the plagiarism case back then.

Although Father Zheng had yet to obtain any direct proof, that programmer was the person who had directed the public opinion online back then. When the truth of the situation was still unclear, this student from the same year as Zheng Jingxuan in university was a bystander who spread all kinds of rumors online. In the end, he had directed the violence on the Internet at Zheng Jinxuan.

As for the female live streamer, she was Student Fu Fusheng's ex-girlfriend from university.

These three people were key witnesses who had died just before Father Zheng arrived.

Of course, the most unlucky one was Student Shen Guangrong.

Just as the suspect had been about to kill Student Shen Guangrong, Father Zheng had used his own strength to help hold the murderer back through the screen.

Father Zheng determined that this Student Shen Guangrong was very likely a red herring, randomly chosen so that the police wouldn't make the connection between this case and the magic treasure plagiarism case from three years ago.

As for who the criminal was, Father Zheng actually already a rough idea.

He sensed that a deep and impenetrable abyss was waiting for him somewhere up ahead, and he didn't know what he would face if he continued to probe deeper.

But what Father Zheng understood very well was that he was a father!

As a father, he would do what he was supposed to — clear his son's name!

Father Zheng walked out of the broadcast room. The students and the teacher who had been giving a lecture in the auditorium earlier had already calmed down after the initial panic. So far, they really couldn't link everything that Father Zheng had done to that savage serial killer.

Most of them were observing the situation.

During the public lecture in the auditorium, a shadow had suddenly streaked out of the screen and ultimately coalesced into Father Zheng in front of them.

Father Zheng was very strong; in the split second that he appeared, everyone in the auditorium had been tied up and immobilized with the shadow's power.

Father Zheng then had the female teacher who had been giving the lecture confiscate all the students' phones, and he activated the barrier inside the auditorium to block messages from being possibly sent out with aural spells.

Which led to the current scene.

Father Zheng walked slowly out of the broadcast room and went up to the podium. He straightened and saluted, before bowing deeply to everyone.

"This teacher and all students, I've startled you. I'll have to trouble you to accompany for a little while longer, until I've accomplished what a father should do." Father Zheng bowed again.

The students and teacher in the auditorium were unusually cooperative. They were freshmen, and while they had heard about that plagiarism case from back then, they hadn't personally experienced it themselves. At that time, they were so busy for the college entrance exam and hadn't had the time to concern themselves with online comments.

It was for this very reason that Father Zheng chose to hold this group of students hostage.

They were a relatively neutral party, who viewed the rights and wrongs of this incident more from the standpoint of onlookers.

On the other hand, Father Zheng also needed direct witnesses.

All the witnesses he had been looking for were dead. Since there were no longer any witnesses from back then, he had to think about finding new ones.

"Things have already come to this point, but you're still hiding? I still have a lot of evidence. If I leak all of them, wouldn't you be locked up for the rest of your life?" Father Zheng stood with his hands behind his back. He was wearing pitch black traditional attire, and when he released his aura, his clothes fluttered despite the lack of a breeze as he automatically assumed the air of a master.

Father Zheng had been searching for evidence all this time after the plagiarism case, and it had been extremely difficult. The person behind the scenes had been gradually erasing all the evidence bit by bit — all of the results of Father Zheng's years of painstaking effort had already been released just now.

The witnesses had disappeared, so he had to produce new witnesses.

The evidence had disappeared, so he also had to produce new evidence.

As Father Zheng was speaking, he had already sensed that the person he was looking for had already slipped into the auditorium without being noticed. This soundless infiltration was also the main method used in the serial killings at the apartments.

"Student Liu Yi, isn't it time for you to come out?"

"Liu Yi? Senior Liu Yi is here?" Everyone inside the auditorium was shocked.

All the teachers and students, plus the police, also clearly heard the words via broadcast.

"No way! Liu Yi wouldn't kill anyone! He wouldn't do something like that! Zheng Tianqiang, don't talk rubbish!" Principal Zhou Dongye stepped forward, an extremely agitated expression on his face.

"Principal Zhou, do you have any evidence to back up your words?" Gao Tian looked askance at him.

"Liu Yi... Liu Yi... He couldn't have done this! His entire golden core was removed in his first year of university because of a tumor! That's to say, he can't use any magic! He's a lot weaker than even an ordinary cultivator! Those three dead students were all at the Golden Core stage; Liu Yi wouldn't be able to defeat them at all! So it's impossible for him to be the murderer!" Principal Zhou said anxiously.

"He can't be the murderer just because he can't use spiritual energy?" Father Zheng laughed. "Principal Zhou Dongye, until now you're still lying to yourself — how pathetic. He might not be able to use spiritual energy, but as long as he has a powerful enough rechargeable magic treasure, he can still do violence. Among my son Jingxuan's high school works, there was a design drawing for a magic treasure which could kill people through a screen without leaving a trace. Student Liu Yi stole this drawing and developed it... I want to ask Student Liu Yi, after stealing so many of my son's designs, have you paid the copyright fees for them?"





Chapter 1040 Sinner


Father Zheng's question resonated powerfully.

No one expected that the magic treasure plagiarism case which had shaken the whole nation three years ago would actually be laid bare here — Father Zheng was holding an auditorium of university students hostage, and the event was being live streamed online, which drew even more attention.

The cultivation police station tried to block the news, but it was already too late — through the efforts of a single person, Daoist Guang, it had already spread all over the whole globe, becoming an event which the whole world was following closely.

As the number one live streamer, Daoist Guang had a huge number of Light Chasers behind him.

Of course, Daoist Guang had chosen to live stream this incident not only because Wang Ling had secretly talked to him about it, but also because Daoist Guang himself wanted more people to know the truth of this case and reflect on it.

Student Zheng Jingxuan hadn't been able to bear the strange looks and had died an unjust death under the public's condemnation; he had chosen suicide as a way to preserve his last dignity.

"If you've never experienced it yourself personally, please don't be so quick to judge others or a situation," Daoist Guang said to everyone watching in the live stream room.

What had really killed Student Zheng Jingxuan wasn't the "plagiarism case" itself, but the reflection of human nature that had followed.

It could be said that it was the online users — who hadn't pondered the incident nor carried out further investigation, who had just being carried away with the trend — who had pushed Student Zheng Jingxuan into the true abyss.

The entire auditorium was lost in silence after Father Zheng voiced the possibility that Liu Yi was a criminal. The latter had yet to appear, but Father Zheng knew very well that Liu Yi was here, lurking in the dark as he pondered his countermove.

All these years, Liu Yi had remained in the background and used work he had stolen to package himself as a talent in the eyes of the people. If he rashly came out now, his esteemed reputation and accomplishments would all disappear.

Father Zheng was waiting for Liu Yi to step forward and admit his mistakes of his own accord.

But it was clear that a person whose fame had gone to his head wouldn't show himself so easily.

"Student Liu Yi, I know you're already here. Even if you aren't willing to admit it, what I said was true." Father Zheng stood with his hands behind his back and a composed expression on his face, without any sign of nervousness nor fluster.

Father Zheng smiled bitterly. "To be honest, Liu Yi, I don't blame you — I won't blame someone without any talent. When Jingxuan was still alive, I had always been against him going into the field of magic treasure design; the waters in this industry are too deep, and I was worried that he would fall in sooner or later. But Liu Yi, your appearance at least confirmed that Jingxuan was a genius, didn't it?"

Father Zheng looked up at the ceiling and heaved a sigh. "After this plagiarism incident, Jingxuan once talked to me about how the people around him treated him differently. Before the case, he was the center of attention at school, but after, he was treated with disdain and censure wherever he went. Even his closest friends started to keep their distance.

"To the students from his batch, who watched Jingxuan walk step by step into the abyss, who never once gave him a helping hand — looking at this case again, how do you feel now, I wonder? It was the violence he experienced at your hands, and the irresponsible opinions online, that thoroughly pushed Jingxuan into the abyss."

Everyone was silent.

Principal Zhou Dongye's expression had become exceedingly unsightly.

The cold shoulder was also a type of school violence. As principal, he couldn't avoid shouldering this blame.

At the same time, Principal Zhou felt a little scared.

He was scared that the truth from back then would really be turned on its head.

Even less had he expected that his own "impartial and incorruptible" philosophy would actually harm his own student. Principal Zhou dropped to his knees in distress, his heart slowly crushed by Father Zheng's words.

But this wasn't the outcome that Father Zheng wanted.

"Student Liu Yi, I'm waiting for you here. If you still have a conscience, please come forward yourself." Father Zheng stood on the podium in the auditorium, like a priest who was praying — never had he hoped more than in that moment for that person to come forward himself.

He knew very well that his son Zheng Jingxuan was already dead; there was no point in mourning him or trying to bring him back to life. The only thing Father Zheng wanted was an apology.

So that, at least, his son's soul could forever rest in peace.

After waiting for another five minutes, Father Zheng's countenance gradually turned heavy; it looked like it really was futile to hope for a wicked sinner to apologize.

Whether it was the homicidal maniac who killed an innocent female university student abroad, or the shameless pervert who laid his hands on little kids, they were twisted characters who justified their despicable behavior with the shameless belief that the world owed them. It was precisely because of this that they never truly repented — their deep-seated belief was that this was nothing more than their compensation from Heaven.

Father Zheng had always felt that this sort of scum of society shouldn't have their faces pixelated in the news. Instead, their repulsive behavior should be laid bare so that the world could clearly see their twisted appearances.

Father Zheng initially just wanted to expose the truth of the matter. He didn't want to hurt anyone, not even Liu Yi. He needed Liu Yi to repent and turn himself in. But now, if he wanted Liu Yi to be brought to justice, Father Zheng felt that unless he used slightly unusual means, it would be very hard to expose the truth.

...

On the other side, Gao Tian had already ordered the intelligence department to acquire all the latest information on Father Zheng, but a lot of it was old news.

After Zheng Jingxuan's death, Father Zheng disappeared, and cut off contact with his family for a time. He was placed on a missing persons list as early as two years ago.

But the information was still quite helpful to Gao Tian; at least, it helped him gain a better understanding of Father Zheng.

"Find anything new?" Xiao Yin asked at his side.

"Nothing special." Gao Tian examined the information on Zheng Tianqiang. Father Zheng was a Songhai local, who grew up and went to university in the city.

There didn't seem to be any problems with the information, but when he looked at the box for the realm registered, Gao Tian frowned deeply.

"Golden Core stage?" Gao Tian found it suspicious.

Judging by Father Zheng's aura, his realm was at the Nascent Soul stage at the very least...

He wasn't a descendant of Mysterious Saint Tyrant Song 1 ... so how had his realm improved so quickly in the span of three years?

1(Main protagonist of the Chinese novel "Cultivation Chat Group .. ")





Chapter 1041 Abnormal Realm Growth


Modern cultivation society was not short of serendipitous encounters, and many cultivators were able to improve their realms in a short period of time after chancing upon various types of opportunities. This sort of improvement wasn't considered too unusual. Moreover, there was a frequent trend toward minor advancements in realms. In the Cultivation Encyclopedia , there was a special term for this sort of minor improvement in a short period of time: minor ascension.

But Father Zheng's situation was clearly different. Such a huge leap in realm was usually unavoidably linked to illicit drugs or forbidden spells.

"This an abnormal growth rate for his realm. How can anyone improve this fast? This isn't a novel..." Gao Tian stared at the report and began to reexamine the incident in his mind. Zheng Jingxuan's dad hadn't harmed any of the hostages yet, but either way, taking them prisoner was already a crime.

Just like some criminals, who might put a knife to a person's neck, but in fact didn't dare hurt them at all. Killing was a severe crime, and these criminals didn't dare take risks so easily. Unless they were forced to do so, a hostage-taker usually wouldn't harm the hostage, as this would be going overboard.

And to protect the hostage, the police would do whatever they could to accommodate the criminal's demands in order to lower the latter's guard in a rescue situation.

However, there was one exception to this rule, which was a special regulation which the cultivation police had for abduction cases and hostage situations.

"What's wrong with abnormal realm growth?" Xiao Yin asked, puzzled.

He didn't really understand the situation. After all, he had seen for himself how heaven-defying his Master Wang Ling was... At the beginning, Wang Ling's realm advanced at a rate of one level every two years. Now, it was growing at an ever increasing rate, with the intervals between realm advancements getting shorter and shorter.

Xiao Yin knew very well that because of this, his Master was looking for a way to perfectly control his strength. Of course, Wang Ling and Father Zheng were in slightly different situations. Wang Ling's growth was natural, while Gao Tian believed that Father Zheng might have cultivated some forbidden spell or taken some illicit drug.

"It's over." Gao Tian broke out in a cold sweat as he stared at the report. "If this goes on, there is a high chance that Father Zheng will be killed on site under the special regulation."

"Is rapid realm growth against the law?" Er Ha asked.

"A rapid increase isn't against the law, but it's dangerous when coupled with a hazardous move like taking hostages." Gao Tian's expression turned heavy. He explained to Xiao Yin and Er Ha, "There is a 95% chance that an abnormal growth rate is the result of using illicit drugs or forbidden spells. The reason they are included in a list of prohibitions is that they severely endanger a cultivator's body and even the mind after cultivation. If you cultivate forbidden spells to deliberate harm others, you'll definitely be convicted.

"In our world, even the mentally ill who break the law are held accountable! In addition, their families are also implicated. If family members don't carry out the proper supervisory obligations, they will also be charged."

Gao Tian explained the current situation.

In short, it didn't look optimistic. Whether it was taking illicit drugs or using forbidden spells, there was no guarantee that a cultivator could preserve a stable mental state after trying either method. What Gao Tian was now most worried about was that the upper levels would notice the abnormal leap in realms in the data, and directly take charge across the distance to forcefully attack and kill Father Zheng... At that point, the situation would definitely become an utter mess, and the truth of the case from three years ago might be buried in the chaos once more, leaving things unsettled.

Whether it was the hostages getting injured or Father Zheng being prevented from revealing the truth, Gao Tian didn't want to see either of these happen.

Elsewhere, in the Cultivation Police Bureau head office, Chief Zhao smacked the top of a table. "Tell me! What the hell is the situation now?! Why hasn't the Immortal Arts Mobile Squadron made a move? What the hell are they doing? A murderer has taken hostages inside. His realm's growth rate is so abnormal, something is clearly wrong! If his mind becomes unstable from using forbidden spells or drugs and he hurts the hostages, who can bear that responsibility?!"

The assistant wiped his sweat, and said placatingly on the side, "Don't be angry, chief... Right now, most of the attention online is focused on that case from three years ago. The suspect, Zheng Tianqiang, hasn't hurt the hostages, and it may cause a public outcry if we act against him."

"Sorry, I was being overbearing. I apologize first. But we're under a lot of pressure from above with this case, and I want it solved as soon as possible." Chief Zhao rubbed his forehead and took a deep breath. "Who's in charge of this case?"

"Officer Gao Tian. He was promoted recently; Chief Zhao, you signed off on it..."

"Oh, him. I remember him." Chief Zhao nodded. "Comrade Gao Tian has been doing a good job. If he's in charge at the scene, then I can relax a little."

"There shouldn't be any problems. Furthermore, Group Leader Xiao Yin from the Office of Strategic Deception is also there. Group Leader Xiao Yin has quite a high realm. With his assistance, it'll be double insurance."

"A group leader from the Office of Strategic Deception is also there? That's reassuring." Hearing this, Chief Zhao was instantly relieved. He gripped the cup in front of him and slowly blew on it before drinking a mouthful of tea.

"Oh, that's right, Chief Zhao, I just received news that Director Zhuo Yi is on his way there."

" Pu... " Zhao Ju sprayed a mouthful of tea on the assistant's face in front of him. "Why is he going over?"

"I heard he was in the area. Director Zhuo is also the group leader of the Office of Strategic Deception's supervisory and investigation team. This is probably triple insurance!"

Chief Zhao: "..." What fucking triple insurance!

"Chief... you don't look so good. Do you have a problem with Director Zhuo?" After speaking, the assistant sensed he had said something wrong, and hurriedly shut his mouth.

Chief Zhao glanced at the little assistant. "Let me ask you, who caught the Old Devil a few months ago?"

"Director Zhuo..."

"And in the Immortal Mansion case?"

"Director Zhuo..."

"And Evil Sword God?"

"Still Director Zhuo..."

"Ah Zhen, I've been in this position for so many years. If I get one more commendation, I might be able to get a promotion. This Zhuo Yi isn't part of the police, but he gets all the credit every time. I..." Chief Zhao rubbed his heart, feeling stifled with vexation.

"Then does Chief Zhao mean..."

"Inform the Immortal Arts Mobile Squadron: have a tenth of them keep an eye on Zhuo Yi. Remember, after he's had a look at the scene, prompt him to leave as soon as possible..."

"Alright, Chief Zhao..."





Chapter 1042 The Second Force


Number 60 High was already on course to be promoted to a key city high school even though the fragments of the Jade Scroll of School History were still being collected. Like every other key city high school candidate, Number 60 High had to go through the General Administration of 100 Schools' procedure, and needed Zhuo Yi's personal examination and approval before he signed off on the matter.

Zhuo Yi had been planning to visit the summer break school construction teams from Number 60 High and some other candidate schools today, but on his way, he received a direct call from Secretary Dakang.

"Little Zhuozi, something's happened at Magic Treasure Development University; it seems that the Immortal Arts Mobile Squadron was deployed. A police officer called Gao Tian is handling matters at the scene. You go and take a look," said Secretary Dakang.

"Old leader... I'm on my way right now to meet the school construction teams. Since the police are already there, it won't make a difference if I go or not..." Zhuo Yi wiped at his sweat.

His main fear was going over, only to find that the case had already wound up and it would ineffably be chalked up to him yet again...

The Police Bureau's Chief Zhao was already unhappy about the incidents with the Old Devil and the Master of Immortal Mansion - Zhuo Yi felt that interfering with regular police work was indeed inappropriate.

But Secretary Dakang didn't think so. "Little Zhuozi, you're wrong. The General Administration of 100 Schools is in charge of all schools to begin with, including universities! The Police Bureau is handling the hostage situation, but what the General Administration of 100 Schools wants to deal with is building school discipline. Most of the online public opinion about that plagiarism case from three years ago is pretty negative. You go and fix school discipline, and the Police Bureau will rescue the hostages. There's no conflict of interest at all!"

Zhuo Yi: "..."

"We must treat these issues of school violence and academic cheating seriously and rectify them! As for that case from three years ago, I've already decided: you've been given special approval to investigate it."

Zhuo Yi: "Already approved? I... I haven't received the document..."

"It should be on the way." Phone in hand, Secretary Dakang glanced at the time on his computer screen before saying to Zhuo Yi, "Little Zhuozi, you should be in your car, right?"

"That's right, Zhong Lang is driving." Zhuo Yi nodded.

"Wind down the window," said Secretary Dakang.

"Alright..." Zhuo Yi followed the instruction, and just as the window went down, a document flew right into the car like a hidden weapon. Outside, a courier on a flying sword greeted Zhuo Yi elegantly. "General Director Zhuo, your express package has been delivered! Remember to give us five stars!"

Secretary Dakang: "Immortal Communication Express, Live to Deliver! Extremely reliable! There is absolutely nothing to worry about when you send a parcel with them, not like Federal Divine Express misrouting parcels1!"

1(Refers to Huawei's allegations that FedEx diverted some of their packages to the US.) Zhuo Yi: "..."

"Alright, that's all I have to say. We have to handle school discipline and the students' mindset. Little Zhuozi, I know you've been very busy recently with the development of key city high schools and with visiting some Golden Core universities to understand the problems they're having. Just like that case of international students being assigned three study partners each3, you must be strict in handling this matter!"

3(Shandong University received backlash for its "buddy system," which seemed to afford international students unfair privileges..) "Yes!" Zhuo Yi nodded earnestly.

"On the road from poverty to prosperity, our nation has long become used to viewing the world fairly. Many special privileges no longer exist, and more and more, everyone is being treated equally. Isn't it a joy to have friends from afar come? Being neither servile nor overbearing is the best form of respect3!"

3(Taken from a comment in People's Daily.) Secretary Dakang sighed emotionally. "It's not easy to rectify a school's unhealthy practices, but as long as we have outstanding civil servants like you, I believe that these schools can surely be led toward establishing new trends! After you're done with all this, I'll approve leave for you myself!"

"Yes, leader! I'll make sure to fulfil my duty!" Zhuo Yi nodded.

The old Secretary's heartfelt and logical words were so convincing that Zhuo Yi had no way of declining this assignment. As a matter of fact, Zhuo Yi had already been following the incident at Magic Treasure Development University in the car, and had planned to go over and take a look at the situation after he was done with his work.

"Little Lang, change of plans - head for Magic Treasure Development University. It's an assignment from the old Secretary himself," Zhuo Yi said in the back of the car.

"Then what about the school construction teams? It's almost time for the meeting..."

"I'll handle the issue with Magic Treasure Development University and leave the school construction teams to you. You've worked under me for so long, I trust your abilities. In addition, pay more attention to the materials - don't let them stint on the materials and skimp on the job. If anything happens, you'll have to answer for it! I have faith in you!"

"Yes! I'll make sure to fulfil my duty!" Zhong Lang nodded earnestly, his tone the same as the one Zhuo Yi had used when talking with the old Secretary.

...

And then... there was no then...

Zhong Lang drove Zhuo Yi to the scene, and the police officers who saw him arrive couldn't help wiping at their cold sweat.

"You go and say it... I don't dare... isn't offending General Director Zhuo asking for trouble?"

"So it's fine to offend Chief Zhao?"

"Of course not..."

"Then you go!"

"Shit, why me?!"

Zhuo Yi was looking for someone to explain what the current situation was, when a deputy team leader was pushed to the front by the other officers. "General Director Zhuo... this is a hostage situation. If you've come to inspect our work, we welcome you, but please don't interfere too much."

"How do you define interfering too much?" Zhuo Yi laughed. "Let me ask you, this hostage situation, where is it happening?"

"At a university."

"Then what area does the General Administration of 100 Schools oversee?"

The deputy team leader: "..."

"It's fine, I'm not stealing your job from you." Zhuo Yi patted his shoulder. "Deputy Liu, don't be nervous. Rescuing the hostages is your job, while mine is to investigate the case from three years ago, so there's no conflict of interest."

After saying that, Zhuo Yi slapped the document with the old Secretary's signature on Deputy Liu's chest. "This is a document personally issued by Secretary Dakang of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools. He wants me to thoroughly investigate the plagiarism case from three years ago. If there are no objections, I believe Chief Zhao shouldn't have any complaints."

"..." Deputy Team Leader Liu took the document with trembling hands, his courage in speaking out earlier completely swept away.

Zhuo Yi: "So, what's the current situation?"

Deputy Team Leader Liu: "There hasn't been any movement for some time... The lives of the hostages aren't under threat for now, but the Immortal Arts Mobile Squadron is already prepared to take action. We've taken into consideration the abnormal improvement in the suspect's realm, possibly from taking illicit drugs or cultivating forbidden spells, which can cause mental instability."

"Then did he provide any new evidence for the case from three years ago?"

"Not yet so far."

"What about the Liu Yi who was mentioned before? If Zheng Tianqiang was making empty accusations, wouldn't Liu Yi have stepped out to refute them?"

"We've already sent people to look for him," Deputy Team Leader Liu replied.

At that moment, a police officer ran over in a flurry. "Deputy Team Leader Liu, there's a problem!"

"What now?"

"We've found Liu Yi! He was at home!"

"Bring him over!"

"He's dead... He died the same way as those at the apartments..."

"Could this be... dead men tell no tales?" Zhuo Yi thought that the case was becoming more interesting.

Looking at the current situation, it was clear that apart from Father Zheng, there was a second force "working hard" because of that case from back then.





Chapter 1043 Why Are the Melon-Eating Masses Called as Such?


Liu Yi had been killed at home in the same manner as the other Magic Treasure Development University students at Divine Leisure Apartments; there were no visible signs of a break-in when they were killed. This person's technique was formidable, and they were instant kills... Whether it was strength, motive, or manner of break-in, when all three were combined together, Father Zheng was undoubtedly the prime suspect.

The police were suppressing news of the case for now and hadn't made it public yet because the case was really too suspicious. Almost all the key figures in the plagiarism case from three years ago were dead. If Father Zheng had killed them purely for revenge, there was no need for him to deliberately plan and organize this hostage drama at all to let everyone know about this incident from three years ago.

It would be enough for him to just kill all of his targets of revenge behind the scenes.

So, the situation now was very clear.

This was a set-up!

At the scene, Gao Tian, Xiao Yin and Zhuo Yi all had this same thought after hearing the news that Liu Yi had been killed.

But right now, they had no idea at all what this second party behind the scenes was.

In the auditorium, Father Zheng also broke out in a cold sweat. He had been waiting for Liu Yi to come forward of his own accord. Since Liu Yi hadn't shown any signs of repenting after a long while, Father Zheng had been prepared to activate his magic to directly grab Liu Yi on the other end of the screen and interrogate him on the spot.

In the end, when Father Zheng's spiritual senses infiltrated Liu Yi's place, he saw Liu Yi in front of the computer, already dead...

His throat had been directly cut open and the blood had sprayed onto the ceiling. Beads of blood dripped down from the scarlet ceiling non-stop; it was like a scene out of a horror movie.

Dazed, Father Zheng withdrew his spiritual senses.

Liu Yi was dead...

Just like that, the most important person in overturning the case's original verdict was gone, which was a massive blow to Father Zheng. Who on earth was it, to actually be able to stay a few steps ahead and even make a move right in front of him?

Father Zheng was a little afraid of this hidden power. It felt like a curse, as if the intangible power of a curse was thwarting his every move. If he couldn't overturn the case this time, there might not be anyone left after he went to jail who could help clear his son of this injustice that had been buried for three years.

If he wanted the matter clarified, it had to be here and now, when interest in the case was at its peak.

Everyone knew that as bystanders, online users would usually pay attention to something for only seven days. A massive incident would ferment online for a short week before it was drowned out by some new event and people ultimately lost interest in it.

Actually, the situation wasn't necessarily as pessimistic as Father Zheng had imagined, and a very important reason for this was: Zhuo Yi had come.

Zhuo Yi's arrival meant that the case would be 100% solved perfectly and would 100% be credited to Zhuo Yi.

Thanks to Father Zheng, the entire country now knew about this incident. More and more people began to pay attention to the truth of the plagiarism case from three years ago, and naturally, there were students among the melon-eating masses...

Whether it was Number 60 High's class chat groups or the private "happy study (copy homework)" small chat groups, they were flooded with messages about the Magic Treasure Development University incident.

Chen Chao had been very depressed in the last two days after running into Old Pan when he had gone out to copy homework, but his gloom had been lifted slightly by the Magic Treasure Development University incident. Scientific research showed that when people ate melons (which in layman terms was known as gossiping), their brains would secrete a hormone called dopamine, which made them feel good and happy. It had more or less the same effect as eating sugar.

This meant that gossiping and eating sugar could make people feel happy.

As the saying went, "don't care about things that have nothing to do with you"; why were the melon-eating masses called as such? Because melons were sweet! And something that was sweet could make people happy!

"I think this injustice against Senior Zheng has to be real." Chen Chao's words in the chat were surprising.

Anyone else reading the words would think nothing of it, but they made Wang Ling shudder. If he hadn't believed it before, he had to now! Chen Chao's blessed mouth wasn't something he was born with, but which he had cultivated. After exploring Chen Chao's memories last time, Wang Ling had a brand new awareness and understanding of this monstrous mouth...

"The witness was the key, but now the witness is gone." Guo Hao sighed.

"Isn't there a Liu Yi? This Father Zheng is holding an entire auditorium hostage to intimidate Liu Yi into coming forward. As long as Liu Yi is willing to come out, everything will be fine. Unless, Liu Yi's dead," Chen Chao added.

Wang Ling: "..."

Guo Hao: "He really is dead..."

Chen Chao: "WTF? I was just saying it casually - don't mess around!"

Guo Hao: "It's true! I have an uncle at the Police Bureau who told me that Liu Yi died so miserably. Also, he died in exactly the same way as those graduates at Divine Leisure Apartments. Right now, the police's biggest suspect is Father Zheng, since almost all the evidence and the motive point to him."

Wang Ling was stupefied. "..."

With Chen Chao's mouth and Guo Hao's uncles, these two could absolutely open a detective agency. If they had been born a few decades earlier, the world wouldn't have needed Conan...

"Ai, then things don't look good now. I saw a lot of people analyzing it online earlier: this Liu Yi was a key person. Father Zheng was counting on Liu Yi to overturn the case. Whether Liu Yi was willing to tell the truth or not, at the very least, Father Zheng needed him alive!" Su Xiao sent a message in the group chat. "As for that Student Fu Fusheng, he doesn't know anything at all and was manipulated by Liu Yi all along. In the end, the mastermind is dead, and there's no one alive who can give us the truth."

"Not necessarily," Chen Chao said suddenly. "I'm thinking there might be one possibility."

"What is it?"

"There might have been other witnesses at the scene three years ago. And there might also have been other witnesses around when Liu Yi died," replied Chen Chao.

Wang Ling sent several question marks. "???"

"First of all, what I want to say is that I'm not referring to human witnesses. Old buildings like Divine Leisure Apartments will inevitably have cockroaches and ants, right? Maybe they saw what happened three years ago as well as when Liu Yi was killed!" Following another train of thought, Chen Chao said, "I know there's a spell for communicating with living creatures. Guo Hao should know more about this than I do."

Guo Hao nodded. "There is. If you're a high-ranking pet trainer, you can do it... Maybe we could get Teacher Wei Zhi to help out. Maybe there really is hope. But the problem is, how would we find these cockroaches or ants?"

"That's a question for Number 59 High's professional pest control team."

"Number 59 High... pest control team... do you mean..."

"That's right, it's that bunch of cats that showed up at Number 59 High before, led by that black cat. I heard that after the spirit sword exchange meet, the black cat took the lead in destroying Shadow Stream's headquarters. After that, they became famous and rode the momentum by starting a pest control business," Chen Chao said.

Wang Ling, Guo Hao, and Su Xiao: "..."

Chen Chao: "I heard that with that black cat as their head, their business has already expanded to cover all of Songhai's major districts. It's much easier for them than it is for us to find cockroaches, ants and whatnot. The most important thing is that they know how to hold back their strength. The people who hire them hate pests like cockroaches and mosquitoes to death, and many want these pests caught alive. Hence, the cats are especially careful when catching the pests. In the end, these things are handed over alive to the clients, who crush them."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 1044 Lee Zheng Tan's Business


As Chen Chao said, after the spirit sword exchange meet between Number 60 High and Number 59 High, the black cat called Zheng Tan became a cat overlord in the area, and Zheng Tan's small "independent regiment" developed into a dozen or so military divisions.

Zheng Tan had never imagined in its entire life that it would have so many troops.

With the increase in the number of cats under Zheng Tan, business naturally started to expand rapidly. Zheng Tan's pest control team was now very large; in Songhai at least, there were no longer any human firms that could compete with the cat regiment led by Black Tan - cats were innately talented at catching the quick little pests to begin with.

Zheng Tan's pest control team had now expanded overseas, and Zheng Tan even gave itself an English name: Lee Zheng Tan. It had no choice but to follow the trend in order to make foreign connections.

Of course, this was typical trade practice, but it was still fundamentally different compared with certain schools that demeaned themselves by looking for study partners for their foreign students. The business abroad didn't do as well as in the domestic market, and Lee Zheng Tan donated all the international profits toward building local Hope Primary Schools.

Nowadays, even a stray cat knew the importance of equality. There should be mutual respect between living creatures. Demeaning yourself and licking the boots of outsiders was disgraceful, even in the eyes of a stray cat.

"Mr Lee Zheng Tan, we truly admire your team." In that same tree hole outside Number 59 High, Lee Zheng Tan was in foreign business discussions with a white cat with curly fur which held out one paw. This was a breed native to Mixiu: the Curly Spirit Fairy. A native spirit cat, it was inherently endowed with keen spiritual intelligence and formidable combat ability.

But they were too attractive, so many cultivators would rather keep and feed them at home rather than let them fight, for fear that they would hurt themselves.

Thus, the Curly Spirit Fairies in Mixiu gradually lost the ability to survive in the "wild": when they saw mice and cockroaches, they would meow in fright. Lee Zheng Tan had seen the business opportunity in this, which was why it had expanded the business abroad.

The Curly Spirit Fairy in front of Lee Zheng Tan was called Mary, who could be considered a representative of all of Mixiu's cats as it came across the ocean to negotiate. Mary's owner loved her very much and had directly booked an entire immortal boat to send Mary over, stunning Lee Zheng Tan and the other cats around it with this extravagant gesture.

While the deal had been sealed, Lee Zheng Tan wasn't in a good mood. This was a major venture, and according to Lee Zheng Tan and Mary's agreement, a large number of cats on this side would be employed on a long-term basis and follow Mary back to get rid of the insects and mice problem which Mary and her compatriots faced.

Partings were always sad.

Another thing that made Lee Zheng Tan unhappy was the news currently being broadcast on TV, which had to do with Father Zheng and the hostage situation, and which was linked to a magic treasure plagiarism case from three years ago.

"Boss, the deal is settled; you should be happy," the Monk said comfortingly. It and the others had no idea what was wrong with their boss; they sensed that their boss had been absent-minded ever since it had seen the news.

Lee Zheng Tan didn't say a word. It shook its tail at Mary politely before going out to climb the trunk of the old locust tree. Standing securely atop a branch, it stared off in one direction. The sun was setting at an angle, the light breaking through the tree cover to shine in patches on the black cat's body, as if spreading a floral skirt over it.

"A riot of flowers gradually enchant the eye..." Looking at this scene, the Monk couldn't help reciting a poem. It came back to itself a moment later, and turned to look at Mary, their big client. "Miss Mary, our sincere apologies. Our boss is temperamental, and suddenly becomes moody at times."

"Oh~ it's fine, I don't mind at all. That's the charm of such a cat!" The curly ahoge on Miss Mary's head kept flicking back and forth, and she had an infatuated smile on her face. Why did Mary want to do such big business with Lee Zheng Tan's team? A very large part of the reason was that she had taken a fancy to Lee Zheng Tan.

This was an aloof cat that was free of worldly and vulgar taste. Furthermore, it had still been able to act reserved after seeing Mary. This was really too rare! Mary was already deeply attracted to Lee Zheng Tan's temperament. To her mind, a melancholy Lee Zheng Tan was the most handsome cat.

Ah! How good would it be if she could have a child with Lee Zheng Tan in this lifetime!

"Miss Mary? Miss Mary?" the Monk called out softly. Seeing that Miss Mary was still absorbed in the boss's looks, the Monk left dejectedly. Beauty was in the eye of the cat beholder... It was none of the Monk's business.

Instead, it was Lee Zheng Tan's unusual state that the Monk was worried about. Although the boss had indeed become more melancholy after the cat regiment was set up, as its trusted aide of many years, the Monk could still tell whether or not it was truly melancholy that was reflected in the boss's eyes.

In short, its boss was a little strange today.

Was it because of the news about Magic Treasure Development University?

The Monk thought back carefully. Three years ago, the independent regiment had still been very small, and basically had no business dealings with Magic Treasure Development University. However, they did take a job at that Divine Leisure Apartments, where those serial murders had taken place.

And the Monk clearly remembered that under their boss Lee Zheng Tan, they destroyed the base of the most horrible cockroach gang leader in Divine Leisure Apartments: the king of cockroaches in all of Songhai city, Cockroach Wenqiang

The Monk had even stepped on it a few times after this guy was caught, but it never thought that this small cockroach could be so tenacious - not only wasn't it injured in any way, it even yelled again and again that it felt good. That cockroach gang leader was now confined to a fortified goldfish tank and couldn't escape at all.

Why put it in a goldfish tank?

The reason was very simple.

Because it was the king of cockroaches, Cockroach Wenqiang was pretty big, about the size of two human adult palms. It could even fly, and when the steel wings on its back were spread open, their ability to cut through things was extremely destructive.

Why was Cockroach Wenqiang so powerful? The reason was very simple: it was a pure-blooded southern cockroach!! In addition, as the king of cockroaches, it also had an extremely strong reproductive ability, which meant that it could produce thousands of cockroaches in a single brood. These cockroaches would reproduce in turn, and if unimpeded, their population could expand to make one loop around the world.

But fortunately, Cockroach Wenqiang had already been captured by the independent regiment. After the biggest cockroach gang in Songhai was wiped out, the cockroaches in every home were quiet for a period of time at least...

Seeing that its boss Lee Zheng Tan wasn't in a good mood, the Monk was wondering whether to lift the goldfish tank which Cockroach Wenqiang was imprisoned in as a diversion. Just then, the Monk smelled a very familiar scent.

It abruptly lifted its head.

Immortal Meow...

This was Immortal Meow's scent!





Chapter 1045 Why Are Southern Cockroaches So Big?


It could be said that the conflict between the cockroach gang and the cat group started before the independent regiment was established. This was a worldwide underground clash which, like the enmity between cultivators and demons and devils, had been ongoing for over a thousand years.

Every beast in the spirit beast circle knew that the cockroach gang and the cat group couldn't exist alongside each other.

For so many years, the cockroach gang had been despised for their gross habits. For example, they liked to live in greasy and unbearably foul-smelling sewers and didn't care one bit for their own hygiene. They contaminated food with their greasy and bacteria-ridden bodies, carrying deadly germs to all corners of the city.

How terrible were cockroaches in the cultivation world? They were more tenacious than normal cockroaches and had a strong reproductive ability, and cultivators were defeated one by one when they ran into cockroaches. Many cultivators even chose to move out right away after discovering a cockroach nest at home. Once they were discovered, it didn't take more than a few days for these cockroaches to get into every corner of the house; when you opened the door, you would see these black things flitting haphazardly through the air on their steel wings.

Hence, getting rid of cockroaches and protecting the environment of the cultivation world required all cultivators to work together. The cockroaches reproduced so rapidly that it was impossible to eradicate them, so at the very least, they had to be suppressed through a cull of their numbers every year.

There was now a cultivator Pest Control Guild specially responsible for dealing with all kinds of pest problems, which would put up mission announcements in the lobby depending on the pest situation in various regions. Cultivators who undertook these assignments would receive a soul collector in the shape of a watch, which recorded the number of cockroaches killed. The assignment was considered complete once a quota was reached.

When the assignment was completed, cultivators would receive an official certificate issued by Huaxiu Alliance as well as immortal fate merit points which could be directly exchanged in the guild for cultivation resources.

This was easier said than done; several years after this operation was launched, Huaxiu Alliance and the Pest Control Guild realized that it was difficult to completely suppress the pest problem by relying on the strength of cultivators alone. Moreover, they incurred additional losses.

Given how widespread these pests were, a lot of cultivators who undertook these assignments chose to directly use their killer moves to get rid of them, some even using holy magic weapons to kill cockroaches... In the end, a huge number of cockroaches were eliminated, but their deaths were followed by major building damage...

Thus, the gains didn't make up for the losses.

After careful consideration, Huaxiu Alliance decided to start using spirit beasts in some areas to help kill pests, and the results of such a measure were exceptional!

A large part of the reason why the independent regiment was able to grow was due to support from Huaxiu Alliance. Not only was Lee Zheng Tan leading all cats in protecting the environment, it had also found a way for its cat group to survive and expand.

Of course, there was another very important reason the group was able to develop to this extent apart from the support from Huaxiu Alliance, which was that Lee Zheng Tan had caught the cockroach gang leader, Cockroach Wenqiang, himself.

Like the Monk said, when it was caught, it was a huge cockroach the size of two human adult palms.

But the truth was that this wasn't Cockroach Wenqiang's ultimate form.

Lee Zheng Tan had gone to a lot of effort to catch it. When Cockroach Wenqiang was caught, this guy had shrunk into a corner and stopped moving. Lee Zheng Tan had estimated that Cockroach Wenqiang was about to shed its skin at that moment, and it ordered the nearby cats to surround and take the weak Cockroach Wenqiang down.

And then, that was it. Cockroach Wenqiang was now imprisoned inside a glass fish tank and couldn't escape at all. After it was caught, Lee Zheng Tan had used waterboarding on it right away.

Of course, it was impossible to directly drown Cockroach Wenqiang. As the king of cockroaches, there was no need to explain how tenacious it was; even immersing it in wine was useless, and it would still live as well as ever. Thus, quick-witted Lee Zheng Tan had dissolved some oral contraceptives in water and immersed Cockroach Wenqiang in it for seven days and nights... directly making it sterile.

After finding out that it could no longer have children, Cockroach Wenqiang flew into an indignant rage. "You've gone too far!"

"What rubbish - our country only just implemented the two-child policy, while you have hundreds of millions of kids. You have some nerve." Lee Zheng Tan flung the words at Cockroach Wenqiang, and the latter was dumbstruck.

Given how tenacious Cockroach Wenqiang was, there was no way to kill it directly. Lee Zheng Tan simply decided to keep it in order to control its underlings; as long as Lee Zheng Tan had Cockroach Wenqiang, the other cockroaches would stay in line. The most important thing was that Lee Zheng Tan could even use Cockroach Wenqiang as bait to continually draw out nearby cockroaches; all that the cat regiment had to do was just wait for them to come out.

After seeing the news about Magic Treasure Development University, Lee Zheng Tan's feelings felt tumultuous for some reason. Sitting on that tree branch, it felt disconsolate for a while, before it went down to the fish tank to stare at Cockroach Wenqiang inside, its eyes glowing strangely.

Cockroach Wenqiang wasn't the least bit concerned since it knew that Lee Zheng Tan wasn't able to kill it, and it gloated. "Did you find a way to kill me? It's impossible - your realm is no more than peak late Foundation Establishment stage at most. A Soul Formation cultivator hit me with his palm before and thought that I would be crushed to dust, but I didn't die."

"I know." Lee Zheng Tan cut off Cockroach Wenqiang's drivel. The latter just wanted to remind Lee Zheng Tan not to bother wasting the effort; of course, Lee Zheng Tan understood this fact very well.

"I've come to negotiate with you. If you agree to my request, I might even let you go," Lee Zheng Tan said to Cockroach Wenqiang in front of the fish tank.

"You'll let me go?" Cockroach Wenqiang didn't dare believe it; its mouth opened and closed several times, while the two tentacles on top of its head trembled slightly at the words.

"The condition is that you must be able to fulfil my request," said Lee Zheng Tan.

"Let's hear it." Cockroach Wenqiang's feelers swayed rapidly like two windshield wipers; this was a particular habit it had when it was pondering a problem.

"A serial killer case - you might have already heard of it. I know that you have subordinates wherever there are humans. So, can you find a witness?" Lee Zheng Tan didn't beat around the bush and directly asked the question.

"Humans treat us like bugs and kill us without mercy. Why should we testify for them?" Cockroach Wenqiang laughed.

"Every living creature has the right to live, and you aren't an exception. But your fault is that you overproduce, which is a problem for other living creatures. This is why they want to exterminate you. If you can find a suitable witness, this may be a good opportunity to improve the situation." Lee Zheng Tan gave a serious analysis.

Cockroach Wenqiang pondered it.

Finally, it agreed to the request. "I can try looking, but you need to fulfil a request of my own."

"What is it?"

"The food you gave me in the past two days was subpar. I want better food."

"What do you want to eat?"

"There is a villa in the eastern suburbs owned by a fan of crispy noodle snacks. I want to eat his crispy noodle snacks. I don't need a whole packet, the remains is good enough. Get people to search for the plastic packaging at the nearby garbage point; even some crumbs will do." Cockroach Wenqiang started to drool as it spoke.

When it had still been a small cockroach, it had fed on these crumbs daily before growing to its current size. The later generations it produced were in turn several times larger than normal cockroaches.

So why had southern cockroaches become bigger and bigger over the years?

Everything could be traced back to the moment Wang Ling fell in love with crispy noodle snacks as a kid...





Chapter 1046 The Great Earthquake


In the end, the biggest reason for the meteoric rise of Cockroach Wenqiang and the cockroach gang was the leftovers from the crispy noodle snacks that Wang Ling had eaten. What kind of divine treasure were the leftovers of the Immortal King's crispy noodle snacks? Just a little bit was enough for a small cockroach to grow to the size of a rabbit...

Wang Ling knew this was his fault, which was why he had come forward to take responsibility now. To be honest, if Chen Chao and Guo Hao hadn't mentioned using a cockroach as a witness, Wang Ling probably wouldn't have remembered this matter.

Back when the cockroach gang had been at its worst, Wang Ling had thought about solving the problem himself; in the end, it was at that moment that Lee Zheng Tan's independent regiment stepped out and dominated the scene. Wang Ling didn't make a move, because if he did, all the cockroaches in the world would have been destroyed in an instant. Every living creature existed for a reason. Even if cockroaches were pests, they were still part of the food chain. As long as they could be controlled, there in fact wasn't any need to kill every last one of them.

And now, Wang Ling had once again shown up in his long-unused guise as "Immortal Meow" because he wanted Cockroach Wenqiang to atone for its sins with its own actions.

So when Wang Ling appeared here, all the cats were utterly stunned. The Monk was already too excited to speak and fell flat on its bottom as it gripped its head with its paws with a disbelieving expression on its face. Wang Ling's Immortal Meow persona had always been a legend in the cat world, and something big always happened every time it appeared. When they saw Wang Ling, all the cats couldn't help kowtowing in worship, and Lee Zheng Tan was no exception.

Cockroach Wenqiang was astonished when it saw that even Lee Zheng Tan had knelt down after Wang Ling appeared. "So you're the boss behind the cats..." It had been suspicious before: there was no way Lee Zheng Tan could have taken down the cockroach gang with its cats alone. After Wang Ling showed up, Cockroach Wenqiang instantly understood.

Staring at Cockroach Wenqiang, Wang Ling didn't open his mouth.

A voice sounded directly in Cockroach Wenqiang's mind.

In accordance with Immortal Meow's regality, Wang Ling chose to speak telepathically, and requested that Cockroach Wenqiang testify in court.

In the end, Cockroach Wenqiang had a very tough attitude. "The terms you agreed to before can't be changed, or don't expect me to testify! In any case, you can't beat me to death, and I won't starve to death here either. Let's see who dies first!"

Its attitude was so vile that Wang Ling choked on his words. This cockroach that had grown this big on the leftovers from Wang Ling's crispy noodle snacks, and who was so arrogant about how invulnerable it was, had actually learned how to act like a tyrant? Wang Ling felt that he had to teach Cockroach Wenqiang a lesson.

Hence, in the next moment, Wang Ling lifted his cat paw and ordered Lee Zheng Tan to release Cockroach Wenqiang from the fish tank.

Cockroach Wenqiang was a little stunned. It didn't know what this white cat, which had suddenly shown up, was capable of, but since it could boss Lee Zheng Tan around, its realm should be higher than Lee Zheng Tan's, right?

Golden Core? Nascent Soul?

Cockroach Wenqiang assessed Wang Ling's realm, and felt that the white cat's level was only just so - it didn't know exactly what breed the cat was, but how high could a spirit beast's realm go? Cockroach Wenqiang had provoked all the spirit beasts in the Pet Trainers Guild before, and none of them had been able to directly kill it.

It was a cockroach that had endured blows from Soul Formation cultivators - what kind of battles had it not seen?

How ridiculous.

After it was released from the goldfish tank, Cockroach Wenqiang could breathe free air once again. It stared at Wang Ling and crossed its legs in a very arrogant manner. "Let's hear it, how do you want to fight? I'm telling you, I'm a cockroach that can't be killed."

All the cats: "..."

Lee Zheng Tan started to cover its face with its paws. It had never seen someone court death so much...

But this was normal. Wang Ling's Immortal Meow persona was no more than a legend in the cat world which only the old cats of Lee Zheng Tan's generation knew about; it was only by hearing the stories from the old cats that newborn kittens learned about "Immortal Meow," and even fewer cats had seen Immortal Meow for real.

Lee Zheng Tan's independent regiment thus seemed more like a cat group favored by Wang Ling. The cats in the independent regiment had already seen Wang Ling no less than three times. This was also why many cats were willing to follow Lee Zheng Tan; in their eyes, Lee Zheng Tan was a cat favored by "god." If they followed Commander Lee, good things might happen to them.

But there was no way for Cockroach Wenqiang to understand the beliefs of the cat world. It even started to taunt Wang Ling, and was certain that Wang Ling's slap couldn't hurt it at all. "How about this, let's make a bet. If you can knock me out with one swat, I'll testify."

It could be said that this was the first time that Wang Ling had ever met such an arrogant cockroach... Even the Old Devil and Evil Sword God had seen their lives flash in front of their eyes after Wang Ling slapped them - the moment they were slapped, they were convinced they were going to die.

Cockroach Wenqiang, on the other hand, actually thought that it would only be knocked out at worst - this baffling confidence annoyed Wang Ling.

Of course, he wouldn't swat Cockroach Wenqiang to death, since he needed Cockroach Wenqiang to find a witness from back then.

But he could still teach Cockroach Wenqiang a lesson.

Gathering a measure of strength, Wang Ling imbued his paw with primordial qi. Deep blue streams of air instantly sprang up out of his paw, rising up like colored vapor.

The materialization of spiritual energy...

The cats were petrified.

It could only be said that Immortal Meow was in the end Immortal Meow... This was the manifestation of spiritual power at its peak, and was proof of a high concentration of spiritual energy, which led directly to spiritual qi taking the form of vapor when it was released.

It was the sign of an expert.

Because there were very few cultivators that could materialize "spiritual energy."

Cockroach Wenqiang broke out in a cold sweat. It never expected this white cat to be so different from any spirit beast it had ever seen before. Even a Soul Formation cultivator couldn't materialize spiritual energy... unless the cat was...

At True Immortal level?

A True Immortal cat?

How was that possible?

Cockroach Wenqiang was alarmed. If that really was the case, then this Immortal Meow could be recorded down in The Cultivation Encyclopedia as an object of historical research. How could there be a living spirit beast like this in the world?

"Ready?" The next moment, Wang Ling opened his mouth and spoke in his form as Immortal Meow for the first time.

Before Cockroach Wenqiang could react, that paw pulsing with power was already flying toward Cockroach Wenqiang. In the blink of an eye, hundreds of li around Number 59 High started to shake violently in a great earthquake...

And just as Wang Ling's paw was about to land on Cockroach Wenqiang's head, Cockroach Wenqiang was so scared it fainted...

And Wang Ling withdrew his paw just in time.

No one expected this sudden earthquake.

Songhai was a coastal city and didn't sit on any cracks in the earth's crust. Earthquakes were very rare events. The magnitude of this sudden earthquake was 12.0, and it lasted for two seconds... Although it didn't cause any damage, this slap of Wang Ling's was in the end recorded down in The Cultivation Encyclopedia by geological experts, and caused human cultivators to reflect on protecting the natural environment.

Only Wang Ling and Lee Zheng Tan's cat regiment knew that this "great earthquake" had been triggered just to scare a cockroach...





Chapter 1047 Miss Little Liang


Wang Ling's swat frightened Cockroach Wenqiang so much it passed out on the spot. At the same time, cultivators at the Songhai Earthquake Monitoring Center bustled about - the incident had happened suddenly and the monitoring magic devices were broken before anyone could react. Everyone was baffled as they stared at the spinning gauge pointers. What the heck was this?

The director of the monitoring center frowned deeply.

This sudden event had lasted for less than three seconds, which hadn't caused any actual damage to Songhai city. Another city, however, might have been reduced to rubble. The anti-quake technology in major cities was at the highest standard. Every building basically had an automatic stabilizing barrier which could cause everything inside to become weightless.

That was to say, if the building collapsed, the falling rocks and debris, and even the people inside, would float, so no one would get hurt.

But this sort of emergency protection technology was only found in big cities like Songhai city and Jinghua city. Because of how expensive the technology was, it would still be roughly three years at the very least before it covered the entire nation.

"Director..."

"Write up a research report for President Qi immediately. This happened too suddenly, and I'm worried that it'll have a significant impact on the living environment of cultivators." Director Zhang of the research institute had a grim expression on his face. In many cases, this sort of event suddenly happening without warning tended to be a sign of an even bigger catastrophe.

Over the years, resources in the cultivation world had been overexploited, and many creatures had become endangered species; such unrestrained exploitation was bound to take a toll on the ecology. Environmental protection was an issue for all of humanity, which had to do with the life and death of all cultivators as well as the future development of large-scale projects against the backdrop of an age of national cultivation.

Director Zhang Qiuhua had no choice but to pay close attention to the matter.

Added to that was the rapid consumption of spiritual qi in the last few years. It was estimated that it would still be several thousand years before spiritual qi dried up completely, but since the problem had already made itself known, it was something that all the cultivators of the world had to face.

And this was what Director Zhang Qiuhua did: call for everyone to start thinking about environmental protection.

The next Global Environmental Protection Cultivators' Summit was coming up, and Director Zhang Qiuhua decided that he had to bring this abnormality up as a focal point during the summit.

And so, Wang Ling's swat this time led to a push in awareness about environmental protection among cultivators, which was something he hadn't expected.

On top of that, even Wang Ling himself could never have expected that his swat would actually result in freaking extra summer vacation homework... After Wang Ling was done with the operation and went home, Teacher Pan sent a message in the class chat group, telling everyone to write an essay of no less than three thousand words on the topic of environmental protection.

Wang Ling regretted it... If he had known earlier, he definitely wouldn't have used so much strength.

Of course, it was too late now...

...

Half an hour or so later, Cockroach Wenqiang regained consciousness. It could only be said that Little Qiang deserved its name 1 - it was certainly tenacious. Moreover, this cockroach had grown up eating the crumbs of Wang Ling's crispy noodle snacks, so it had a lot more vitality than the rest.

1("Qiang" means "strong" and "little qiang" is slang for "cockroach.") Although Wang Ling's swat hadn't landed directly on Cockroach Wenqiang, the wind pressure it created in the three seconds as it fell had already flattened Cockroach Wenqiang into a pancake... Despite that, Cockroach Wenqiang was still alive and kicking, and after half an hour, Wang Ling saw its body fill up bit by bit like an inflatable doll.

"Am - am I still alive..." When it recovered, Cockroach Wenqiang had lost all its earlier confidence after feeling like it had almost died... It was very confident in its invulnerability, but it had actually seemed to see its life flash before its eyes under that swat just now.

It even recalled its mom in heaven in that instant. Back then, its mom had been stomped on 3600 times by a cultivator and had died in pain.

Losing a mother at an early age - was there anything more miserable than that?

And so, Cockroach Wenqiang started to become tougher by nature. For its dead mother's sake, it decided to live on. It and its siblings hid under their mother's flattened body, and only after the cultivator left did they drag their mother into the sewer to be buried. Cockroach Wenqiang had already vowed to live on; it ate whatever it could, and it swore to grow into a cockroach that couldn't be stomped to death no matter what.

The scenes that flashed before Cockroach Wenqiang's eyes were of its wretched life since young.

Cockroach Wenqiang was clearly a cockroach with a story, but now wasn't the time for it to recall the past - in its experience, ten thousand words might not be enough to finish narrating what it remembered.

How much did people hate flashbacks? Like with the migrant worker manga 2 Naruto, which stuck in flashbacks before pivotal plot moments and made people burn with impatience. Hence, using flashbacks would get you nowhere, and readers would suspect you of padding your word count.

2(Refers to how a manga is so well-known that even migrant workers who havenʼt read it have heard of it ..) "Are you going to help or not?"

Wang Ling's question rang out in the next moment, and Cockroach Wenqiang trembled all over at the sound. Just one swat from Wang Ling, which hadn't even made contact, had already given Cockroach Wenqiang trauma.

It was just a normal question, but in Cockroach Wenqiang's ears, it sounded like an aggressive interrogation, and it shuddered.

"I... I'll help," Cockroach Wenqiang replied shakily; it knew that at that moment, it already had no other choice.

...

On the other side, Zhuo Yi soon received the news from Wang Ling.

"As expected of shifu; he was actually able to find a new witness in this situation." Zhuo Yi couldn't be any more excited; a few minutes ago, Wang Ling had texted him to say that he had found a new witness.

Zhuo Yi then told everyone else the news.

All the police as well as the school leaders and teachers of Magic Treasure Development University who were at the scene were astonished when they heard it.

"A new witness? There's a new witness?"

Principal Zhou Dongye found it hard to believe.

The most important witness, Liu Yi, was already dead, and it was very likely that it was Father Zheng who had killed him - how could a new witness appear, in a room that had been completely closed off?

"Mr Zheng, the police have already found a new witness who can prove your innocence as well as the truth of the suicide three years ago. So, Mr Zheng, please immediately let go of all the students inside; the police will definitely give you an explanation after this." There was no time to lose; Zhuo Yi started the final round of negotiations with Father Zheng.

The scene was silent for a few minutes.

The door of the auditorium opened slowly.

With tears in his eyes, Father Zheng walked out of the auditorium with both hands up.

Three years ago, the police had wronged his son.

Three years later, he chose to believe that the police could still clear his son of wrongdoing and let the world know the truth.

No matter how they thought about it, no one could figure it out.

"General Director Zhuo, what on earth is going on?" asked Gao Tian.

"A young lady called Little Liang has just been found, who says that she saw Liu Yi killed with her own eyes," replied Zhuo Yi.

"Who is Miss Little Liang..."

"A blattaria order of insect, aka: a cockroach."

"..."





Chapter 1048 Lie Detectors In the Cultivation World


"I was wrong, I was really wrong... I'm a disgrace to the motherland that cultivated me. I sincerely apologize to the students I held hostage in the auditorium. I will accept however long my jail sentence will be."

Father Zheng confessed bluntly to his crimes in the interrogation room. Although he hadn't hurt anyone, he had still taken people hostage, and before the new witness testified in a public court hearing, Father Zheng couldn't be cleared of suspected murder yet.

At that moment, Gao Tian, Zhuo Yi and Xiao Yin were all in front of Father Zheng in the interrogation room. Xiao Yin was in charge of recording the statement. For Xiao Yin, he could be said to be collecting reference materials. He had been learning to write novels recently, but couldn't be said to be talented. He had written more than a hundred thousand words, but had yet to sign a contract.

Xiao Yin thought it was because he didn't have enough reference materials. Hence, he helped Gao Tian take down the statement, which could be counted as one way to collect reference materials.

Gao Tian's and Zhuo Yi's respective interrogations had different aims. In order not to steal each other's credit, the division of labor was very clear: Gao Tian only asked about the hostage situation, while Zhuo Yi asked about the magic treasure plagiarism case.

"Did you take the auditorium hostage because of the plagiarism case three years ago?" Gao Tian asked.

"That's right - I need to know the truth of the matter, even if I have to pay a hefty price for it," answered Father Zheng, his hands in Spirit Shackles.

Initially, only the Old Devil had gotten this sort of treatment. In the last few months, however, the realms of the criminals caught, which Zhuo Yi had shouldered the credit for, had gotten higher and higher. Later, Wang Ling and Wang Ming discussed the issue, and Wang Ming decided to get the research institute to mass produce Spirit Shackles.

Spirit Shackles had now become standard prison equipment.

"If no new witnesses had come forward, would you still have done this?" Gao Tian asked.

Father Zheng thought for a while and said hesitantly, "That's hard to say..."

"You should have gone through legal channels - that's the right way to go," Gao Tian said.

"But I really had no choice... I tried online complaints and offline petitions, but nothing worked since I didn't have any feasible evidence. Moreover, the witnesses I was looking for were all killed by someone else before I arrived... I haven't hurt a single person in all of this."

Father Zheng said articulately, "That includes Liu Yi. In the beginning, I just wanted to use magic to pull him out from behind the screen, but when I crossed over, he was already dead."

"Mm."

Gao Tian nodded.

He compared Father Zheng's statement with the evidence and clues they had so far. Father Zheng's words were very credible: most of what he said could be corroborated, and it was very detailed; it was almost identical to the information which the police had.

There was only one thing that Gao Tian and the rest in the interrogation room were curious about, and that was Father Zheng's unusual increase in realm.

What happened?

"Explain how your realm increased so fast. Don't tell me it was by happenstance: this isn't a novel, and you're not the main character." Gao Tian fixed his gaze on Father Zheng; it wasn't just him, but all the police officers who had been following the case were also curious.

"I don't know if you'll believe me..." When it came to the sudden growth of his realm, Father Zheng also seemed a little flustered. He looked Gao Tian in the eye and replied, "It was because of a pack of frozen dumplings..."

"Fro... frozen dumplings?"

The answer surprised all the officers in and outside the interrogation room.

"What's that about?" Gao Tian asked.

"This actually happened a few days ago, on September 14th..." In the face of this inquiry, Father Zheng told him everything about how he had increased in strength. "For so many years, I've been secretly looking for evidence and trying to get the case overturned. I basically spent all my living expenses on private investigations. To save money, I usually go to the cultivation department store to buy things from the returned goods section.

"That day, I bought several packs of frozen food as usual. In the end, after eating one pack at home, I suddenly felt my whole body steaming up. There was a huge leap in my realm and my body was brimming with energy... And then, that was it: my realm increased, just like that."

"..." Hearing this, Gao Tian, Xiao Yin and Zhuo Yi sucked in cold breaths of air.

That was right.

No pushups, no squats, no leaving the air conditioner off on a hot summer day1... Father Zheng's increase in realm was all because of a pack of frozen dumplings...

1(Ala the main character in "One Punch Man..") The point was that this was also consistent with the information the police had.

It was clearly written in the report that Gao Tian was holding: After Father Zheng was detained, the police found an empty pack of frozen dumplings at his rental. They also confirmed that these dumplings had been bought from the returned goods section of the store, and had been sold at sixty percent off at the time.

Although it was hard to believe, Gao Tian was utterly convinced... Because, apart from the testimonies they had, the interrogation room's lie detector didn't find anything unusual in Father Zheng's words. This was an extremely precise lie detector: as long as a question wasn't answered truthfully, the lie detector would emit a "beep beep" warning sound.

Of course, this warning wouldn't sound outright, but was transmitted through the earphones that Gao Tian, Zhuo Yi and Xiao Yin were wearing in the interrogation room. The average prisoner was usually unaware of the lie detector's existence, which served to prevent prisoners from deliberately preparing their answers before an interrogation.

So Gao Tian and the rest of the officers were astonished.

Why... did a pack of frozen dumplings have such tremendous power...

"Fuck... What was in the dumplings? Celery and pork? Or mushroom and three delicacies? I'm eating them tonight!" The officers outside the interrogation room couldn't sit still, especially Chief Zhao himself. He was also paying close attention to the case, and when he learned the "secret" of Father Zheng's advancement, he was so excited he almost jumped up.

He had been slow to be promoted, not only because his track record was lacking. There was in fact another major reason: he had hit a bottleneck in his cultivation.

Chief Zhao had been stuck at the Nascent Soul stage for a long time. There was a fixed standard he had to meet if he wanted to be transferred to a central department like Huaxiu Alliance, which was that he had to be at the Soul Formation stage or above.

After consulting each other in whispers, Gao Tian and Zhuo Yi decided to have Father Zheng undergo a physical examination. If it really was because of a pack of frozen dumplings... then they should be able to analyze the composition of the dumplings from a comprehensive test of Father Zheng's stomach fluid.

"Well, I'm done with my questions. It's Director Zhuo's turn now." Gao Tian capped his pen and steepled his fingers together.

"Done?" Zhuo Yi asked.

"Yes." Gao Tian nodded affirmatively.

Since the evidence could be corroborated, Gao Tian felt that there was no need to continue asking questions about the hostage situation itself - instead, he was more interested in overturning the case from three years ago.

But he wasn't in charge of that, so he could only leave it to Zhuo Yi.

"First of all, I want to understand Student Zheng Jingxuan's family situation a little more. May I ask why you divorced Madam He Xiulan, Student Zheng Jingxuan's mother?"

Zhuo Yi's first question was a little personal, but it was necessary: his family situation was also a big reason for Student Zheng ultimately deciding to kill himself.

"Ah Lan and I divorced because of personality differences," Father Zheng answered.

Zhuo Yi and the others instantly heard the lie detector's warning sound in their earphones: "Beep beep... beep beep..."

"Father Zheng, please answer your question truthfully." Zhuo Yi's eyes turned sharp.

Father Zheng was a little flustered. "Be- because... Ah Lan caught me cheating on her..."

"Beep beep... beep beep..."

"Because I discovered that I like men!"

"Beep beep... beep beep..."

Father Zheng almost shed tears. "Fuck! Because our sex life was unsatisfying! Of course... it was mainly my fault! Is that good enough?!"

This time, the alarm didn't go off...





Chapter 1049 Court Hearings In the Cultivation World


Zhuo Yi wasn't interested in prying into someone else's personal affairs. He had assumed that Father Zheng was hiding some truth related to the case; he hadn't expected Father Zheng's astonishing confession, which stupefied all the officers at the police station.

After understanding the situation, Zhuo Yi realized that Student Zheng Jingxuan's suicide was actually a tragedy triggered by a combination of factors: Student Zheng's mother, Madam He Xiulan, was a very formidable person, which caused Zheng Jingxuan to have a dread of women, and he could only use his grades to continually boost his own morale.

Thus, when Zhuo Yi and Gao Tian looked up the information on Student Zheng, they discovered that he had an exceptionally outstanding academic record — he was first in his year in almost every exam, and he won a number of competitions. This wasn't limited to magic treasure design competitions, but also included competitions for steering spirit swords, refining pills and so on — Student Zheng had outstanding achievements and stood out among his peers.

Such eye-catching achievements made him the center of the crowd, and he quite enjoyed being placed on a pedestal, which gave him a psychological thrill that he grew accustomed to.

But everything changed too quickly — Student Zheng was framed for magic treasure design plagiarism. It was his own work, but someone else stole it and set him up. The public opinion online put a lot of pressure on him, and it was during this time that Zheng Tianqiang and He Xiulan agreed to divorce each other, directly leading to this tragedy.

Falling from the pinnacle to the bottom in an instant — Zheng Jingxuan completely lost his sense of self. Perhaps, in his final moments before he killed himself, he found his last life-saving straw: Lin Shiyao.

He had written something like a suicide note as an excuse not to implicate her, and cut off their ties before committing suicide in order not to drag his angel into this.

After Zheng Jingxuan's death, Lin Shiyao drowned in self-blame. She hated her cowardice, that she hadn't stretched out her hand to Zheng Jingxuan at the most important moment; instead, swept up in the rumors, she started to doubt her boyfriend. She also regretted her ignorance, that she hadn't pulled him back at the final moment — most of all, she hated herself.

But it was already too late. A dead person couldn't be brought back to life. Just like that, the magic treasure plagiarism case and Zheng Jingxuan's death was buried for three whole years. As Father Zheng said, he tried many times to investigate and appeal through regular channels, but the mastermind behind the scenes left him no room to breathe. In the end, a desperate Father Zheng was forced to take this route.

September 19th, the thirty-sixth day of the summer break.

The Cultivation Police Bureau and the General Administration of 100 Schools instituted proceedings respectively with regards to Father Zheng taking hostages as well as the magic treasure plagiarism case from three years ago: the Police Bureau was requesting a prosecution in the case of the hostages, while the General Administration of 100 Schools was requesting that the magic treasure plagiarism case be reopened.

This was a public court hearing which the entire nation and even a lot of foreign online users were following closely. The public gallery was full: apart from the media reporters, Principal Zhou Dongye of Magic Treasure Development University, as well as those who were still alive and had been involved in the plagiarism case three years ago, had been summoned to court by the Police Bureau.

When Gao Tian led Father Zheng to the dock in Spiritual Shackles, Father Zheng saw a familiar face — Student Fu Fusheng, who had accused Zheng Jingxuan of plagiarism back then, also sat in a second defendant dock, and should be here as a defendant in the plagiarism case. At the same time, Student Fu Fusheng was probably the one who knew the most now of all the people involved three years ago, as practically all those who had insider knowledge were dead.

Father Zheng had resented Fu Fusheng before, but he now felt that Fu Fusheng really didn't know anything and was just a poor schmuck who had been used; otherwise, why was he still alive?

The judge presiding over this hearing in Songhai Intermediate Cultivation Court was called Liang Xin, who was a righteous-looking middle-aged man with slicked-back hair. Since this case wasn't just about the hostage incident, but was also linked to a possible overturning of a case ruling from three years ago, the presiding judge, the other judges, the jurors and the court clerk who had heard the case three years ago had all voluntarily stepped back from participating, to ensure a fair and equal trial.

"All rise — court is now in session!"

Liang Xin was expressionless. It was his superior who had directly assigned him this case. Because the two cases would be trialed together, plus given what Father Zheng had done previously to grab attention, all of society was paying very close attention to it; Liang Xin was well aware of how serious this matter was.

The presiding judge and the other judges existed to crack down on crime and to clear the innocent.

There was a solemn silence in the courtroom. After Chief Judge Liang sat down and hit the gavel with a sharp sound, the trial officially commenced.

"Defendant Zheng Tianqiang, on 18th September, 4396, you seized an auditorium at Songhai Magic Treasure Development University and held fifty-three people hostage. While the hostages weren't injured, the auditorium and other public facilities were damaged. You are now charged with the destruction of public facilities and the crime of taking hostages. Do you object to the charges?" Chief Judge Liang asked.

"No," Father Zheng answered from the defendant dock.

Chief Judge Liang nodded and turned to the second defendant dock. "Will second defendant Fu Fusheng please rise."

Hearing his name called, Fu Fusheng gradually started to look nervous. He knew very well what type of impact this plagiarism case would have on his life. Even if he was Liu Yi's pawn, it was true that Liu Yi had stolen Zheng Jingxuan's high school magic treasure blueprint and given it to Fu Fusheng to use in the competition. What was more, Fu Fusheng had used that blueprint and even accused Zheng Jingxuan of plagiarism after the competition... Now that the case had been reopened, there was no way for Fu Fusheng to escape being labeled as a fraud; most importantly, Raven Studio would be dealt a heavy blow.

Fu Fusheng hadn't known at the time that the blueprint he had used wasn't Liu Yi's design. He had thought that Liu Yi was a talent, and never expected him to be such a sly thief.

Chief Judge Liang rapped the gavel. "Fu Fusheng, please ensure that what you say next is the truth. If you are suspected of dishonesty, you may be charged with perjury."

"Chief Judge, I swear to tell the truth," Fu Fusheng said after taking a deep breath.

"Was the design blueprint for the 'clean green spiral furnace' in the magic treasure design competition three years ago your original work?" asked Chief Judge Liang.

Fu Fusheng pondered for a while before raising his head and saying resolutely, "Yes!"

The whole scene exploded at this word.

Zhuo Yi, Xiao Yin and Gao Tian never thought that Fu Fusheng would actually choose to change his testimony at that moment.





Chapter 1050 A New Witness


During the inquest before the court hearing, Fu Fusheng had given a completely contradictory response: he had shifted all the blame to Liu Yi, drawing a line between them and painting himself as the victim at the same time.

Zhuo Yi later felt that Fu Fusheng had probably done this mainly to absolve himself of criminal charges. Now that the situation had developed to this extent, whether Raven Studio could continue to operate or not was now in question. Given that it was on the cusp of becoming listed, Fu Fusheng absolutely wasn't willing for his efforts to go to waste just like that.

The prestige and wealth that he had accumulated over the last three years in the magic treasure design industry might come to nothing in the wake of this trial. Thus, he was scared.

Looking at the current situation, paying for damages wasn't a big deal for him, as the money could be earned back. However, he absolutely couldn't have a criminal record. Submitting someone else's work in a competition and flaunting it as your own creation was a type of academic plagiarism.

After the incident with the earliest plagiarist in academia, Doctor Zhai1, Huaxiu Alliance immediately issued new laws and regulations to rectify and prevent large-scale academic plagiarism, the heaviest sentence for which was over thirty years in prison, a fine of five hundred thousand HNY, and being stripped of all academic qualifications and achievements.

1(Refers to PhD holder and actor Zhai Tianlin, who was accused of plagiarizing another journal article for his own paper..) Fu Fusheng was so scared that he would spend the rest of his life behind bars.

Since he had the guts to say these words to the judges, he was definitely self-confident. Long before the court hearing, he had already learned that basically everyone related to the plagiarism case back then was dead. Without any witnesses, Fu Fusheng appeared very confident.

Chief Judge Liang Xin looked right into Fu Fusheng's eyes; as an experienced judge, he could determine whether a person was lying or not just from the expression in their eyes.

Unfortunately, this was a court of law in the cultivation world, where every word and every action had to be based on evidence; saying "Your eyes look like those of a murderer" alone wasn't enough to convict someone.

This was an extremely high profile case, and at the same time, it was extremely difficult to extract a guilty confession. Furthermore, some of the people involved were no longer alive. Without any evidence, Fu Fusheng as the defendant would certainly evade responsibility. Chief Judge Liang Xin had already expected all of this, but who would have thought that Fu Fusheng would be so resolute without leaving himself even the slightest leeway.

But as the chief judge, Liang Xin wasn't affected by Fu Fusheng. His expression still as unruffled as an ancient well, he turned to look at the prosecution. Since the prosecution had pressed public charges, they definitely must have found evidence.

"Prosecution, please proceed." Liang Xin raised his hand to indicate that the prosecution was allowed to present their case.

Fu Fusheng's lawyer was called Wu Yuanji, and one of the few formidable lawyers which Songhai city had. Furthermore, all judges found this person very hard to deal with. He would take on defense cases, and was single-minded in showcasing his might. Thus, he would only help defend a person's "innocence"; to back up his argument, he was very good at finding points of doubt and loopholes in a case, taking every opportunity to create evidence in favor of the defendant.

Since Fu Fusheng's defense lawyer this time was Wu Yuanji, Gao Tian felt that things had become slightly problematic.

"Is there something wrong with this person?" Xiao Yin asked quietly.

"He's called Wu Yuanji; he's very good at sophistry and can fake evidence without giving himself away - he's a very tricky lawyer. He's defended over one hundred cases, and they were all acquittals - so far, he's only lost one case."

"What case was it?" Xiao Yin became curious.

Gao Tian said, "There was a family where the wife cheated on and cuckolded her husband, who killed his wife's lover. He was later charged with first degree murder, but because of Wu Yuanji, he was ultimately released due to insufficient evidence. In the end, when the man was released, he killed his wife."

Xiao Yin and Zhuo Yi: "..."

As Gao Tian and all the judges on the panel expected, Fu Fusheng was much more composed than anyone could imagine, probably because of Wu Yuanji's presence. He was so unperturbed it was astonishing.

Even more than that, Wu Yuanji didn't think much of this case at all.

He sat calmly with his legs crossed on the defense side. Such a frivolous attitude hinted at disrespect toward the court, which was also the reason why judges didn't like him. But this guy was a notorious legend in the lawyers' circle.

This was because this person dared to take on any case, and even defended murderers.

It was just that Wu Yuanji never expected that in the only lawsuit he lost, his client would be crazy enough to go and kill his own wife after being acquitted. That was when Wu Yuanji had been given the title "demon's lawyer," meaning the lawyer who defended demons.

But Wu Yuanji didn't think it was important what the world called him. The most important thing was that he thought he was very capable; in the lawyers' circle at least, he didn't think there was anyone who was his match. Furthermore, he didn't take on cases for the costly lawyer fees.

What he liked to do most was challenge himself.

The more difficult a case was, the bigger the indescribable thrill he got after his client was pronounced "not guilty."

Was this abnormal?

Maybe there really was something wrong with Wu Yuanji's head, but he was extremely pleased with the title "demon lawyer."

As long as he took on a defense case, it would definitely end in an acquittal.

What was the most important thing in a court of law? Wu Yuanji laughed every time he thought about it.

That was right, the most important thing was evidence.

But what if there wasn't any evidence?

If there was no evidence, then it was useless to press charges.

Hence, long before things developed, Wu Yuanji had already disposed of the final person, Liu Yi - he was sure it had been flawless and without the slightest error.

That was right, it was Wu Yuanji who killed Liu Yi - but Liu Yi was the only one he murdered. As for the others who had died before Liu Yi, it wasn't Wu Yuanji who did it; he had just copied that person's MO and gotten rid of Liu Yi without leaving any evidence behind, and all the unfavorable evidence now pointed to Father Zheng.

Liu Yi was dead.

What other ruling could there be for this case? What new evidence could the prosecution bring to the table?

He smirked.

It was at that moment that Gao Tian stood up. He turned to Chief Judge Liang Xin and all the members of the jury, and gave them a deep bow. "Chief Judge Liang Xin, members of the jury: I now call a new witness to the stand!"

At these words, everyone present was utterly shocked.

There was actually another witness?





Chapter 1051 Make a Person Spit Out Food


It was so sudden. Wu Yuanji never thought that the prosecution would actually find a new witness. Under Fu Fusheng's similarly astonished gaze, Wu Yuanji promptly objected. "Your Honor! The plaintiff did not follow regulations and did not apply to bring in a new witness beforehand. I request that the hearing be adjourned for now!"

It was no surprise that Wu Yuanji would make such a request; according to the law, the use of all evidence had to be applied for beforehand. If the hearing was adjourned now, however, it would only pick up again tomorrow, since the jury still needed to make a ruling on the examination of the witness before the latter could take the stand in court.

Liang Xin carefully weighed the pros and cons. He suspected that Wu Yuanji was probably thinking up some scheme again. However, it was precisely because this person was so cunning that Liang Xin, as the chief judge, knew that he had to handle the case in line with existing regulations and laws. Otherwise, as long as Wu Yuanji grasped the slightest bit of weakness, he might apply to Huaxiu Alliance for the chief judge to be replaced.

There had been several cases before where the chief judges had been replaced halfway through proceedings after Wu Yuanji found something to hold over their heads.

"The defense's request is approved. Prosecution, submit your witness testimony for examination today as per regulations."

After thinking about it, Chief Judge Liang Xin in the end still agreed to Wu Yuanji's request. He banged the gavel with a sharp sound. "Adjourned!"

To everyone's surprise, the court session was adjourned in less than ten minutes due to an unexpected event. None of the online spectators had expected this.

Netizens were of two minds on Liang Xin's decision. Some thought that Liang Xin was on Wu Yuanji's side, while others had a completely opposite view and felt that Chief Judge Liang Xin was just following the letter of the law.

Wang Ling was also watching the live broadcast of the public hearing online. There were so many bullet messages on the screen that Wang Ling was dazzled. In today's online environment, complete strangers would duke it out over the slightest disagreement, thereby making a "battlefield" out of every major online platform.

Er Ha sat on Wang Ling's lap and also watched the live broadcast. It was super jealous that Xiao Yin could appear in court with Gao Tian as a member of the public prosecution. Er Ha was supposed to be there today, but considering the possibility that some of the journalists might be allergic to dog fur, it could only watch the live broadcast with Little Master Ling at home...

This was because it couldn't cultivate a human form yet! If only it could take on a human form!

Er Ha suddenly found a new goal after becoming a dog! It resolved to cultivate a human form before Wang Ling graduated from high school!

Reasonably speaking, it actually wasn't difficult to take on a human form, but Er Ha's situation was a little more unique. It used to be a demon king of the demon race before turning into a spirit beast after Wang Ling revised its cultivation technique. Changing race, gender and shape directly led to more complications for Er Ha on the road toward cultivating a human form compared with other spirit beasts.

"You'll be able to cultivate a human form." Wang Ling rubbed Er Ha's head, making Er Ha feel limp all over. For some reason, dogs and cats especially liked their heads, chins and the spot above their ears rubbed. It was such a comfortable feeling that they shuddered with it.

Er Ha hadn't really felt it at first, but it gradually realized... It seemed to have already integrated!

And it seemed to only integrate even further with the passing of time. For example, it had recently lost interest in fly-flavored dog food.

It... had actually been corrupted!

Er Ha felt a sudden pang of pain. Sigh... It was all because Wang Ling spoiled it too much, even allowing it to sit on his lap - what regular person could enjoy this sort of treatment?

While the online bullet messages discussed the adjournment, Wang Ling also received a message from Zhuo Yi. "Shifu, the trial was adjourned, as expected! Everything is going according to plan!"

Glimpsing Zhuo Yi's message, Er Ha was blank.

According to plan?

Of course it was.

Because long before the court hearing, Wang Ling had already figured that the lawyer who would be defending Fu Fusheng this time would be the person known as the devil's lawyer, Wu Yuanji, and Wang Ling had already privately discussed countermeasures with Zhuo Yi.

Wu Yuanji had already taken the bait. This adjournment was within the expectations of Zhuo Yi and the others.

"Director Zhuo, what should we do next?" Gao Tian was in active communication with Zhuo Yi after the end of the first round of the court hearing.

Zhuo Yi put down his phone and said to Gao Tian, "Follow the original plan. Act as naturally as possible. This Wu Yuanji is very cunning."

Just as Zhuo Yi and everyone who knew Wu Yuanji thought, this demon's lawyer's main strategy was to destroy and to create evidence, so their next move was very simple. They wanted to grasp Wu Yuanji's weakness, and to get rid of future problems, have him disappear from the lawyers' circle forever.

...

Elsewhere, the news that the prosecution had found a new witness also gave Wu Yuanji a headache. Wu Yuanji met Fu Fusheng at the detention center as his defense lawyer.

Fu Fusheng was agitated and gnashed his teeth. "What's going on... Isn't Liu Yi already..."

"Keep your voice down."

Wu Yuanji rolled his eyes at Fu Fusheng. "Liu Yi is indeed dead. I never thought they would be able to find another witness. But it doesn't matter. In any case, we can win this lawsuit; this is just an additional inconvenience."

"You have a plan?" Fu Fusheng's eyes lit up and his expression turned enigmatic as he stared at Wu Yuanji. "You know what I want: you need to make me innocent. Not only that, you must also preserve my reputation."

"Reputation?"

Wu Yuanji laughed and his face moved closer as he stared into Fu Fusheng's angry eyes through the glass. "The moment you looked for me to be your defense lawyer, what reputation do you have to speak of? I want you to double my lawyer's fee, so another one hundred million. Otherwise, please find a better lawyer."

"You..." Fu Fusheng was speechless.

"I advise you to think carefully about what is more important: life and freedom, or money and fame. Think about it, then let me know."

"You devil..."

"I hope you understand: so far, only I, this devil, can help you win this case." Saying this, Wu Yuanji's lips curled up in a wicked smile. "As long as you understand, I'll act tonight."

Wu Yuanji made a gesture of slitting his throat.

"Can you guarantee that you'll do it cleanly?"

"Of course. I'm already very familiar with the method."

"Very well, I agree."

Fu Fusheng finally replied.

...

But what they didn't know was that Gao Tian had been monitoring their meeting the whole time.

They actually planned to murder the witness?

Gao Tian could only use an expression that had become popular recently to describe the two men's despicable behavior: it was enough to make a person spit out food1!

(To mean something so bizarre or ludicrous it's almost funny..)





Chapter 1052 Protect Miss Little Liang


To be able to dominate the lawyers' circle, Wu Yuanji definitely had his own special information network. He had cultivated a team of investigators who specialized in collecting all kinds of information for him. Most of them were criminals who had once been on death row, before Wu Yuanji defended them in court and they were ultimately exculpated.

After that, these people became his unwavering followers and loyal intelligence agents.

Of course, the reason why Wu Yuanji had chosen to represent them pro bono at the very beginning wasn't out of kindness, but because he valued their talents.

The defense trials proceeded without a hitch simply because this was a group of highly intelligent criminals. They didn't leave behind too many traces of their crimes, which gave Wu Yuanji ample leeway in their defense; destroying evidence and turning the unreasonable into the reasonable was the first rule of his defense.

After settling the price with Fu Fusheng, Wu Yuanji set out to investigate the new witness, and soon, a file was placed on his table in his office.

Wu Yuanji had thought it would be quite a while before he got it - witness profiles were stored in the Police Bureau's general office, which wasn't easy to sneak into.

But it seemed that his intelligence agents had improved in their techniques.

Wu Yuanji was in a very good mood when he saw the file - he had initially assumed that the information would be delivered at night, which meant that he would only be able to get rid of the witness in the wee hours of the morning, but this was much quicker than he had expected.

The earlier Wu Yuanji got rid of the witness, the better it was for him, and his client could breathe easy at the same time.

Fu Fusheng had shelled out two hundred million in lawyer's fees, which made him a big client.

"Little Liang."

Wu Yuanji read the name in the profile.

It didn't have a picture or even an address. Perhaps, in order to protect this important witness, the important information hadn't been put into the system. Thus, the only information Wu Yuanji had on this witness was a name, Little Liang.

And from the name, he assumed that it was a girl.

"This is it?" Wu Yuanji raised his head and looked at the little brother sitting in the office. This was a gangly young man, and one of those whom Wu Yuanji had saved back then.

The young man shrugged and nodded helplessly. "That's all we got. The other side probably already took some measures, and we don't have any details. Also, after checking Zheng Jingxuan's social network, we didn't find anyone called Little Liang - she might be a neighbor or just a passerby."

A neighbor or passerby?

Wu Yuanji suddenly felt his scalp itch and he scratched his head.

Zheng Jingxuan had committed suicide in an enclosed room, and all the people who knew anything on Liu Yi's end had also died in enclosed rooms - how could a passerby or neighbor have seen what happened?

Given the situation, Wu Yuanji thought of a possibility.

Could it be false evidence?

To prove that Fu Fusheng was guilty, the prosecution had created a new witness.

It wasn't impossible.

But if there was a witness, and Wu Yuanji was able to seize this key figure, the prosecution would definitely lose the case.

Wu Yuanji frowned deeply.

No matter what, he still needed to verify it himself.

Wu Yuanji got to his feet; he had already made up his mind to assassinate this Miss Little Liang. Although he had no idea where she was, he had a feeling that she was most likely at the Police Bureau's local safehouse for important witnesses, given that she would be appearing in the trial tomorrow.

That place was heavily defended, and breaking in obviously wouldn't be easy. However, Wu Yuanji wasn't worried about being detected at all. That was because several days ago, he realized that he had awoken a unique power.

It was the power to transform into a ray of light, enabling him to travel through electronic screens and kill without being noticed at all...

...

On the other side, everyone in the Police Bureau's general office was keeping a close eye on the monitor screen. Zhuo Yi already had a hunch that Wu Yuanji might act tonight, and they were going to catch him in the act.

The general office's Chief Zhao frowned deeply. "Will your plan really work..."

"Relax, Chief Zhuo. The witness is heavily guarded." Gao Tian said with full confidence, "Given that the suspect has the ability to travel through screens like Sadako, we've also meddled with the computer's power source and can instantly cut it off when necessary."

"Will that work?"

"It definitely will, Chief Zhao." A junior officer next to him smiled. "Once the power is cut, won't this person be stuck inside?"

"..."

Chief Zhao took a deep breath and then nodded slowly. "I understand the reason... but don't you think this is a little overkill..."

"To protect the witness, how can we not go all out? What's more, Miss Little Liang is just a two-year-old girl. Protecting a girl is completely reasonable and justified!"

"..."

"Reporting to Chief Zhao, Captain Gao and General Director Zhuo! There's movement!"

"What's happening?"

"Our surveillance technology picked up unusual and invasive fluctuations. We suspect that the other party is already moving online."

"Why didn't you use this technology earlier?"

"This is a very unique fluctuation which needs to be specifically monitored for and guarded against; it's very hard to detect with normal technology otherwise." The technician wiped his sweat. He was an old technician with decades of experience under his belt, but this was the first time he had seen such an unusual fluctuation; it was even more subtle and less easily detected than fluctuations from the Gate Between Worlds descending, but hid an even bigger crisis.

"This is the first time I've seen such a fluctuation. It's hidden and full of killing intent. Also, it moves so fast, almost at the speed of light. Just like... like..." The technician frowned deeply. "Just like a shadow."

"Shadow?"

Everyone present was lost in deep thought at this realization.

This unusual fluctuation was similar to a shadow; in other words, was it possible that the other party was using shadow magic of some sort? There were a lot of shadow spells; there were even sects registered with Huaxiu Alliance which specialized in teaching shadow magic. These cultivators could use shadows to grab things and to even fight, but no one had ever heard of using shadows to travel through electronic screens and kill people.

To accomplish this, the other party had to be extremely proficient in shadow techniques.

"Shadow magic is usually bound to the body. To travel through the screen at the speed of light, the body has to be able to endure the tearing of space... But as far as I know, even the sect leader of Shadow Sect is unable to do this - his Shadow Separation Technique can only last for sixteen seconds at most," Chief Zhao said doubtfully.

Here, then, was the question.

As a Golden Core lawyer, how had Wu Yuanji obtained such power? Could it be that he had also eaten frozen dumplings?





Chapter 1053 A Cockroach's Tenacity!


To be honest, the moment there were unusual fluctuations, everyone almost stopped breathing. Inside the witness protection room, Miss Little Liang was even more nervous. After all, she was only two years old and still growing... Of course, the regular lifespan of a normal cockroach was roughly two years, but it was different in the cultivation world - Miss Little Liang was already two, but according to the life expectancy for cockroaches in the cultivation world, she was still just a child.

By the way, Miss Little Liang was in fact Cockroach Wenqiang's daughter, with the full name Cockroach Little Liang.

If Cockroach Wenqiang hadn't insisted, Little Liang would never have left her dark and damp little cave to testify for a human. Cockroaches and humans had always been at odds, and to this day, Miss Little Liang still remembered being chased and hit by humans.

The truth was that the cockroach clan had always been timid, but humans still considered them an eyesore and would exterminate them as soon as they saw traces of cockroaches.

Not all cockroaches liked to live in dirty places like sewers. Nowadays, more and more cockroaches had started to pursue a worldly lifestyle. Cockroaches in the cultivation world even decomposed all kinds of harmful rubbish for cultivators.

All living things were equal and existed in an endless cycle, while the creatures at the top and at the bottom had cycles of their own.

Unfortunately, not everyone understood this principle.

Inside the witness protection room, Miss Little Liang was a little apprehensive.

At that moment, stifling murderous aura burst out of the computer screen in Miss Little Liang's room! — It was an indistinct shadow!

But after it appeared, this shadow was clearly a little confused about the current situation.

Because he didn't see anyone...

"That Miss Little Liang isn't here?" Turned into a shadow, Wu Yuanji was full of doubts. He suspected that he might have gotten the location wrong, but this was clearly a witness protection room, and it was still in use. If she wasn't here, where would Miss Little Liang be?

"Are you looking for me?"

Just as Wu Yuanji was puzzling over it, a lovely and tender voice rang out. It sounded like a little girl, and was very clearly the voice of a very young lolita!

Wu Yuanji scanned his surroundings carefully. He once again confirmed that there was no one here, let alone a fifty-year-old auntie live streamer with a lolita voice who conned a rich male shut-in out of a hundred thousand yuan1. The lesson from this live stream mishap was so bitter that at one point, Wu Yuanji had even thought of taking on this duped shut-in's case.

1(Refers to popular Chinese video blogger "Your Highness Qiao Biluo," whose beauty filter during her live stream glitched to reveal that she was much older than she appeared to be..) Mental trauma was sometimes far worse than a physical injury...

"Are you looking for me?"

Just as Wu Yuanji was feeling baffled, the lolita voice rang out again.

Following the voice, Wu Yuanji searched the room carefully for a moment... Finally, he confirmed that it was coming from the fish tank in front of him...

There were no fish in the tank - only a small cockroach that was looking up at him.

"Cockroach..." Wu Yuanji was overwhelmed.

He was pondering a possibility.

Don't tell him the elusive Miss Little Liang was...

"Are you looking for Miss Little Liang? I'm Little Liang." Miss Little Liang's feelers trembled as she looked at the shadow. The cockroach clan had a natural fondness for shadow, so the moment Miss Little Liang saw Wu Yuanji, she wasn't the least bit scared, and instead, felt a strange affinity for him.

Recovering from his shock, Wu Yuanji started to laugh wildly in his heart.

Crazy!

These people had gone crazy!

They actually wanted to use a cockroach as a witness? How could such an unreasonable request be granted?!

But since Wu Yuanji was already here, he naturally couldn't leave empty-handed.

Since he had confirmed that this cockroach was the elusive Miss Little Liang, then... Miss Little Liang, please go to hell...

Wu Yuanji had already killed a lot of people who had gotten in his way, and naturally wouldn't feel sorry for a mere two-year-old cockroach at all.

His shadow transformation started to churn violently and revealed an extremely ferocious expression. Spiritual pressure turned into a powerful astral wind before his palm landed.

Bang! The fish tank shattered right away!

Under such immense spiritual pressure, Miss Little Liang felt like she was teetering on the brink of death and quickly lost consciousness.

"Lowly creature." Wu Yuanji withdrew his palm with a contemptuous sneer. It was just a cockroach. If he couldn't deal with a mere cockroach, he, the devil's lawyer, didn't need to live in the cultivation world anymore!

But just as Wu Yuanji was about to leave, Miss Little Liang, who seemed dead already, actually woke up. Her feelers twitched, and then she actually flipped over and came back to life.

"It... It hurts! I'm only two years old and still a kid. Can you not be so violent... If you have something to say, why can't we sit down and talk about it..." Miss Little Liang protested.

She was actually still alive?

The corners of Wu Yuanji's mouth twitched. Without the slightest hesitation, he swatted Miss Little Liang once again.

This time, he confirmed that he had hit her.

Even a cultivator wouldn't be able to take this blow of his. If he directly hit a cultivator under the Soul Formation stage in the head, they would die on the spot!

Hmph -

A mere cockroach still dared to kick up a fuss!

Wu Yuanji removed his hand, as if he already knew how wretched Miss Little Liang would look.

It was just a cockroach; he probably had flattened it into a meat patty.

Wu Yuanji sneered.

However, the flattened Miss Little Liang actually started to expand like an inflatable doll and came back to life yet again.

"Hey... I already told you not to be so violent... You're breaking the law... the law which protects minors..." Miss Little Liang protested.

Wu Yuanji was alarmed by such tenacity..

So the rumor that cockroaches couldn't die was true?

Was the cockroach truly an indestructible creature?

Wu Yuanji clutched his head and felt that his worldview was about to collapse.

But the truth was that it was only Miss Little Liang who was so tenacious, as she was a descendant of Cockroach Wenqiang. And what kind of cockroach was Cockroach Wenqiang? This was a cockroach that had grown to be the strongest by eating the leftover crumbs of Wang Ling's crispy noodle snacks!

The offspring of the strongest cockroach would naturally inherit the ability to take a beating!

And this formidable ability of Miss Little Liang's amazed all the police officers present.

Thanks to Miss Little Liang buying them time, the police had already set up a barrier around the entire room while Wu Yuanji was attempting murder! The power was cut!

When the lights in the room went out, Wu Yuanji, in his shadow form, finally sensed that this was a snare.

He was trapped!

Gao Tian and Zhuo Yi had long been waiting at the door, ready to tighten the net.

Zhuo Yi: "Lawyer Wu, you can't escape!"

Gao Tian: "Lawyer Wu, you are charged with destroying evidence, mistreating animals and cultivating forbidden spells. You have the right to remain silent! Anything you say may be held against you in a court of law!"





Chapter 1054 Wang Ling's Hand Speed


Elsewhere, Fu Fusheng was still waiting in the detention center. He didn't get any good news, but received word that Wu Yuanji had been caught alive. Fu Fusheng was instantly full of despair as he slumped down in his chair. According to the police at the detention center, a lot of Fu Fusheng's hair turned white overnight.

Wu Yuanji was placed in Spirit Shackles and stripped of his shadow form on the spot.

When Gao Tian asked Wu Yuanji why he was able to exhibit such power, Wu Yuanji's answer startled everyone.

"Frozen dumplings. I ate a pack of frozen dumplings," Wu Yuanji said.

"Frozen dumplings again?" Chief Zhao's eyes were wide open. After Zheng Tianqiang's confession, Chief Zhao had gone to buy a pack that night! And it was even the broccoli-flavored frozen dumplings produced by the Office of Strategic Deception! This pack of frozen dumplings was even more expensive than the broccoli produced by the Office of Strategic Deception! One might as well buy broccoli themselves to mash for their own dumplings!

"What is the filling for the dumplings?" Even Gao Tian couldn't help but be curious.

"Three delicacies; I remember that they were nutritious dumplings that are especially suitable for pregnant women," said Wu Yuanji.

"Why did you eat that sort of thing? Are you pregnant?" Xiao Yin had an astonished look on his face.

"I also have office staff I need to pay. This pack of frozen dumplings was in the returned goods section, and was cheap."

"The returned goods section again..."

Gao Tian lowered his head in thought.

Returned goods section. Frozen dumplings. Nutritious dumplings especially for pregnant women... This basic information was identical to the content of Father Zheng's confession back then.

Could it be that some manufacturer was using these frozen dumplings as an experiment, and adding illicit medicine to them?

Gao Tian thought of this possibility.

It was everyone's responsibility to bust drugs and illicit medicine, and the people of the world should pay attention to this issue - how many families had been destroyed because of drugs and illicit medicine? How many anti-drug officers had been sacrificed on the frontline because of these hateful drug dealers?

The fight against drugs and illicit medicine should be a national resistance movement!

New drugs were now popping up incessantly on the market. If someone was really using frozen dumplings to make this sort of bewildering medicine, it was an outrage!

"Look for any leads on these dumplings at once!" Chief Zhao was clearly aware of how serious the problem was, and he couldn't sit still anymore.

But when Zhuo Yi heard about these "frozen dumplings for pregnant women," his expression turned hesitant...

He remembered that his shifu's mother had gotten pregnant and seemed to have bought a lot of things from the cultivation department store a while ago, and frozen dumplings were on the list... When Zhuo Yi dropped by the Wang family's small villa previously, Mother Wang had been returning goods because she had bought too many things, and Zhuo Yi remembered that a box of frozen dumplings had been moved to the truck.

Thus, in this returned goods section, there was a box of frozen dumplings which had once been at the Wang family's small villa... Whether or not the box of frozen dumplings had any specific connection to the dumplings which Wu Yuanji and Father Zheng had eaten, Zhuo Yi wasn't sure...

"It can't be such a coincidence, right?" Actually, Zhuo Yi was still a little scared.

He made a note of the matter and planned to text his shifu for confirmation. He knew that his shifu was fond of enchanting things to play with when he had nothing to do - if his shifu had truly enchanted this pack of frozen dumplings, then everything made sense.

It would be strange if anyone who ate the frozen dumplings enchanted by his shifu didn't level up quickly in their realms!

It was fine if they used this sudden increase in fighting strength to do what was right - if they were like Wu Yuanji, and used this sudden gift of power to break the law however they could, not only would this create havoc in society, the police would also be kept perpetually busy.

During the interrogation that very night, Wu Yuanji confessed to his crimes. He had been caught in the act on camera by Gao Tian, and plus Miss Little Liang's disability report, Wu Yuanji had no way to defend himself even if he wanted to.

He was looking at a prison sentence as long as a hundred years.

This devil of the legal profession, who had been stirring up trouble for so long with his intellect and malicious strategies, was unable to escape the law in the end.

The next day, September 20th, was the thirty-seventh day of the summer vacation.

Fu Fusheng appeared in court alone; he no longer had a defense lawyer.

This was because Wu Yuanji had been arrested, and given that Fu Fusheng had hired Wu Yuanji, this public enemy of the legal profession, not a single lawyer in the lawyers' circle in the whole of Songhai city was willing to help take this case for Fu Fusheng after the latter requested a substitute defense lawyer.

Similarly, Miss Little Liang's appearance also shocked the entire cultivation world.

When Wang Ling got up in the morning, the class chat group was already abuzz.

No one thought that a cockroach would actually be used as a witness.

"A cockroach... is this for real? My prediction came true?" Chen Chao exclaimed. A while ago, he had mentioned that a cockroach or some other bug in the house might have seen what had happened, but he never thought that the court would actually find a cockroach to testify.

Since this was a public trial, a lot of people took screenshots of the live broadcast, which they shared directly in the group.

Seeing Miss Little Liang, with the two feelers on her head, assert the facts in court, everyone couldn't help laughing.

"Why does this cockroach look a little cute? I used to think cockroaches were very disgusting..."

"Maybe it's because this little cockroach has a lolita voice?"

Lolita voice... Sure enough, it was the root of all evil.

Some used it to swindle others out of money, while a cockroach used it to act cute...

At that moment, Teacher Pan couldn't help speaking in the group. "Students, this proves that all living things are equal to begin with. As long as there is harmony among all living things, even cockroaches can grow to assist humans. This is a very momentous event that is worth reflecting on. To that end, students, I'm going to give you another assignment."

Everyone: "..."

"With cockroaches and humans as the main topic, write an essay of no less than 800 words with a clearly defined theme, bright determination, and positive energy! Show the special bonds and friendship between living creatures!"

"..."

The chat group instantly sunk into an awkward silence.

"???"

Teacher Pan wasn't happy. "Students, why aren't you saying anything? Is it because you feel that the word count is too low? Then how about this: the first five students to respond will only need to write 800 words, and everyone else will have to write at least 2,000 words."

"..."

Seeing this, Wang Ling instantly replied with an ellipsis.

"Very good, congratulations to Student Wang Ling, the first person who only needs to write 800 words." Teacher Pan nodded in satisfaction.

"Fuck! Wang Ling, you damn person, I knew you were lurking! Your hand speed has never been this fast!" Chen Chao couldn't help roasting him.





Chapter 1055 The Secret Of Frozen Dumplings


During the second hearing, Fu Fusheng finally admitted to everything: from plagiarizing Student Zheng Jingxuan's earlier works for the competition to betraying the biggest mastermind, Liu Yi.

Although Liu Yi was already dead and dead people didn't have to take responsibility for their crimes, that didn't mean civil damages didn't have to be paid out.

Father Zheng's requests were very simple: He demanded that Raven Studio, under Liu Yi and Fu Fusheng, compensate him 365 million yuan, which was the total profits the studio had illegally made from Student Zheng's early magic treasure designs, and that the studio apologize publicly to the late Zheng Jingxuan, to restore his reputation.

At the same time, Father Zheng asked that the compensation be made into an additional award in the magic treasure design competition and be called the "Jingxuan Award," to encourage genuine participants to create original magic treasures.

The court approved this compensation request.

Chief Judge Liang Xin banged the gavel.

And so, three years later on September 21st, the thirty-eighth day of the summer break, the plagiarism case which tore apart the Zheng family was finally completely overturned.

Additionally, the police officers, judges and jury who were responsible for hearing the case back then all received disciplinary warnings.

It was a fact that they had caused the Zheng family distress by ruling in error when the facts weren't clear and the evidence was lacking.

On the other hand, this also proved that the judicial system was fair, and reflected the courage to take responsibility, to own up to mistakes, and to ascertain the truth.

The false charges from three years ago were done with and Father Zheng's family problems were resolved. For Wang Ling, however, the Wang family's "problems" had only just begun.

He received a text message from Zhuo Yi.

It was about the "frozen dumplings" which Father Zheng and that devil's lawyer Wu Yuanji had both mentioned.

Director Zhao of the General Police Bureau suspected that someone was planting drugs in the dumpling filling, and thus attached great importance to their origin and source, which forced Wang Ling to get serious about it.

What he could be sure of at the moment was that Mother Wang did buy some frozen dumplings suitable for pregnant women some time ago, but it had been an impulse buy. When she later came back to her senses, she returned a portion of the goods, which included the box of frozen dumplings.

Wang Ling's "Great Enlightenment Spell" had the power to turn the rotten into the miraculous. He had enlightened the tricycle, the microwave, and the toilet - a while ago, he had even enlightened his own bedroom door.

But Wang Ling wasn't bored enough to use such a mystical Heavenly Dao spell to enchant a box of frozen dumplings...

There was nothing wrong with the dumplings; why would he enchant them?

And if he did, so what?

Would they become as crunchy as crispy noodle snacks?

Would they give you Water Margin hero cards when you ate them?

No!

Since they couldn't, why would he enchant them...

Wang Ling also paid special attention to the origin of these dumplings.

What happened to the box of frozen dumplings that had been sent to his place? Wang Ling felt he had to get to the bottom of it.

To sum up the changes in Father Zheng and Wu Yuanji after they ate the frozen dumplings:

The first was the abnormal increase in their realms.

Both of them almost reached the Nascent Soul stage after eating the dumplings.

It was a direct leap to a major realm.

Under normal circumstances, a cultivator couldn't advance from the Golden Core to the Nascent Soul stage without hundreds of years of practice.

Second and most importantly, Zheng Tianqiang and Wu Yuanji both gained powers related to shadow, and there might be some sort of connection.

Wang Ling quickly thought of this possibility.

To confirm his guess, Wang Ling quickly replied to Zhuo Yi. To verify it, he had to see Wu Yuanji and Zheng Tianqiang at close range.

But it was impossible for Wang Ling to go in person. He was only a 16-year-old high school student. Even if Zhuo Yi could get him in by taking advantage of his position, it might reflect badly on him if word got out.

So, Wang Ling came up with an unusual method...

On the other side, Zhuo Yi stared at Wang Ling's astonishing response on his phone with an amazed expression on his face. "Possession?"

That was right.

In order to get close to Wu Yuanji and Zheng Tianqiang, Wang Ling decided to use an old method — long range body possession. This was a Heavenly Dao spell based on the Great Soul Merging Spell, whereby Wang Ling could freely select a person to possess. At the same time, however, this spell was very risky, and it was very dangerous for Wang Ling to possess someone else's body, unless it was a blood relative or someone he had a very close rapport with.

This was because Wang Ling's soul was too strong, and not every corporeal body would be able to endure his "torment." If the body couldn't house the soul's power, it was possible that the body would explode.

The reason why Wang Ling chose Zhuo Yi was very simple.

Zhuo Yi had already been his disciple for several months, and they had a pretty close master and disciple relationship. Most importantly, all the cultivation techniques Zhuo Yi was learning now were from Wang Ling, so Wang Ling estimated that there was a very low risk to Zhuo Yi's body.

Besides, even if some danger popped up, Wang Ling could think of a way to regenerate Zhuo Yi's body... In any case, Zhuo Yi was one of his own, so it wasn't a big deal if something went wrong.

But it was different if Wang Ling were to possess someone else. Wang Ling might be able to solve the problem if something went wrong, but he could still hurt the other party.

This was Wang Ling's first time possessing someone, and also Zhuo Yi's first time being possessed by Wang Ling. The last time Zhuo Yi's body had been taken over was when he had received Jingke's power. Actually, that couldn't be considered a true fusion, and was just a simple body control spell. Furthermore, Zhuo Yi's consciousness had still been present then.

But possession was different.

Zhuo Yi would have no memory of the time he was possessed by Wang Ling.

Wang Ling thus chose his words carefully and sent these points of caution about possession to Zhuo Yi; he thought Zhuo Yi would be intimidated by these distinct side effects. This was a body possession, after all - not everyone could stand the feeling of a foreign intrusion of their body.

Some people would even experience stress symptoms for a long time after being possessed, such as vomiting, fatigue, a high body temperature, increased trips to the toilet, and irritability... That was right, these stress symptoms were similar to early signs of pregnancy...

Wang Ling was worried that Zhuo Yi might refuse, so he told him all the possible side effects.

But who the hell knew, Zhuo Yi this guy seemed especially excited.

" Shifu , when are you coming over?"

"..."

"Hurry up, shifu ! I can't wait! You must always remember that as your most beloved disciple, I will always have a place in my body for you!!"

"..."





Chapter 1056 Wang Ling's Possession


The hoo-ha about the magic treasure design incident came to an end, but it didn't mean the end of Zhuo Yi's mission. The black shadow army that had escaped the Palace of Mirrors was the primary target of Zhuo Yi's investigation and pursuit. Huaxiu Alliance had secretly handed this mission to the Office of Strategic Deception, and Zhuo Yi was the overall commander representing the Office of Strategic Deception in the search for clues on the black shadow army.

This organization was far craftier than Zhuo Yi had imagined. During this period of time, Xiao Yin and Er Ha had joined forces to search everywhere for the aura of the black shadow army, but came up empty-handed. Even the Lord and Lady of the Castle, of the Office of Strategic Deception's intelligence department, were unable to intercept any valuable leads.

It was very clear that this black shadow army had a strict management hierarchy which prevented any internal intelligence from being leaked. This was a very strictly managed organization! Given how strict the management was, it was definitely hiding some large, unspeakable secret.

Wang Ling had possessed Zhuo Yi's body at that moment, while his own body had entered standby mode. In this mode, Wang Ling would go about his daily routine as though an AI had been implanted in him. It was akin to a smart app running in the background.

Thankfully, Wang Ling usually hardly ever spoke. Even in this state, he wouldn't seem too different from his usual form.

It was just that if he encountered danger in this mode, Wang Ling wouldn't actively attack, and would instead enter a passive defense mode - in layman terms, he would endure a beating without retaliating.

He only wanted to possess Zhuo Yi's body to get close to Wu Yuanji and Zheng Tianqiang, and see if the situation they were currently facing matched his theory... The possession wouldn't take too long, and Wang Ling felt that it shouldn't be a problem to leave his actual body for a short period of time.

This was Wang Ling's first time possessing Zhuo Yi.

Zhuo Yi was slightly taller than Wang Ling and had the fully mature body of an adult. However, as soon as Wang Ling entered Zhuo Yi's body, he suddenly felt a sharp pain in his back...

It was a protruding lumbar disc...

This was a medical affliction which Zhuo Yi had gotten from work after becoming Director of the General Administration of 100 Schools.

Cultivators also suffered from slipped discs; once it was diagnosed, it was difficult to treat at its root.

Cultivators had a higher bone density than ordinary people to begin with. Thus, pressing a protruding disc back into position was excruciatingly painful.

Zhuo Yi, who suffered from the pain of the slipped disc all the time, received a temporary reprieve with Wang Ling's possession...

Being an adult is really difficult...

Wang Ling sighed inwardly.

With two souls in one body, Wang Ling's soul took control of Zhuo Yi's body.

After losing control of his body, Zhuo Yi could still sense the slipped disc but didn't feel any pain. "Shifu, it seems I can't move. Are you already inside?"

Wang Ling: "..." Don't make such ambiguous comments!

"Shifu? Shifu?" Zhuo Yi kept asking incessantly.

Feeling helpless, Wang Ling could only answer, "Yea..."

"Phew..."

Zhuo Yi heaved a sigh of relief. "Then, does it feel comfortable being inside me..."

Wang Ling: "???"

Zhuo Yi: "No... Shifu, what I mean is, are you accustomed to using my body..."

He knew that he had a slipped disc, and while he had some relief in his situation after his soul was liberated, he was still worried that Wang Ling was unaccustomed to his body.

The biggest problem with a slipped disc was that just a bit of walking would aggravate the lumbar. Thus, Zhuo Yi always walked with a stiff waist to relieve some pressure on the bone.

In fact, after the court hearing for the magic treasure plagiarism case, Zhuo Yi's slipped disc had reared its head again. He had been resting in bed all this time, his waist cushioned on a soft jade pad which radiated a chill. Usually, half an hour of rest was enough to reduce the pain significantly.

But Wang Ling sensed that things couldn't be delayed any longer. Directly controlling Zhuo Yi's body, he teleported to a thicket in the vicinity of Songhai First Prison before walking out of the woods.

This already wasn't Zhuo Yi's first time here. Returning to the prison felt like coming home... When the guards at the entrance saw that Zhuo Yi had come, they opened the gate without even checking his ID.

There was a scanner at the prison gate to prevent people in disguise from sneaking in. It could even detect True Immortals. Thus, it was practically impossible for a person to disguise themselves as Zhuo Yi and infiltrate the prison. Only an Almighty with Heavenly Dao like Wang Ling could go undetected.

"Director Zhuo, you're here again!"

"The guest room has already been tidied up for you. If you have more work today, you can just stay the night."

"..." Wang Ling was startled. There was actually a private guest room for Zhuo Yi in the prison...

From the looks of it, Warden Liang and Zhuo Yi had quite the extraordinary relationship.

Actually, Warden Liang generally revered Zhuo Yi very highly.

Zhuo Yi's performance was intricately tied to Songhai First Prison's achievements... If more and more big shots were caught and thrown into Songhai First Prison, the prison's reputation and Warden Liang's fame in the outside world would gain additional halos.

All the prison staff would receive a substantial pay rise.

Thus, everyone had smiles on their faces when they saw that Zhuo Yi had come.

Wang Ling wasn't good at smiling, but in order not to expose himself, he struggled to give several fake smiles using Zhuo Yi's body. Although they looked fake, they were at the very least enough to fool everyone else.

The Old Devil; the Master of Immortal Mansion, Cheng Yu; and Evil Sword God were still locked up together in the special prison cell.

The recently imprisoned Father Zheng and Wu Yuanji had been locked up in separate maximum security prison cells.

These two were considered high-risk prisoners. After going on trial, Father Zheng was finally sentenced to eight years of imprisonment. This was already considered a light sentence. However, since Father Zheng showed remorse, he and Wu Yuanji were put in separate cells, so the condition of his surroundings wasn't too terrible.

As for Wu Yuanji, he was in a tragic situation.

Despite also being in a maximum security prison cell, there were heavily armed guards around Wu Yuanji's cell. This demon's lawyer had once relied on his own strength to help many prisoners initially facing heavy sentences walk free... Songhai First Prison's prison officers held deep grudges against him over all these years.

Wu Yuanji thus naturally received "special treatment" after he was imprisoned...

"Wu Yuanji!" A prison officer walked into Wu Yuanji's cell. "To satisfy the psychological needs of the three special convicts in the special prison cell, and to prevent them from developing mental illness from being locked up for so long, you're required to play one hour of mahjong with them daily."

Wu Yuanji: "..."

When he arrived at the entrance to the special prison cell, he saw two prison officers carrying out a prisoner covered in a white cloth as they rushed to get him emergency medical treatment.

Wu Yuanji: "This is...?"

Prison Officer: "The last person who played mahjong with them."

Wu Yuanji: "..."

Prison officer: "Don't try any funny tricks while you're playing mahjong. Otherwise, the next person to be carried out will be you."

Wu Yuanji: "..."





Chapter 1057 Prison Break


Wang Ling could feel how convenient it was to use Zhuo Yi's body inside the prison; Zhuo Yi was like a walking pass who could freely go anywhere. He didn't need to give Warden Liang special notice, not even to visit the special cells; it was fine to just inform the prison officers. This wasn't considered breaking regulations, since according to the official bulletins, it was Zhuo Yi who had arrested the Old Devil and the others. Thus, Zhuo Yi visiting them wasn't a cause for concern.

Wang Ling decided to visit Father Zheng first.

His grievances redressed, Father Zheng was naturally extremely relieved, and even accepted his imprisonment.

The prison had already found work for Father Zheng; if he worked hard, he might be able to get out on a shortened sentence.

Wang Ling found Father Zheng inside a prison factory, pouring talisman paper pulp into a machine. This was a talisman factory, where Father Zheng and the other labor reform prisoners worked to manufacture talisman paper.

Talismans were a hard necessity in the cultivation world, with billions of talismans consumed every day. The bulk of talisman paper was used for "cleaning talismans," "purification talismans" and so on, which were used to tidy up the city and to filter out poisonous air particles, thereby keeping the city clean and giving the citizens blue skies. To keep up with this huge consumption, the production of talisman paper was very important.

Thus, basically ninety percent of the talismans that were consumed daily were produced by prisoners in prisons all over the country working day and night. The manufacturing costs for cleaning talismans and so on were lower, so there was no need to use high quality paper. There was nothing better than slashing costs and protecting the environment; using a large processing plant and high quality talisman paper, conversely, was a little like using a sledgehammer to crack nuts.

Of course, apart from producing talisman paper, Father Zheng had another task which was the most important, and that was drawing.

Father Zheng currently had the highest realm in this factory, and he also had some experience in drawing talismans. Not only could he draw over a thousand simple talismans like the cleaning talisman, he could also teach the other inmates to do so. The prison could thus save substantially on needing to hire someone to draw the cleaning talismans.

Not only did Father Zheng help the prison save money, he also gave the other prisoners a skill with which they could make a living. After they got out, they would definitely be able to find work. As long as they knew how to draw a cleaning talisman, they could join a talisman processing company and earn money. The pay wasn't high, but supporting themselves wouldn't be a problem. Furthermore, as long as you were willing to learn in the talisman processing company, you could try drawing more advanced talismans. After accumulating more experience in drawing talismans, you could be promoted.

Warden Liang was naturally delighted with such an outcome, and it looked like the red flag that moved around the major prisons might once again come to rest at his Songhai First Prison.

When Wang Ling reached the factory, he saw Father Zheng from afar working earnestly.

"Director Zhuo, do you want me to bring Zheng Tianqiang over for you?" one of the prison officers overseeing the factory asked.

"Shifu, you just need to wave your hand." Zhuo Yi's voice rang out.

Wang Ling did as Zhuo Yi said and gestured with his hand. The prison officer instantly understood its meaning and nodded at Zhuo Yi before withdrawing.

Wang Ling didn't approach Zheng Tianqiang too closely, since he was close enough to use his spiritual senses to search probe for information.

Standing where he was, the information which Wang Ling obtained from Zheng Tianqiang made him frown deeply.

It was obvious that Father Zheng's newly awakened power didn't belong to him, but was from an external party.

This power was very similar to the shock wave that had been released by the fetus inside Mother Wang at the Wang family's small villa!

Was it Ah Nuan who had bestowed this power on them...

Wang Ling didn't expect his little sister to be more powerful than he imagined.

Mother Wang had been pregnant for less than a month, and already Ah Nuan had her own consciousness, and had even given power to outsiders... Moreover, this power might have been spread through that box of frozen dumplings.

This was an unexpected outcome.

His little sister was really naughty...

But at least Wang Ling now knew how his little sister Wang Nuan had given this power to other people. Why had she used frozen dumplings? This was enough to prove that with her current strength, Ah Nuan wasn't able to grant the power directly, and could only use indirect methods to do so. For example, she could inject her own energy into a bag of frozen food, and the people who ate it would inherit this energy.

Apart from that, Wang Ling discovered something else, which was that Father Zheng's and Wu Yuanji's powers both had something to do with shadow.

It was as if their shadows had been given some sort of consciousness which was somehow connected to their bodies.

This was precisely why Father Zheng and Wu Yuanji could use the power of shadow to travel through computer screens.

But it was obvious that while the shadow was powerful, Father Zheng and Wu Yuanji had yet to be fully enlightened. They had been granted the power of shadow, but hadn't exhibited its true strength - using shadows to travel through screens was nothing more than a parlor trick.

Just as Wang Ling was about to probe deeper with his spiritual senses, hidden killing intent drifted over from outside the prison.

After a person from Shadow Stream destroyed a wall and escaped Songhai First Prison the last time, the surrounding high wall and barrier had been reinforced; not everyone could waltz into the prison as easily as Zhuo Yi.

At that moment, someone was surveying Songhai First Prison from high ground.

Bai Youquan's white robe flapped in the wind. "Everyone, our mission this time is to capture Zheng Tianqiang and Wu Yuanji alive."

After returning from the Palace of Mirrors, the black shadow army had been waiting on the numbers for the fluctuation of Shadow all this time. They had dispatched forces to monitor Wang Ling's family at the villa, but completely hadn't expected the fluctuation to suddenly move and appear on Wu Yuanji and Zhen Tianqiang.

Bai Youquan was utterly pleased at this discovery.

As long as they could catch these two people, who had the fluctuation of Shadow on them, there was hope for them to revive their forces. Unfortunately, Wu Yuanji and Zheng Tianqiang these two fools didn't know how to thoroughly activate this incredible power which they had obtained.

Breaking prisoners out of jail -

This was tantamount to starting a war.

After halting operations for a long while following the Palace of Mirrors incident, the black shadow army had been waiting for a suitable opportunity all this time to declare their existence to the world.

The chance had now arrived.

"Shadow Brute, it's your turn to go up," Bai Youquan said lightly.

A shadow giant five to six meters tall showed himself in the group. He stomped his foot and the ground trembled. Wrapped in black shadow from head to toe, he held a black shadow axe in each hand. At Bai Youquan's command, he lifted his axes and straightaway charged at the prison gate.

The moment the shadow giant attacked the gate, Songhai First Prison's highest alarm level shattered the silence of the night in Songhai city.





Chapter 1058 Wang Ling: Fortunately, It's Not Especially Difficult


Songhai First Prison was on high alert at this sudden attack. Even though the outer defenses were well fortified, Bai Youquan was definitely prepared since he dared launch an attack at this moment in time.

Boosted by the power of Fate Dao, the black shadow army's combat strength was already higher than that of cultivators with typical realms. Together with Shadow Brute's presence, this was the siege plan which Bai Youquan had deliberately come up with.

Shadow Brute wasn't a real human, but a force split off from Fate Dao. Its shadow-like body was like that of a giant in the fairy tales, and carried an immense sense of oppression. An ill wind blew under the cover of that black shadow, tumultuously stirring up dust and clouds.

"Team One, hold your positions! Team One, hold your positions! Team Two, attack! The prison is entering maximum defense mode! Lock up the prisoners! Don't let them escape!"

Everything had happened suddenly, but fortunately, under Warden Liang's daily guidance, Songhai First Prison already had corresponding defensive measures in place.

Every single prison guard carried out their duty, and the first round of defense and offense against Bai Youquan's black shadow army was underway.

Some performed hand seals to reinforce the barrier while others left the barrier's secret exit to face the black shadow army in a bitter fight. They only had one task — to prevent the enemy forces from advancing in the shortest amount of time. They were to nip the other party's nefarious intentions in the bud!

The purpose of this attack could be nothing else but a prison break. And it was in fact very clear why the enemy had chosen this moment.

They were most likely here for the demon's lawyer, Wu Yuanji, as well as Father Zheng, Zheng Tianqiang.

Warden Liang knew that the situation was dire, so he immediately hurried to lead the fight on the front line.

He stood at the prison's entrance, and with a snap of his fingers, changed into the special leather armor combat wear for wardens. "Do we have confirmation on enemy numbers?"

"Sir, there's too many of them! They have more than a hundred!"

"They came prepared for this invasion!" Warden Liang immediately frowned. "Call the city office right away and request backup from the Police Bureau and the closest Immortal Arts Mobile Squadron!"

"Yes!"

After doing all this, Warden Liang turned his gaze to the gigantic Shadow Brute that was attempting to tear the barrier open.

As the prison warden, Warden Liang could tell at a glance that this big guy was probably the toughest person to deal with at the scene.

"Netherworld Chains!" With a wave of his hand, two chains immediately shot out of a rift in the air like swimming dragons. These chains moved according to Warden Liang's will, and they instantly crawled around Shadow Brute's limbs, wrapping it up tight!

"You did it! As expected of Warden Liang!" The crowd buzzed with excitement as Warden Liang's participation instantly raised the morale of all the prison officers fighting.

"This Netherworld Chains' Netherworld Flame has the ability to devour spirit qi. I heard that the Spirit Shackles were developed by referencing the Netherworld Chains... This big guy probably won't be able to escape," someone said.

"Everyone, charge! Take down this bunch of invaders!"

Wielding chains and brandishing immortal swords, the prison officers charged out in full force at the black shadow army.

But from beginning to end, no one sensed the mastermind behind this battle, Bai Youquan.

It looked like the black shadow army was on the brink of defeat, but in fact, this was all part of Bai Youquan's plan.

As the group of prison officers were made up of prison officers from various areas, they were a more mature police force than the Immortal Arts Mobile Squadron. They were also the strongest government combat group in Huaxiu Alliance apart from the special armed forces. Bai Youquan wanted to test this claim, but the outcome was far more disappointing than he had imagined.

Bai Youquan sighed softly and murmured, "We don't have time to fool around with them. Shadow Brute."

His voice wasn't loud, but this call seemed to imbue Shadow Brute with even more formidable strength, and the entire black shadow army instantly fell into a frenzy the moment Bai Youquan spoke.

"The Netherworld Chains... they're going to break apart!" Warden Liang's face drained of color. He never thought that the tables would instantly turn just as victory was within their grasp.

" Bang! "

Shadow Brute ripped the Netherworld Chains apart with its massive strength, instantly releasing an explosive force which sent countless prison officers flying in all directions like ants.

...

Although the black shadow army's offense was proceeding without a hitch, from beginning to end, no one noticed someone secretly observing the battle at the back: Wang Ling...

He had allowed Bai Youquan to escape the last time. Now that the other party had appeared once again, Wang Ling definitely wasn't going to miss out on this rare learning opportunity.

That was right...

Fate Dao was a special type of Great Dao that Wang Ling had yet to grasp.

It hadn't taken him more than a blink of an eye to learn Divine Dao the last time. But Fate Dao was more unusual, and Wang Ling needed more time to comprehend it. And the best way to achieve comprehension was to observe practitioners of Fate Dao up close.

Hence, after roughly two minutes of silent observation, Wang Ling's furrowed brow finally relaxed.

Furthermore, he had his own comment on the Great Dao known as Fate Dao: "Fortunately, it's not especially difficult."

" Shifu , the situation isn't looking good!" While Wang Ling had been learning, Zhuo Yi had broken down with anxiety, and was feeling all sorts of emotions when he saw that the prison barrier was about to shatter.

"Calm down." Wang Ling placated Zhuo Yi.

Then, he took a step forward and instantly teleported to the heart of the battle.

Naturally, the first thing Wang Ling did wasn't to kill the enemy.

Instead, he had to protect the prison officers.

It was a good thing he had picked up Fate Dao quickly. Although the prison officers were at a disadvantage, the situation wasn't completely beyond saving.

Several prison officers had passed out from their injuries on the battlefield. Curling his fingers, Wang Ling gathered all the unconscious combat officers in one spot and cast the Great Healing Spell, instantly healing their injuries.

Far away, Bai Youquan was dumbfounded at Zhuo Yi's sudden appearance.

This wasn't his first time clashing with Zhuo Yi, but he never thought that Zhuo Yi would have powerful magic.

While Bai Youquan was still pondering, Wang Ling spread out his fair palm once again in the air. In a flash, the palm lines in his hand changed to form a high-level magic array in the air, which enveloped all the combat officers...

This was a magic array that no one present had seen before. The runes on it were so abstruse and advanced that even Warden Liang was dumbstruck.

He never expected Zhuo Yi to have such hidden depths...

"Director Zhuo, this magic array is...?" Warden Liang asked.

Wang Ling answered in Zhuo Yi's voice, "Tian Gang Infinite Health Array."

What was that?

Infinite Health Array?

Warden Liang didn't think he had heard of this magic array before.

But at that moment, one of Shadow Brute's sharp claws suddenly pierced Warden Liang's stomach...

A bloody, gaping hole appeared in Warden Liang's abdomen.

With the blood gushing out and his innards destroyed, Warden Liang's death should have been a sure thing.

But the problem was...

Warden Liang didn't feel any pain at all!





Chapter 1059 Do You Think Wang Ling Is a Sis-Con?


Tian Gang Infinite Health Array.

This was a branch of the Great Infinite Health Spell, which was one of the thirty thousand Heavenly Dao that Wang Ling had mastered.

Combined with the Great Array Spell, you could get an instant spell and array combo effect. It was also this Great Array Spell which endowed the runes in Wang Ling's palm with something like spiritual consciousness the moment Wang Ling brought his hand down, as they swiftly sketched out the array Wang Ling wanted to set up.

After that, Wang Ling just need to press his palm, and the array would be complete!

Shadow Brute was a manifestation of Fate Dao and was extremely difficult to deal with. Warden Liang was very strong, but he still wasn't Shadow Brute's match when it came to genuine fighting strength. However, Wang Ling also knew full well that as an embodiment of Fate Dao, Shadow Brute didn't have tough endurance; once its strength was exhausted, it would have to go back to replenish its energy, which was similar to recharging a battery.

It was precisely because of this that Wang Ling was able to instantly grab hold of its weakness.

The prison had so many combat officers. Using a clone technique to help them one by one would be too eye-catching, so Wang Ling decided he might as well use the Great Infinite Health Spell and create an opportunity.

No other Heavenly Dao could compete with the Great Infinite Health Spell when it came to durability. According to the rules, the consumption of spiritual energy would increase with every second the Heavenly Dao was used. However, Wang Ling's primordial qi could be described as infinite. When all was said and done, there were few monsters like Wang Ling in this world who could ignore this consumption...

"No need to panic, everyone! Director Zhuo must have foreseen this situation, so he set up the array beforehand! Our health is infinite right now, and we won't feel any pain! Let's take this opportunity to arrest all these intruders!" At Warden Liang's bellow, the prison combat officers instantly regained their fighting spirit!

In the air, Wang Ling gazed at Bai Youquan's figure in the distance. He was using Zhuo Yi's body this time, so he didn't have to worry about who would carry this wok for him. Plus, this was beneficial for Zhuo Yi himself.

During this period when he was being possessed by Wang Ling, Zhuo Yi could actually learn a lot of battle skills, such as the angle of Wang Ling's slap... This was also something that Zhuo Yi would be able to experience up close during this time, since Zhuo Yi normally couldn't even see Wang Ling's movements clearly.

Zhuo Yi was naturally overwhelmed by this sort of beneficial hands-on learning; he never thought that there would be a day when his own body would be able to cast such a powerful Heavenly Dao spell!

"This Zhuo Yi... is stronger than reported in the news?" Bai Youquan looked shocked after Zhuo Yi's sudden appearance. He had investigated Zhuo Yi before, and this person was most assuredly at the Golden Core level - logically speaking, there was no way he could use such a powerful Heavenly Dao spell.

But if Zhuo Yi really was that strong, then this attack wasn't a loss - it at least made them aware of a potentially powerful enemy.

Why not feel out Zhuo Yi? See exactly how amazing he was?

Coming up with this bold idea, Bai Youquan was instantly excited.

Wang Ling was controlling Zhuo Yi's body, and while he was a little unaccustomed to it at first because of the slipped disc, he was now completely used to the body's configuration after breaking it in for a bit.

It was far more inferior to his own body, but in any case, it was his disciple's body, and not as bad as Wang Ling had imagined.

"King's Eye..."

Wang Ling swiped his sword fingers over his pupils. His left eye instantly turned fiery red like a blaze and the pupil unfolded into a golden three-petaled flower.

Wang Ling was worried that Zhuo Yi's body wouldn't be able to withstand the full visual power of the King's Eye, so he only used half of it. However, even half was powerful enough.

Chi!

Wang Ling turned into a streak of golden light in the sky, which lunged at Bai Youquan. The air rolled with this immense destructive power, creating friction and gouging out a deep trough in the ground in Wang Ling's wake.

Alarmed by this powerful destructive force, Bai Youquan's heart jumped, but he clearly wasn't any ordinary person. The moment Wang Ling's body pierced him, Bai Youquan had completed turned into shadow and his body became transparent.

Was this the power of shadow again...

Wang Ling was now one hundred percent sure that this new black soldier army had to be intricately linked to Wang Nuan, his unborn little sister. In the Palace of Mirrors, this gang had retreated so cleanly that they hadn't left any traces behind at all. Now that Wang Ling thought about it, it was precisely during that time that Mother Wang had become pregnant with Wang Nuan.

Were there really such coincidences in this world?

Wang Ling was aware of how serious this matter was.

They actually had the nerve to plot against Ah Nuan...

These people were really too bold.

Wang Ling didn't want to be a sis-con, but as a big brother, it was his duty to protect his little sister.

Bai Youquan...

Wang Ling had to catch this person, and then follow the trail back to uncover the mastermind behind everything!

He remembered that Wang Ming had mentioned a dream of his before, in which an impostor with Wang Ling's face was running everything behind the scenes. Not only did this imposter revive President Bai and Devil Gut Fungus Lord, he even gave this Bai Youquan, President Bai's son, an important position.

It was just that Wang Ling never expected this impostor's true target to be Wang Nuan.

"You can't hurt me." In shadow mode, Bai Youquan was completely immune to physical attacks. Wang Ling's deadly charge just now had been fierce, but hadn't hit Bai Youquan.

In the face of Bai Youquan's arrogance, Wang Ling only had three words: "You missed something..."

When Bai Youquan came back to his senses, he was astonished to realize that at some point, his soul had been marked! The physical attack just now had been a feint - it was his soul that Wang Ling had been aiming for from the very beginning!

King's Eye Soul Lock!

As long as Wang Ling willed it, a person whose soul had been locked down would be instantly recalled and detained, even if they fled to the ends of the earth.

Even the Old Devil and Evil Sword God hadn't received this sort of treatment back then...

Wang Ling was too afraid that the other party would just run away. If he escaped this time, who knew how long Wang Ling would have to wait for the next opportunity.

Rather than do the investigation himself, Wang Ling much preferred this, with the other party cockily dropping by to court death.

Bai Youquan had thought too highly of his strength.

At that moment, he saw this terrifying Director of the General Administration of 100 Schools walk over to him step by step...

"Kneel."

Wang Ling stared at Bai Youquan. His expression wasn't the least bit friendly, and his words were unquestionable. There wasn't any room for discussion in his tone; this was a nomological law of Heavenly Dao that was similar to a decree — Word Magic! With just one word, Bai Youquan's knees already couldn't withstand the pressure, and they bent completely and hit the ground hard.

...

A little survey: Do you think Wang Ling is a sis-con?

1: Yes (please reply: 1)

2: No (please reply: 2)





Chapter 1060 The Truth About Fate Dao


As the saying went, capture the leader and the bandits will fall. Once Wang Ling took down Bai Youquan, the morale of the prison officers instantly skyrocketed!

They never expected the legendary Director Zhuo to actually have such hidden depths. If Zhuo Yi hadn't put a stop to this prison invasion, the enemy might have already bored several holes in their barrier! Not only that, the prison would suffer mass numbers of casualties! And if word of this got out, it would definitely drastically affect the cultivation residents of Songhai city.

What kind of place was the prison?

It was the most heavily guarded place within Songhai city. If such a place was taken down by criminals, it would no doubt be a severe blow to everyone's sense of security.

In the Scientific Cultivation era, peace had always been the main tenet of the world; people scorned, resisted, and condemned this sort of criminal behavior.

Someone once said, "If you believe your country is bad, you can try to build it up. If you think the government is bad, you can strive hard to be an official. If you believe the citizens are lacking in culture, you should start being a highly-cultured citizen from today on to influence the people around you with actual actions. If you find your fellow men ignorant and unenlightened, then try to change others by studying hard. One shouldn't choose to grumble, curse, and escape, or even resort to chaos and violence.

"On the land which you stand upon, what you are is what it is. If you are out in the light, it will not be in the dark. If you strive for excellence, you will not heed the unfounded rumors and malicious gossip of those who wallow in self-misery. Don't listen to the cynics. If you can do something, do something. If you can say something, say something. If you have heat, then give out light. Even if you are a firefly, you can shine in the darkness.

"If there is no torch in the end, then you are the only light."

But unfortunately, there was a minority who didn't understand this rationale.

They raised bricks, claimed they were powerless commoners, and turned what was originally a peaceful protest into a farce of vandalism.

Violent behavior should be stopped anytime, anywhere.

Furthermore, these people of unknown origins were attempting to launch a futile attack on the prison...

Bai Youquan's soul had been locked in place by the King's Eye. Gritting his teeth, he attempted a last-ditch struggle.

He was the mastermind of this prison break; naturally, he would do whatever he could to escape.

The next moment, Bai Youquan writhed on the ground, crying out in pain. With his King's Eye, Wang Ling could clearly see that Bai Youquan was trying to split his soul apart.

Fate Dao was a special type of Great Dao. People with Fate Dao could borrow fate from the River of Fate to overturn the heavens and change their fate so as to fulfill their goal of attaining immortality and invulnerability.

This was a Great Dao which could control parallel dimensions.

This also meant that if Bai Youquan gave up his soul, the soul of another Bai Youquan from a parallel dimension would take over the current Bai Youquan's body.

This was the truth about Fate Dao.

Initially, Wang Ling hadn't quite understood how Fate Dao worked,

But everything was different now.

Actually, Bai Youquan's idea was doable. His soul had been locked down by the King's Eye, and he just needed to split it apart and swap it out to escape the King's Eye Soul Lock.

"Trying to use Fate Dao to obtain a new soul from a parallel dimension?" Wang Ling stared at Bai Youquan intently. Bai Youquan's soul quaked at his words, and he felt as though the thoughts had been plucked out of his head.

"You..."

Since his objective had been exposed, Bai Youquan's expression turned reckless in his hopeless situation. "So what if you've figured it out? You can't stop me!" He howled the words at Wang Ling before digging open a space tunnel with his bare hands and slipping through it like a fleeing loach. As Bai Youquan fled, he endured the two-fold pain of the splintering and transfer of his soul.

If it was just a physical injury, he could freely transport a new body from a parallel dimension for his own. Masters of Fate Dao could move around ten thousand parallel dimensions at least. Using these dimensions as their own was akin to having ten thousand lives.

When necessary, Fate Dao could be fully released so that a single person could even draw on the powers of the people in ten thousand dimensions to enhance themselves.

However, this was an all-out move, and the ultimate profundity of Fate Dao — Return As One.

Once this was carried out, ten thousand lives would gather in one body. Dying in this form would be permanent.

Bai Youquan didn't have the guts.

Furthermore, his Fate Dao was a power that had been bestowed upon him - he could only control one hundred dimensions.

If he used Return As One and ended up dying, his existence in all the parallel dimensions would be instantly wiped out.

There would no longer be a person known as Bai Youquan in the entire universe.

"Hurry up. Hurry up..."

Enduring the pain of the soul transfer, Bai Youquan allowed his body to float freely in the space tunnel as the spatial storm sliced at it.

Compared to the pain that was acting on his soul, the torment of his physical body was nothing.

But Bai Youquan very quickly noticed that something had gone wrong during the soul transfer.

A force seemed to be stopping him from drawing power from a parallel dimension.

The next moment, Bai Youquan realized that a crack had unexpectedly appeared in the space tunnel below him, and a golden-red eye was observing him from the middle of it. Instantly, Bai Youquan was sucked into the crack...

By the time Bai Youquan came back to his senses, he was kneeling once more in front of Wang Ling.

Bai Youquan thought that he had already fled thousands of li through the spatial rift, but the King's Eye had recalled his soul in the blink of an eye! Bai Youquan was pulled back in front of Wang Ling! The distance had become a matter of inches! No matter how Bai Youquan fled, he had no way of escaping Wang Ling's pursuit!

"It's you... You stopped me?" Bai Youquan's soul wasn't replaced with one from another parallel dimension as he had hoped. He stared at Wang Ling incredulously. "You... you aren't Zhuo Yi!"

Bai Youquan had noticed that something was amiss, but so what? Even if he spoke out, no one would believe the words of a criminal.

Wang Ling raised his sword fingers and pointed them at Bai Youquan.

His voice resounded in Bai Youquan's head. "I've devoured your Fate Dao. Now, you only have one life..."

"You... you've mastered Fate Dao?" Bai Youquan found it unbelievable. He seemed to have already guessed the identity of the person hiding in Zhuo Yi's body, but ultimately didn't dare voice it aloud.

"Like it's hard?"

Wang Ling crouched down and stared at Bai Youquan. He then reached out one hand to pinch Bai Youquan's lower jaw. "Speak. Tell me your objective."





Chapter 1061 Wang Ling's Worries


Bai Youquan tried to struggle, but discovered that he was powerless to free himself from Wang Ling's clutches. Actually, if this was an ordinary situation, Wang Ling could choose to forcefully search the other party's memories if they refused to answer the question. Unfortunately, he couldn't use this tactic with Bai Youquan.

Although Wang Ling had already taken Bai Youquan's Fate Dao, it still belonged to the latter. Once Fate Dao was used, Bai Youquan's mind space would turn into chaos as the memories of the Bai Youquans from all the other parallel worlds would be jumbled up like paste, and difficult to tell apart.

Wang Ling was in no hurry to interrogate Bai Youquan; he still had Zhuo Yi, after all - it was only right that this sort of menial task was left to his disciple.

After casting the Great Prohibition Spell on Bai Youquan, Wang Ling returned to his original body. Bai Youquan could currently be described as a locust without its shell, and utterly useless. The more terrifying thing, moreover, was that, as the head of the black soldier army, he would be put in the special cell to play nice with the mahjong trio.

This would also be the first time that the mahjong room would have four people; they would no longer need to find people from the other prison cells to make up the number.

Interrogating Bai Youquan would take some time, and couldn't be done hastily. But with Bai Youquan's prison invasion, Wang Ling had at least determined what the black soldier army organization's objective was - it was very clear that they were after his little sister, Wang Nuan. Zheng Tianqiang and Wu Yuanji might have been targeted because she had granted them special powers.

Based on the Wang family's genes... Wang Ling believed Wang Nuan probably had a special type of Great Dao ability, on par with Heavenly Dao, Divine Dao and Fate Dao. In addition, this ability was similar to Fate Dao, and was an endowment in nature: It could activate a person's shadow and give a person a quick power-up in a short period of time. At the same time, they gained the ability to manipulate shadows.

But Wu Yuanji and Zheng Tianqiang clearly could only manipulate shadows at the most basic level.

If this was the power of a Great Dao, it certainly wouldn't just be as simple as this bestowed ability...

Which was why Wang Ling was thoroughly alarmed.

His little sister wasn't born yet... She hadn't even been inside Mother Wang's belly for half a month, but she already knew how to make trouble... After she was born, she would definitely be Red Flame Mad Devil Mo Xiaobei1!

1(A character in "My Own Swordsman..") It was September 22nd, the thirty-ninth day of the summer break.

Songhai First Prison was attacked by an unknown force. Director Zhuo Yi, who had been carrying out an investigation, took the lead and successfully held them back along with Warden Liang, saved all the prison combat officers, and even apprehended a sub-leader of the unknown force along with one hundred members of this gang - the news exploded online.

Zhuo Yi became more famous than ever.

The scene last night of Wang Ling casting a Heavenly Dao spell while in Zhuo Yi's body was also perfectly recorded by the prison cameras. Although no one could understand what the spell was, they were already deeply shaken by the abstruse and complicated array runes of the Tian Gang Infinite Health Array.

Some of Zhuo Yi's peers in particular were secretly anti-fans who went around saying that Zhuo Yi's reputation was an empty one and that he didn't have any real talent. A lot of people were very unhappy with how Zhuo Yi would run to take credit basically any time there was a battle that didn't have reliable video evidence - how could such a person be a leader?

But the combat strength that Zhuo Yi displayed last night instantly left this bunch of anti-fans speechless...

His battle stance was graceful, to say nothing of the fact that they couldn't even find the array runes in the dictionary!

Thus, the moment the surveillance video was released, Zhuo Yi was instantly elevated to new heights by his peers, and he even had the honor of being bestowed a new nickname — a man who secretly takes extra lessons.

Wang Ling was highly interested in the interrogation. Once there was progress, Zhuo Yi would instantly report it to Wang Ling.

As for Wang Ling...

There were two things which worried him.

Based on the fluctuations coming from Wu Yuanji's and Zheng Tianqiang's bodies, Wang Ling determined that, while Wang Nuan had granted them their abilities, it hadn't been deliberate, and could be called an unintentional mistake.

It would be ten months before Wang Nuan popped out, and there was likely to be plenty of fetal movement during this period of time.

Wang Ling was already adept at drawing Dao talisman seals, so he wondered if he should draw one for Ah Nuan, and at least prevent her from accidentally leaking energy when she rolled around in the belly.

Thus, as the news was talking about Zhuo Yi that morning, Wang Ling raised Wang Nuan's matter with Father Wang. Drawing a talisman seal or whatnot meant extra spending: the talisman paper and special materials required cost about a thousand yuan.

This wasn't a large sum of money. In fact, as long as Wang Ling used his "Ling Zhenren" identity to ask around in the group, no one would refuse him the cash.

But Wang Ling wasn't in the habit of asking outsiders for money. Family matters were an internal affair, and should be handled internally.

This was also one of the family rules that Father and Mother Wang had drawn up for Wang Ling.

After hearing the whole story, Father Wang pushed up his glasses and then put down his coffee. "That's a good idea. But you'll have to earn the money yourself. As a reminder, you have to earn money with the abilities of a regular cultivation high school student, which means that your strength should be at the late Foundation Establishment stage at the very most. If you exceed this realm, two hundred yuan will be deducted from your allowance next month."

"..."

Wang Ling had thought Father Wang would readily agree - he never thought that this biological father of his would actually tell him to earn the money himself...

As expected of his biological father...

"It's not a large sum, and I could give it to you. But, Ling Ling, think about it - this is a big brother's feelings for a little sister. If the talisman you draw for your little sister is created from materials gathered with your own hard work, I believe that Ah Nuan will be very touched after she's born!"

After giving his earnest advice, Father Wang patted Wang Ling on the shoulder. "Go and think of something first. If there's really nothing you can do, your dad will give you the money."

This was a flawless statement; in the end, Wang Ling couldn't find an excuse to ask for the money.

Father Wang watched Wang Ling go up the stairs and felt a sense of satisfaction.

The moment Mother Wang fell pregnant with Wang Nuan, Father Wang had already decided to groom Wang Ling into a sis-con, to ensure that the brother and sister had a harmonious relationship.

Actually, there wasn't much further to go at this point in time...

And so came Wang Ling's second worry: a part-time job.

He, a sixteen-year-old high school student, taking up a part-time job...

Would anyone hire him?

Wang Ling was highly doubtful...

He decided to first figure out what he could do.

Based on the Wang family's rules for a part-time job, the main thing was that he wasn't allowed to use his innate Heavenly Dao ability to make money. In other words, this decree directly forbade Wang Ling from using Heavenly Dao spells to make money, which would have been easy for him.

Then, putting these sort of fantastical jobs aside, what else could he do?

Work as a temp at a convenience store?

Hand out leaflets on the street?

Or work at KFC?

...

A little survey: What sort of work do you Wang Ling could do?





Chapter 1062 Wang Ling's Work Day


In short, the problem was what sort of part-time job Wang Ling could get.

To not be able to use Heavenly Dao... It was going to be a bit difficult to earn this money. Otherwise, he could use his Heavenly Hearing to connect to other parallel dimensions and earn tens of thousands of yuan in minutes simply by selling some music rip-offs. But copying music actually wasn't a great plan, since the readers would suspect the author of padding the chapter.

Although Wang Ling couldn't use Heavenly Dao, he could still rely on his physique, and had thought about hawking himself out as someone else's punching bag; after all, no matter how he was beaten up, he couldn't get hurt. The problem, however, was that if the backlash killed the other person, then it would be for nothing! He still vividly remembered when the Shadow Stream assassins had attacked Number 60 High, and how the assassin captain was killed by a backlash.

The grass on the man's grave was probably dozens of meters high already...

After some serious thinking, Wang Ling started to seek out the opinions of Chen Chao and the others in their private group chat.

"A part-time job?" Chen Chao replied in the group right away. "Then, Wang Ling, forget about becoming a waiter."

"???" Wang Ling.

"You can't even smile; there's no way you can do that sort of work. Also, you'll probably get complaints. I heard that your pay will be docked if you get a complaint in that sort of place. If you and your stiff face work there, you might have to compensate the boss several hundred yuan every day."

"..."

"You be quiet. Given what Wang Ling's like, I know a job that'll be a pretty good fit for him." At that moment, Guo Hao suddenly came up with an idea.

"What is it?" Su Xiao was curious.

"You can be an extra at the cultivation film studio. It's hard but solid work, and they need student actors. I introduced plenty of the guys from the other classes to it, but none of them lasted long."

"Why not?"

"Because they laugh every time they act... They are obviously cast members, and in many cases they just pretend to be dead. I think this job is quite suitable for Wang Ling."

As soon as Guo Hao said that, Wang Ling replied right away: "I'll be counting on you!"

...

Wang Ling had never thought about becoming an idol or whatnot, but he felt that he was well-suited to be an extra. This wasn't an easy path to walk on, however - a two-bit actor who was a new face to a production crew wouldn't get any work for a long time or even be able to eat. They could only wait by the road outside the film studio and wait for production teams that were lacking people to come and recruit them. If you were lucky, you could scrape together one to two hundred yuan after following a crew around for a day. If an extra was lucky enough to be chosen by the director to say a couple of lines, it was possible to rake in several thousand in one day.

But that was a rare case, after all.

In the afternoon, Wang Ling arranged to meet Guo Hao at Songhai Film and Television Studio. Film studios were actually common nowadays, but Songhai city's film studio triumphed in terms of scale. Songhai was an international hub of cultural exchange, and its film studio was naturally favored by many domestic and international production teams as well as numerous famous directors.

Given its large scale, there were plenty of opportunities.

When cultivators shot films, there already wasn't any need in many cases to rely purely on special effects; when two cultivator actors fought in a scene, they created a lot of the explosions themselves... The point was that it looked a lot more realistic than cheap special effects! And saved on special effects production costs! Thus, a lot of films on the market now were an embellished mix of real cultivator fights and special effects.

There was no need to invest so much into special effects anymore - only a little brush-up and fine-tuning was needed to make the explosions and fights more striking.

Wearing his school uniform, Wang Ling waited for a while next to a stele with the words "Songhai Film and Television Studio" on it, and soon saw Master Guo Hao waving at him from afar. As for why he had to wear his uniform, Wang Ling still wasn't clear on this point. Since he was about to make some money, however, it wasn't a big deal. Furthermore, Guo Hao himself was also wearing the school uniform.

"Let's go. I'll bring you in." Guo Hao took out the actor ID tag which he had prepared in advance and stuck it on his chest; Wang Ling was a little blank when he glanced at this thing.

"It'll be fine. There'll be an audition later after you enter. Just muddle your way through it - I have an uncle who works in the audition department. Once you get the actor ID tag, it'll be very easy to get into the studio. With the tag, you can bring one person in, sort of like a recommendation." As Guo Hao introduced the studio to Wang Ling, he explained the rules at the same time.

Just as Wang Ling was about to ask why they had to come in their school uniforms, it was Guo Hao who brought it up first. "It just so happens that my uncle is planning to shoot an online movie with a school theme, and he needs two more people. He wanted me to bring someone over, and I was just about to ask someone else. In the end, you just happened to be looking for a part-time job! Hahaha!"

"School theme?" asked Wang Ling.

"That's right, this film is pretty awesome - it isn't just a school movie, but is also based on our own school! It's a story about Senior Zhuo! Hang on, l'll DM you the script."

"..."

Because of a confidentiality agreement, the script couldn't be made public for now, so Guo Hao couldn't send it in their small group. But since Wang Ling was now part of the studio, Guo Hao thought that letting him take a look was fine. Thus, he created an exclusive group for him and Wang Ling, and sent him the script inside this two-man group called: Oscar Film Emperor.

Leading Wang Ling over to get an actor ID tag, Guo Hao explained the script to him.

Wang Ling opened the file which Guo Hao had sent, and the massive film title at the very top jumped out at him.

Then, Wang Ling took a deep breath...

Because the film title was: Birth of the Demon Child Zhuo Yi1.

1(Adapted from the animated movie Birth of the Demon Child Nezha..) "..."

Wang Ling heard from Guo Hao that the production team hadn't contacted Zhuo Yi about this matter, but instead directly asked Headmaster Chen for the filming rights. Considering that Number 60 High was going to be upgraded to a key city high school very soon, Headmaster Chen felt that they could seize this opportunity to promote the school, and thus agreed. The most important thing was that it was a famous director who would be directing this film, called Feng Yiwei.

Of course, what amazed Wang Ling wasn't the film title or its director.

But the film's content.

When Wang Ling skimmed through the file and read the film outline, he was utterly stupefied... .

The film outline was such: When the Gate Between Worlds descended six years ago, a Chaos Pearl came into being. With all the experts of the cultivation world joining forces, the Chaos Pearl was refined into a Demon Pearl and an Immortal Pill. The number one sect in the cultivation world, Sixty Gates, set up a large array to destroy the Demon Pearl three years later. The head of Sixty Gates ordered his main disciple, Guo Hao, to place the Immortal Pill inside Zhuo Yi's body. In the end, due to a freak series of errors, the Immortal Pill was secretly replaced, and Zhuo Yi, who should have been born from the Immortal Pill, was born a demon. But Zhuo Yi didn't let his fate control him. He held fast to Sixty Gates' philosophy of punishing and eliminating evil. Because of the Demon Pearl, however, he was misunderstood as a demon who committed all sorts of atrocities, and was made a scapegoat time and time again... Faced with this situation, what would Zhuo Yi do...





Chapter 1063 Wang Ling's Acting Skills


Wang Ling suspected that this script might have been written by Chen Chao or a relative of the latter - even the scapegoat setting had been perfectly included inside the script, making it too real.

One had to go through an audition in order to get an actor ID tag, and the examiner would chose a theme. When Guo Hao brought Wang Ling in, the theme had already been decided on. There were six people in each group, and Wang Ling was in the second group. It was quite simple: everyone was required to act like they were suffering from facial paralysis. When the examiner cracked a joke, only those who didn't laugh would pass.

Wang Ling felt that this assessment was simply tailor-made for him, and it basically wouldn't be a problem at all.

After the first group of six went up, the examiner announced the theme for their group.

They had to act as if they were being blown about in a hurricane.

The first person pretended to be a tree; he raised his arms and let out "hu hu hu" sounds before falling to the ground.

One after another, the second, third, fourth and fifth individuals imitated him, which disappointed the examiner in charge of the audition. It was fine if it was just the first person, but it was meaningless for those that came after to copy him. Acting was an art which emphasized creativity.

Just as the examiner sighed, the other assessors turned their gazes to the last person. He was a fatty who looked to be over two hundred and sixty jin in weight, and who stood there unmoving, like a mountain.

The examiner: "Sir, what are you acting as?"

That fatty replied, "Shanghai Fortress1."

1(A Chinese film.) The examiner: "...Pass!"

Wang Ling and Guo Hao: "..."

Finally, it was Wang Ling's turn as part of the second test group, and he entered the exam room with the other five examiners.

Looking at the others, he thought that they were probably a few years younger than he was, and they all looked very young - it wasn't easy to make a living nowadays.

Over sixty percent of young people now chose to become live streamers, and basically stopped at nothing to become popular. To be an actor was somewhat tough, but at least it was an industry in which you could rely on your skills to make a living. Acting skills could continue to be polished over time, and one day, you might be chosen by some director and be given the chance to turn your life around. Hard work was hard work, but it was much better than relying on tricks to grab attention.

"Next, I'm going to tell you a joke, but I want you to hold back your laughter. This is the only assessment requirement for your group. As long as you don't laugh, you pass," said the chief examiner.

"Then, sir, will you laugh?" a bold youngster asked at that moment.

"Laugh? Of course not, we're professionals. No matter how funny it is, we won't laugh unless we can't help it." The chief examiner's gaze swept over them before he read out the joke from a book. "Once upon a time, there was a temple, and in that temple lived a foolish monk2... hahahaha..."

2(This is a story in which each sentence starts with the previous one.) "..."

The examiner's chair rocked back with his laughter and he directly fell off. When they saw this scene, the other assessors couldn't help but frown.

"Isn't Old Chen going a little overboard in his acting..."

"Mm, just a bit. But he can certainly act; no wonder he's the chief examiner. Look, Old Chen's twitching is so realistic. His entire body is shaking - there's probably no one here who can shake all over like Old Chen, is there?"

"I've looked at the joke, and it isn't funny at all. To be able to laugh like this in front of everyone, Old Chen is indeed a consummate actor!"

"Look... he seems to be frothing at the mouth..."

"He can even spew out froth - how brilliant! And did you see, he can even roll his eyes back! How detailed!"

"It certainly is detailed, and he even remembered to roll his eyes back. But there's still one thing I don't understand."

"What?"

"It's not hard to roll your eyes back, but as for his bloodshot eyes... how did he do that?"

"Damn... Old Chen isn't acting! He's really laughing! And he's going to laugh himself into passing out!"

When the examiners said that, some of the examinees in the second group finally couldn't take it anymore and burst out laughing. The chief examiner's requirement for them was to not laugh when he read out the joke, but in the end, he passed out laughing himself... Was there any joke funnier than this?

Thus, of the six people in the second group, only Wang Ling remained expressionless.

The examinees in the second group really couldn't be blamed - even those waiting in line outside the exam room laughed until their sides split because of this episode. Some of them laughed themselves breathless as they crouched down and clutched their stomachs.

Throughout it all, only Wang Ling's expression wasn't the least bit ruffled.

It could be said that he was the bona fide legendary poker face. Guo Hao was moved by Wang Ling's composure; as expected, it had been the right decision to recommend Wang Ling to work here!

...

After ten minutes or so, the examiners gave the actor ID tag to Wang Ling, and he was the only one in the second group of examinees to get it.

When they gave him the ID tag, one of the assessors said to Wang Ling with an admiring expression, "Student, you were too awesome. We as examiners laughed until we almost passed out, while you were actually completely unmoved."

"He's like that at school, too." Guo Hao put his arm over Wang Ling's shoulders and couldn't help feeling proud.

"So this guy is your classmate!" The assessor was cheerful. He didn't know Wang Ling, but he knew Guo Hao. Quite a few of the directors here were his uncles, so Guo Hao usually wasn't short of pocket money. If he didn't have any, he just needed to come here and do some acting - sometimes, lying on the ground for a day could net him hundreds of HNY.

Guo Hao could be considered pretty lucky this time. It just so happened that an online film about Number 60 High had just started filming at the studio, and Guo Hao had been introduced to the crew as an extra. This role only had three lines, but three lines for an extra was already amazing - and the most important thing was that his face would be on camera! Guo Hao fantasized about kickstarting a career with this opportunity - how could he not be happy!

When that time came, he would be the second Lu Xufan! The second Wu Yuanxi3!

3(A random combination of the names of some real life stars.) "Let's go, Wang Ling, I'll take you to the film set." Brimming with excitement, Guo Hao finally led Wang Ling to the film set for Birth of the Demon Child Zhuo Yi.

This was Wang Ling's first time on a film set, and the director was very charismatic as he directed the filming.

"Actors!"

"Lights!"

"ACTION!"

...

Guo Hao took Wang Ling around the place. It was actually the worst time for unrelated personnel to move about. A lot of newbie actors would accidentally walk into the camera frame, and a clip that hadn't been easy to shoot would become useless.

But as an old hand, Guo Hao knew the set like the back of his hand. He brought Wang Ling to the executive director, who looked Wang Ling up and down. "Is this the classmate you were talking about?"

"Yes, uncle!" Guo Hao nodded.

"Not bad, his looks pass." The executive director nodded his head.

"Then which scene will my classmate be acting in?"

"Let him try the next scene. There's a fight scene where he just needs to play dead," said the executive director.





Chapter 1064 Play Dead


Wang Ling actually felt that he was well-suited to work in show business. After all, it wasn't uncommon for teen idols in show business to sometimes be criticized for their poor acting since they weren't trained actors.

Happy reaction: poker face + wide eyes.

Angry reaction: poker face + wide eyes.

Frightened reaction: poker face + wide eyes.

Sad reaction: poker face + wide eyes...

This all-purpose formula was some idols' perfect answer to show business, so Wang Ling thought he could do it too...

But for now, Wang Ling wouldn't know what it was like to be the lead actor. He was already very content acting as an extra, thanks to Guo Hao's help.

Before shooting the second scene, the executive director approached Wang Ling. "Student Wang, let's talk about the second scene. It's a fight scene; where will you be lying?"

Wang Ling: "???"

"It's like this: the pay is different for different areas."

The executive director spread out a map of the site and said to Wang Ling patiently, "This green zone is basically safe. According to calculations, the actors' movements and spells cast during the fight won't affect the green zone. If you lie in the green zone, it's 80 to 100 yuan a day.

"The yellow zone is moderately dangerous and the daily reward is 100 to 500 yuan. A large amount of energy shock waves might pass through the air here during the fight scene. Calculating it precisely, it usually isn't dangerous. But the point is that once you lie down, you can't move as you like. No matter how loud the noise or explosions around you, you can't be scared into moving even an inch, since that will create complications. We often have actors who choose to lie down in the yellow zone for money. In the end, they overestimated their mental endurance. Some got up halfway through, and their legs and feet got blown off. As long as you don't move in this zone, you'll be fine."

"..."

"The reward for the red zone is 800 to 1,000 a day. How much an actor gets depends on their performance. The red zone is where the attacks are the most concentrated. The actors who lie inside this zone must be extremely strong of mind and profession. Since this zone will be covered in spells, you might be slightly burned while lying down, but the injury is manageable. We have an especially effective freeze cream. If you apply it to the burn immediately after the shoot, it won't leave any scars. However, you'll need to endure the pain."

The executive director continued, "In addition, we give actors who play dead in the red zone green golden light shields. The moment the spells come raining down, the green golden light shield will be automatically activated, and isn't life-threatening. If you flail about, however, you may be reduced to ash in an instant..."

Wang Ling was puzzled. "Green?"

"To make things easier in post-editing. Once it reaches this fight scene, the green golden light shields can be edited out in one go," Guo Hao explained.

Wang Ling: "..."

The executive director nodded. "In short, the thing you need to pay the most attention to in the three zones is: Do not move!! As long as you don't move, your life won't be in danger! Student Wang, which one will you choose?"

Wang Ling's face was expressionless. "Red."

He already had a Sage Body - Great Dao spells couldn't hurt him, let alone a few petty explosions.

The executive director was so moved that he even yelled excitedly, "Chief Director! Someone is finally willing to enter the red zone!!"

Wang Ling: "..."

After hearing this decision, Guo Hao felt a burst of nervousness. "Wang Ling, this is too much... Why don't you choose again? The red zone is really dangerous!"

"It's fine." Wang Ling's face was as unruffled as an ancient well.

Guo Hao had heard that Wang Ling was short of money, apparently because he wanted to buy a gift for his little sister.

Even Guo Hao hadn't expected Wang Ling to actually go this far for his little sister...

...

Roughly twenty minutes later, Wang Ling lay down in his designated spot in the red zone with twenty or so green golden light shields stuck to his back. In other words, he would have to endure almost twenty attacks. A regular actor's expression wouldn't be able to help trembling when a shock wave hit them in the face, to say nothing of a high school student.

Hence, a lot of people were skeptical of Wang Ling's ability to do it.

"He's so young - newborn calves aren't afraid of tigers1."

1(A Chinese idiom to describe young people as fearless.) "A fine young man insisting on looking for death, hey..."

Some seasoned extras on set talked about it behind the scenes. They felt that Wang Ling was courting death. They were all veterans who had already been acting for more than ten years, but still found it very hard not to change expressions when confronted with shock waves one after another. Furthermore, Wang Ling was playing someone who had died with his eyes wide open... In other words, Wang Ling's eyes had to remain open the whole time... Could he really do it?

"Extras, take your places!"

"Actor, take your place!"

At the executive director's instructions, all the extras lay down in their predetermined spots.

The actor then stepped onto the stage.

This was a baby-faced actor called Tong Ling. Actually, he was already very old, but thanks to special skincare techniques and special cultivation principles, he retained the body of a child, and looked like he was only eleven or twelve years old.

In this part of the plot, twelve-year-old Zhuo Yi was snubbed and despised by others after absorbing the Devil Bead. In the end, he couldn't control his anger and his demonic qi erupted. There would be a lot of explosions in the middle of the scene, and Wang Ling played a villager who got caught up in the explosions and died. In fact, it wasn't Zhuo Yi who killed the villager, but those on the demon path who framed Zhuo Yi and wanted the people to scorn him.

"Brother Tong, we'll be counting on you in this scene." The executive director followed behind Tong Ling.

Tong Ling put down his cigar. With an assistant's help, he changed into his costume and turned his gaze to the zones on set. Because of the big explosions and the fact that no extras had been willing to play dead in the red zone all this time, this scene had been delayed for a long time. Of course, the production crew had thought about using a dummy, but the overall effect was too fake and might be picked up with one glance after post-production.

At that moment, there was actually a high school student lying in the red zone, suddenly piquing Tong Ling's interest. "Did that child volunteer or did you force him?"

"Of course he volunteered..." The executive director wiped his sweat.

Tong Ling chuckled. "Doesn't he know that there'll be twenty large explosions in that zone? Will he really be able to stay still? Has he bought any insurance yet? If he gets hurt, it's none of my business."

"We've already signed an agreement with him, and we promised him that as long as he doesn't move, his life won't be in danger..."

Tong Ling: "Ha ha, let's hope that's the case."

Newborn calves weren't afraid of tigers - want to make quick cash on a film set? It wasn't that easy to be an actor. Even an extra had to have some skills...

Thinking this, Tong Ling smiled slightly and suddenly felt like teasing Wang Ling...





Chapter 1065 Purple Flame Beam Cannon


No job was easy, but not everyone could be actors. Some might persist at it for decades purely because they loved acting, but still wound up as just obscure extras in the end. The career formula that had never changed was hard work + luck.

Thus, when Tong Ling looked at Wang Ling lying on the ground, he had a strange urge to teach this junior a lesson and make him understand how cruel reality was.

Of course, the main thing was that Tong Ling found himself envying Wang Ling's face, which made him indescribably annoyed. If he knew Wang Ling's face was already the modified "low-key" version, Tong Ling would probably cough up blood on the spot.

Tong Ling was playing the role of a demonic Zhuo Yi. Furthermore, their features were pretty similar, and only some delicate brush-ups with makeup was needed to make his face practically identical to Zhuo Yi's. As for the other actor also playing Zhuo Yi, the production crew had found a doppelganger actor from somewhere.

Although Wang Ling was lying on the ground, his King's Eye was still active. Even out of his line of sight, his surroundings appeared clearly in his mind like a hologram. The stage name of the doppelganger actor playing Zhuo Yi was Zhuo Fan. He really looked a lot like Zhuo Yi - and he had been born with those looks, not because he had deliberately gotten plastic surgery done to look like Zhuo Yi.

In Number 60 High's exhibition room, there was a wall for famous alumni, on which hung Zhuo Yi's picture. It had been taken before he graduated, and he still looked very young.

And the actor whom the production crew had found looked precisely like that young Zhuo Yi.

Fortunately, their auras were completely different, so it actually wouldn't be difficult for Wang Ling to tell them apart if he wanted to.

Filming of this scene had been delayed for a long time because they couldn't find another willing soul to brave death. The doppelganger actor Zhuo Fan had already finished shooting the scenes of Zhuo Yi before his demonic transformation; now, the crew finally had a chance to film the scenes that came after.

"Brother Tong, please suck on this black pill during the fight." Before the shoot, a little brother from the props team presented him with a pill. This pill was called Film and Television Special Effects Pill, which was specially produced for film shoots.

It tasted horrible, however, and left many actors traumatized, but it was vital for the excellent special effects that it produced during filming.

As long as one had this pill inside their mouth, a person would begin to release thick roiling qi, and even their pupils would change color, making them as terrifying as a fiend.

"So troublesome - can't you add in the special effects?"

"We'll have to trouble Brother Tong. With this black pill, the special effects will look more realistic. If you don't want it, I won't be able to explain it to the director..." The props little brother was also helpless.

Given that filming was about to start, Tong Ling had no time to argue with the props team. Frowning, he took the pill in the end and popped it into his mouth.

In the blink of an eye, the black special effects pill transformed Tong Ling's body dramatically — black qi started to curl all around him. Even his hair and nails grew longer and his muscles expanded, turning him into an unexpectedly burly man.

This wasn't Tong Ling's first time taking the special effects pill, but the changes it wrought still startled him.

"Don't worry, Brother Tong, this pill will lose its effect after three days! You'll return to normal after that!" The props little brother smiled.

"Bastard! Three days..."

When Tong Ling roared, black smoke poured out of his mouth and charged heavily at the props little brother like a dragon.

Seeing this, Tong Ling wanted to cry but had no tears to shed. His image! It was really ruined this time!

His life was really so hard!

"ACTION!"

Following the chief director's instruction, Tong Ling started acting out his demonic state.

It was a scene with no lines; it was basically just roaring and blowing up the surroundings.

This was the embodiment of the work Tong Ling did.

The truth was that Tong Ling was a genuine action star, and almost all his roles involved fighting. In addition, he had a high realm at the Nascent Soul stage, and he could cast a lot more spells at this level. During his extensive travels all these years, he had learned a varied assortment of spells in line with the requirements of each production crew. His knowledge was profound, thus making him a favorite in show business.

Following the script, Tong Ling closed his eyes and hovered in the sky. He struck some chuuni poses, then a spell started to form in his hand.

Wang Ling lay unmoving on the ground.

But very quickly, his body sensed something peculiar - for some reason, his eyelid, which hadn't twitched in a long time, began to twitch at that moment.

An eyelid warning?

Was something dangerous about to happen?

Wang Ling had detected something strange, but didn't show it. He was currently acting as a man who had died with his eyes wide open. He gazed at Tong Ling wrapped in surging demonic qi in the air, and there wasn't the slightest change in his expression.

"Not bad. Where did you find this extra? He's very promising..." Looking at this scene, the chief director couldn't help praising this performance.

"My nephew's classmate." The executive director laughed aloud.

"So it's someone that kid Guo Hao found? He finally found someone reliable. The last few people he introduced were always moving and weren't any good. In the end, they're youngsters who haven't seen much of life and are too restless!"

"Chief Director is right..."

"This kid is not bad." The chief director once again praised Wang Ling. "And he's also pretty good-looking... Why do I feel like the more I look at him, the more I like him?"

Everyone: "..."

"Is he usually as dead as this at school?" At that moment, the chief director turned to look at Guo Hao.

"That's right, Director, he sits next to me. When my uncle told me he was looking for an actor to play a dead man, to be honest, the first person I thought of was him! No one is more suited to play a dead man than him!" For some reason, Guo Hao said this very proudly

Wang Ling: "..."

Dozens of seconds later, Tong Ling finally launched his first attack, which was a lethal spell called Purple Flame Beam Cannon.

The name sounded very awesome, and when it was released, its momentum was astonishing.

The beam shot down as if from a railgun. When it hit the earth, it created a massive light wave explosion which kicked up dust and rubble in its wake, and thick smoke filled the air.

Before filming began, Tong Ling had wanted to tease Wang Ling. He deliberately controlled the angle of the beam cannon so that some of the rubble from the explosion would fall on Wang Ling.

Tong Ling was unexpectedly cheerful at seeing how he was dirtying this young man.

But he very quickly realized that there seemed to be something wrong.

Who knew what had gone wrong -

His Purple Flame Beam Cannon actually wasn't stopping!





Chapter 1066 Poor Heavenly Dao


For some reason, the moment Tong Ling wanted to play a trick on Wang Ling, his body felt like it was in the firm grip of an external force; an evil power manipulated his body, squeezing out his spirit energy unceasingly and shooting laser beams in all directions!

If this went on, Tong Ling felt that he would be drained dry very soon!

The Purple Flame Beam Cannon swept over the ground and kicked up dirt. The more the chief director watched this scene on the screen, the more he felt something wasn't right.

"Cut!"

The director called for a stop.

It was useless.

It seemed as if Mr Tong Ling had gotten carried away by his ego in the sky.

"Can anyone tell me what's going on?"

"Mr Tong Ling seems to have lost control!"

Lost control?

Why would he lose control?

Such a haphazard attack which completely didn't follow the script already posed a threat to some of the extras in the green safe zone.

"Don't shoot us! Mr Tong Ling! Hurry up and wake up!"

"Ah! My flaming biceps1!"

1(From the show "My Own Swordsman..") Someone was hit by the Purple Flame Beam Cannon! He screamed in agony!

For a moment, the scene descended into chaos.

No one had expected something like this to happen.

"Wang Ling!" Guo Hao thought of Wang Ling. He brought out his spirit sword and planned to dash over to save him.

The executive director dragged him back by the arm. "Nephew! It's dangerous!"

"Uncle! Think of a way to save him!" Guo Hao was distraught. He was the one who had introduced Wang Ling to this job! And Wang Ling was his most adorable deskmate! If Wang Ling died like this, where would Guo Hao find another person with such neat handwriting whom he could copy homework from?!

In the smoke, Wang Ling opened his eyes slowly.

It seemed that his eyelid had been warning him about Tong Ling losing control.

Listening to the chaos around him, Wang Ling already confirmed that Tong Ling had lost control. Moreover, he detected a very familiar aura on Tong Ling... It was like the one that had been on Wu Yuanji and Father Zheng before.

He speculated that this Mr Tong had also eaten frozen dumplings.

The box of frozen dumplings which Mother Wang had returned at the time contained twelve bags...

In other words, the frozen dumplings bestowed with the power of Shadow might have been bought from the discounted returns section by twelve hapless people and taken home, and they had obtained this power after eating the dumplings.

Staring at Tong Ling, who was out of control, Wang Ling still lay unmoving on the ground. He could clearly sense the Purple Flame Beam Cannon's trajectory and predict what would happen in the next three hundred seconds, and he was confident that Tong Ling wouldn't hit him. At this stage, the best was for him to sit tight, since the director had said that his pay would go down if he moved.

It hadn't been easy for Wang Ling to find such a relaxing job, and he didn't want to waste it just like that.

Also, he had a feeling that Tong Ling was going to run out of spirit energy very soon; once his energy reserves were all used up, the attacks would stop.

And so, roughly three minutes later, the site was peaceful once more.

Getting up from the ground and shaking off the dirt on him, Wang Ling saw Guo Hao throw himself at him with a face full of snot and tears. "Fuck! It's great, Wang Ling! You didn't die! If you had died, who will give me their homework to copy?!"

Wang Ling's lips twitched in disdain. "..." This was the only thing this guy was good at.

...

Wang Ling walked out safe and sound, greatly astonishing everyone present.

He had been in the red zone, which was the most dangerous and where the attacks were the most concentrated. In the end, during that moment of turmoil, he had still managed to lie as dead as a doornail on the ground... Some of the senior actors were shamed by this dedication and dropped their heads - this was something they could never learn to do!

"Student Wang, you're truly amazing." Every director on site was dumbfounded. They looked at Wang Ling, who was covered in grime, and for a moment, had no words to describe what they were feeling.

Wang Ling stared silently at the director with a hopeful expression.

The director couldn't resist such a "dedicated" gaze. "Student Wang, I understand... Don't worry, I'll definitely look for you the next time I film a movie! Your dedication is something we can all learn from! But Student Wang, when you have to run, you should run, understand? What if you get hurt?"

Wang Ling sighed softly at the director's words.

Of course it had nothing to do with dedication...

The reason why he had remained lying there during the turmoil was naturally for his pay!

While Wang Ling seldom spoke, Guo Hao had still come to know him somewhat after being his deskmate for over half a year.

Guo Hao understood Wang Ling's meaning.

"Uncle... that's not what my classmate means..."

"Then??"

"He wants you to pay him..."

"..."

...

And so, Wang Ling went home that day in high spirits, with 1200 HNY.

One thousand was for Wang Ling's performance, and the director had given him an extra two hundred as compensation for mental trauma... As for the movie Birth of the Demon Child Zhuo Yi, it was impossible to continue shooting it in the short-term since there were problems with the site; when Tong Ling lost control, he had wrecked the studio's surroundings. This incident very quickly entered Weibo's list of hot searches, and there were varied opinions on the reason for Tong Ling's loss of control.

The truth was that after Tong Ling had released all of his spirit energy, Wang Ling had used his Great Seal Spell to seal off the power of Shadow on Tong Ling. Like Wu Yuanji and Zheng Tianqiang, Tong Ling had obtained this power unawares, and naturally didn't know how to properly use Shadow Dao. Without seeing the might of Shadow Dao for himself, Wang Ling also wouldn't be able to learn and mimic it as he had done with Fate Dao.

And because of today's incident, his unborn little sister had thoroughly captured Wang Ling's attention.

Making a seal was one part of it, and Wang Ling now had enough money to do so.

Of course, the other important thing was to find the remaining nine people who had accidentally eaten the frozen dumplings.

This was absolutely vital.

As a big brother, it was very normal to sort out a mess caused by his little sister...

But given Huaxiu's large population, looking for these nine people would indeed be very difficult.

Wang Ling had no other choice; he could only ask the Heavenly Dao for help again.

Heavenly Dao Equivalent Exchange Array...

After Wang Ling drew the familiar array in his room, Er Ha circled around it excitedly.

It hadn't seen the Heavenly Dao for quite a while, and sorely missed them.

But when Wang Ling summoned the Heavenly Dao little golden man, he and Er Ha were astonished by what they saw.

The Heavenly Dao little golden man who had been summoned lay prone on the ground as his stomach gurgled, as if he was about to starve to death...

Had Wang Ling squeezed so much out of the Heavenly Dao that they didn't even have enough to eat?

Wang Ling's mind was full of doubts.

Was he so ruthless...





Chapter 1067 Snack Heavenly Dao


Ever since Wang Ling started looking for the Heavenly Dao to trade his crispy noodle snacks, the Heavenly Dao little golden men began to suffer bitter days... The main thing was that they were incapable of refusing Wang Ling's crispy noodle snacks, even if they had already expired; there was something magical about them which the Heavenly Dao little golden men were unable to resist.

The reason why this pitiful little golden man was lying in front of Wang Ling with his stomach rumbling with hunger was that his mates had snatched the crispy noodle snacks he had gotten from Wang Ling in exchange. Wang Ling's law of unequal exchange all these years had forced the little golden man to develop a habit of eating expired crispy noodle snacks.

His body would start to feel uncomfortable if he went without crispy noodle snacks for one day...

Wang Ling hadn't looked for him in the last few days to trade crispy noodle snacks, and the little golden man preferred to go hungry since he didn't feel like eating anything else.

Er Ha never expected a Heavenly Dao little golden man to actually become so addicted to crispy noodle snacks - this was a clear demonstration of the magic of Little Master Ling's crispy noodle snacks.

It couldn't be helped. Apart from the six main Heavenly Dao, the rest of the little golden men worked under them. Moreover, it was the 996 overtime system: go to work, 996 hours; get off work, ICU. The little golden men used a variety of ways to recharge.

Some absorbed the dark energy of evildoers, which was why so many coma patients around the world had yet to awaken. A lot of them seemed like good people, but the Heavenly Dao little golden men sensed that they had all made mistakes in their youth.

Some little golden men devoured time to replenish themselves, which was why people always felt like time had flown by. Sometimes, they would play on their phones when they were free, and only planned to do so for a bit... in the end, several hours disappeared, just like that! In fact, the Heavenly Dao little golden men had something to do with this.

For those who didn't cherish their lives, who didn't do their numbers, or who didn't work hard or study hard, the Heavenly Dao little golden men would quietly show up and steal their time...

Of course, there were some little golden men who preferred to devour the souls of evildoers. These were people who had engaged in murder, and naturally couldn't enter the natural cycle of reincarnation after they died. Since they couldn't be reborn, they could only become food for the Heavenly Dao.

The principle of equivalent exchange was an unchanging law of Heavenly Dao (clients on the white list excluded). Since they had done evil in their youth, they would suffer Heaven's retribution sooner or later: "If you don't want people to know what you did, don't do it."

...

There were still a lot of other examples, but the Heavenly Dao little golden men usually boosted their energy by devouring strength, time, space, souls, spirits, or even life and death. They absorbed these powers constantly to get stronger, and finally, at the end of every year, they would run for office as the six Heavenly Dao leaders who symbolized the peak of the power of Heavenly Dao, and who made up the current Heavenly Dao Governing Committee.

Strength Heavenly Dao, Time Heavenly Dao, Space Heavenly Dao, Soul Heavenly Dao, Life And Death Heavenly Dao, and Spirit Heavenly Dao were the current six leaders on the Heavenly Dao Governing Committee, and had been promoted to their positions. Of course, these six leaders might occupy high positions now, but given how Heavenly Dao laws were ever changing, it wasn't as if they couldn't drop out of the six Great Heavenly Dao.

There were times over the years when other Heavenly Dao had ascended to be one of the six main leaders, such as Nihility Heavenly Dao, Reality Heavenly Dao, Greed Heavenly Dao and so on.

But the Heavenly Dao Governing Committee had always operated on the principle of survival of the fittest. The current six members of the Heavenly Dao Governing Committee were the most stable ones. They had secured their top positions for many years, and there hadn't been any changes in the last sixteen years...

But the six Great Heavenly Dao were currently in a panic, because one day sixteen years ago... Wang Ling was born...

They were very worried that a Heavenly Dao called Snack Heavenly Dao would occupy their leadership position in the future... A Heavenly Dao that relied on eating crispy noodle snacks to take the top spot was utterly unprecedented in the history of Heavenly Dao. Nevertheless, it did seem a little difficult to become one of the six main leaders using this method.

But there was one thing which made the Heavenly Dao Governing Committee very uneasy.

And that was when Wang Ling had used the Great Duplication Spell when he was very young, and flung a crispy noodle snack into outer space. There was now a crispy noodle galaxy in space. The six Great Heavenly Dao had already joined hands to seal off this galaxy. If Wang Ling found out about this in the future and removed the seal, they were afraid that they wouldn't be able to retain their positions.

Although the possibility of Snack Heavenly Dao being promoted was very slight at the moment, the six Great Heavenly Dao didn't dare relax their guard at all, since their adversary was Wang Ling... Hence, regarding some of Wang Ling's seemingly unreasonable exchange requests, they would agree to all of it in order to satisfy the young man.

Honestly speaking, Wang Ling was somewhat moved when he saw the little golden man who had collapsed in front of him, the latter's stomach rumbling with hunger.

This little golden man in front of Wang Ling was the person dispatched by the Heavenly Dao since the beginning to be in charge of the equivalent exchange with Wang Ling. Wang Ling never thought that even the little golden man would be indirectly tempted into falling in love with crispy noodle snacks.

Not bad, not bad.

This time, Wang Ling wasn't stingy.

He magnanimously took out a collector's edition crispy noodle snack packet from his reserves. Opening it with great care, he fished out the special pepper seasoning sachet and sprinkled its contents inside the packet.

A familiar scent soon filled the air, and the body of the little golden man on the ground couldn't help twitching. He actually salivated and came back to life on the spot!

"Woof!"

His butt in the air, the little golden man pounced.

What was even scarier was that Wang Ling actually opened his mouth to speak, and his tone was incredibly gentle. "Don't rush, eat slowly. No one will take this from you."

As the little golden man ate the collector's edition crispy noodle snack, he woofed and cried like an obedient puppy, and let Wang Ling pet him as he ate.

Er Ha: "???"

...

A few minutes later, the little golden man, who had finished eating the crispy noodle snack, finally calmed down. When he realized that he had lost control, he climbed out of Wang Ling's embrace with a red face. Sorting out his emotions, he took a deep breath. "So, why did you summon me..."

Er Ha wasn't sure if it had seen wrong, but it abruptly felt that this little golden man's face was a little red... the Heavenly Dao golden men didn't have expressions because they didn't have facial features; their entire bodies glowed faintly with the golden light of Heavenly Dao, which made them look like a natural human-shaped work of art made of 999 pure gold.

But unexpectedly, Er Ha saw a blush on the little golden man's face...

There might be something wrong with this little golden man's line of thinking!

Little Master Ling is indeed very charming, but you're Heavenly Dao!

"I want to track down the whereabouts of several individuals." Wang Ling stared at the Heavenly Dao with a gentle expression, which baffled Er Ha.

Could someone who loved eating crispy noodle snacks gain Little Master Ling's affections, even if they were Heavenly Dao?

No way!

Er Ha would also eat it!

It would eat it tomorrow!

It was Wang Ling's number one combat pet.

Seeing Wang Ling and the Heavenly Dao exchange looks in that moment, Er Ha unexpectedly felt like it had fallen out of favor!

It absolutely wouldn't let that happen!





Chapter 1068 Heavenly Dao Tracking List


After accepting the price of the equivalent exchange and upon learning of Wang Ling's demand, the little golden man promptly submitted an application to the Heavenly Dao Governing Committee to ask Space Heavenly Dao and Time Heavenly Dao of the six main Heavenly Dao to search the world for the remaining nine people who had eaten frozen dumplings.

At a certain time and a certain place - this sort of search operation could only be carried out through Space Heavenly Dao and Time Heavenly Dao joining forces.

And Wang Ling was the only one who had this sort of status to order the main Heavenly Dao around. Otherwise, even Gu Shunzhi, the keeper of order who maintained peace in the universe, had to follow procedure and go through the review and approval process.

A few minutes later, the search was over.

The little golden man held out his hand and a golden scroll appeared. The names, contact details, and addresses of the nine people were clearly written on the golden scroll. Furthermore, it was written in very fine Heavenly Dao script, which ordinary people couldn't read.

But Wang Ling had an innate learning mechanism, and hadn't needed to learn the Heavenly Dao script - the language had developed naturally in his brain, like a mother tongue. From the moment he was born, his vocabulary continued to increase. By the time Wang Ling was ten years old, he had mastered the language of Heavenly Dao.

Looking at the nine names, Wang Ling sighed with relief. All of them were in Songhai city; the packets of frozen dumplings that had been contaminated with the aura of Great Dao by Shadow Dao hadn't spread.

The next step was to put a seal on these nine people one by one.

Wang Ling looked at the name: Li Daiwei.

According to the data, this was an ordinary middle-aged man. His initial realm wasn't high, as he was merely at the Foundation Establishment stage, but he had a slightly creepy job.

He was an undertaker, who mainly helped put makeup on the dead.

And this was the only person on the list who lived in the outskirts.

Moreover, this person seemed to live quite close to the Wang family's small villa. Wang Ling decided to start with this man.

Of course, to avoid any mishaps, Wang Ling also sent the rest of the names to Lord Thunder and requested that he send teams to tail them.

Wang Ling thought that logically speaking, things would be fine as long as he put a seal on these people.

But what happened next took Wang Ling by surprise...

The power which his unborn sister wielded was far stronger than Wang Ling imagined.

...

About eight hundred li east of the Wang family's small villa was a cemetery called Songhe Park. Those buried here were basically the wealthy. Graves were very expensive nowadays, and could cost as much as a house. A top-notch grave could cost hundreds of thousands of yuan per square foot; people weren't equal even in death.

A lot of people turned pale when chatting about embalming as a job. Many undertakers probably had this experience when they went on blind dates: the conversation would start off well at first, but when it came to work, the other party would in the end do whatever they could to run away.

Handling the dead was seen by many as a taboo. Some of it had to do with small-town folk customs, while a large part of it was actually superstition. Any profession should be respected. Since undertakers existed, that clearly meant that there was a need for them. Since society needed them, why turn pale when talking about embalming?

Wang Ling cast a teleportation spell and appeared at the gate of the cemetery with Er Ha.

Er Ha had nothing to do at home, so had asked to come out with Wang Ling for a breath of fresh air...

From the main entrance, Wang Ling could see the whole cemetery. The site was covered in green and the refreshing scent of flowers filled the air. All kinds of flowers and trees were planted in neat and tidy order: Chinese junipers, dragon junipers, orange jasmines, chrysanthemums, red spider lilies...

These flowers and trees were very meaningful, and symbolized mourning and dignity. They could deter the souls of those who had died unexpected deaths and dwelled in the cemetery.

Standing at the gate, Wang Ling could see a huge six-legged censer that was giving off incense in the distance, on a stone step at the end of a path. Small flames flickered under the censer, and the smoke in the air was as white as snow, so pure that it seemed to glow with radiance.

This was the cemetery's incense burner.

To promote environmental protection, after those who came to pay respects to their loved ones were done, they could place the joss paper they had prepared in the opening at the bottom of the general incense burner. Then, the incense burner would decompose the paper through a special process and turn it into environmentally friendly smoke that would be quickly absorbed by the surrounding trees.

The smoke took the visual form of a dragon flying into the sky. Thus, people could see this swirling smoke from a distance, which looked like a path connected to the heavens that carried with it the longing for the dead.

Wang Ling cast an invisibility spell and took Er Ha with him. Er Ha looked around curiously as they walked.

Thanks to their strong power of sight, one man and one dog could see plenty of spirits floating around in the cemetery as the two of them walked down the main path. These spirits had been buried recently, and were waiting to ascend to Heavenly Dao.

The Heavenly Dao Governing Committee had a procedure that had to be followed, so the spirits could only wait.

Although Wang Ling had cast the Great Invisibility Spell and wasn't visible to ordinary people, the spirits could see him. The dead and ordinary people saw things differently. Although the spirits couldn't see Wang Ling's and Er Ha's faces clearly, the two's presence could still be felt and their silhouettes were distinct.

"Mom, mom, it looks like someone's here."

"From the shapes, it should be a person and a dog... Don't go over, it's dangerous. They don't seem to have any tombstones, they're probably wandering ghosts."

Wang Ling and Er Ha: "..."

So these spirits thought they were spirits too...

"But, mom, they don't look like bad guys. Can I go play with the dog?"

"No, daughter, we're going to go up to heaven very soon, and we mustn't complicate things here. Our cemetery hasn't been very peaceful lately... A very powerful malicious spirit came. I'm afraid these two wandering ghosts might catch its attention..." The woman cowered as she spoke. Pulling her daughter by the hand, she went to hide at her tombstone.

Tombstones had barrier seals and acted as safe zones. As long as spirits hid in the vicinity, a regular malicious ghost wouldn't be able to get close at all.

Wang Ling was initially going to ignore the mother and daughter and walk right past, but when he heard that the cemetery wasn't peaceful, he was suddenly curious.

Er Ha understood its master's thoughts, and it directly led the way through the cemetery until they ended up at the tombstones of the mother and daughter.

"Mom... can they see us?" The little girl was a little nervous.

"Of course we can! And we can hear you, too!" Er Ha looked at the girl and said, "Little girl, what's been happening in this cemetery recently? If you know something, please tell me. Otherwise, when you go up to heaven, I'll have the Heavenly Dao Governing Committee give you homework! Don't think that just because you've turned into a spirit, you don't have to do homework anymore!"

When the little girl heard this, she burst into tears.

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 1069 The Legend of Ah Wei


What Er Ha said wasn't an empty threat, but the truth.

As has already been explained countless times, Heavenly Dao stressed the principle of equivalence. For those who didn't finish their homework properly, didn't do it all, or even copied homework during their mortal lives, they would automatically enter a remedial classroom after they died to finish the homework they hadn't completed. Unless they finished all the homework they missed in their nine years of compulsory education, they couldn't enter the natural cycle of reincarnation.

Although the little girl was young, she looked like she should already be in her fourth year of primary school. Primary schools nowadays also assigned a lot of homework; whether this girl had finished hers or not, Er Ha didn't know. In any case, if she hadn't, she would most likely still have to do it after she went to heaven.

Even as a spirit, it was still better to be an educated one. Only then could one be reincarnated as a human. If your breadth of knowledge was lacking, there were other reincarnation paths that awaited you, like the animal path, the hungry ghost path and so on...

Of course, the Heavenly Dao's principle of equivalent exchange varied from person to person. Some might have finished their schoolwork but indulged too much in debauchery, which meant that they would also have to become completely abstinent as retribution - this was crueler than make-up homework. That was because they would be thrown into a confined room for a few years without WIFI or smart phones! They could only face the wall and ponder their misdeeds!

Seeing that it had scared the little girl into crying, Er Ha became a little embarrassed.

"Little girl, this big brother lied to you."

"You're lying again... You're clearly a dog!"

"..."

Crouching down to comfort her daughter, the woman got to her feet after the little girl's sobs gradually subsided, and she bowed to Wang Ling and Er Ha. "Exalted immortals, what do you want to ask me..."

"The malicious spirit you mentioned earlier - what's that about?" Er Ha got straight to the point and asked.

"It's like this: around four days ago, a black spirit suddenly appeared inside the cemetery. It lingered around and caught quite a number of spirits that left the protection of the tombstones."

"What happened to them?"

"They were all devoured by the black spirit..."

Hearing that, both Wang Ling and Er Ha were silent for a moment.

From the looks of it, this black spirit was very much in line with Shadow Dao. Maybe it was the shadow of that undertaker, which had escaped? Bestowed with the power of Shadow Dao, it was as if the shadows of these people had souls of their own and were entrusted with the will of their hosts, accomplishing their subconscious desires on their behalf.

An undertaker's job was to apply make-up for the dead, and some of them might have indecent and wicked thoughts about the souls of the dead. In the cultivation world, cemetery workers had to undergo a strict process before they could take up the job, since some evil spells worked by absorbing spirits to enhance a person.

And cemetery workers were at the right place and time to perform such evil magic.

Something like this had happened hundreds of years ago.

A person used a curse spell to incessantly send "awsl1" bullet messages scrolling across the screens of major videos, and those who saw it often replied jokingly: "Mass burial for Ah Wei"...

1(A Chinese online acronym for "ah wo si le" (0 h, I'm dead), in this case adapted into "ah wei si le" (Ah Wei's dead).) In fact, a lot of Ah Weis with that "Wei" character in their names died when they saw this curse bullet message... Their spirits were absorbed by the curse caster. When the police found the curse caster in the end, they discovered that he was a worker at a cemetery.

There would inevitably be workers who would become unbalanced and turn into devils from working in this sort of environment long term; as soon as their minds were unguarded, evil intent would seize the opening and enter.

Coupled with the natural "halo of discrimination" that cemetery workers wore, this devilish intent would grow stronger.

"Many thanks." Wang Ling thanked the mother and daughter, then snapped his fingers at the sky.

In the blink of an eye, the guiding golden light of Heavenly Dao shone on them.

"Daughter, Heavenly Dao has come to guide us..."

"Mom, can we be reincarnated?!"

Startled by the golden light, they immediately clung to each other and cried with joy.

They had no idea when Heavenly Dao would take them away, and had been feeling apprehensive in the last few days after seeing that black spirit. They never thought that this brother with the indistinct features would actually help them.

With just a snap of his fingers, he could actually prompt Heavenly Dao to come and help them... Was this brother Heavenly Dao itself that had descended?

Feeling extremely gratified, the woman hurriedly knelt before Wang Ling and had her daughter do the same. Feeling a little embarrassed, Wang Ling had them stand, and then watched as they were finally guided by the Heavenly Dao golden light and sent for reincarnation.

Wang Ling rubbed his hands together and predicted that this pair of mother and daughter would be sisters in their next lives and live in a well-off family where they wanted for nothing.

Of course, Wang Ling had gotten Heavenly Dao to collect this mother and daughter pair before their time for no other reason than their kindness and unfortunate lot. They had drowned saving a boy who had fallen into the water. After their deaths, the boy's family didn't acknowledge what they had done; maybe they were worried that the family of the two would demand compensation, or maybe there was some other reason. The spirits of the mother and daughter thus couldn't rest in peace after their deaths.

Just now, they were still drenched from head to toe.

This was why Wang Ling decided to lend them a hand.

And now, the priority was to uncover that black spirit.

"Sirs, may I help you?"

At that moment, a cold voice rang out behind Wang Ling.

Turning his head, Wang Ling saw a hunched old man with thinning hair and snow-white makeup smiling at him; his smile was ghastly and creepy.

Most importantly, this person didn't have a shadow!

"It's him." Narrowing its eyes, Er Ha could clearly sense the malevolence coming off this old man. Coupled with the fact that he didn't have a shadow, this person should be the undertaker they were looking for.

"What a pity..."

A regretful expression on his face, the undertaker watched as the mother and daughter ascended to heaven via the Heavenly Dao golden light. "They were going to be my dinner today; I didn't expect Heavenly Dao to extradite them... The spirits who aren't honored taste the best. I could have brainwashed them and they might have turned into evil spirits; it would've been great if they became my subordinates."

Wang Ling frowned. This person had completely fallen onto the depraved path!

Just as he thought, Ah Nuan's power of Shadow aroused a person's subconscious wickedness. This evil intent was usually hidden and wouldn't break out, but once it was evoked, the accumulation of this evil power would erupt in a flash, like a blood vessel that had been clogged for a long time suddenly unblocked!

Thus, this undertaker was in fact also a victim... and the blame should be placed on Ah Nuan's head...

Wang Ling was thinking of a countermeasure.

The evil intent had already taken root deep in the undertaker's bones; even his shadow could be detached, which was completely different from Father Zheng and Wu Yuanji.

The power of the Great Seal Spell was no longer enough.

How about the Great Purification Spell?

Wang Ling swiftly poked the undertaker's forehead with his finger.

But something completely unexpected happened — the evil on this undertaker wasn't purified in the least. Conversely, his aura got a huge boost!

What was going on?





Chapter 1070 Void Gate and Master Li Xiaokai


Wang Ling felt that he had underestimated the power of Shadow Dao.

Unexpectedly, the Heavenly Dao spell he cast was devoured - this was the first time something like this had ever happened to Wang Ling.

"His mind has already been devoured!" All of Er Ha's fur stood on end when it instinctively sensed the danger. This Shadow Dao could devour people's minds; the lower a person's realm, the greater the extent to which they were devoured. What was more, their hidden potential could be stimulated. This was different from Wu Yuanji and Father Zheng; their realms were at a particular level, so their minds hadn't eroded completely.

Wang Ling frowned slightly. In other words, if ordinary people were boosted with the power of Shadow Dao, they would instantly become world-defying masters. And when their minds were completely devoured, their hidden potential was completely triggered and their fighting strength was brought up to the level of Huaxiu's best; they could even stand shoulder-to-shoulder with members of the Dark Network.

Wang Ling felt that this was somewhat similar to his Great Enlightenment Spell. Furthermore, it was enlightenment in the opposite direction...

Since Wang Nuan was still immature, it was very normal for something like this to happen. What Wang Ling needed to do now was prevent the situation from deteriorating further.

"What should we do?" asked Er Ha.

"An experiment," Wang Ling said calmly.

Er Ha: "..."

An experiment?

Listen... was that something a human would say?!

Compared with Wu Yuanji and Zheng Tianqiang, this undertaker Li Daiwei had been devoured by Shadow Dao to a greater extent, and Wang Ling felt that he was a more suitable test subject for investigating Shadow Dao. Wang Ling currently knew very little about this brand new Great Dao. Although he had plenty of thoughts on it, they were all just ideas - all scientific progress was achieved through repeated experiments and a verification process.

What Wang Ling needed to do was verify his hypothesis.

And currently, this undertaker was a relatively more suitable test subject.

"What strong energy." After devouring Wang Ling's Great Purification Spell, this undertaker licked his lips and felt that he was even stronger than before. When the Great Purification Spell was stripped of its effect, it was just Heavenly Dao energy! For the undertaker, this was just like an energy supplement.

"Again! Again! Again!"

After the sweet taste of power, the undertaker's expression gradually became even more deranged, and an extremely fiendish black shadow swirled around his feet in smoky wisps like a tornado.

"Energy materialization?" Er Ha was so frightened it fell back a few steps, its tail wagging wildly on reflex.

This was the mark of a supreme-level expert; very powerful experts could give their energy form. According to the Cultivation Encyclopedia, there was a martial dao master called Li Xiaokai whose ability to materialize energy was at the height of perfection. His consummate body technique was unmatched in all of history. Furthermore, Battle Saint Marshal Jiang, one of the Ten Generals, was one of Li Xiaokai's inner disciples.

But this Master Li later attempted to breach the Void Gate with this body technique. In the end, he was unable to withstand the Void Gate's power to rip things apart, and he vanished inside it.

The Void Gate, Gate Between Worlds and Heavenly Dao Gate were on par with each other. The difference was that the Void Gate came into being naturally, the Gate Between Worlds was created by Immortal Zhenyuan, and the Heavenly Dao Gate was access which the Heavenly Dao Governing Committee specially set up for those experts who had comprehended Heavenly Dao. To be able to enter the Heavenly Dao Gate meant that one had already touched the Heavenly Dao realm.

As for this Void Gate, it was more like a wandering secret land in the cultivation world. There were plenty of explorers, but the chances of the Void Gate appearing was extremely low. In addition, there hadn't been any new fluctuations from it in the last thousand years; even the most precise surveillance equipment couldn't accurately detect the Void Gate's location.

The Void Gate's last appearance had been at Master Li's birthday banquet. On that day, after smashing the void open with his fists, he disappeared.

Hundreds of years later, the government believed that Master Li was dead.

But all along his body had yet to be found, and the speculation that he was dead was nothing more than a hypothesis.

The center of the Void Gate was almost like a black hole. Many people believed that despite Master Li's formidable body technique, it would be very hard to struggle free once you were sucked in.

Even if his body wasn't ripped apart, he had probably starved to death after a few hundred years of drifting in space without nourishment...

In spite of that, the people still recognized this master as the one who had accomplished the materialization of energy.

Hence, every time someone materialized energy, a lot of people couldn't help but associate this phenomenon with Li Xiaokai.

Even someone like Er Ha, who was from the demon world, knew the name Li Xiaokai, which demonstrated how influential and famous this master had been back then.

Wang Ling didn't stop this undertaker from performing his trick. He saw the black energy mist at the undertaker's feet gradually take form behind the man and turn into a pure black phantom. This phantom looked like a malevolent spirit, and with two horns on its head and six arms, it made for a very bizarre image.

"Stand attack1!"

1(In the manga and anime series "Jojo's Bizarre Adventures," a Stand is a psychically generat heed entity which is viewed as a visual manifes tation of a person's fighting spirit.) Er Ha couldn't help crying out in fear.

Wang Ling didn't think it was as simple as that.

This was probably similar to the manifestation of the inner demon. Since this undertaker's mind had been devoured by Shadow Dao, his shadow had become an intelligent lifeform which reflected the most sinister heart demon inside him, and took on its appearance.

Tentatively call it "Shadow Image."

Wang Ling silently gave this phenomenon a name.

For those whose minds had been corroded by Shadow Dao, the Shadow Images probably differed from person to person.

At that time, the undertaker gazed at Wang Ling, who was expressionless where he stood, and burst out laughing. "Two juniors! Didn't your mothers tell you not to hang around the cemetery in the middle of the night? Go, Soul Devourer! Gobble them up completely!"

As soon as he said the words, this Shadow Image called Soul Devourer roared on the spot and lunged at Wang Ling and Er Ha with a wide open mouth that was full of fine, black teeth.

This power...

Wang Ling frowned.

Sure enough, Shadow Dao was far more powerful than he had imagined. Such an attack looked simple and straightforward, but it was in fact extremely concentrated and stronger than Wang Ling had ever seen from any expert before.

In other words, this Shadow Image was able to far better endure beatings than Evil Sword God; at least, Wang Ling didn't think he could kill it with a single slap.

Furthermore, Wang Ling speculated that normal physical attacks probably wouldn't work on this Shadow Image.

What should he do?

Pulverize it from the inside?

Relaxing his muscles and bones, Wang Ling stretched out his hands and actually pulled the Shadow Image's mouth open to enter its stomach.





Chapter 1071 Shadow Palace


Little Master Ling did frequently bust out some astonishing moves, but something like directly pulling open someone's mouth and going in was still a shock to Er Ha. It dashed forward to grab hold of Wang Ling's clothes, and followed him into the Shadow Image's stomach.

What astonished the man and dog was that there was actually another world inside the Shadow Image's stomach.

This was a great world which functioned according to its own laws, but it was in black and white, as if someone had taken photos on their cell phone, and each image was an extremely beautiful ink and wash painting.

Wang Ling was surprised by his little sister's "masterpiece" yet again. Not only could she endow someone else's shadow with abilities and activate their Shadow Image, she could even create a great world inside the Shadow Image's stomach.

Wang Ling felt that this was like spending two hundred yuan to buy a smartphone on the streets: it was a roadside product which in the end worked better than the real deal, and the most ridiculous thing was that it had 256GB of space instead of the 16GB you were expecting!

It could only be said that as a brand-new Great Dao, Wang Nuan's Shadow Dao was constantly surprising Wang Ling.

When Wang Ling and Er Ha these two colorful people entered this black and white world, they stood out in stark contrast.

"There's very powerful demonic qi here," Er Ha said as it raised its guard.

The demonic qi which they had felt outside was now so thick inside this Shadow Image's world that it assailed Er Ha's nose.

Wang Ling furrowed his brow before raising his hand to produce two golden light shields to cover them securely. He himself wouldn't be affected, but he was still worried that Er Ha might be swayed by the evil intent. While Er Ha was currently on the right path thanks to Wang Ling's training, it was in the end from the demon race, and definitely still harbored evil thoughts in its heart.

And one of Shadow Dao's abilities was to stir up the wicked thoughts which a person had repressed. If the demonic qi invaded Er Ha here, it would be yet another inconvenience for Wang Ling later.

"The heart demon is there."

Lifting his head and looking around, Wang Ling murmured the words in his heart.

The demonic qi that Er Ha was talking about was none other than the heart demon which dwelled deep inside the Shadow Image's world. Wang Ling speculated that once he ferreted out the heart demon and destroyed it, the Shadow Image would directly disappear and the undertaker outside would return to normal.

Wang Ling gave this world a name, and called it "Shadow Palace."

He had to find the heart demon that was hiding inside the palace.

The Shadow Palace world was set up according to each Shadow Image's state of mind. In this undertaker's Shadow Palace, for example, graves stretched into the distance, as far as the eye could see. These graves weren't arranged in tidy rows like in a cemetery, nor did they have finely and elegantly carved tombstones.

They looked like a jumble of burial mounds, with the graves haphazardly scattered throughout this world; Wang Ling felt like he was in a horror game.

Wang Ling walked over to a grave, the words on the black broken tombstone almost indistinguishable: Wang Lin's Grave .

Wang Lin? Was it the legendary Old Demon Wang?

Wang Ling was a little shaken. While the legend was that Wang Lin had long died after attempting to attack the Gate of Immortality, Wang Lin himself was also a legend. That was because the world now only had three Gates, and the Gate of Immortality didn't exist.

Next to Wang Ling, Er Ha also had an inkling of what was going on. "Demons emerge from a person's heart. All this is fake. Everything in the world of the heart demon is nothing but an illusion. This is a great world, but none of what we see is real - it's just a true reflection of the heart." Although Er Ha said this, it was well aware that only Little Master Ling was able to resist being corroded by this heart demon. If it was anyone else, they would very quickly be assimilated into the heart demon's world.

Man and dog continued to explore the place. Unfortunately, there didn't seem to be any end to this world. Wang Ling saw all kinds of oddly-shaped tombstones, and no two tombstones were alike.

Activating the King's Eye, Wang Ling searched the entire world with a godly perspective, and finally discovered a shabby cabin in one corner of the world.

Taking Er Ha with him, Wang Ling approached the cabin before coming to a halt in front of it.

He could sense a person's aura inside.

Then, the door was pushed open, and a kindly-looking old man walked out of the cabin.

It was precisely the undertaker whom Wang Ling had seen in the outside world.

The hunched old man's expression was as unperturbed as ever. "Come in..."

It was as if he knew Wang Ling and Er Ha would be coming; he didn't look very surprised, and instead showed them in.

From the moment he saw the old man, Wang Ling already knew that he was a manifestation of the heart demon. What Wang Ling found unexpected, however, was that despite the strong demonic qi around this old man, there wasn't the least bit of killing intent from him.

After entering the cabin, Wang Ling and Er Ha noticed that the cabin was all the old man had.

"There's nothing else in this house." Sitting on the ground, the old man laughed bitterly. "You were able to enter this place - you really aren't simple people."

Wang Ling was silent as he also sat on the ground silently. He gave Er Ha a meaningful look, indicating for it to ask the questions.

Er Ha understood Wang Ling's meaning.

Er Ha: "Are you the heart demon, or...?"

"I am, and also not."

Unexpectedly, the old man gave this cryptic reply. "Everyone has shadows in their hearts. I'm the heart demon, but also a victim."

"Victim?"

"The reason why people push their shadows down to the bottoms of their hearts and don't let them out is ultimately because of their conscience. I am Mr Li Daiwei's inner conscience. But unfortunately, as you can see, I've already been corroded by the heart demon... I can't escape this place. What's more..." when he said this, the old man's gaze swept over their surroundings, "You've seen this cabin..."

From the moment they entered the cabin, Er Ha had already noticed that there was something strange about it, and at the old man's words, Wang Ling and Er Ha paid more attention to the place.

They were astonished to realize that the cabin was shrinking bit by bit.

"Whatever conscience is left is the size of this cabin. As for the graveyard outside, that's all the heart demon's territory after it corroded Mr Li's conscience." The old man sighed gloomily. "The graveyard wasn't big before, and this cabin was instead a huge palace. Unfortunately, Mr Li Daiwei ate a bag of frozen dumplings several days ago, and the palace was taken over bit by bit. It kept shrinking until it turned into this shabby cabin. I was living in the palace all this time, and in the end, I wasn't able to escape, and the heart demon took control... The moment this cabin is thoroughly corroded, this old man will transform into the real heart demon."

"There should be a way to stop it, right?" asked Er Ha.

The old man shook his head helplessly. "There isn't a solution."

"No solution?"

"I'm the conscience that has been taken over by the heart demon. If you kill me, you can indeed kill the heart demon. This might seem to put an end to everything. You have to remember, however, that you'll also be killing the conscience." The old man said, "If a person loses his conscience, it's no different from being dead."





Chapter 1072 How Many Levels of Qi Deviation Are There?


For Wang Ling and Er Ha, this was undoubtedly a dilemma. The undertaker's conscience was contaminated by the heart demon, and the two had already become one. If the old man in front of them was killed, his heart demon would disappear, but his conscience would be swallowed up at the same time.

Wang Ling realized that he couldn't make a move himself. The situation was starting to become a lot more worrying.

The most critical thing was that Wang Ling had never encountered anything like this before.

If he couldn't solve this old man's problem, then even if he found all those who had eaten the special frozen dumplings, he would still be unable to solve the root of the problem. Furthermore, over a long period of time, everyone else's conscience might be corroded to a greater degree compared with the undertaker.

What should he do?

Look for Heavenly Dao to ask about the situation?

Wang Ling was wondering how to solve the current predicament.

He couldn't go wrong by asking Heavenly Dao if he couldn't fix a problem.

Perhaps the Heavenly Dao Treasury had some magic treasure that could resolve this problem.

Thinking this, Wang Ling bit his finger and started to set up a Heavenly Dao Summoning Array inside the small cabin.

The old man didn't know who Wang Ling and Er Ha were, but seeing how they were actually able to penetrate this place, he knew that they weren't ordinary people. Now, seeing Wang Ling construct an array he didn't recognize, the old man couldn't be any more shocked; all of this was too overwhelming.

Wang Ling looked to be only about as old as the old man's young son, but he was unexpectedly so amazing.

A moment later, the Heavenly Dao little golden man was summoned once more.

This time, however, the little golden man clearly looked like he was suffering.

"Heart demon corrosion?" The little golden man was immediately aware of the situation. The Heavenly Dao little golden men were all very pure beings who symbolized supremacy, light and pure holiness, and would instinctively feel uncomfortable in such a polluted environment.

It was like a human who had lived in the woods for a very long time suddenly coming to a city full of heavy traffic and exhaust fumes, which was bound to be hard to adapt to.

The house was still shrinking. If the very last bit of conscience was completely corroded by the heart demon, the only thing that awaited the old man was destruction.

"It's too late."

The little golden man knew why Wang Ling had summoned him.

A golden light was released from his body, and several large golden hands covered in obscure runes stretched out from the sky to firmly prop up the walls of the house.

But this could only delay the heart demon corrosion, and couldn't prevent it from happening.

"Now what?" Er Ha couldn't help asking.

The little golden man wiped at his sweat. It was clear that even Heavenly Dao had never imagined that the situation would be this tricky. "I've been a part of Heavenly Dao for hundreds of years, and I can be considered knowledgeable, but why haven't I seen this Great Dao before?"

Er Ha replied, "Of course you haven't. This Great Dao belongs to my little master's little sister, though she hasn't been born yet."

The little man was struck by realization.

It turned out that another big shot devil was going to be born...

And this was clearly a she-devil.

She actually had this sort of power even before she was born - she surpassed what Wang Ling had been like back then.

The little golden man was well aware that Wang Ling only started to run wild after he was born; he had been very well-behaved when he was still in the womb.

Who would have thought that the next one would be even more worrying...

Does Heaven want to kill off us Heavenly Dao?!

The little golden man sobbed inwardly.

"Don't cry. Is there a way to fix this?" Er Ha asked.

"Heart demon corrosion actually isn't uncommon." The little golden man wore a solemn expression and began to analyze the situation. "Usually, there are only a few ways a heart demon can invade someone. The first is during qi deviation. This is the most common way one is corroded by a heart demon, as well as the simplest and most crude. The victim's qi and blood will flow in reverse, thus endangering his life. It looks very serious, but is the lowest level of heart demon corrosion. As long as there's someone watching him who realizes in time that he's experiencing a qi deviation, medication can be used to alleviate the condition."

"There are levels?"

"Of course there are levels... Every year, Heavenly Dao takes in countless people who die from qi deviation. The victims are usually missing part of their three spiritual and seven physical souls, so a large number of them are unable to reincarnate into humans."

So there was this sort of principle...

Wang Ling's and Er Ha's horizons were broadened once again.

"Then what level am I at?" When the old man heard this, he couldn't help asking about his situation. He looked very apprehensive as his entire body trembled.

"Don't rush me, I'll explain everything."

The little golden man said unhurriedly, "There are three levels of heart demon corrosion. What I was talking about just now is the third and lowest level. Next, I'll talk about the second level. A level 2 heart demon corrosion commonly happens when one's Dao heart collapses, and is caused by many things.

"For example, the share market crashes; your girlfriend breaks up with you; you didn't draw the chess piece you wanted in Auto Chess and you're killed at full health by a player with low health; you're missing one number on your lottery ticket; the author you like doesn't update; you were scammed in an eSports bet; you haven't written a single word of your homework when the summer break is about to end; and so on..."

"..."

"In short, the reasons a Dao heart collapses are complex and many, and usually have something to do with one's mental tolerance. In addition, based on annual statistics from the Heavenly Dao Governing Committee, the higher a person's realm, the more likely a cultivator's Dao heart will collapse. A high realm and position often means that he has higher self-esteem than the average person, and when something hits the bottom line in his heart, this will produce a huge sense of frustration that leads to the collapse of his Dao heart."

The little golden man continued, "There are many cultivators who die every year because their Dao hearts collapsed, but the condition can be treated. A Dao heart can also be adjusted with medication. If you have the Bell of Purification, which is one of the Heavenly Dao's Thirty-Three Precious Treasures, the collapse of a Dao heart at levels 2 and 3 can even be instantly cured.

"As for level 1, the situation is more complex. A level 1 heart demon corrosion is a combination of the second and third levels; that is to say, one's Dao heart collapses because of qi deviation... when a level 1 heart demon corrosion occurs, a cultivator will die in a short ten seconds, unless first aid is administered very promptly. This is relatively rare."

"Have there been any cases?"

"Of course..."

The little golden man said, "For example, the Heavenly Dao Governing Committee received the soul of a cultivator who happened to experience a qi deviation when he was in seclusion. Before he was completely cured, he texted his family to say that he was fine. However, he never expected his fiancée to marry someone else while he was in seclusion... so his Dao heart directly collapsed on top of his qi deviation!"

"..."

"Then, as for me..." The old man pointed at himself and looked eagerly at the little golden man.

"As for you, level 0," the little golden man replied.

"There's a level 0?"

"Mm, it's also the highest level. I decided after observing the current situation - in my report to the Heavenly Dao Governing Committee, I plan to apply for an upgrade of the grading system. This level 0 heart demon corrosion is much worse than I imagined..."





Chapter 1073 Heavenly Dao's Principle of the Overbearing Director


Was there truly no hope?

When Wang Ling heard what the Heavenly Dao said, his expression darkened, and when he saw the last shred of the old man's conscience swallowed up by the heart demon, he thought quickly and decided to give it one last shot.

He stretched his hand out in the air, and actually pulled out another old man from a space fissure, who wasn't corroded by the heart demon.

Then, Wang Ling placed his other hand on the conscience old man who was about to be devoured by the heart demon, and he used his body as a bridge to transfer the heart demon out by splitting it in half!

"This is..."

"Acid-base neutralization," said Wang Ling.

It was a very simple chemical principle.

It could be done with Fate Dao.

The old man whom Wang Ling had pulled out of the space tunnel had been grabbed from a parallel dimension using Fate Dao. Now that the old man's heart demon corrosion was beyond saving, Wang Ling thought that this technique might buy them some time.

In the end, after Wang Ling made his move, the Heavenly Dao little golden man suddenly said, "We can save him!"

"How?"

"Earlier, the heart demon corrosion was too great. But the degree of damage now can be fixed with the Bell of Purification," the golden man swiftly replied. "I'll go to the treasury to fetch it!"

"Don't we have to go through the application process?"

"Those on the white list don't have to."

...

Ten seconds later, the little golden man made a hand seal and pressed his hands to the ground. A mist suddenly swirled up, and a colorful ceramic magic bell appeared in front of Wang Ling and Er Ha.

Floating in the air, this bell radiated a pure and holy aura, which seemed to possess the power to purify all beings in the world. Wang Ling sensed that the power of the Great Purification Spell paled drastically in comparison with the Bell of Purification. After all, it was a supreme magic treasure, and one of the Heavenly Dao's Thirty-Three Precious Treasures.

Sighing inwardly, Wang Ling grabbed the Bell of Purification with his bare hands, and it didn't show any resistance at all. The little golden man was terrified when he saw this. If a normal cultivator happened to run across a Heavenly Dao Precious Treasure, the latter absolutely wouldn't let itself be touched as long as it didn't recognize the cultivator as its master.

But this Bell of Purification lay docilely in Wang Ling's hands like a baby...

Holding the Bell of Purification, Wang Ling shook it in front of the two conscience old men, and the black mist that lingered around them dissipated.

They were completely purified of the heart demon on the spot!

After everything was done, Wang Ling sent back the conscience old man whom he had pulled from a parallel universe.

The ground which the shabby cabin was on started to shake slightly.

In the blink of an eye, the shabby cabin turned back into a massive palace; sunlight shone brightly through the windows and the world outside the palace came back to life.

Wang Ling and Er Ha finally sighed with relief.

Fortunately, he had mastered Fate Dao, otherwise he really didn't know what he could have done in the face of this situation.

"By the way... can you..." The little golden man gazed at the Bell of Purification in Wang Ling's hand and tried to get it back.

Of course, Wang Ling wasn't someone who didn't return what he borrowed.

This was one of the Heavenly Dao's Thirty-Three Precious Treasures, after all... it belonged to Heavenly Dao to begin with.

But Wang Ling also knew that in a peaceful era, the Heavenly Dao's Thirty-Three Precious Treasures didn't get much use. While he had fixed the undertaker's problem, there were still eight other people to go, and Wang Ling would need to rely on this Bell of Purification to purify them of the heart demons.

So Wang Ling couldn't return this thing for the time being.

Of course, he wasn't completely selfless...

When he shook the Bell of Purification just now, he thought that the sound it made was quite pleasant to listen to.

Maybe he could give this small bell to his little sister as a toy.

Ah Nuan was too aggressive and could easily stir up trouble. This Bell of Purification could eradicate demonic tendencies as well as suppress fury, which fit Ah Nuan to a tee!

At this thought, Wang Ling cheerfully put away this Bell of Purification.

Seeing this, the expectant little golden man was furious but didn't dare say anything...

...

After returning to the land of Heavenly Dao, this little golden man who was responsible for all matters to do with Wang Ling was rebuked by the six main Heavenly Dao of the Heavenly Dao Governing Committee.

"I didn't do it deliberately..." The little golden man felt quite wronged. "If you think you have the ability to get it back, go look for him yourself..."

"I don't care what you think! I only care what I think!"

The six main Heavenly Dao began to berate him one after another.

"I'm the main Heavenly Dao, you have to listen to me!"

"Can't get it back? I don't think it's a problem. Even if it is, it's your problem as the person-in-charge - you should be the one to fix it!"

"I don't care whether it's possible to get it back or not. You have to get it back even if you can't! I'll say it again! Go get it back even if you can't! Don't ask me again if I can get it back, you must get it back! Understand? You must get it back!"

"If you can't, why don't you just quit?"

...

A few seconds later, the little golden man burst out in tears.

...

Elsewhere, Wang Ling, who had obtained the Bell of Purification, embarked on the second part of his journey of purification.

The undertaker's problem was fixed and the Shadow Image behind him directly disappeared, while the souls that had been devoured by the Shadow Image before were all released, and were now waiting to enter the natural cycle of reincarnation.

Wang Ling's second stop was a hospital in the city center.

This place wasn't unfamiliar to Wang Ling - this was precisely Director Li's hospital from back then. Wang Ling remembered that this was a special administrative medical defense building mainly used to quarantine patients with unusual ailments. It was a little strange for Wang Ling to show up uninvited in the middle of the night, but fortunately, Lord Thunder had already made the arrangements for Wang Ling. The Office of Strategic Deception had sent someone over to wait for them, and the person who had been appointed to wait for Wang Ling at the second stop was Xiao Yin.

"Master!" From a long distance away, Wang Ling saw a barefooted young man with silver hair waving at him.

"You came out like this without putting on a disguise?" Er Ha gazed at Xiao Yin in some surprise, since Xiao Yin would go out with a hat to cover the two horns on his head.

"It's fine, it's fine. It's so hot with a hat on, and my horns would be cooked under it!" said Xiao Yin. "Didn't Nezha become big recently?"

"That's right."

"If someone asks me about my horns, I'll just say I'm cosplaying Aobing."

"..." Er Ha and Wang Ling sucked in their breaths.

In some sense, this guy was really a genius...

Without wasting any time, Xiao Yin led them into the building and explained the second person's situation to them. "Master, this person's condition is somewhat unusual. It's pica1, and the person has been receiving treatment for it here all this time."

1(Eating disorder where a person eats things not normally considered food.) "Pica? Then how did they eat that bag of frozen dumplings?"

"According to the nurse, the person ate half a mouthful that day and threw up... They probably didn't throw up all of it."

"..."





Chapter 1074 A Pica Girl's Special Ability


Wang Ling thought this was good news.

Although the person agreed to eat the dumplings, they were suffering from pica, and their body couldn't keep normal food down, so they only ate a little. If it was just a little, then the heart demon corrosion shouldn't be too advanced.

"How did this person get pica?" Er Ha couldn't help asking as they followed Xiao Yin to the ward.

"The patient is a girl, and every day she yells about how she wants to lose weight. She started out by eating only one cucumber a day, and later stopped eating altogether. Then she got really hungry, but refused to eat food, and suddenly fell in love with soot, which doesn't contain fat and can make her full. The girl was very happy to eat it. In the end, she was poisoned, and thus brought to the hospital." As he spoke, Xiao Yin took out his phone and searched for the photos he had obtained from the doctor.

"Look, this is a photo of the girl when she was healthy," Xiao Yin said.

Wang Ling and Er Ha look at the phone screen. This was a girl with a figure that was just right. She was already well-developed, with flesh in all the right places.

"This kid doesn't look fat; she doesn't need to lose weight at all." Er Ha didn't quite understand why some boys and girls would go to such extremes in a diet in order to lose weight.

If you were hungry, you had to eat.

Didn't you just need to make sure to exercise every day? You wouldn't gain weight that way.

Eating healthily was very important. As long as a person didn't consume a lot of fat, and had a healthy diet and proper exercise, a good figure wasn't a pipe dream.

After all, not everyone could be like Wang Ling, who rubbed away whatever fat he gained on his body like plasticine...

For now, they would take a look at her.

Wang Ling looked at the phone screen with a calm expression.

He had the Bell of Purification in his hand. It shouldn't be a problem to drive out the heart demon.

A few minutes later, Xiao Yin led Wang Ling to a ward in the special zone. Wang Ling, Xiao Yin and Er Ha were all wearing white robes, and Er Ha's white robe was tailor-made. The Office of Strategic Deception had given them new identities as consultant doctors.

The head nurse saw Xiao Yin bring Wang Ling and Er Ha over, and she exclaimed when she saw Wang Ling's young face, "You're Dr Wang? You're so young!"

Wang Ling: "Mm..."

"Head nurse, please don't mind him. My teacher doesn't really talk much. We'll have to trouble you!" Xiao Yin took the initiative to step forward and greet the head nurse.

"Mm, alright..." The head nurse nodded woodenly.

Long before Wang Ling and Er Ha arrived, Xiao Yin had already made all the preparations.

Their credentials passed muster and their fake identities were ironclad.

But even so, the head nurse was still very curious about Wang Ling.

She felt that this Dr Wang was too young. Also, he seemed to be quite the character, even bringing a spirit dog with him when he visited the patient.

It was rare to see such a handsome and young doctor with this sort of character.

Instantly, the head nurse's imagination started to run wild over Wang Ling.

"Follow me, please." The head nurse took out an all-purpose card and started to lead the way. The special zone had individual wards, where a lot of unusual patients were treated.

"That girl with pica wouldn't have come here originally, but after she ate the dumplings, her mental state suddenly changed for some reason and she became completely unstable. Not only that, but her appetite also increased. Although she started to eat again, she binged like crazy, and her weight increased by 30 jin in a short period of time." The head nurse frowned. "We've never seen anything like it before, and we suspect that it's an unusual disease, so she's quarantined here for observation and treatment."

Wang Ling nodded his head.

Following the head nurse, they reached the door to Ward 1306, where they heard the hysterical cries of a girl.

"As you can see, the girl's already gone crazy, shouting for food." The head nurse sighed. "The walls of this ward are made of special memory foam to prevent some mental patients from doing something dangerous like knocking their heads against the walls. Even if the walls are damaged, they can bounce back in a short time, and have the ability to absorb water and fire."

"Since the girl's illness was triggered by the frozen dumplings, where are the frozen dumplings?" Er Ha asked.

"They were thrown out," said the head nurse.

Xiao Yin then said to Wang Ling and Er Ha telepathically, "Master, don't worry. Thunder has arranged for all the frozen dumplings to be recovered!"

Wang Ling breathed a sigh of relief at the news.

No matter what, it was a good thing that these dumplings weren't passed on again...

The head nurse swiped the card, then hid somewhat fearfully behind Wang Ling. "Dr Wang, I'm scared..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Seeing this, Xiao Yin hurriedly grabbed the head nurse's hand, then turned around to stand in front of her. "Head nurse, Lao Gudong has mysophobia. It's better for you not to touch him..."

The head nurse retracted her hand in disappointment.

She knew it wasn't very nice for an old cow like her to eat young grass.

But a person could dream!

Hearing the head nurse's thoughts, Wang Ling was speechless.

This lunatic author had set up crispy noodle snacks as the female lead, and had even stopped writing about Sun Rong. How can an "old cow" like you compare with Sun Rong? Sun Rong isn't even the female lead, and you want to be the female lead? That isn't a dream, but simply a fantasy!

Ignoring the head nurse's "dream," Wang Ling pushed the door open.

There wasn't any furniture in the special ward, so no matter how much of a scene the girl made, it was no use.

Seeing that someone had come in, a crazed look appeared on the girl's face. She stared at Wang Ling and sniffed him, and muttered incessantly, "Crispy noodle snacks... crispy noodle snacks... crispy noodle snacks..."

She smelled crispy noodle snacks on Wang Ling!

Then she sniffed Xiao Yin. "Broccoli... broccoli... broccoli..."

"What kind of ability is that?" Xiao Yin was startled.

The head nurse, who was hiding at the back, explained, "After she went crazy, it seems that she's able to smell what other people have eaten in the last few hours."

"I see..." Xiao Yin was struck by realization. He had indeed been eating broccoli salad with Thunder before this; he never expected the girl to actually be able to sniff out something like this, which didn't have a smell.

A crazed look started to appear in the girl's eyes. She stared at the head nurse who was hiding in the back and kept repeating the words, "Garlic... garlic... garlic..."

The head nurse lowered her head and breathed on her palms. She had eaten garlic that evening before she came, but she had already rinsed out her mouth and used a lot of chewing gum so as not to affect anyone. She didn't expect this girl to still be able to smell it.

Finally, the girl turned her gaze to Er Ha. "Shit... shit... shit..."

At that moment, everyone turned in unison to look at Er Ha with utterly horrified expressions.





Chapter 1075 A Dog Can't Stop Eating Shit


There was a saying that a dog couldn't fix its habit of eating shit...

While Er Ha's soul had already merged with its body to a very great extent after it turned into a dog, Er Ha still saw itself as a grand demon king of the Tuntian Ha clan, and couldn't discard its identity as a toad just like that. However, Er Ha never thought that when it was out walking on the streets and saw a lump of fresh shit that looked just like ice cream, something in its brain would unexpectedly prompt him to give it a lick.

It was an instinctive reaction, like when a dog lifted a leg to pee.

By the time Er Ha realized what it had done, it was already too late.

It had happened so suddenly. Er Ha had been following Wang Ling all the while, but at the time, Wang Ling's thoughts were preoccupied with finding the nine people who had eaten the frozen dumplings, so he didn't pay attention to what Er Ha was doing.

Er Ha was extremely glad.

After all, it was very disgraceful behavior.

But Er Ha never expected a female lunatic with pica to see through it at that critical moment.

Even the way Xiao Yin looked at Er Ha was different. "Senior brother..."

Because Xiao Yin had come later than Er Ha, becoming Wang Ling's second combat pet, he already recognized Er Ha as his senior brother. It was just that Xiao Yin had never called Er Ha as such, and it felt like a stab to the heart when Xiao Yin did it now.

Er Ha: "I..."

Xiao Yin: "Senior brother, you don't have to explain. We all understand."

The head nurse at the back also chimed in, "A dog can never fix its habit of eating shit... We all understand."

Er Ha: "..."

Er Ha realized at that moment that it had already jumped into the Yellow River and could no longer wash itself clean.

Of course, Wang Ling didn't react much to Er Ha's behavior, and just felt a little sick.

Their priority right now was to save the girl in front of them.

The girl had a crazed expression on her face. After she analyzed what everyone had eaten in the last few hours, Wang Ling thought she would lunge at him, and completely didn't expect her to huddle in a corner and hug her knees.

"What's going on?" asked Xiao Yin.

Apart from the head nurse, the other three at the scene were straight men who naturally didn't understand a young girl's heart.

After seeing the initially deranged girl suddenly calm down, the head nurse actually understood what the girl was thinking. "She probably got shy, or might be trying to appear a little more reserved."

"Why?" Xiao Yin was puzzled.

"Why do so many young girls want to lose weight in the beginning? To look good! Why do they want to look good? Looking at the deeper reason, they want to find a boyfriend to love them! For young teenage girls like these in particular, their requirement in a boyfriend isn't necessarily money - for most of them, it's still looks. When they meet a good-looking boy, they'll subconsciously become reserved."

The head nurse analyzed it logically: "For example, some girls who usually have a huge appetite will become restrained when they start dating. They'll nibble on their food and look a little bashful, completely different to when they put their feet up and gobble down instant noodles."

"..."

"And as another example, sometimes young girls like to hold hands and talk loudly with one another, but when they see a good-looking boy passing by, their voices will suddenly become softer and extremely gentle."

"..." Wang Ling, Xiao Yin and Er Ha were suddenly enlightened, and they sighed over the truth of things...

Although this head nurse was like an old cow who wanted to eat grass, her analysis really made sense!

But here was the problem: Wang Ling didn't think he was that good-looking... he had even specially modified his face; it was really strange if even this would catch the young girl's eye!

Wang Ling walked over to the room's light controls, and after turning off some of the lights, the girl's Shadow Image very quickly took form in front of Wang Ling — it looked like an ox demon, except that instead of horns, there were two ice-cream cones on its head, and it held a baguette in each hand.

The appearance was a reflection of the mind - this was certainly the case with this girl's Shadow Image.

Wang Ling went up in a straightforward manner, pulled its jaws open, and entered to look for this girl's heart demon inside the Shadow Palace.

Once again, Wang Ling appeared in a world which was like an ink and wash painting. Unlike the undertaker's world, however, this world which the heart demon had invaded wasn't a graveyard, but had mountain ranges made up of snacks. All types of potato chips were piled up together, and there was even a network of endless black chocolate rivers which flowed through the entire world - the smell was very strong as Wang Ling got closer.

It went without saying that he was amazed by this world's landscape.

Wang Ling and Er Ha took a few steps forward, and a huge hotpot mountain appeared in front of them.

It was a massive volcano, and there were a lot of common hotpot ingredients inside the crater, such as fish balls, beef balls, shrimp dumplings, fish rolls and dried tofu rolls. Although everything was black and white like an ink and wash painting, this food's appearance was very distinct, and smelled good - one couldn't help but drool just approaching it.

"This..."

Er Ha felt that things weren't looking good.

It had thought that since the girl had only eaten a bit of the dumplings, the corrosion shouldn't be so serious; it hadn't expected the heart demon corrosion to be far more severe than they had imagined.

Perhaps this was the result of being restrained for too long.

Because she had been dieting to lose weight all this time, the girl had constantly suppressed the natural hunger for food. In the end, she was completely triggered after eating a bit of the frozen dumplings.

All the food in front of them had high calories, which was taboo for people who wanted to lose weight.

Er Ha didn't dare approach casually, and waited for Wang Ling to make his decision.

And Wang Ling prepared to start searching for clues to the Shadow Palace in this world.

In the undertaker's world before, the Shadow Palace had been a cabin. But what about the girl's Shadow Palace? Perhaps it was some type of food? Wang Ling made some guesses.

He sent out the King's Eye to search the area, only to find nothing.

There wasn't anything similar to a house in this world; perhaps the girl had hidden her Shadow Palace in some sort of food.

Following behind Wang Ling during their search, Er Ha eventually noticed that they seemed to be going off-track.

As they walked, Er Ha realized that Wang Ling was actually heading toward a forest...

"A forest of crispy noodle snacks..." Wang Ling raised his head to look at this forest of crispy noodle snacks. It was densely packed with crispy noodle snack trees! Crispy noodle snack packets dangled like apples from the branches.

Er Ha was stupefied...

Who could top this...





Chapter 1076 Flame of the Universe


The moment the forest of crispy noodle snacks appeared, Er Ha realized that the situation was gradually spinning out of control... Although the forest had been produced by the heart demon, everything about it was truly a little too real. Even from far away, Er Ha could smell the pepper scent of crispy noodle snacks which wafted out from the forest.

It knew its Little Master Ling too well - how could he possibly resist such temptation?!

"No! I have to do something!" Seeing Wang Ling gradually turn absent-minded, Er Ha grabbed Wang Ling's pants leg between its teeth to drag him back. However, Wang Ling was outrageously strong, and Er Ha found itself unable to stop him at all. Despite its death grip on Wang Ling's pants legs, it was dragged over the ground, its head creating a deep furrow in the earth...

No, it needed reinforcements!

Er Ha grit its teeth and took out the immortal seal! This was from Immortal Zhenyuan, and could be used to summon him whenever necessary. In this situation, the fastest way Er Ha could think of to get help was to summon Immortal Zhenyuan.

To prevent the girl from doing anything unusual, Xiao Yin was protecting them outside, and thus couldn't enter the world.

"Law of nature! Seal complete!" Er Ha shouted inwardly.

With the injection of spirit energy, Zhenyuan's immortal seal instantly burst with powerful spirit power. Power gathered in the sky before a figure finally took shape. Immortal Zhenyuan was the same as ever with his red hair. Red flames of spirit light curled around his body as he descended from the sky.

Zhenyuan cultivated the Upright Yang Element Technique, which was a divine-level fire technique that had the miraculous effect of driving off demons and ghosts. When he appeared, the initially gloomy heart demon world seemed a little more colorful.

"Senior Dog!" Zhenyuan came over to greet Er Ha. He was still working on restoring Drought Star, and all this time had been anticipating Senior Dog summoning him to do odd jobs for it! He never thought that after so long, Senior Dog would finally remember him!

This sort of excitement was like a popular uploader, who hadn't been online for a while, remembering his password for the video website...

Immortal Zhenyuan looked around excitedly and was stunned.

Heart demon world...

Although he didn't know about the Shadow Palace, he could instantly sense that this world had been created by a heart demon!

Zhenyuan was no stranger to heart demons. Back then, he had sundered his heart demon from his body before it overwhelmed him, and it became "Wind Spirit." Ultimately, he destroyed Wind Spirit with his own hands. Zhenyuan still vividly remembered the melancholy of that act to this day.

It was already scary enough dealing with a heart demon.

How much worse would it be to deal with a world that had been constructed by a heart demon?

"Come." Er Ha didn't say anything unnecessary as it promptly called Zhenyuan over to hold back Wang Ling. It already felt like it couldn't hold on, but thinking of its identity as "Senior Dog" in front of Zhenyuan, it automatically switched to a commanding tone.

Er Ha had covertly drawn on Wang Ling's power last time to help Zhenyuan destroy Wind Spirit. Zhenyuan had treated it as a senior since then, and even revered it as a divine dog for a while.

"Okay, Senior Dog, there's no need for you to handle this small thing! Just leave it to me!" The next moment, Zhenyuan took action right away. Since he had faith that this "Senior Dog" would support him from behind, he wasn't apprehensive at all in his movements.

"Heaven Sun Lock!" He made a hand seal at the speed of light, his long fingers moving unceasingly like a fire lotus blossoming. In a split second, several golden disks appeared in the sky, and blazing golden chains of fire shot out to firmly grasp Wang Ling's ankles.

This Heaven Sun Lock which Immortal Zhenyuan took pride in was one of the magic treasures he had created. It could suppress powerful spirit beasts, demon beasts, and even vicious behemoths! This was the confidence of a man who was devoted to creating magic treasures!

In fact, Wang Ling held Zhenyuan in very high regard when it came to the creation of magic treasures. After all, this was the man who created the Gate Between Worlds... If it wasn't for the Gate Between Worlds, Er Ha wouldn't have met Wang Ling, and it might not be where it was now if it hadn't met Wang Ling. It had already been stuck at a bottleneck as a demon king, and if things had continued in that vein, the Tuntian Ha clan might have been sooner or later swallowed up by the other demon clans.

It could be said that the Gate Between Worlds had changed the outcomes of many things...

Er Ha thus also had a lot of confidence in the Heaven Sun Lock which Zhenyuan created. Even if the magic treasure couldn't stop its Little Master Ling, it should at least buy them some time, right? Its little master's strength was still sealed away; in theory, it should be possible to forcibly restrain Wang Ling in his constrained state.

But reality was far more challenging than Er Ha imagined.

The chains had only just fastened themselves around Wang Ling's ankles, when a flash of protective gold light actually smashed them into powder!

"My Heaven Sun Lock..."

Zhenyuan was extremely heartbroken.

This Heaven Sun Lock was his proud masterpiece which he had only been able to accomplish after roaming the universe for a long time looking for the materials needed!

But it had actually been smashed to smithereens by this youngster's protective golden light alone?

Zhenyuan was somewhat surprised.

It seemed that Senior Dog had found him a really amazing opponent this time!

Perhaps this was Senior Dog's test for him?

He had to put on a good show!

The youngster's odd behavior as he uncontrollably walked toward the forest of crispy noodle snacks was a typical sign of a heart demon corrosion! Perhaps he had been tainted by the inner demon of this world?

A lot of complicated possibilities flashed through Zhenyuan's mind.

Looking at Wang Ling's young face, he couldn't help sighing. When all was said and done, this was still a youngster who had yet to spread his wings, and who was completely unable to withstand the pressure of such an environment!

Zhenyuan smiled a little sympathetically.

Now that he knew that the youngster had lost control of his own body because of the heart demon, what Zhenyuan needed to do next was very easy.

Thinking this, Zhenyuan unhurriedly took out a second magic treasure.

Er Ha noticed that it was actually a lighter.

"Senior Dog, this is the Flame of the Universe that I gathered when I was wandering around space... the holy power it contains has the effect of purifying a heart demon!"

"Why a lighter?"

"This is the legendary nuclear lighter. I also have a matching nuclear flashlight here!"

"...Does it work?" Er Ha was doubtful.

This heart demon was created by Shadow Dao - even the Great Purification Spell was useless.

But this was Er Ha's first time seeing the Flame of the Universe.

It was a rainbow-colored flame which had been refined in the core of every large star that existed in the deepest parts of the universe.

Now that things had come to this point, Er Ha had no other choice but to let Zhenyuan give it a try.

"Don't worry, Senior Dog, the Flame of the Universe will automatically purify the heart demon!"

Pa!

Zhenyuan aimed the nuclear lighter at Wang Ling and flicked it.

The Flame of the Universe had its own spiritual intelligence. It sprang out of the lighter and lunged confidently at Wang Ling.

But even before the flame was halfway to Wang Ling, something happened which left Zhenyuan astonished.

This small seven-colored flame actually pulled back shivering into the lighter...

Zhenyuan: "???"

The Flame of the Universe was actually so scared?

Who on earth did Senior Dog want him to deal with?





Chapter 1077 Finally, Er Ha's Human Form


The situation was far beyond Immortal Zhenyuan's expectations. The Flame of the Universe was one of the most intelligent flames in the cosmos; logically speaking, there was nothing for it to be afraid of in an ordinary situation. That it could actually be frightened was unbelievable to Immortal Zhenyuan.

"Senior Dog, who on earth is this senior..."

Now that things had come to this point, Er Ha felt that it could no longer maintain its pretext as a "senior," and could only tell Zhenyuan the truth: "This is my master."

This young man was actually Senior Dog's master...

Zhenyuan was predictably gobsmacked.

Senior Dog was already so strong... Then, wouldn't its master's power be explosive?

Seeing that Zhenyuan was surprised, but not angry, Er Ha also thought it was unbelievable. "You're not angry?"

"Why should I be angry?" Zhenyuan raised his eyebrows. "I saw Senior Dog's strength for myself. Since this young man is your master, then he must be even stronger!" What Zhenyuan most liked to do was make friends with the strong. "Senior Dog, you thought of me at such a crucial moment and even introduced your master to me. This proves that you see me as part of your family. I cannot be any more thankful - how can I blame you?"

"..." Er Ha was astonished.

So that was what this guy actually thought; he wasn't the slightest bit suspicious about why Er Ha had deceived him.

When all was said and done, this was the first person to reach the Venerated Immortal level - given his pure mentality, it was no wonder he was able to accomplish this.

Er Ha thought itself too wicked in comparison...

This could be one of the reasons why it was slow to take on a human form.

Seeing Wang Ling advance forward step by step, Zhenyuan's gaze turned solemn. "Since this is Senior Dog's master, I can only use emergency measures. If Senior Dog can't stop him, we might still have a chance if we work together."

"..." Er Ha was lost in deep thought.

It didn't have the heart to deal Zhenyuan a blow.

Because even if they joined hands, they had no chance.

If Er Ha was really strong, like Xiao Yin, and worked together with Zhenyuan, they might be able to stop Wang Ling for a moment. Right now, however, he really wasn't capable...

Er Ha was still hesitating. If it really took action, it would be completely exposed in front of Zhenyuan and stripped of all its dignity - Zhenyuan might even look down on it.

What should it do in this sort of situation?

Seeing Wang Ling walk toward the forest of crispy noodle snacks as he gradually fell under the spell of the heart demon, Er Ha clenched its teeth. Maybe it could go all out?

It decided to stake everything by combining the profound truth of Sword Dao which Wang Ling had passed on to it with what it had currently mastered!

It had already lived with Wang Ling for more than half a year, and the bond between master and servant was so deep that Er Ha couldn't disregard it and allow Wang Ling to fall into the heart demon's clutches. Whatever happened, Er Ha couldn't abandon Wang Ling.

"Charge!" Despite its misgivings, Er Ha still grit its teeth and circulated spirit energy throughout its body! It already no longer cared how Zhenyuan would regard it after its actual strength was revealed, nor did it care about its dignity - Er Ha only cared about Wang Ling! It couldn't just sit by and watch Wang Ling be corroded by the heart demon!

At that moment, Er Ha burst with mighty power as it called up Sword Dao and boosted its strength with the improved version of the Demon King's Heart Sutra so that spiritual qi was released from every pore on its body.

In a mere split second, green steam rolled out from Er Ha's body, and its green dog fur fluttered despite the lack of a breeze.

Sword Dao was also a type of Heavenly Dao, which Wang Ling had stripped from Evil Sword God back then and given to Er Ha; Er Ha never expected it to come in handy at this moment. It had been painstakingly cultivating Sword Dao in the last few months, and while it might not yet have noticed the power of Sword Dao, Er Ha was still surprised at the steam rising off its body after it unleashed Sword Dao.

Er Ha's body also started to show signs of energy materialization.

"As expected, Senior Dog is strong." Zhenyuan sighed inwardly at this scene. To be honest, he had been skeptical before, and wondered if Er Ha wasn't as strong as he had imagined. Now, however, it seemed that Zhenyuan had been overthinking it.

To be able to integrate Sword Dao into one's teeth wasn't something that an ordinary person could do; not only had this Senior Dog done so, it had been done with such consummate skill. Er Ha was even powerful enough to materialize its energy, which thoroughly dispelled Zhenyuan's doubts.

But no one was clearer about its strength than Er Ha itself.

It assessed its overall combat strength, and if it went all out, combined with Zhenyuan's combat strength, it would be just barely enough to withstand three attacks from Wang Ling when his power was sealed... In other words, it would take three of Wang Ling's slaps to die...

This was already much better odds compared with what happened to Evil Sword God.

But Wang Ling currently wasn't aware enough to attack them, so their lives naturally weren't in danger. But trying to stop Wang Ling was still as difficult as scaling the heavens.

"Cover me!"

Despite that, Er Ha didn't plan to give up. Shouting the command at Zhenyuan, it moved swiftly and charged forward once again to bite down on Wang Ling's pants leg.

The profound truth of Sword Dao was instantly unleashed through Er Ha's teeth as a Sword Dao array appeared in the air — Seven Swords Descending the Heavenly Mountain!

Like the fangs of a dog, seven light swords dropped in a crisscross pattern to instantly form a cage around Wang Ling.

"It's done! Reinforce the seal!" Er Ha continued to exert force, its green dog fur fluttering like flames.

"Senior Dog, I'm coming!" Zhenyuan coordinated exceptionally well with Er Ha; the moment the Seven Swords Descending the Heavenly Mountain array appeared, Zhenyuan completed the seal, and a massive jade seal fell from a space tunnel in the sky!

"Heavenly Emperor's Jade Seal!" This was the other magic treasure that Zhenyuan was proud of, which had a powerful suppressive effect! What was more, it contained Zhenyuan's blood; one drop of Venerated Immortal blood was as heavy as half a planet. Combined with the descent of the Heavenly Emperor's Jade Seal, the suppression generated was out of the ordinary.

Er Ha's spirits were lifted when it saw this, and its blood started to flow even faster throughout its body with its happiness.

All of a sudden, Er Ha felt an unusual power bubble up inside its body.

Was this... its human form?

It had finally cultivated a human form?

Er Ha was completely moved!

It never thought that this battle would indirectly open up its blocked meridians and finally allow it to obtain the human form which it had craved for so long!

Er Ha was so happy it grinned from ear to ear.

A few minutes later, like a magical girl transformation, Er Ha turned into a green-haired youngster with cute little canine teeth.

...

And at that moment, Wang Ling, who had been locked down by the Heavenly Emperor's Jade Seal and the Seven Swords Descending the Heavenly Mountain array, finally breathed a sigh of relief.

This dog had finally transformed into a human!

Acting was too tiring for Wang Ling.





Chapter 1078 Regain Confidence?


The King's Eye had the power to eliminate what was false and retain what was true. Although the world of the Shadow Palace created by the Shadow Dao heart demon was excessive and the food looked so real and smelled irresistible, the world's true appearance was laid bare under Wang Ling's King's Eye.

To try and use a petty heart demon illusion in the Shadow Palace to trap Wang Ling - this was simply looking down on this Immortal King's capability. Wang Ling had pretended to fall for it largely because he had sensed that the spirit power inside Er Ha's body had reached a critical point after they entered this world, and Er Ha just needed a turning point in order to make a breakthrough.

This was why Wang Ling had directed and acted out this play himself.

He never thought it would be at the cost of Zhenyuan being summoned...

As a sheltered "baby," Wang Ling naturally felt bitter.

His principle of laying low would never change, so of course, the fewer people who knew his identity, the better. Wang Ling had only acknowledged Thunder after years of testing him, but even then, Thunder only knew part of Wang Ling's actual situation.

Few outsiders knew of Wang Ling's true situation; Zhuo Yi, as Wang Ling's disciple, was the only human being who was privy to it.

Zhuo Yi had been searching for Wang Ling for many years, and hadn't breathed a word about Wang Ling in all that time; he was a very trustworthy person. It was after Wang Ling put Zhuo Yi through all sorts of tests that he finally decided to accept this disciple - it wasn't because of those crispy noodle snack packets! Definitely not! ╭(╯^╰)╮Hmph!

But Zhenyuan's appearance now put him in an awkward situation...

After all, Zhenyuan was a Venerated Immortal, who was recognized as a legendary cultivator on Earth. Although his realm still fell a little short of Wang Zhen's level, the latter being from the Domain of the Gods, Zhenyuan was an expert whose reputation was well-deserved.

In short, he wasn't easy to fool.

After Er Ha evolved into its human form, Wang Ling felt that it was time to drop the act, so he stopped pretending that he had been taken over by the heart demon. Seeing this, Er Ha hurriedly urged Zhenyuan to cancel the seal.

The Heavenly Emperor's Jade Seal was admittedly powerful, but it was ridiculous to imagine that it could suppress Wang Ling. If it wasn't because Wang Ling had an act to keep up right to the end, he could have broken the seal with one puff of air.

Er Ha transformed back into its dog form and ran over to check on Wang Ling, before sighing with relief after discovering that he was fine.

Wang Ling had almost scared it to death.

But at the same time, Er Ha was suspicious.

How could a person as devilishly strong as Little Master Ling be so easily possessed by the heart demon?

"Senior Dog, I think you're more handsome in your human form!" Zhenyuan also came over and started to lavish extravagant praise on Er Ha.

"I think so too, but I don't have any clothes." Er Ha laughed, but was sweating. Except for the green hair, its human form was more handsome than it had imagined. Unfortunately, it didn't have any clothes, and it didn't seem very tasteful to walk about with its thing dangling out.

Wang Ling was lost for words for some time.

What he was mainly thinking about now was how he should face Zhenyuan.

This was a cultivator acclaimed as a legend on Earth; if Wang Ling got tangled up with the other party, he couldn't imagine what might happen in the future. The new school term was just about to start, and Wang Ling wanted to sort out his little sister's mess before then so that he could live his Senior Grade One life peacefully.

Wang Ling didn't expect the problems to pile up like dominos, with things spiraling out of control ever since the first domino fell.

"Senior!" Zhenyuan took the initiative to come over and greet him.

It seemed like a simple greeting, but in that instant, Wang Ling was pulled into another space.

This was the Mystical Sound Technique, which was a spell that combined space and sound. When cast, it could instantly suck a person into a separate mental space which was soundproof and practically impossible to guard against.

Of course, there was no way Wang Ling would be affected; no one could invade his mental landscape so easily. He just wanted to see what move Zhenyuan would use on him as well as what Zhenyuan wanted to say.

Having said that, Wang Ling was a little disgruntled at being pulled into a different space at their first meeting.

The red-haired young man who stood in front of him in the mental space still looked composed. In a confrontation, experts often didn't reveal much on their faces; even if they were panic-stricken, their expressions would look unruffled and calm.

"Senior, you deliberately let yourself be led astray." When Zhenyuan opened his mouth, he got straight to the point. From his previous contact with Zhenyuan, Wang Ling knew that this guy was a straightforward person who didn't like to beat around the bush. Actually, this was good, since Wang Ling didn't have to waste time making blind guesses.

Wang Ling sank into a short silence again at these words. He didn't deny it, which was as good as admitting it.

"I knew it..." Zhenyuan sighed emotionally. "Senior, I want to ask you for a favor."

Wang Ling: "???"

"Senior, it's like this: I've been fixing Drought Star all this time. Since getting rid of Wind Spirit, I've been wondering what kind of attitude a true expert in the cultivation world should have toward life as well as future cultivation... Senior Dog's appearance was a huge inspiration."

"..."

Zhenyuan's next words then completely astonished Wang Ling. "I know the reason why Senior deliberately went astray was to stimulate Senior Dog's true strength so that it had the courage to face its human form, right?"

"..." Not at all, come on!

Wang Ling had clearly stirred Er Ha up in order to help it transform into a human! It didn't have a human form to begin with! Why had it suddenly turned into helping Er Ha regain its confidence??? What kind of operation was this?

"Senior, I understand. You don't need to say anything else... I know that Senior Dog's green hair in its human form makes it a little self-conscious. And Senior Dog's human form itself is a little... hm... actually, I'm not sure whether it's proper for me to say this, but I'll still say it..."

"A little what..." Wang Ling's curiosity was piqued.

"A little... short..."

"..."

"It's quite normal for a man to lose his confidence when he's that short as a human." Zhenyuan sighed lightly. "But I didn't expect Senior to actually help Senior Dog regain its confidence by provoking it. I was greatly moved when I saw how Senior Dog rushed forward to save Senior without any thought to its own safety."

"..."

"Because of that, I have a presumptuous request." After saying that, Zhenyuan finally got to the point. "Senior, please accept me as your disciple and let me study under you..."





Chapter 1079 School Reopens


Yet another person who wanted to learn from him... Wang Ling was silent. It was just the summer holiday, but there was no lack of people saying that they wanted to learn from him. First, it was Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi, and then Gu Shunzhi popped up later. Now, there was also Zhenyuan...

He had no other choice; for the time being, he would just arrange for all of them to study at Number 60 High.

After cleaning up the mess left by his little sister Wang Nuan, Wang Ling sent Zhuo Yi a text message and had him arrange for Zhenyuan's school admission. Although the transfer test which Wang Zhen and the others had taken was already over, Zhuo Yi could pull some strings to get Zhenyuan in. Of course, Wang Ling only had one request: try not to put Zhenyuan in his class...

As everyone knew, cultivation schools didn't start at the same time as ordinary high schools.

Finally, on November 4th, Number 60 High reopened.

Thanks to the efforts of all the teachers in the second half of the summer break, the fragments of Number 60 High's Jade Scroll of School History was recovered before their application was submitted to the General Administration of 100 Cultivation Schools. Following the trending news that Number 60 High was applying to become a key city cultivation high school, the second semester of Senior One heralded new transfer students... There were two in Wang Ling's class alone...

"I will now introduce everyone to two new students in our class. Let's welcome Student Gu and Student Zhen!" After Teacher Pan finished speaking, the whole class immediately broke out clapping.

Student Gu was Gu Shunzhi, while Student Zhen was Zhenyuan... This was the fake identity which Zhuo Yi had created for Zhenyuan: Zhen Yuan, based on a homonym of Zhenyuan.

Following the clapping, there were the sounds of quiet discussion.

"Both of them are very handsome!"

"You can tell with one glance that the one with glasses has to be a curve wrecker, while the one with red hair... Don't you think he looks like some idol?"

Lin Xiaoyu stared at Gu Shunzhi and Zhenyuan on the dais unblinkingly... In her mind, she was already concocting an indescribable epic between the two men...

A fujoshi's way of thinking was really scary...

Wang Ling turned his eyes away indifferently and looked out the window.

In the reflection on the glass, he could clearly see both Zhenyuan and Gu Shunzhi staring at him.

Before each semester, Teacher Pan had a habit of making an example of someone in order to cow the others. This "example" label was clearly going to fall on Gu Shunzhi and Zhenyuan's heads.

Teacher Pan looked at Gu Shunzhi first. His hair was a decent length and he had a more relaxed dress style. Since the school hadn't yet had the time to allocate him a school uniform, this Student Gu deliberately chose to wear a blue sports outfit, which wasn't particularly out of place in Number 60 High's environment.

Hm...

But Gu Shunzhi was going to be the "example" used at the beginning of the semester, and Wang Ling had to salute Teacher Pan's ability to nitpick.

"Student Gu, I know your performance in the transfer test was very good and you're first on the enrollment list for the entire school, but you still have to be humble, understand? Look at you - you're so tall that I don't even reach your shoulders! As a warm man, can't you show a little consideration for your teacher's feelings? There are also quite a number of girls in our class. As a good student, you need to put your best foot forward! Understand?"

Old Pan's tone sounded as gentle as a spring breeze, but a lot of the students could actually tell that she didn't have anything to say, and so was deliberately nitpicking... Of course, Teacher Pan also had another objective, and that was to test the character of this "Student Gu."

After all, newly transferred students were unfamiliar with the other students. As the teacher-in-charge, Teacher Pan naturally had to clearly determine what their personalities were like. Different situations required different response measures to enable the transfer students to quickly integrate into the larger collective class environment.

In Teacher Pan's opinion, Gu Shunzhi's performance was truly perfect...

"Alright, teacher, I understand." Gu Shunzhi gave a slight smile which was so gentle that Teacher Pan actually felt the blush of first love...

"Go... go down then..." Teacher Pan was speechless, and pointed at the last seat in the middle row as she hurriedly got Gu Shunzhi to step down.

This transfer student had a good disposition and character... This was really rare!

Teacher Pan now wasn't worried about Gu Shunzhi at all; instead, she started to worry about the female students in the class... Such a child who was outstanding in all respects would definitely be the catalyst for "puppy love"! Views on love in the current cultivation world were more liberal: as long as it was a safe environment, there weren't that many rules and restrictions.

But Old Pan was a more conservative person.

And she also valued grades more.

She didn't object to puppy love, but if it affected a student's grades, she would definitely put a stop to it.

Teacher Pan pondered this deep in her heart. It looked like she would have to keep an eye on the other students for a while.

After she was done with Gu Shunzhi, Teacher Pan turned to look at Zhenyuan next to him.

Compared with Gu Shunzhi, Teacher Pan's evaluation of Zhenyuan's image had straightaway dropped to below the passing score of 60...

"Student Zhen, I know that your grades are also very good! You ranked second this time. But you should know that our school doesn't allow its students to dye their hair! And why do you have ear studs? A boy actually has more jewelry than I do?" Teacher Pan scolded him in front of everyone.

Only then did Zhenyuan realize what was wrong with himself.

He was so bent on learning from Wang Ling that he forgot he had already become a high school student in this environment. He had always had his red hair and was used to it, but it did look rather unconventional. As for the ear studs... they were the mystical "Studs in Ears" that Zhenyuan was also proud of. This was a formidable imprisonment magic artifact, and also a very useful magic treasure for defense.

Realizing that he was wrong, Zhenyuan removed the ear studs of his own accord and then explained his hair to Teacher Pan. "Teacher, I'm really sorry... My hair is always red because of my fire cultivation arts. Even if I dye it black, it'll turn back to red overnight... This can't be considered dyed hair, right? But I know that my hairstyle might not be very suitable, so I'll get a haircut after school."

"Because of cultivation arts?" Teacher Pan was skeptical.

It could only be said that as a teaching pioneer in Number 60 High, Teacher Pan was in the end Teacher Pan. Given her many years of teaching experience, she immediately came up with an idea for Zhenyuan. "How about this, Student Zhen: you can directly shave your head so that you don't have to worry about hair color. Since our school is a large body, we naturally stress unity."

The truth was that Teacher Pan's words weren't absolute. If Zhenyuan didn't want to do it, Teacher Pan could actually compromise. Previously, some students in the other classes got into massive rows with their parents and teachers over their hairstyles and ran away from home. Teacher Pan didn't want a repeat performance of that

But Teacher Pan was surprised once again.

She found it hard to imagine that this Student Zhen would actually have an unusually good nature as he hurriedly agreed with her. "Teacher Pan, don't worry, I'll sort it out after school today!"

In the back row, Wang Ling felt deeply moved when he heard Zhenyuan's words.

Zhenyuan and Gu Shunzhi were two men who stood at the top of the cultivation world.

They were long unfazed by the affairs of the secular world... and long past the age of rebellion...

And Wang Ling had just realized something.

He realized that Gu Shunzhi and Zhenyuan's arrival seemed to have drawn most of the class's attention.

His own sense of existence was thus diminished.

Perhaps these two joining his class wasn't as bad as he had imagined.





Chapter 1080 The Second Semester of Senior Grade One


The workload was heavier in the second semester of Senior Grade One, and after the summer break, the school administration board organized a meeting for all the teachers in order to emphasize that their main task right now was to quickly get the students to refocus after a relaxing summer break and get back into the race toward the college entrance exam.

There were still two years to go from Grade One to Grade Three, but based on the frequency of chapter updates and the number of chapters, it would take the author over three thousand more chapters to reach the college entrance exam arc... But even then! Studying was still the most important!

The second half of Senior Grade One already wasn't easy, since most schools would have their students finish learning Senior Grade Two content during this time, and in Grade Two, get them to finish learning Grade Three coursework.

When they entered Grade Three, they would keep doing the same thing non-stop - they would continue to do the school exercises over and over again until they almost died.

That was Grade Three!

Apart from doing exercise questions, Grade Three cultivation school students had to take cultivation assessments at the same time, such as a spirit sword control exam, magic treasure operation exam, pill refining exam, talisman drawing exam and so on.

After Teacher Pan was done with her lecture, Su Xiao started handing out booklets from the pile in his arms, which he had gotten from the office.

"What's this?" someone asked.

"Last year's enrollment regulations for the cultivation colleges," replied Su Xiao.

"Why are you handing these out?"

"Old Pan wants all of you to look at the cut-off scores for the top cultivation colleges," said Su Xiao.

Wang Ling turned to the first page.

A detailed table leapt to his eye — this table listed the minimum cut-off scores and the corresponding page number for each school's enrollment regulations.

Currently, the number one cultivation college was Jinghua Seven Stars College; minimum cut-off score: 209,300.

Second was Jinghua Sword Immortal Star College; minimum cut-off score: 199,670.

Third was Northern Swallow College; minimum cut-off score: 199,400.

...

The top three colleges had a minimum cut-off score of around 200,000, which would make anyone flinch. Wang Ling thought he could enter these three colleges easily enough if he performed normally and wasn't suppressing his scores... but this would be violating the Wang family's rules.

It wasn't up to Wang Ling which college he got into anyway - ultimately, it was Father Wang and Mother Wang who would make the decision. Actually, Wang Ling himself didn't have any idea one way or the other. Of this dazzling array of cultivation colleges, there were practically none that could truly teach him anything new.

Wang Ling had also imagined what college life would be like. Just like the college entrance exam, this was an important milestone in a person's life. While it wasn't necessary, it might become a lifelong regret for Wang Ling if he didn't go.

On the side, Super and a few others were looking at the enrollment regulations and discussing them.

"Chinese, maths, English, physics, chemistry, plus general arts and general science; each subject is worth 20,000 marks, so the total score for the cultural courses is 140,000. Talismans, sword techniques, magic treasures, pills, theory of cultivation history; these cultivation subjects are worth 120,000 marks in total, so the full mark is 260,000. What score do you think we can get right now?" Guo Hao stared at the enrollment regulations in his hand, and couldn't help sinking into deep anxiety and thought.

"At my current level... I can get 150,000 at most, which is only just enough for a second-tier college. I need to work harder." Chen Chao sighed. Actually, when school started at the very beginning, he had already voiced his ambition to get into Seven Stars.

However, he was still short of the target cut-off score by 50,000 marks. To close this gap, not only did he have to pull up his scores in his cultural subjects as much as possible, he also couldn't fall behind in all his cultivation subjects.

Getting 100,000 out of 120,000 marks in the cultivation subjects would be a safe bet for enrollment.

But getting this 100,000 was easier said than done.

"Ai, I remember there were bonus points in previous years?"

"There were bonus points, but the requirements were also very strict. Look at the back of the enrollment booklet," said Su Xiao.

Everyone flipped to the back; sure enough, it clearly explained the conditions for the bonus points.

[First: A person who assists the Cultivation Police Bureau or the Immortal Arts Mobile Squadron while in high school, and obtains an Honorary Cultivator's Medal for helping to uphold law and order, can obtain bonus points. A third-rank medal is worth 1000 points, a second-rank medal is worth 3000 points, and a first-rank medal is worth 5000 points. A person can only have five medals at most at any one time.]

"I know this first condition; I think my dad got 1000 bonus points before because of it," said Chen Chao.

"What did your dad do?"

"When he was grocery shopping, he happened to catch a criminal on the run, and so got a third-rank medal." Chen Chao laughed. "But my dad was lucky - that criminal was already out of strength from the chase, and just happened to run into the market. He was easy pickings for my dad."

"Come on, stop talking about your dad - let's read the next one..." said Guo Hao.

[Second: A person who obtains a special national certificate of honor while in high school can obtain 10,000 bonus points after an audit.]

Everyone: "..."

"Next, next... That's so hard!" someone cried out in disbelief.

A special certificate of honor was something that they could only dream of, and was completely impossible to get. The probability of obtaining such a thing was even lower than a person's looks in real life matching the photo sent to an online friend...

Gu Shunzhi and Zhenyuan were lost in silence when they gazed at these conditions.

Frankly, people as old as they were shouldn't be messing around here. In the end, however, they had come in order to learn from Wang Ling. Since Wang Ling would be taking the college entrance exam, they definitely couldn't avoid it. Given their strength, it wasn't hard for them to get full marks.

But the main point was that they wanted to go to the same college as Wang Ling...

Then, they now faced the problem of keeping their grades down.

These senior high cultivation subjects were really too easy for them.

"How about just not taking the exam and getting points through certificates? That seems easier to control than grades..." Gu Shunzhi and Zhenyuan cupped their chins and thought the same thing at that moment.

Finally, everyone looked at the third and final condition for getting bonus points.

[Third: A person who breaks through the Foundation Establishment stage while in high school can obtain bonus points. Golden Core stage: 10,000 points.]

[Those who reach the Nascent Soul stage do not have to take the college entrance exam. They can select the college they want and directly enter after obtaining approval from the General Administration of 100 Schools.]

Everyone: "..."

"Is there anyone who has ever broken through to the Nascent Soul stage in high school?" Everyone looked at the table and then at each other in dismay.

"Impossible... If there really was such a genius, why bother studying in high school..."

"There definitely are people like that - it's just our worldview that's too narrow, and we don't understand these geniuses." At that moment, Chen Chao suddenly said, "I sometimes wonder if there's someone like that around us - big shots with ordinary identities who quietly hide in the crowd..."

Zhenyuan: "..."

Gu Shunzhi: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 1081 Yet Another Parent-Teacher Conference


Human beings were very strange creatures.

When they went to school, they longed for the holidays, but when they were on holiday, they often missed school. Everyone said that school was the most relaxing period of a person's life, because there wasn't so much social or life pressure; they didn't have to scratch their heads over getting married, buying a house, buying a car and so on.

Sometimes, it was only after a person graduated from university and officially entered society and started work that they remembered their school days, whether it was primary school, middle school or senior high school. Everyone possessed random fragments of beautiful memories. Like old photos, they forever lingered in the brain, and would flash through your mind every time you felt upset, thereby soothing your restless heart.

The degeneration of an adult began when they gave up on their figure.

And the degeneration of a student began when they gave up on their studies...

As Wang Ling had anticipated, Teacher Pan had been busy perfecting her "subjugation plan" for the first day of school.

At noon, Teacher Pan called Wang Ling, Guo Hao, Su Xiao, Sun Rong, Chen Chao, Gu Shunzhi and Zhenyuan over to an empty classroom for a class committee meeting.

Guo Hao was the political science representative, Chen Chao was the sports committee member, Sun Rong was the class monitor, and Su Xiao was the commissary in charge of studies.

As for Gu Shunzhi and Zhenyuan, it seemed that Teacher Pan was ready to assign them new roles given their excellent academic performance.

Wang Ling didn't know why he had to participate when he wasn't a class leader, but since Teacher Pan had called him up, he had to give her face. After all, he was still a student here; offending the teacher-in-charge wasn't very good.

"I called all of you over to explain the learning situation in class. All of you here have grades that are above average, and set an example for the other students. School has just started, and I know that everyone might still be lost in a holiday mood. However, I hope that you're aware that there are only 800 days left before the college entrance exam... In the blink of an eye, you'll soon be sent to the front line on the battlefield!" Teacher Pan gave an impassioned and hot-blooded speech.

Everyone: "..."

"The first thing I want to say is to the new students, Student Gu and Student Zhen. Both of you did quite well in the entrance test. Given your specialties, I now appoint Student Zhen as the magic treasures course representative of our class, and Student Gu as the spirit swords course representative. Of course, it's only if the two of you are willing... I'll fully respect your choice!" Teacher Pan stared at the both of them eagerly.

"Okay, teacher..." Gu Shunzhi and Zhenyuan nodded.

Since things had already come to this point, they naturally had no reason to refuse.

The truth was that as early as the entrance test, Gu Shunzhi and Zhenyuan had sounded out Teacher Pan... They were a little puzzled as to why such a bigwig like Wang Ling would condescend to study under Teacher Pan, a Golden Core cultivator.

They didn't realize it before.

But it now seemed they understood...

This Teacher Pan was far weaker than they were, but she had an exceptionally good eye for people.

The two of them were all-rounders on the whole: one was the keeper of cosmic order, while the other was the legend of the cultivation world on Earth; there was practically nothing that they didn't know about cultivation knowledge. However, each of them had skills which they were especially proficient in!

Swordsmanship and magic treasures were indeed their respective specialties.

To be able to suss out their specialties right away, just from the entrance test, this teacher-in-charge really wasn't simple...

At this moment, the imaginations of these two bigwigs started to run wild.

Wang Ling: "..."

"Mm. Next is the second thing: It's about the PE classes this semester."

When Teacher Pan said this, everyone immediately had a bad feeling.

"It's like this, class committee members: there are twenty-two weeks in the semester and three PE lessons a week. That's to say, there are sixty-six PE lessons in total. However, before the start of the semester, I had a serious discussion with the other teachers, and we feel that sixty-six lessons are a little too many..."

"..."

"So we've already consulted the PE teacher. We've taken thirty-three of the sixty-six lessons and divided them equally among the other teachers to give you special lessons since the coursework in the second semester of Senior Grade One is more intense. I believe that the class committee here, as the top students in class, shouldn't have any objections, right? Chen Chao, you are the sports committee member. Tell us what you think. If you have any objections, don't be afraid to speak up! But the recommendation for this year's District Three Values Good Student1..."

1(An award for students who show excellence in their studies, attitude and constitution.) Chen Chao immediately raised his hand and said, "Teacher Pan, I have no objections!"

Everyone: "..."

"Really? You can raise your complaints if you have any... I'm very open and democratic."

Chen Chao continued, "Really! As your warm cotton-padded jacket2, we as class committee members should share in the burdens our teacher bear, and become the important engine that powers unity in class!"

2(This basically means someone who warms your heart..) "Very good!" Teacher Pan nodded with a meaningful expression.

Everyone secretly and disdainfully gave Chen Chao the middle finger.

"Then these two matters are sorted. If any of the other students in class ask, I can only say that it was the result of a thorough discussion within the class committee." Teacher Pan gave a demonic smile, and everyone's hearts trembled.

It went without saying that whether or not it was the result of a discussion, the class committee's role... was to be the scapegoat.

Chen Chao, Guo Hao, Sun Rong, and Su Xiao now all regretted stepping forward in the beginning to run for the class committee.

Such a thankless role... If they were just a little careless, they would become the subject of talk among the other students.

"Next is the third and most important thing."

When Teacher Pan said this, her gaze swept over the students present. "The parent-teacher conference was supposed to be held in the middle of the semester, but Headmaster Chen has decided to bring it forward given the tight study schedule. It'll be held this week! For one thing, it'll enable your parents to quickly understand where you're at in preparing for the entrance exam. For another, it'll relieve some of the stress that students will face in the future.

"This time, two main issues will be discussed at the parent-teacher conference. The first is one-on-one tutoring. Our class will later set up study pairs. Students with good grades will help students with average grades and lower."

At that moment, Teacher Pan paused again, and her gaze finally landed on Wang Ling. "Student Wang Ling, do you know why I called you over?"

"..."

Of course Wang Ling knew why.

Because in the past six months, he had been getting perfect average scores in class...

But what Wang Ling had overlooked was that although his grades were down the middle, they were too stable!

And it was because of this "stability" that Teacher Pan felt that Wang Ling was the model representative... Perhaps she could start with Wang Ling as an example in setting up the study pairs!





Chapter 1082 Study Pairs


Wang Ling never expected that his overly stable grades would conversely draw Teacher Pan's attention. He thought his existence in class would fade with his average grades - he never ever thought that Teacher Pan would in the end still pay attention to him.

As a pioneer teacher at Number 60 High, Teacher Pan had guided countless students toward entering key universities, and her intuition told her that Wang Ling was an extremely easy-going student. To get the average grade in class every time - Teacher Pan even felt that in some sense, Wang Ling had talent.

Since he had talent, there was a lot of room for improvement.

But in previous years, a number of the parents and students had opposed the one-on-one tutoring. The parents were against them because there were times when a boy and girl who were paired up might develop feelings for each other during the tutoring sessions, which wasn't a good thing to happen at this critical time. The reason why the students objected to it was that the one-on-one tutoring happened after class hours and used up a lot of energy beyond what they already spent on studying.

Why couldn't the time for the one-on-one tutoring be spent on something they were interested in?

Thus, after giving the matter ample consideration, Teacher Pan decided to first do a test run with Wang Ling. If the results were good, the sessions could slowly be implemented on a wider scale; a roster system could even be set up.

For example, if Student A helped Student B's grades to improve, Student A's task was done, and it would then fall to Student B to tutor Student C. Not only would students learn something this way, but in helping others, they would also consolidate their own knowledge.

So, here was the question.

Who should tutor Wang Ling in his studies?

"Is there anyone here who would be willing to tutor Student Wang Ling?"

"..." Zhenyuan and Gu Shunzhi fell silent.

Tutor?

What could they tutor Wang Ling in?­ Wouldn't that be like teaching your grandmother to suck eggs?

When no one responded, Teacher Pan's gaze swept over the class committee members who were present. All of them had above average grades, and it was the two new students who had the best grades.

But considering that they had just joined the school, Teacher Pan felt that getting them to help Wang Ling right away would imply that Number 60 High didn't have a great academic track record. In addition, she could tell from their conflicted expressions that they didn't seem willing to do any tutoring.

Hence, Teacher Pan made the final decision after considering the overall situation.

"Student Sun Rong, I'll give the task of tutoring Student Wang Ling to you. Any questions?" As soon as Teacher Pan said that, everyone's eyes lit up. They looked at Sun Rong's very red face before turning to look at the expressionless Wang Ling with extremely complicated feelings.

After the spirit sword exchange meet, all the rumors about this pair gradually subsided. Now that Teacher Pan had put them together again, it felt like a lifetime ago.

Teacher Pan naturally had her own reasons for pairing them up.

There had indeed been rumors around school before that Wang Ling and Sun Rong were dating and that they liked each other. The issue, however, was that this news later disappeared. In the end, Teacher Pan heard that it was because Wang Ling's temperament was too cold, and so they had drifted apart.

Cold was good!

In terms of feelings, as long as one side was cold, it was impossible for anything to happen!

Hence, Teacher Pan felt that there weren't any problems with this pairing.

Wang Ling: "..." To hell with no problems!

...

Shortly after the class committee meeting, the whole class found out about the one-on-one tutoring sessions. Apart from that, the thirty-three PE lessons which they had been deprived of naturally became another hot topic of discussion.

"Why didn't you fight for it?!" someone complained.

"You know what Old Pan is like - is there any use fighting?" Chen Chao shrugged helplessly. His title as sports committee member had long become an empty one. They actually wouldn't even get all thirty-three lessons; the PE teachers might go off on a research trip or might fall ill collectively - these lesson periods might be snatched away for all sorts of mysterious reasons... It would be a miracle if they could get twenty PE lessons this semester.

Since the second half of Senior Grade One was already like this, it was inevitable that everyone would start worrying about their days in Grade Two and Grade Three, and they distinctly felt the pressure. Once they actually reached Grade Three, they could forget about PE classes altogether... Usually, the school would just round up the students for intensive training before the PE exam.

As for the two whom Teacher Pan had roped together, Wang Ling and Sun Rong had their own thoughts.

When it came to feelings, Sun Rong knew she had run into an iron plate this time... Throughout the first semester, she had racked her brain for ways to catch Wang Ling's attention, but in the end, all he ever did in class was rest his head on one hand and look out the window.

She thought at first that their relationship would progress after the spirit sword exchange meet, but who would have thought that Wang Ling truly didn't plan to date anyone.

A melon that was forcibly split open wasn't sweet; Sun Rong of course knew this.

But no matter what, this one-on-one tutoring session was a very rare opportunity.

She felt it was time to let out what she had been hiding inside her heart for so long.

The outcome didn't matter.

On the other side, Wang Ling seemed to have something on his mind at that moment.

...

School had ended and everyone had already left the classroom. Wang Ling and Sun Rong sat facing each other over a desk.

She was flipping through his mistakes and test papers.

After all, her main task was to help Wang Ling with his studies and improve his grades; as for personal matters, they could wait to talk about it after the tutoring.

She examined each of his mistakes very conscientiously, and in the end was utterly astonished. "Classmate Wang Ling..."

"???"

"How are your mistakes so consistent?"

"..."

Sun Rong checked Wang Ling's test papers from beginning to end, and discovered that a lot of the mistakes which Wang Ling made were minor ones, such as missing units, deliberately leaving out some symbols, or getting the last step in solving a question wrong... Furthermore, his answer was very close to the correct value.

All of these were actually tricks Wang Ling tended to use to keep his scores down.

If he didn't write down the units of measurement in a test paper, he could ensure that he lost ten marks for it.

There were times when he deliberately wrote the paper in a slovenly hand, and five marks or so might be taken off for it.

Wang Ling didn't care about losing these sorts of marks at all.

On the contrary, units of measurement and whatnot were nothing more than a means of keeping his scores down.

Sun Rong then copied down several questions in an exercise book.

She didn't copy the exact questions, but changed some of the variables.

At last, she pushed the exercise book in front of Wang Ling. "Classmate Wang Ling, these are the questions you got wrong; can you do them one more time?"

Gazing at the exercise book, Wang Ling sank into silence.





Chapter 1083 A Tragedy Caused By Questions With Multiple Answers


Of course Wang Ling could do these questions, but the problem he faced now was how to make reasonable mistakes.

So, should he follow procedure or outright say that didn't know how to do it?

Wang Ling pondered.

Gazing at Wang Ling's stressed expression, Sun Rong became even more puzzled... It was just a question which he had gotten wrong before. Did he have to be so nervous?

She failed to notice that Wang Ling didn't seem to be in a very good frame of mind, which could create huge dread during an exam. Some people became deeply suspicious when faced with a question that they had gotten wrong before; they would always wonder if they had counted wrongly, and they would repeatedly change their answers.

But in the end, it wasn't uncommon to calculate the wrong answer.

"Classmate Wang Ling, take deep breaths. There's no need to be so nervous. If you're just a little more careful, you can definitely solve it," Sun Rong encouraged him.

Not all boys got such treatment, and sure enough, after her encouragement, Wang Ling could already detect turmoil in their surroundings...

It might look like there was only him and Sun Rong in the classroom, but that wasn't the case. Around and even above the classroom were countless eyes and ears that were focused on them... This was what Wang Ling was finding truly troublesome.

Actually, it wasn't the extra lessons with Sun Rong that was scary - the scariest was Sun Rong's innate appeal to guys, which caused Wang Ling to pull a lot of aggro over.

As she encouraged Wang Ling, some of the boys who were secretly watching them already couldn't stay still with their envy.

More than ten boys were lying on the floor one level above and using the Ground Monitoring Spell to eavesdrop on the content of the tutoring session. When the sound of Sun Rong's sweet voice came through, one of the boys pounded the floor resentfully... and instantly created a small crack in it.

"What's that sound?" Sun Rong raised her head suspiciously. The level above them was empty, and there shouldn't be anyone there.

Could it be her bodyguards?

Ever since the Shadow Stream incident, her bodyguards had basically become her shadow, and there were times when they would inadvertently make noise.

Forget it - what was more important now was to tutor Classmate Wang Ling!

Sun Rong was full of questions, but finally, she focused her attention again on Wang Ling.

After waiting for a few minutes, and seeing that Wang Ling remained motionless, Sun Rong sighed slightly, then closed the exercise book and put it to one side. Instead, she took out a test paper full of multiple choice questions. "Classmate Wang Ling, how about this: we'll put aside the calculation questions first. You're so nervous that it's easy to make mistakes. Why don't you do some multiple choice questions first to relax?"

Sun Rong's voice was very soft and gentle, and every single boy lying on the floor upstairs felt an unbearable itch in their hearts. In the end, they grew unhappy as they continued to eavesdrop.

"This despicable fellow! He has this chance and he's still acting contrary! My goddess is speaking to him and he's just ignoring her!"

"Yeah! If only she would say one word to me!"

These boys lying on the ground had envious looks on their faces, but very soon, they sensed that there was something wrong with the atmosphere.

Teenagers were unusually sensitive to the sour smell of someone else's romance. Long before this, there had been a rumor that Sun Rong and this Classmate Wang Ling had gone on a date... With this one-on-one tutoring session now, their minds were naturally filled with all kinds of thoughts.

"Wang Ling and Sun Rong dated before... Do you think he isn't speaking now because he's wondering how to confess his feelings?"

"Confess?" The boys pondered this and felt that the situation wasn't quite right. They looked nervous and broke out in a cold sweat - indeed, it was possible that a boy who didn't speak for so long was trying to figure out the words to use in his confession.

Since these boys were from the other classes, they actually didn't know much about Wang Ling's personality. Back when they heard that Sun Rong and Wang Ling were dating, they unanimously believed that it was Wang Ling who had pestered Sun Rong into going out... It was Classmate Sun Rong who was unable to turn him down!

"I never expected this bro to actually be so sly." The boys were petrified as they came up with a possibility.

Then, was it possible that this Classmate Wang Ling hadn't found an opportunity to confess on the date, and so had deliberately performed badly in the mid-term exams so that Sun Rong would tutor him?

Beast! What a great plan!

The boys lying on the ground clenched their fists silently.

On the other side, to ease the stress of doing problems, Sun Rong chose a multiple choice question which Wang Ling had gotten wrong before.

Hm... Of course Wang Ling knew the correct answer to this question.

It was just that he chose all Cs for the multiple choice exam questions.

Relying on multiple choice questions was also a trick Wang Ling frequently used to keep his scores down.

What Wang Ling liked to do most were the questions with more than one correct answer, since the rule was that marks would be awarded only if all the correct answers were chosen, and none if even one was wrong. This way, he didn't have to be so meticulous in making mistakes; he could deliberately choose a correct option and a wrong option, and thus answer the question incorrectly.

And now, the first question Wang Ling was faced with required him to choose all the correct answers.

[Multiple choice question with more than one answer] Question: A male and female cultivator enter the Universe Cave. The female cultivator was badly injured in a major battle. After checking her injuries, the male cultivator determined that the female cultivator has two wounds. One is an external injury caused by an Iron-Eating Beast and the other is from when the female cultivator was scratched by thorns of an unknown origin; both are poisonous. However, the female cultivator isn't dead yet. In this situation, how should the injury be dealt with?: ( ___ )

A. Help suck out the poison from the female cultivator's wounds and wrap them after applying medicine.

B. Use the Drawing Blood Spell to drain off the poisonous blood as well as the Blood Production Spell to produce clean, new blood inside the body.

C. Use a purification magic artifact to purify the blood.

D. Dual cultivate with the female cultivator to expel the poison through the sweat glands.

Although this question looked very complicated, it was actually very easy.

Actually, Wang Ling already had his own thoughts when he looked at it.

The biggest reason why the female cultivator hadn't died yet was that the two different toxins clashed with each other.

The toxins from both the thorns and the Iron-Eating Beast were lethal, but they neutralized each other, and conversely could co-exist inside the body. If the female cultivator's wounds weren't treated, she probably wouldn't die, but the spiritual quality of her spirit root would be contaminated, resulting in her losing a great deal of her cultivation.

Option A seemed doable, but was actually fatal. Since the wounds were in two different places, sucking out one poison would instead cause the other one to seize the advantage and ultimately break the balance of the toxins inside the body.

This option could be directly crossed out.

The second option, Option B, was also incorrect.

Using the Drawing Blood Spell and the Blood Production Spell was feasible, but only in cases of mild poisoning; it couldn't be used in lethal cases. This was because it took a very long time to cast these two spells, which would be very hard for the male cultivator to accomplish on his own. The best was if there were two people: one to drain the blood and one to produce it - this was the most suitable method, which wouldn't waste time.

After A and B were crossed out, only C and D were left.

Most students would directly make a choice after reading to this point, but this was precisely the trap of questions with one or more correct answers!

In a question with one or more correct answers, there could be multiple correct answers or just one!

As for this question, Option C, which met all the conditions, was actually wrong as well!

A purification magic artifact could indeed be used to treat lethal poison, but the enemy that the two cultivators had gone up against was an Iron-Eating Beast, which devoured magic artifacts in particular! Hence, it was very likely that the magic artifacts on them were damaged! So, Option C wasn't feasible at all!

In the end, Wang Ling could only look at Option D.

"Dual cultivation..." Wang Ling murmured.

Sun Rong immediately gave a nod. Just as she was about to congratulate Wang Ling on getting the right answer, there was suddenly a rumbling sound from above.

"Who?! Who wants to dual cultivate with Classmate Sun Rong?! Wang Ling, you scumbag, come out and face your death!" The boys from the other classes worked together to smash through the floor and drop from the ceiling...





Chapter 1084 You Should Know Your Place


Wang Ling could of course deliberately choose the wrong options, but he knew that if he chose the correct answer, this bunch of bros wouldn't be able to help charging down through the ceiling.

And so, with the collapse of the ceiling, the one-on-one tutoring session which had just started, came to a stop.

The room was swamped with bodyguards from Huaguo Water Curtain Group and a bunch of school security guards led by Old Li as soon as they received word. The commotion had been so loud that the school guards and bodyguards thought that there had been an explosion in the classroom, and they had immediately panicked. Carried anti-explosive magic treasures, they poured into the classroom, and it was packed with people in an instant. Wang Ling and Sun Rong were crammed together in the center of the crowd and couldn't budge an inch.

Everything only calmed down over ten minutes later.

Lao Gudong was still on the night shift at school and marking test papers. He chastised those boys severely for damaging school property.

"Troublemakers!" Lao Gudong glared at these boys from other classes.

They were Senior Grade Three students and were Wang Ling and Sun Rong's seniors. Thus, the essence of the spells they cast was purer as well as more destructive. Although Number 60 High wasn't a city key high school at the moment, its students this time were better than previous batches.

Lao Gudong knew some of the boys; one of them was even a member of the student union. Now that they had committed an offense, however, Lao Gudong would naturally treat them all equally and strictly.

A student leader who had erred would usually receive heavier punishment.

Lao Gudong swept his gaze over them and deliberately lowered his voice. Honestly speaking, he wasn't used to being the bad guy. "Do you know how dangerous your behavior was... Without prior instructions from a teacher, you are forbidden to use magic in the school building. Isn't this written in the rules in the high school student handbook? Did you memorize the rule or not when you started school?!"

The school building was made from special construction materials, and it absolutely wasn't a shoddy job. As long as magic wasn't involved, it was basically impossible to damage the walls and floors of the school building. Lao Gudong could thus tell that these boys had most likely used some sort of trick.

A boy stepped forward. "Lao Gudong... I just gathered some power together."

"So? The Power Gathering Spell is also magic!" Lao Gudong glared at this quibbling student. "You! Give me a 5,000-word self-reflection by tomorrow!"

"Ah?" The boy felt a bit wronged.

"So we can't gather strength, but Classmates Wang Ling and Sun Rong are allowed to dual cultivate?"

"You, a 10,000-word reflection!" The corners of Lao Gudong's mouth twitched as he stared at this student.

"Why?" The second boy refused to accept it.

"Because of your dirty thoughts! They were having an academic discussion!" Lao Gudong showed the boys the multiple choice question which Wang Ling had just done, and they lowered their heads.

They couldn't do anything but take the blame.

Their thinking had indeed been dirty.

"They are now in the second half of Senior Grade One; it's very normal for them to take extra lessons after school together. As for all of you, you're already in Senior Grade Three. Your energy should be focused on your studies!" Lao Gudong looked at those boys and said meaningfully, "As students, you should know your place."

The Grade Three students: "..."

"I don't care whether you did wrong or not. In any case, you're at fault right now. Since you're wrong, you have to change! As for how to change, that's your problem! Find your own reasons..."

Bombarded with Ming's Principle1, these male students finally surrendered.

1(From when actor Huang Xiaoming joined the Chinese reality show "Chinese Restaurant," and was criticized for his overbearing and unreasonable behavior when he acted as head chef ..) "Alright, teacher... we were wrong... We shouldn't have stayed back after school and gone upstairs to eavesdrop on them..."

"Mm, quite sincere." Lao Gudong nodded his head. "What spells did you use upstairs?"

"Only the Ground Monitoring Spell and the Power Gathering Spell."

"What levels are you at with these two spells?"

"These are compulsory spells, so we usually practice them together. We're already proficient, and will reach level six soon."

"Oh? The ongoing energy consumption for these two spells isn't small. Don't you feel tired?"

"We don't, teacher... thank you for thinking of us. Our main task in Grade Three is to improve our endurance with each spell we use, to avoid something like failing to cast spells or create clones during an exam because we don't have enough spirit energy."

The leader of these Grade Three boys replied in a deferential manner. He spoke in a low voice and with a modest attitude, and thought that he could move Lao Gudong this way so that they could avoid being punished.

But Lao Gudong wasn't buying this trick. Eavesdropping on a study session was a minor issue, but damaging school property was too much. Even if they went without disciplinary punishment, they still had to write the reflection.

"Oh, if you aren't tired, then each one of you write a 20,000-word reflection. Give it to me tomorrow."

"..."

...

On the other side, Wang Ling was finally able to get away thanks to the classroom ceiling falling down. Usually in a situation like this, most people would think that they didn't need to go to school tomorrow... but the truth was that this was a very foolish and naïve notion.

The school building was made of special restorative clay. With the help of magic, the collapsed ceiling would be restored.

It was just that it was a little troublesome to clean up the classroom, but this job would naturally be given to the Grade Three boys who had broken the rules.

At that moment, Wang Ling was walking toward the school gates with his hands in his pockets. Following behind him, Sun Rong was hesitating over the words she wanted to say.

Since no one was around, Sun Rong felt that this might be a good chance.

"Classmate Wang Ling... I..." Finally, she opened her mouth.

In front, Wang Ling stopped and half-turned to gaze at her, his hands still in his pockets.

The girl's face was completely red, as if she was restraining herself. The words were clearly already on the tip of the tongue, but she just didn't have the courage to say them.

One reason for this had to do with her personality; she had been doted on since young, and had calmly rejected countless suitors. She never thought that there would be a day when she would understand what it felt like to be rejected.

Would she feel lost?

Or full of utter despair?

It might be both...

It was for this very reason that right at that moment, Sun Rong felt herself being caught up in the vortex known as youth. She didn't know if this was love, but she was certain that this might be what it felt like to like someone.

Sun Rong...

You can do it...

You have to say it!

Say it in a loud voice!

Tell the young man in front of you everything that you're feeling!

"Classmate Wang Ling!"

The girl plucked up her courage and said again, "I..."

Wang Ling: "???"

"I..."

"..."

"I... I also think crispy noodle snacks taste good!"

"Mm..." Wang Ling nodded and sighed with relief inwardly. Turning back around, he started off for home without looking back.

Sun Rong's heart was crushed at that moment.

She threw her bag to the ground with a "pia" sound!

Why were the words she said completely different to what was in her heart?!

Damn it!





Chapter 1085 Flowers Might Bloom Again, But A Person Will Never Be Young Again


According to general survey data in Huaxiu nation, the number of single cultivators in the country was increasing year by year. Currently, there were already more than one billion single people, and this was just for Huaxiu; when it came to the whole world, the number of single people might be even more extreme.

A more detailed investigation revealed all sorts of reasons for why they were single.

Based on poll results, the top three reasons people remained single were...

1) Addicted to staying single.

2) Unwilling to settle for second best.

3) Realms and strength weren't compatible, so it wasn't a good match.

The first reason, which was the one with the most votes, was actually pretty easy to explain.

Addicted to staying single.

After a person was single for a long time, they would indeed become used to the single life, and thus would develop a mental aversion to being in a relationship. This was a psychological thing, especially when a person became older and passed the adolescent age of being easily agitated - they were even less likely to be hot-blooded and impulsive about relationships. After they grew up, the social environment caused them to have complicated feelings about their younger years. Even if they decided to get into a relationship, they would still take many factors into consideration.

So rather than being bogged down by the details, they might as well not bother with a relationship...

When it came to dating, you spent a lot more, your freedom was compressed to a certain extent, and your everything would be shared with your other half.

People who weren't used to these inconveniences would rather be single. Over time, they would realize that being single was really good! This was especially true of those with failed relationships - they felt that being single was much more comfortable.

The second reason was that they were unwilling to settle for second best.

It was actually very easy to understand this reason.

After all, as long as they were bothered to maintain their physique and appearance, cultivators could look forever young. When female cultivators didn't have to worry about their looks fading with age, they were naturally even more hopeful of finding their Mr Right. The same was true of male cultivators, who felt that they could wait for something better; they believed they could find their fated person, and so were unwilling to settle for second best.

And so, both male and female cultivators would dilly-dally for longer and longer, until they finally became addicted to being single...

As for the third reason in the poll, it was in fact pretty easy to understand.

Matchmaking had been a thing since ancient times.

But in a cultivation world, matchmaking didn't simply refer to equal material things - compatible realms were also very important. According to marriage laws in the cultivation world, the gap between two cultivators couldn't be more than two different realms. For example, Golden Core cultivators couldn't date cultivators at the Body Condensation stage or above the Soul Formation stage.

This was because if the gap between realms was too large, problems might easily occur when two cultivators started dating.

For cultivators, age was no longer an issue when it came to dating. Even if it was a difference of a few hundred years, it was acceptable as long as they liked each other. However, they still had to abide by the rule about realms.

Accidents had occurred before, when cultivators who didn't listen to advice started dating despite the large realm difference.

Like the kiss of death...

There was once a case of a Soul Formation cultivator who fell in love with a Body Condensation cultivator, but because the difference in realms was so large, the Soul Formation cultivator sucked out the tongue of the Body Condensation cultivator when they kissed...

Hm...

In short, there were many reasons for remaining single.

On the way home this time, Wang Ling had mixed feelings.

Pensive, he looked up information to do with the single people survey on his cell phone.

Wang Ling had his own reasons for considering himself a very sensitive person from a young age.

It was precisely because of this that he knew what Sun Rong's feelings were...

Unfortunately, he had actually been deprived of the right to love, based on current marriage laws.

So instead of thinking about these impossible things, Wang Ling felt that he might as well focus on the present, study hard, and do his best to find a way to completely control his power.

Flowers might bloom again, but a person would never be young again.

The truth was that Wang Ling had long anticipated that many people would confess to him when he was a teenager.

So, as early as when he was in junior high, he created a spell called Single's Curse, which he cast on himself.

Note: this spell has no effect on people who are already married.

The specific way the spell worked was also very simple: If he ran into someone who suddenly wanted to confess to him, the words she said would have nothing to do with what was in her heart at all.

Since Wang Ling had randomly come up with this spell when he was in junior high, it wasn't free of bugs.

But this was a passive spell, and Wang Ling couldn't say for sure what the bug was until the effects of the spell were demonstrated after it was cast. Just like for an electronic program, monkey coders had to constantly run tests to discover the holes and fix them bit by bit.

And Wang Ling could only go through junior high with the people around him confessing to him in order to spark the effects of Single's Curse, before he could fill in the gaps of his spell one by one.

He calculated that after he developed Single's Curse, no less than twenty people had tried to confess to him since junior high, and he had repeatedly tweaked Single's Curse twenty times.

The glaring holes in the spell had basically already been filled in, and there might still be some minor ones...

When Sun Rong tried to confess to him just now, that was the twenty-first time that the spell Single's Curse was triggered.

Sitting in the spirit bus on the way home, Wang Ling sighed. It looked like he would have to keep an eye on Sun Rong's reaction tomorrow.

He had already refined Single's Curse twenty times, so there should no longer be any major problems with it.

Wang Ling remembered that when Single's Curse was first developed, it had contained a massive bug: after Single's Curse was triggered, a temporary curse would be placed on the person who had confessed... It ultimately turned into an infectious curse spell, and was transmitted in a very simple way: as long as there was skin-to-skin contact, a person would be infected by Single's Curse.

Ultimately, this spell directly led to an "excellent" atmosphere in Wang Ling's junior high days prior to his graduation: in the whole junior high school, no one started dating, and all the students studied diligently.

In the end, even the younger school teachers didn't date, and were all obsessed with their teaching jobs.

The junior high school which Wang Ling had chosen was actually very ordinary - just like his reason for choosing Number 60 High, his biggest objective was to keep a low profile.

But it was precisely because of Wang Ling's Single's Curse that everyone became obsessed with studying.

Their junior high school's ranking soared directly from the very bottom all the way to the top three in the entire city.

The year Wang Ling graduated, an exception had already been made for his junior high as it was upgraded to a key city junior high school...





Chapter 1086 Wang Ling's Observation


It was destined to be a sleepless night. Every time Single's Curse's passive effect was triggered, Wang Ling was always worried about there being new bugs.

Elsewhere, Sun Rong, who was lying in her 50-meter large bed, was also in deep thought and regretting her confession today. She had summoned up the courage to speak up, but when she opened her mouth, it turned out to be something else.

Ah... Luckily, there had been no one around, otherwise it would have been too humiliating!

Sun Rong buried her face in a pillow and kicked around on the bed with her long legs.

5th November was the second day of the semester at Number 60 High.

The news spread in class that several Senior Grade Three students had interrupted the one-on-one study sessions and had made a hole in the ceiling... Although the ceiling had been repaired overnight, many people were still praising them inwardly: Good job!

Wang Ling: "..."

It turned out that it was too easy to pull aggro when studying with Sun Rong... But this clearly wouldn't stop Old Pan's plan from proceeding. Wang Ling wondered if he should raise his marks slightly instead of keeping it down to the average in the next test. This way, the one-on-on study sessions could carry on with someone else: Wang Ling could free himself from the annoyance of staying back after school for extra lessons, and give this glorious, great learning opportunity to the next unlucky fool.

It was Lao Gudong's history class in the morning.

After being apart over the summer break, the students had missed him.

When that familiar figure stepped into the classroom, everyone's eyes unblinkingly started to look Lao Gudong up and down.

"Why do I feel that Lao Gudong has lost some weight?"

The class silently examined Lao Gudong's round figure, and were astonished to discover that Lao Gudong seemed much thinner after the summer break.

"I heard that Lao Gudong did some volunteer teaching over the summer break," someone in the know finally said.

"Volunteer teaching?"

"Mm... I heard it's a very poor place. Our city will organize teachers to do volunteer teaching every year. This year, it was Number 60 High's turn, along with several other high schools in the Peiyuan district, to send teachers. Lao Gudong was one of them. He did it for half a month," the student said. "In addition to volunteer teaching, the school also raised funds to buy school supplies like textbooks and spirit swords for teaching which you can't find in rural areas."

When this classmate said this, everyone couldn't help sighing in their hearts. Huaxiu had always been regarded as a prosperous and powerful nation since its founding, but this development wasn't spread out evenly given the inherent geographical disadvantages of some poor areas. The motherland was prosperous, but it had to be admitted that the gap between the rich and poor still existed.

"Everyone..." Lao Gudong stood on the dais. After returning from his volunteer teaching, his heart was filled with mixed emotions. Half a month of volunteer teaching was very short, but it was enough for Lao Gudong to experience the poverty in the countryside. "I'm sure everyone knows that half a month ago, I went to West Sea village in West Sea county to do volunteer teaching."

"This volunteer teaching operation is part of a volunteer teaching campaign which the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools launched many years ago, and it actually doesn't only run during the winter and summer holidays. Every day, schools in thriving cities will organize for their teachers to take turns to do volunteer teaching in various places. This volunteer teaching has greatly improved the level of cultivation education in our country's impoverished areas, and is also an immense help to children in these poor areas."

"It was definitely tough, right, teacher?"

"I would be lying if I said it wasn't," Lao Gudong replied with a wry smile. "The terrain is harsh in these areas, so the teachers who do this volunteer teaching have to be on average above the Golden Core stage, or it could be very dangerous. Because of the highly acidic nature of the underground spiritual veins, the residents in these areas have to endure harsh conditions."

"Can't they move to a big city?" Chen Chao asked.

"They've lived here for generations, and their physiques have adapted to the environment. Outsiders can't live in this place, while residents also cannot move elsewhere as they won't be able to easily adapt to a new environment. If volunteer teachers teach in such dangerous territory over a long period of time, it will have a huge impact on their health, which is why the volunteer teaching locations move around."

Lao Gudong said, "Due to these unique geographical conditions, local residences can't easily expand outward, while outsiders also can't settle down and establish a commercial foothold, and the region's economy thus falls behind over time. There are many other places like West Sea village that have this sort of harsh terrain.

"But the underground spiritual veins can't be changed, so our country has to intervene in other ways to promote economic development in poor areas, such as launching spirit power missiles into the sky that can suppress the strong acidity to stabilize the situation for a period of time.

"Another example is to make use of the unique acidic nature of the underground veins and turn the strength of this corrosive acid into an energy source. Like in the West Sea village where I went, the villagers are very savvy at decomposing rubbish. Their houses all have a garbage chute that runs straight into the ground. Everyday household waste is thrown inside this garbage chute and is immediately and completely decomposed by the highly acidic spiritual veins... In a sense, this is also one way to protect the environment."

"You worked hard, teacher; you lost weight..." At that moment, someone finally raised the main issue.

"Actually, the main reason why I lost weight isn't due to the volunteer teaching... But because there weren't any snack shops in that place! I finished all the latiao I brought with me on the first day! It wasn't enough at all!" Lao Gudong cried up a storm.

Everyone: "..."

...

In this history lesson, Lao Gudong used the subject of his volunteer teaching to raise a very important assessment point: underground spiritual veins.

Underground spiritual veins were a special sort of energy reserve hidden in the depths of the earth. It didn't have substance, but circulated in a particular location like a flowing dragon.

Cultivators often chose the best feng shui spot for when they went into seclusion, and many relied on calculating the location of underground spiritual veins to do so.

There were large and small underground spiritual veins, and they had different attributes. The spiritual veins under big cities undoubtedly contained massive energy. This was especially true of the spiritual vein under Jinghua, the capital.

After class, Lao Gudong gave each student a reference list of the locations of every underground spiritual vein that had appeared throughout history. These were compulsory test points for the next monthly exam. For the exam, ten spiritual veins would be randomly selected from the hundreds on the list, and students would have to respond with which historical period these spiritual veins appeared in as well as what their attributes were before the answers could be considered correct.

After helping Lao Gudong hand out the reference lists and forms, Sun Rong couldn't help but look in Wang Ling's direction.

Yesterday's confession... had in fact been a little embarrassing...

She had no idea what Wang Ling thought about it. She was going to sneak a look at him, but didn't expect to see that he was also looking at her...





Chapter 1087 Number One


When he sensed Sun Rong's gaze, Wang Ling quickly looked away and pretended that he was taking a casual look out the window.

But in any case, he had definitely been careless just now, and hadn't completely guarded against Sun Rong's line of sight.

Wang Ling was indeed secretly observing Sun Rong.

He wasn't looking at Sun Rong's face, of course, but observing her reactions. Once Single's Curse was triggered, the effects of the curse would only disappear after a full three days, meaning that if there was a spell bug, it would show up in these three days.

So Wang Ling was curious as well as concerned that a bug might appear on Sun Rong at any moment.

...

He was apprehensive all morning, but everything was fine so far and Sun Rong still wasn't showing any reactions.

Wang Ling sighed with relief. Maybe the bug in Single's Curse was completely fixed. After all, he had tinkered with it around twenty times already; Wang Ling felt that there shouldn't be anything wrong with it anymore.

He was probably worrying over nothing.

After the reference lists of spiritual veins were given out in the morning history lesson, Teacher Pan unexpectedly mentioned the spiritual veins once more in the Dao talisman lesson in the afternoon.

Everyone tensed up.

They didn't even have to think about it to know that anything related to the spiritual veins might be a key assessment point in the test next month.

Since the beginning of an era of spiritual qi, cultivators in various countries had discovered more and more underground spiritual veins. These spiritual veins could be divided into five levels, and those at the fifth level, which was the highest level, were also known as heavenly veins.

At present, more than one thousand heavenly veins had been detected around the world. They were scattered all over the globe, some of them even hidden at the bottom of the deep sea.

The heavenly veins in Huaxiu accounted for 20% of the total number. Thriving cities basically all sat on heavenly veins and relied on them to grow.

The heavenly veins were an important energy source for cities.

A high-level underground spiritual vein could renew itself; in other words, the underground spiritual vein could theoretically never run dry, but only if there was a balance between supply and consumption. In the current era of national cultivation, cultivators were consuming more and more of the energy from spiritual veins year by year... no matter how many spiritual veins there were, they would be overwhelmed in the long run.

"The problem which human cultivators have struggled with since time immemorial is the search for a means of sustainable development which must protect the environment at the same time." Teacher Pan put her hands on the dais, her gaze extremely solemn. A lot of the students didn't expect Teacher Pan's class today to be on such a profound topic.

This topic had little to do with the Dao talisman course, but teachers-in-charge also had to consider the spiritual and moral education of their students. Therefore, Teacher Pan wouldn't hesitate to use some of her class hours to guide students in building a foundation comprised of the correct values.

In any case, there were still a lot of PE lessons this semester.

She was bringing up the underground spiritual veins today not only because Lao Gudong had broached the topic in the morning, but also because a criminal gang which specialized in plundering underground spiritual veins for profit had recently emerged.

The structure of this organization was very strict, and the division of labor was clear. This was probably the most dangerous criminal gang now, following the downfall of Immortal Mansion.

"Plundering the spiritual veins is a road that leads only to death. Once you're caught, you won't even qualify to go to prison - you'll be given the death penalty right away," Teacher Pan said gravely. "If a spiritual vein is plundered dry and the power source is cut off, it's not only a huge blow to the regional economy, but also has a severe impact on the living environment of cultivators. The most vital point, moreover, is that the barrier around every city is built on a spiritual vein. Once an underground spiritual vein is plundered, this will affect the stability of the barrier and put the city at huge risk."

"Teacher, do we know who the ringleader of this organization is?"

"From the joint investigation of various police departments throughout the country, the ringleader of this organization is currently the new number one figure in the Dark Network, but what we know about him at the moment is very little; we have yet to precisely determine this person's identity and abilities, and can only make a rough guess as to what they look like. At present, this criminal suspect who plunders spiritual veins has been given the codename Number One by the police. I'm sure it won't be long before this person is caught."

...

Plundering spiritual veins...

It wasn't that Wang Ling never thought that such a lunatic would appear.

But underground spiritual veins weren't that easy to find. They were buried very deep, almost close to the earth's core; an ordinary person wouldn't be able to touch them at all.

At present, high-precision magic treasures were used to penetrate the earth to mine the energy of the spiritual veins. These high-precision magic treasures for gathering energy had their own independent energy bases and were heavily guarded.

Collecting the energy of underground spiritual veins was extremely dangerous work; if an energy base exploded, disaster would befall the entire city.

But this sort of situation basically wouldn't happen, given the energy bases' defensive measures.

This gang could actually mine underground spiritual veins with their bare hands; they definitely had their own special means.

After hearing what Teacher Pan said in class, Wang Ling also quietly thought this in his heart.

It hadn't been very peaceful recently. He had just helped Wang Nuan sort out her mess when this group of strange people popped up to mine spiritual veins.

Elsewhere, Zhuo Yi hadn't made the slightest headway in Bai Youquan's trial.

The word was that Bai Youquan was very tough, and refused to leak a single word.

His memories had been so jumbled up by Fate Dao, that even when the police forcibly plucked out his memories, they still didn't extract any useful information.

But with Bai Youquan's arrest, the black soldier army seemed to calm down recently and no longer made any drastic moves.

But that was what worried Wang Ling and Zhuo Yi the most.

It was the calm before the storm - they had already been through too much.

The lack of activity was by no means a sign of peace - it was very likely that an even bigger conspiracy was brewing in the wings.

...

When school was nearly over for the day, Wang Ling slipped into the bathroom, ready to cast a teleportation spell and leave earlier.

If he continued to remain at school for the extra lessons with Sun Rong, who knew what other strange things might happen...

But just as Wang Ling was about to slip away, he heard a male student's voice in the hallway.

"Classmate Sun Rong!"

Wang Ling's eyes followed the voice. Through the King's Eye, he saw a boy from the next class standing in front of Sun Rong with an entirely red face, who seemed to have summoned up great courage.

"Is he going to confess..." Wang Ling raised his eyebrows.

This wasn't the first time Wang Ling had seen this kind of scene.

Since the start of the year, many male students had confessed to Sun Rong one after another.

This mentality of biting the bullet with their confession while knowing that they would be rejected was beyond Wang Ling's reach.

Sun Rong herself seemed to like being confessed to.

Just as she was about to give the boy a good guy card1, the boy, who initially wanted to confess his feelings, suddenly roared, "Sun Rong! I hate you! I hate you the most! I beg you, don't appear in front of me again!"

1(In this context, it refers to when a girl says Something polite to refuse a boy who confesses to her.) Everyone: "???"





Chapter 1088 Protect Lotus Society and Warrior Union


Wang Ling never expected that what he was most concerned about would actually happen... Plus, it happened so suddenly that it caught him off guard.

It was just that this Single's Curse bug wasn't as complicated as the previous ones.

Looking at the current situation, the bug had probably infected the next person to confess, but wasn't as widespread as the most serious infection the last time. This time, it spread in one direction — that was to say, it started with Sun Rong, and when Student A confessed to Sun Rong, the curse would be passed on to Student A. Then, if Student B confessed to Student A, the curse would be passed on to Student B.

Thus, after discovering what the problem caused by the curse was, Wang Ling's first response was to have a look at what this guy who had confessed looked like.

He was actually quite good-looking; he was elegant and had clean and fair skin, and was probably the type that little girls liked.

In other words, it was possible that someone else would confess to this bro...

Wang Ling couldn't help but sigh inwardly.

A confession... more like a game which members of the Appearance Society played all year round.

If this Single's Curse was attached to an ordinary-looking person, there was basically no possibility of it being passed on to others...

This bug was actually very simple; it wouldn't cause especially severe damage, and it wouldn't continue to spread as long as no one confessed to this bro in the next three days.

But Wang Ling was still cautious and silently planned to keep this brother under observation.

...

The next day, 6th November, this bro who had yelled he disliked Sun Rong in public became an absolutely hot topic.

He was revered as a "warrior" and his name began to spread in every class.

"My god, this Xia Ming really has the nerve. Yesterday, he told Sun Rong he hated her to her face. I guess he doesn't want to continue studying in Number 60 High."

"Hey hey hey, really? When did this happen? Why haven't I heard about it?"

"You left too quickly after school yesterday and missed the show. Classmate Sun Rong was stunned at first, and I heard that she got so angry that her face turned red!"

"..."

Wang Ling learned that bro's name from the discussion in class.

Xia Ming...

Of course, Wang Ling didn't believe that Sun Rong was narrow-minded enough to do anything to Xia Ming for his rudeness yesterday. But if Xia Ming really suffered "retaliation," Wang Ling would still make a move.

After all, this had happened because of him, and it was his responsibility to deal with subsequent issues and the aftermath.

He would have to see how this thing developed.

Early in the morning, Number 60 High's little gossip expert Guo Hao arrived at school and waited for Sun Rong to come to class to ask about the situation.

Since she was the second party involved in the incident with Xia Ming yesterday, what her classmates cared about the most was her attitude toward it.

But unfortunately, it seemed that Sun Rong had asked for a leave of absence today - Classmate Sun Rong, who had always been punctual, unexpectedly didn't arrive at school on time.

"It's over, it looks like she's pretty angry." Collecting everyone's homework, Su Xiao gave a deep sigh. "Offending Classmate Sun Rong... He might be caught by her bodyguards and thrown into the river..."

Guo Hao was also baffled at the way things had turned out. "Can anyone tell me what Sun Rong's reaction was like yesterday? I left early and didn't see it! I heard from people in the other classes that she was so angry she almost exploded?"

"She's never been humiliated in public like that before - she definitely must have blown her top! I heard that her face was red all over and she left without saying a single word."

"Then, what about Xia Ming?"

"Xia Ming? After he was done speaking, he passed out on the spot."

"Passed out?" Everyone was taken aback. What kind of bizarre behavior was that?

After saying words that shook the heavens and made ghosts and gods weep, he had scared himself into passing out... This bro had talent!

"In short, neither Classmate Sun Rong nor Classmate Xia Ming have yet to give any sort of explanation after the incident yesterday. On the other hand, Classmate Xia Ming has won a large number of supporters. Currently, our school's Protect Lotus Society and the Warrior Union which supports Student Xia Ming are evenly-matched, and are unable to deal with each other." Su Xiao summarized the current situation.

Protect Lotus Society and Warrior Union...

These were two student organizations which had been set up after Sun Rong entered Number 60 High. As its name clearly suggested, the Protect Lotus Society was specially founded by a group of boys who didn't have the guts to confess to Sun Rong, but were willing to become her secret protectors and fans.

The Warrior Union was the complete opposite; they comprised a group of warriors who had already confessed to Sun Rong and were rejected...

So, the main reason the Warrior Union was set up was to wreak havoc.

Any guy who had a connection with Sun Rong would suffer retaliation.

For example, those senior boys from Wang Ling and Sun Rong's one-on-one tutoring session last time were members of the Warrior Union.

Their attitude was quite clear.

If they couldn't get the person they wanted, then no one else could!

At the same time, their attitude toward Sun Rong was ambivalent: they liked her at first, and then hated her after being rejected. It was a very complicated mix of love and hate.

Yesterday, Xia Ming from the class next door had accomplished a magnificent feat which shook the heavens and made ghosts and gods weep; it instantly roused the feelings of the bunch in the Warrior Union.

If things carried on like this, Wang Ling reckoned that Xia Ming would soon become the president of the Warrior Union.

...

Xia Ming and Fang Xing were from the same class, Class Two, and no one was clearer about Xia Ming's situation than Fang Xing.

Xia Ming had been "gathering strength" for an entire semester, and had finally summoned his courage to confess to Sun Rong - he never thought that the words he said would actually be the complete opposite of what was in his heart.

Xia Ming was crushed, and felt as if he had been bewitched.

As a result, he didn't dare speak at all, and for one moment, even thought about transferring schools.

Fang Xing saw all this.

In fact, he could almost guess the whole story.

He had come to Class Three's door several times to furtively gauge Wang Ling's reaction through the window, only to find Wang Ling as calm as usual.

How would this matter finally wrap up?

Fang Xing was curious.

He knew that Xia Ming's current condition was caused by a curse. The problem was that it was Wang Ling who had created this curse. Unless someone knew how this curse worked, no one would be able to dispel it.

Actually, it wasn't as if there was no way to dispel the curse.

Wang Ling just needed to confess to Xia Ming, and the curse would rebound off him, thus bringing this matter to an end.

But just thinking about it, there was absolutely no way that this would happen.

The words "love confession" didn't exist in Wang Ling's vocabulary.

Furthermore, Xia Ming was a boy.





Chapter 1089 Backward Confession


Although Xia Ming was revered as a warrior, he was now caught up in deep torment. He had gathered his strength for a whole semester to confess his feelings, but had dropped the ball at the critical moment... He didn't know why the words he wanted to say actually turned into that rubbish.

Xia Ming was now in a dilemma; he didn't want to be a warrior in the Warrior Union, and he still liked Sun Rong a lot. But the Warrior Union in school now revered him as a hero; if his feelings were exposed, these people might retaliate against him...

Xia Ming was preoccupied in class the whole day, and he experienced what only Classmate Sun Rong had ever experienced — the feeling of being in the spotlight at school.

If Number 60 High had its own list of top searches, Xia Ming would definitely be at the top, and there might even be the word "hot" next to his name.

But he had no idea when he would drop out of the list...

Xia Ming looked at Sun Rong's empty seat when he passed by Class Three during the break. He had heard earlier that it seemed Sun Rong had gone crazy with anger yesterday and hadn't come to school today.

Xie Ming hadn't thought it was that exaggerated, but realized that it was actually true when he passed by the classroom and had a look.

Of course, he didn't come to Class Three purely to look for Sun Rong...

...

The sudden appearance of the man of the moment in class during the break instantly caused quite the stir around Wang Ling.

"Isn't that Xia Ming..."

"The hero everyone's talking about from yesterday!"

Several people in class started to make a big fuss.

"I'm really sorry about yesterday..." Xia Ming walked to the dais and bowed to everyone in class. He knew what Sun Rong's status was like in Class Three — basically everyone liked her. After his brain fart yesterday, when he did that outrageous thing, the entire class definitely hated him. In order not to make more enemies, he had struggled for a very long time before plucking up his courage to apologize.

And this apology immediately won applause from the students in Class Three.

Xia Ming raised his face suspiciously, and looked a little lost.

Chen Chao came over and hooked one arm around Xia Ming's neck. "Bro! Honestly speaking, I was awed by your awesome move yesterday! Who taught you how to chat up girls?"

Chat up girls?

Xia Ming: "???"

"There's never been anything that could make Classmate Sun Rong react so strongly." Chen Chao laughed. "Don't worry. I've asked about it, and she isn't angry. If she really was angry, her bodyguards would already have taken care of you on your way to school."

Wang Ling: "..."

What Chen Chao said was true. If Sun Rong really was angry, she didn't need to say a single word; given Huaguo Water Curtain Group's status, it would take no time at all to arrange for a student to be transferred to another school. And now that Chen Chao had opened his blessed mouth, this was more concrete proof that Sun Rong wasn't angry.

At least, that was what Wang Ling felt.

"How can you be so sure?" Guo Hao couldn't believe it, and for one moment, everyone in class gave Chen Chao curious looks.

"It's like this: Sun Rong has a childhood friend who's been training at my family's body technique dojo. I have her WeChat account, and I was talking to her about Classmate Sun just now. I didn't expect her childhood friend to tell me everything," said Chen Chao.

"What did she say..."

"She said that after Sun Rong returned home, her bodyguards saw her remain silent the whole time, and looked for her childhood friend to help talk to her. After talking for around two hours, her childhood friend realized that Sun Rong didn't really seem angry." Chen Chao rubbed his chin. "But she didn't tell me the details... In any case, one thing we can be somewhat sure of is that Classmate Sun Rong seems to like Xia Ming a little. Of course, it might not be 'like'! It might just be a good impression."

Wang Ling: "???"

Xia Ming: "???"

Everyone: "???"

As soon as Chen Chao said that, the whole class instantly started swearing.

In a flash, it was as if everyone seemed to understand the deal with what Xia Ming did yesterday.

As it turned out, it wasn't real dislike, but a backward confession in front of everyone!

So it was a backward confession to catch Classmate Sun Rong's attention, to try and use a novel way of expressing one's feelings!

Everyone was dumbfounded!

It wasn't just Class Three; when the students in the corridor who had gathered to look at the hero of the hour heard this, their jaws dropped open and there were awestruck expressions on their faces.

"My god, what kind of godly operation is that?" Everyone was completely shocked.

With this unexpected twist in events, Number 60 exploded once again.

It was normally very hard for this sort of scenario to happen in real life — maybe it was only those crack authors who wrote songs every day rather than update their novels, who stopped updating for no reason yet still acted shameless about it, who would come up with such a plot.

Thus, the whole school this time knew that Sun Rong actually liked Xia Ming...

After this twist, Xia Ming thought that the Warrior Union would retaliate against him. However, after they learned the truth, the Warrior Union bros all looked at him in worship! In an instant, Xia Ming became Number 60 High's love guru... During the afternoon recess, people came non-stop to consult him on confessing their feelings.

"Master Xia Ming! Please teach me how to pick up girls! We can't use this technique of yours!" A boy from another class approached him, a worshipful expression on his face. "I've been chasing a girl from another school. She can't be considered very beautiful, but is the tsundere sort. Master Xia Ming, please teach me the right way to confess my feelings. How should I confess so that I won't be rejected?"

"You should be brave..." Xia Ming had no idea how to respond.

After all, he himself had gotten lucky... who on earth could have known that his backward confession would conversely cause Sun Rong to have a good impression of him...

A second boy found him. "Master Xia! I have a big sister neighbor whom I've liked for a long time. She's very gentle, and what's more, she likes manga and cosplay! How should I make her think well of me?"

"You should be brave..." Xia Ming said.

A third boy found him. "Mr Xia Ming... Actually, I have a younger sister. Of course, my parents adopted her at an early age, and we actually aren't biologically related! I want to ask: Can I also be brave?"

"Hm... You should be brave, and then go and learn the criminal laws of our nation..." said Xia Ming.

"..."





Chapter 1090 Ways To Attract Attention


At lunch time, Wang Ling experienced what it was like to walk unimpeded into the canteen for the first time, as most of the boys had taken advantage of the lunch break to consult Xia Ming on relationship issues; there were thus less students in the canteen for food.

With less people to feed, the hands of the aunties who ladled out the food in the canteen were steady, and they just hoped that the students who did come for lunch would eat a little more. Otherwise, the leftovers would be collected into slop buckets and sent to the dragon pig breeders. The most horrific thing was that after the dragon pigs were grown and sold in the market, Zhai Yin would just turn them into poisonous pork chops again! It was truly a waste!

"All of you are still growing; how can you not eat?" Mother Juan asked a student why there were so few students in the canteen. Untying her apron, she went to look for Xia Ming and to drag people back to eat.

Five or six minutes later, a student who had obediently come for lunch before he was able to seek advice from Xia Ming said that Mother Juan had also fallen...

Everyone was petrified. "So Mother Juan actually still isn't married?"

A person in the know replied, "She was... but her old man didn't live long."

"Because of her black cuisine?"

"I heard it wasn't that - he was just in poor health, and didn't live long."

"..." Everyone was speechless.

Mother Juan looked like someone who brought her husband bad luck1...

1(Based on the traditional practice of reading one's fate from one's appearance.) ...

Wang Ling picked up a plate, and the old auntie who ladled out the food filled it with meat. Today's lunch was tomato with fried egg, braised meatballs in brown sauce, braised pork, stir-fried vegetables, and pork rib soup with white gourd.

Every time he saw braised meatballs in brown sauce or braised pork, Wang Ling had a habit of asking the auntie to pour some sauce on the rice to make it more delicious.

"Wang Ling, you eat so much every time, but why don't you put on weight?" Chen Chao was green with envy; he was a gym freak who also liked to eat meat, but he had to control his food intake. Otherwise, he would lose the figure he had so painstakingly cultivated and get fat again without knowing it. Boys like Chen Chao who cared especially about muscles usually paid attention to their body fat percentage.

So far, Chen Chao's body fat percentage was at a good level of 11%.

Wang Ling picked up a meatball with his chopsticks and put it in his mouth.

It was impossible to not gain weight after eating too much, but Wang Ling could rub it off; every time he put on weight, he would rub a little. Furthermore, this fat he rubbed off wasn't completely useless.

This was flesh which had been rubbed off Wang Ling's body; he stored this extra flesh inside his King's Eye space with the thought that if he got hurt some day, he could use it to fill his injury in an emergency.

But most unfortunately, there was not a single living creature in the universe so far that could hurt Wang Ling...

After surveying the fat that had been stored in the King's Eye space all these years, Wang Ling estimated that it weighed two hundred or so kilos, which was about as heavy as a pig...

During lunch, he saw Liu Qingyi and Wang Zhen eating at a table not far away, and it was quite a harmonious scene. From hearsay, the two of them quarreled practically every day at Wei Shi's place, and only quieted down at school because Wang Ling was there.

On the other side, Gu Shunzhi and Zhenyuan picked at their food as they sat at the table next to Wang Ling. They actually wanted to sit at the same table, but it was first come first served.

Blame Wang Ling for being more popular than they had imagined. Wherever he sat, Chen Chao, Guo Hao, Su Xiao and Fang Xing would basically follow and sit with him.

Today, three of the four had lunch with Wang Ling; it seemed that Su Xiao had gone to consult Xia Ming about love.

Halfway through the meal, Guo Hao suddenly started to gossip. "Wang Ling, are you really ok?"

Wang Ling: "???"

Guo Hao: "If Sun Rong really starts to like Xia Ming because of this, don't you have a lot to lose? She only has a good opinion of him at most right now. If you give it a shot now, you might still have a chance to win back her heart!"

"..." Wang Ling silently chewed the braised meat in his mouth.

If Xia Ming and Sun Rong became a couple in the end, he naturally wouldn't mind... That way, Sun Rong would shift all her attention from Wang Ling to Xia Ming.

To Wang Ling, Sun Rong was actually an outstanding young lady, but it was precisely because she was too remarkable and eye-catching that Wang Ling often felt uncomfortable.

Feelings couldn't be forced - everyone was free to choose who they liked.

Of course, everyone was also free to be liked by others.

"Does anybody want meat? If you want it, help yourself." Chen Chao had a few mouthfuls, and there was a lot left on his plate, since he still had to control his food intake today.

Guo Hao wasn't polite at all, and finished off all the meat on Chen Chao's plate.

"Why aren't you eating?" After taking Chen Chao's meat, Guo Hao glanced at Fang Xing.

Guo Hao realized that after Wang Ling, the most indecipherable person in Number 60 High was this Fang Xing from Class Two - he was a rather strange guy.

"No need - listening to your gossip made me full." Fang Xing crossed his fingers together and narrowed his eyes slightly as he smiled.

If Sun Rong and Xia Ming ended up together, he would raise both his hands and support them!

But as Wang Ling ate, he somehow felt that there was something wrong with the way things had turned out.

He recalled the conclusion that had come out of Chen Chao's blessed mouth regarding the relationship between Sun Rong and Xia Ming: At most, it was just a good impression, and wasn't necessarily "like."

The key point was: It wasn't necessarily "like"...

That was to say, Sun Rong may not necessarily like Xia Ming.

This blessed mouth hadn't come up with an official, final conclusion!

Wang Ling suddenly felt that things had become messy...

...

That afternoon, the female protagonist finally appeared.

All of Number 60 High was stirred up once again.

After wrestling fiercely with her thoughts all night, Sun Rong finally decided to face her heart.

After class in the afternoon, a bunch of people practically pushed Xia Ming toward Grade One, Class Three to face Sun Rong. There were students inside the class as well as students from other classes who packed the corridor, and the two of them flushed as they faced each other.

"Good luck, Master Xia Ming!"

"Support Xia Ming, get Sun Rong!"

The students caused a racket in the corridor.

Wang Ling sat in one corner of the classroom, quietly eating a melon.

He was genuinely eating a melon2.

2(As opposed to the "melon-eating" masses, i.e. onlookers.) Wang Ling had a habit of eating fruits after a meal. Today's fruit was watermelon, which Mother Wang had put in a lunchbox and given to him that morning. When he took it out, he cast a Freeze Spell and was instantly able to eat iced watermelon.

"Classmate Sun Rong..."

"Classmate Xia Ming..."

At that moment, Xia Ming and Sun Rong spoke at the same time.

Everyone's gazes started to drift between the two.

"You first!"

"You first!"

They spoke at the same time yet again!

Everyone yelled inwardly that this was probably going to be a good show... They were so compatible! They even spoke to the same beat!

"Then, I'll go first," Sun Rong said slowly, after sorting out her thoughts.

Xia Ming's legs almost gave out when he heard Sun Rong's words; no girl had ever confessed to him before. If Sun Rong really did confess to him and this was a dream, he would still wake up laughing!

"Classmate Sun Rong, go ahead." Xia Ming took a deep breath in that moment, and was already prepared to be confessed to.

Sun Rong looked at Xia Ming, a smile in her eyes. "Xia Ming, what you did yesterday... you were actually trying to catch my attention with this unique approach, right... Actually, I'm not angry."

Xia Ming: "I know..."

Sun Rong smiled. "So you don't have to apologize to me. In fact, it's all thanks to you, Classmate Xia Ming, that I was inspired!"

Xia Ming was startled. "Ah?"

Sun Rong took a deep breath to calm down.

To be honest, Xia Ming's novel confession yesterday had indeed inspired Sun Rong.

She had been trying to get a person's attention all this time...

But that person had always ignored her.

After wrestling with her thoughts for a night and a morning, Sun Rong was finally enlightened by Xia Ming's confession method.

With so many people watching, if she loudly declared in front of everyone that she hated Wang Ling, would that attract Wang Ling's attention?

She had already prepared her lines, most of which were copied from what Xia Ming said yesterday.

The lines were: Classmate Wang Ling! I hate you! I hate you the most! I beg you, don't appear in front of me again!

At that thought, Sun Rong thus turned her gaze on Wang Ling.

Sun Rong's loud confession resounded at the scene: "Classmate Wang Ling! I like you! I like you the most! I beg you, always stay by my side!"

In that moment, everyone's hearts were shaken!

Everyone: "???"

What the hell? Wasn't she going to confess to Xia Ming? Why had she confessed to Wang Ling?

Sun Rong: "???"

What the hell? Shouldn't she say that she hated Wang Ling? Why did the words in her heart and what she actually said change again...

Wang Ling: "???"

What the hell? Wasn't this the Single's Curse? Why did she suddenly confess to him?

Wang Ling was so frightened that he immediately spat out a mouthful of watermelon juice, and he even dropped the fork which he was using.





Chapter 1091 Wang Ling! Don't Run Away After School!


The unexpected love confession caught Wang Ling off guard and he spurted out a mouthful of watermelon juice. At that moment, that poker face which had never been ruffled before finally cracked to reveal an extremely dismayed expression.

But the change in expression was too quick for a lot of people to notice.

Everyone was speechless at this dramatic plot twist...

Xia Ming was stupefied, and so were his fans in the corridor. They didn't understand how this astonishing reversal had happened - Classmate Sun Rong actually liked Wang Ling?

A lot of people didn't expect this outcome today, but it did make sense - after all, as early as the start of Senior Grade One at Number 60 High, Wang Ling and Classmate Sun Rong had gone on a date at the Xiao Family Compound, and although they had been the target of an assassination attempt by Shadow Stream, they had managed to avoid disaster.

After that, their relationship hadn't developed further; of course, the reason could be that the author himself couldn't be bothered to write about it... In short, if something like this happened again, no one would be surprised.

Because there was precedent.

Wang Ling grabbed a tissue to wipe the watermelon juice at the corner of his mouth. There were too many people watching and talking right now; it was somewhat unrealistic to think that he could directly use magic to erase their memories, since surveillance had been set up in the classrooms and corridors - traces of the spell would definitely be recorded.

When all was said and done, Wang Ling still felt that it was his responsibility— he hadn't been careful enough when designing Single's Curse: what a person said would be completely opposite to what they felt, but conversely, this could be used by someone to confess to him.

At that moment, the entire scene sank into dead silence after Sun Rong's resounding confession. A number of busybodies then started to clap to a beat on the side.

"Together..."

"Together!"

"Together!"

"..."

As a low-key person, Wang Ling never expected to be pushed into the limelight yet again.

Onlookers were forever fond of blowing things out of proportion in order to enjoy a good show. Even if Xia Ming had a lot of supporters in the crowd at first, they just changed and went with the flow as they started to wish this couple well.

"That's enough!" In the tumult, Xia Ming, who had been standing tall and dignified on the dais, finally exploded with a loud howl at that moment.

He trembled slightly, and his mood was a complicated mess. His nerves, which had been stretched taut the whole day, finally snapped at that moment after this dramatic rollercoaster of a plot twist.

"Wang Ling!"

Xia Ming glared at Wang Ling, his body shaking with anger. "Let's duel! If you have the guts, don't run away after school!"

Wang Ling: "..."

...

And so, that day, a fight between the two men officially unfolded. The matter spread in such a rowdy manner that even the teachers heard about it. Apart from some inflexible teachers like Teacher Pan, most of them looked the other way when it came to the students' relationships. As long as they didn't cross the line, it was very normal for boys and girls to have good feelings for each other.

Who hadn't been young once?

Some teachers were discussing it in the office; if it was any other student, they wouldn't just sit by and watch. However, Sun Rong's presence complicated the situation a little.

"Student Sun Rong has always been reserved; why was she so frank and straightforward this time?"

"She met the person she truly likes; that's youth." Lao Gudong laughed. "But I didn't expect Xia Ming that kid to actually have the courage this time to declare war on our class's Wang Ling. That kid has always been very timid; it looks like Student Sun's confession to someone else was a heavy blow to him."

"Then... What is Student Wang Ling's attitude?" the female teacher asked, eager for gossip.

What other kind of attitude could Wang Ling have? Naturally, he was as dead-looking as ever.

Teachers familiar with Wang Ling actually knew what kind of person he was — this was a very "average" child, whose grades were always right down the middle. He didn't improve, nor did he slide backward; he was typically reticent, and didn't say more than ten words a day.

But a high-profile young lady like Student Sun Rong actually liked this sort of stoppered gourd.

When the teachers thought it over, they suddenly felt that underlying this was actually the Yin and Yang principle of things turning the other way once it hit a peak.

"Nothing will happen with Wang Ling." When the discussion was in full swing inside the office, Teacher Pan pushed up her gold-rimmed glasses and suddenly said those words.

There were perhaps very few boys who could resist Student Sun Rong's sugar-coated bullets, but Teacher Pan knew Wang Ling very well.

It was by no means an easy thing to truly sway Wang Ling's heart.

"What should we do? Step in and stop the fight after school?" Lao Gudong asked shrewdly as he drank his coffee.

"They won't fight," Teacher Pan said with certainty. "If they do wrong, just punish them according to school regulations."

All the teachers in the office were silent as they looked at Teacher Pan's serious expression, and they didn't say anything else. Only when Teacher Pan left with a stack of test papers in her arms a few minutes later did the office turn lively once more.

"Teacher Wang!" A female teacher rushed over to Lao Gudong.

"???"

"What snacks do you have to sell?"

Lao Gudong opened his drawer. "Anything you want."

"I want to buy a bag of popcorn! I want to go watch the duel!" said the female teacher.

Lao Gudong: "..."

It didn't matter if it was just one person, but the whole office was instantly fired up. "I want two bags! And two hundred on Xia Ming while I'm at it! Xia Ming has to win!"

"I bet on Xia Ming too! Xia Ming gets good grades in all his subjects, and his score in body techniques is excellent! I bet one thousand!"

"Are all of you betting on Xia Ming?" Lao Gudong found it unbelievable.

In just a few minutes, the odds were already almost 1:100 in Xia Ming's favor...

Lao Gudong silently took out fifty yuan in small change from his pocket and stirred the pot. "All of you are betting on Xia Ming? Then, I'll support my class's Wang Ling."

...

Like Teacher Pan said, Wang Ling had always loathed being in the limelight. If it was just Sun Rong's confession, he could actually still think of a way to deal with it. However, he hadn't expected things to develop to the extent of a duel...

And now, the entire school knew that he and Xia Ming were fighting for love.

Accepting the challenge would only strengthen Sun Rong's feelings for him.

Not accepting the challenge would earn him the scorn and disdain of all the boys in school.

Wang Ling found it hard to decide in this situation, since he would still be pushed into the limelight, whether he fought or not.

Thus, compared with being disdained by the whole school, Wang Ling still decided to accept the challenge.

But it was really tiring to fight a fake match...

For Wang Ling...

Xia Ming was just too weak, and wouldn't be able to take a single blow at all...





Chapter 1092 Sun Yiyuan


There was a sea of people on the sports field after school. Male and female students from Senior Grade One to Senior Grade Three surrounded the plastic rails around the track as they waited for the start of the battle between men.

The teachers quietly observed the situation from where they were standing on the teaching building, and would step in to maintain order when it became necessary. Some of the teachers sighed inwardly at Sun Rong's influence.

As expected of the eldest daughter of Huaguo Water Curtain Group... If the person the two boys were fighting over wasn't Sun Rong, it would never have caught the attention of the whole school.

"If only they were just as energetic during the after-school supplementary lessons." A teacher clapped her hand to her forehead with a wry smile.

"But why didn't the director and headmaster stop them?"

"The headmaster said that with school just starting, it's good for students to exchange pointers once in a while. Also, there's an exchange meet coming up between schools in our Peiyuan district and other districts."

"Another one? What is it this time? Sword techniques? Talismans? Or survive skills?"

"I heard it would be an exchange of body techniques. Xia Ming is in fact an excellent candidate. Each school will be sending a delegation of ten members, and Headmaster Chen has already settled on the name list. It's just that for the final spot, Headmaster Chen is stuck between choosing Xia Ming or Wang Ling."

"Wang Ling's overall grades aren't as good as Xia Ming's, right?"

"That's true, but in all the school exchange activities which Wang Ling participated in last semester, our school ended up winning." When the teacher said that, the teachers around him instantly understood.

The strength of a mascot was no joke!

They almost forgot that this Student Wang Ling was a mascot...

The duel was about to begin, but Sun Rong was nowhere to be seen.

After confessing her love to Wang Ling in public, Sun Rong was so ashamed, and she was escorted home by the bodyguards with a red face. However, some bodyguards who remained behind would broadcast the duel live so that she could watch it from home.

At that very moment, Sun Rong stared at the image of the crowded sports field, a very complicated expression on her face. She had never imagined that she would one day confess her love to a boy in public, and even cause a fight for her affections.

Well, it wasn't her fault that she was pretty!

...

Elsewhere, in the massive chairman's office on the top floor of Huaguo Water Curtain Group's building headquarters, a vigorous-looking old man with gray, grizzled, slicked back hair and a pipe between his teeth was also paying attention to what was happening at the school.

Sun Yiyuan, chairman of Huaguo Water Curtain Group, already knew about his granddaughter confessing to a boy in public.

When he heard this, the old man had been very shocked and almost choked on his spit.

"What? Rongrong confessed to someone?" Sun Yiyuan felt that it was incredible. Since long ago, it had only ever been his own granddaughter who had been confessed to, and she turned them down politely - Old Man Sun never imagined that his granddaughter would take the initiative to confess to someone herself

"That's right; I heard that Eldest Young Miss confessed to a boy in a very loud voice, and even said that she wanted to be with him forever." Standing on the side, his assistant, dressed in a white uniform, tactfully described what happened.

He thought that Old Man Sun would be angry. After all, it wasn't as if Eldest Young Miss had never been pestered by sons from some high-ranking families before. However, these people left her alone after receiving a large amount of money from the old man, half as a bribe and half as blackmail.

But the assistant was surprised by Old Man Sun's unexpected attitude. Rather than get angry, the old man conversely seemed very pleased this time. "Rongrong has never told any boy before that she wants to be with him. It seems she means it this time."

"Is that what the chairman thinks..."

"Otherwise?" Sun Yiyuan asked, "Who is the boy Rongrong confessed to?"

The assistant pulled up the live broadcast at Number 60 High and pointed to a handsome boy with dead fish eyes on the screen. "Actually... Chairman, you may have heard of this boy: he's the classmate whom Eldest Young Miss took to the Xiao Family Compound last semester, and they were attacked by Shadow Stream..."

"Oh, it's him! But... What's his name again?"

"It seems he's called Wang..." The assistant patted his head. The words were clearly already on his lips, but he couldn't speak them for some reason.

Wang Ling's Great Shielding Spell was still working to some extent at that moment. Only when a person saw Wang Ling's true appearance would the effect of the shield be dispelled.

Of course, this true appearance referred to seeing Wang Ling in person, and not through a live video like this.

Even if a person saw Wang Ling's face in the video, they still wouldn't be able to remember anything about him.

"It's fine if you can't remember - investigate it later. The duel is more important right now." Old Man Sun waved his hand indifferently, and his assistant breathed a sigh of relief.

The assistant used a magic artifact to directly project the live images into the air.

Both boys wore school uniforms, but from what Wang Ling could see through his trademark dead fish eyes, Old Man Sun's gaze was firmly fixed on Wang Ling.

"His looks are passable, but the dead fish eyes make him look a little listless." Old Man Sun nodded thoughtfully. "If it's confirmed that this Student Wang is going to date Rongrong, ask him if he's willing to get double eyelids and eyelift surgery - I'll cover the costs and damages."

"..." The assistant was silent before saying, "But the young miss said that she liked everything about Student Wang..."

"Oh... is it like that... so Rongrong likes this type? When they went to the Xiao Family Compound, I thought Rongrong just randomly brought along a boy to accompany her - I didn't think she would start to like him then."

Old Man Sun sighed. "Forget it. Since it's what Rongrong likes, he can keep his eyelids. However..."

With that, Old Man Sun turned to stare at this assistant on the side. "Why does Rongrong tell you everything???"

The assistant froze and looked a little terrified. "Eldest... Eldest Young Miss initially asked me to keep it a secret, but... but this is too big a matter, and I'm worried that it could have a bad impact, which is why I decided to tell you, chairman."

"Mm, it's good that you didn't keep it from me, but you promised Rongrong you wouldn't tell me, and you didn't keep your word. The merit offsets the offense, so there's no reward or punishment - you shouldn't have any complaints, right?"

"No..."

In the assistant's heart: MMP.

Old Man Sun continued to look at the screen. "How old is this Student Wang? Compared with Rongrong?"

"He shouldn't be small..." The assistant undid his pants for a look1. "I don't know how big he is, but he should be bigger than me? There's nothing to compare with Eldest Young Miss, since she doesn't have one..."

1(The word 大 "big" is used in reference to age as well as size.) "Shut up! I asked about his age!!! I want to know if he's older or younger than Rongrong! I want the exact months and days!!"

"..."





Chapter 1093 Yin and Yang Death Calamity


The assistant sighed silently - so the chairman had actually been asking about the boy's age.

It was his thinking that was too dirty!

It was those old-timers in the company who had led him astray during team-building activities in past years... the slightest hint would make him automatically think of something dirty. That group proclaimed that life was full of bitterness, when really, it was the people that got a kick out of sexual innuendo who were the root of all evil.

The assistant recalled Wang Ling's birthday, but just like earlier, he couldn't utter it even though it was clearly on the tip of his tongue. Helpless, he could only make up a date. "I remember it's at the end of the year? He was born in the same year as the young lady."

"The end of the year..." Old Man Sun pondered; he didn't expect the boy whom his granddaughter liked to have an unexpectedly compatible birth date.

"Do you remember the divination by the Master Immortal the year Rongrong was born?"

"Chairman, are you saying..." The assistant was startled. This matter was actually a family secret which he, as a mere assistant, shouldn't know about. However, he had been by Old Man Sun's side for a very long time, and when the old man was feeling vexed or depressed, he would sometimes vent to his assistant.

"'When Yin and Yang fall into chaos, our Mo blood will paint the sky.'" Old Man Sun's thoughts spun as he recalled what that famous Master Immortal had divined back then.

The fact that Sun Rong had this so-called "Yin and Yang Death Calamity" wasn't a secret in the family, but a lot of people thought it was nonsense.

Although the death calamity had yet to come to pass, Old Man Sun had always firmly believed in it. That was because the Master Immortal had said it clearly back then: the calamity would have something to do with love.

In other words, it was possible that this problem would occur once Rongrong started dating... The most important thing was that this seemed to be initial confirmation of the Yin and Yang Death Calamity omen.

Old Man Sun gazed at the image on the screen and paid close attention to the fight between Wang Ling and Xia Ming.

Back then, that Master Immortal had said that the person who cast the curse was born at the beginning of the year, and the person to break it was born at the end of the year.

And it just so happened that these two young men who were around the same age as Sun Rong were fighting for her affections. While it had yet to be verified whether the Yin and Yang Death Calamity was real or not, Old Man Sun suddenly could hardly wait.

"Is there any information on Xia Ming?"

"We've already started investigating, and we should get word very soon," answered the assistant.

At that moment, they looked at the screen once more, where it seemed that the fight between Xia Ming and Wang Ling was going to happen at any moment.

...

There were two elite classes in Number 60 High. To be able to study in the same class as Fang Xing, Xia Ming naturally wouldn't be weak; he was a top student who was outstanding in his studies, and was an A-class existence in the eyes of the teachers. If a student from a regular class faced off against Xia Ming, their chances of winning would naturally be very low.

But his opponent was Wang Ling, and only those who knew Wang Ling's true combat strength were keenly aware of the gap between them.

On the side, Zhenyuan, Gu Shunzhi, Liu Qingyi and Wang Zhen all sighed emotionally. Standing amidst the ranks of students, they used a telepathy spell to communicate with each other.

Gu Shunzhi: "I didn't expect Senior Wang to actually accept this challenge; I'm really curious to know how he's going to handle this match."

Wang Zhen nodded. "The gap in strength is too big: unless Senior Wang fakes it, there's no way this Xia Ming will be able to withstand one puff of air from Senior Wang." The terrifying impression of Wang Ling's might was practically carved into Wang Zhen's brain.

As experts from the Domain of the Gods, they couldn't even exchange more than three blows with Wang Ling, to say nothing of a mere Foundation Establishment student. Win? Even pulling Wang Ling's head off wouldn't defeat him!

Xia Ming gazed at Wang Ling and pondered what technique to use to defeat Wang Ling in the most ruthless way possible.

There were only two elite classes, which had a total of forty students. Xia Ming was ranked third overall, while Wang Ling was in twentieth place. What could a completely average student use to fight Xia Ming? Win? Even pulling Xia Ming's head off wouldn't defeat him!

Xia Ming took a deep breath, and spirit energy slowly started to accumulate in his dantian as pure white energy flowed around him.

When a cultivator gathered spirit energy together, the color it exhibited was affected by the cultivator's spirit root — this was the "spirit qi color principle." Xia Ming's spirit qi was pure white, which was a complete surprise to a lot of the student onlookers.

"Pure white spirit qi?"

"I remember; isn't this Xia Ming..."

"Oh! Is he a descendant of that Ancient Divine Clan?"

"Ancient Divine Clan?"

Even a number of teachers in the teaching building were surprised.

"This is..." Wang Zhen narrowed his eyes and instantly made a guess.

"No mistake: it's the Ancient Divine Clan." Liu Qingyi nodded.

Within the bounds of telepathic communication between the four individuals, Gu Shunzhi was also secretly astonished at the level of power that Xia Ming was displaying. "A descendant of the Ancient Divine Clan — how interesting!"

"Who would have thought that there actually are descendants of the Ancient Divine Clan on Earth." Zhenyuan tsked.

The so-called Ancient Divine Clan wasn't a family, but a collective name for the earliest batch of cultivators in the Spirit Energy era, and Xia Ming's Xia family was a member of this Ancient Divine Clan.

But there were a lot of people with the surname Xia on Earth, and not all of them were descendants of the Ancient Divine Clan. The difference was that members of the Ancient Divine Clan had unique spirit roots which had the power to resonate with underground spirit veins.

The spirit energy of underground spirit veins was incredibly pure. When these spirit veins resonated with an Ancient Divine Clan member's spirit root, perfect, pure white spirit energy would be created.

Xia Ming's identity as a descendant of the Ancient Divine Clan took a lot of the people present by surprise. Many of them suddenly recalled how Xia Ming seemed to be deliberately hiding something every time he used magic. Looking back on it now, Xia Ming must have used a special technique to suppress the reaction between the underground spirit veins and his own spirit root in order to conceal his identity as a descendant of the Ancient Divine Clan.

Now that Xia Ming's identity was laid bare, the entire scene was in an uproar.

When a descendant of the Ancient Divine Clan achieved resonance with underground spirit veins, their spirit energy basically wouldn't run out in a fight between equal realms. In other words, Xia Ming could hold on for a very, very long time before he ran out of energy.

What did Foundation Establishment cultivators fear the most?

Wars of attrition!

Foundation Establishment cultivators had limited spirit energy; it was very easy for them to exhaust their spirit energy when they used magic — simply put, their MP1 was too low... In Xia Ming's case, his MP was quite low, but it could be replenished as he fought.

1(Mana points..) Now, the audience instantly switched to cheering for Xia Ming. For most of them, there was basically no chance of Wang Ling winning against Xia Ming.

Whether it was overall study ranking or unique physique, Wang Ling appeared too ordinary in all respects, compared with Xia Ming's identity as a descendant of the Ancient Divine Clan.





Chapter 1094 One Fingernail's Worth of Spirit Power


In the headmaster's office, Number 60 High's Headmaster Chen Tianxiang and director of education Director Shi were also paying attention to this fight which had caught the attention of the entire school. Xia Ming's identity as a descendant of the Ancient Divine Clan had always been a secret, but he had unexpectedly been exposed in the fight today. Looking at Headmaster Chen's composed expression, however, Director Shi was even more certain that Headmaster Chen intended to let this fight happen.

As a descendant of the Ancient Divine Clan, Xia Ming had a natural advantage since his spirit root was more superior to what other students had. This superiority was a double-edged sword: it might make some people more confident in their actions, but overconfidence could become arrogance.

"There is only one descendant of the Ancient Divine Clan in our Number 60 High, so this can be considered my test for him," Headmaster Chen said slowly. Number 60 High had taken part in a lot of inter-school activities, but since Xia Ming had signed an agreement with Number 60 High that his identity as a descendant of the Ancient Divine Clan couldn't be revealed, he had never appeared in front of everyone, whether it was in the exchange meet with Number 59 High or the joint military training between six schools.

Headmaster Chen's intention was to test Xia Ming's temperament and see how long he could keep his identity secret. In the end, who would have thought that Xia Ming would completely reveal himself in just the second half of Senior Grade One.

Headmaster Chen sank into thought at this result. To be able to hide one's strength and live as an ordinary person - he didn't believe that an ordinary person could do this. Life was always full of frustrations - like now, for example, Xia Ming had violated the confidentiality agreement and revealed his identity as a descendant of the Ancient Divine Clan of his own accord, because he was jealous of Student Wang Ling and wanted to win Sun Rong's favor.

As far as Headmaster Chen was concerned, Xia Ming was, in the end, still a child.

He was far from mature enough.

Number 60 High School might teach knowledge, but Headmaster Chen in fact focused more on cultivating character. It wasn't enough for teachers to just focus blindly on grades; when all was said and done, they also needed to guide the students on the right path and nurture them toward becoming useful members of society who understood gratitude and dedication.

In comparison, Headmaster Chen was actually quite pleased with Wang Ling.

Although Wang Ling's grades were always right down the middle ever since he entered the elite class, his mentality was clearly much better than Xia Ming's.

A normal student would feel anxious if their grades remained average, but Wang Ling? He just ate and drank as usual, and didn't think his average grades were a problem at all. He didn't even respond clearly to Student Sun Rong's confession, and had only accepted this challenge because he had been helpless to do anything but go along with the momentum!

Wang Ling did live up to Headmaster Chen's expectations as the mascot of Number 60 High.

From the previous spirit sword exchange meet to the joint military training for six schools, Wang Ling's performance had always been very colorful.

...

The onlookers at the scene were now divided into three groups.

The first group supported Xia Ming. After he revealed his identity as a descendant of the Ancient Divine Clan, they looked forward even more to a brilliant performance. Wang Ling had really pulled too much aggro with the fact that Sun Rong had confessed to him, and a lot of people were itching for Xia Ming to beat Wang Ling up.

The second group consisted of the five big shots: Wang Zhen, Gu Shunzhi, Liu Qingyi, Fang Xing and Zhenyuan. Of course, they supported Wang Ling unwaveringly. At the same time, they wanted to see how on earth he would handle this boring fight. They didn't care about the outcome at all, and were only concerned about what they could learn from him.

Naturally, nothing needed to be said about the third group. Although Wang Ling was normally anti-social and didn't like to talk to other people, it wasn't as if he didn't have friends. Chen Chao and Guo Hao's fighting strength and ability to rally others alone were enough to help pull together a core group of supporters for Wang Ling. At the very least, all of Grade One, Class Three supported him! Even if someone had a different opinion, no one dared voice it since the commissary in charge of studies, Su Xiao, also supported Wang Ling; they were worried that if they openly opposed this, they might not have enough time from now on to catch up on and copy homework in the morning at school...

At that moment, Xia Ming felt the resonance of his spirit root take form as thin streams of white spirit qi flowed from his body.

It was indeed astonishing for a mere Foundation Establishment cultivator to possess such a massive reserve of spirit power.

But this spirit power reserve was child's play to Wang Ling.

Every single pore on Wang Ling's body was in fact a small world which could store a huge amount of spirit power for him to use. Apart from his pores, the same was also true of every single cell inside his body.

The human body had around eighty trillion cells. Excluding the cells that were metabolized every day, Wang Ling had a total of eighty trillion small worlds on him.

Not only that, spirit power was stored even in Wang Ling's fingernails.

But the spirit power in his fingernails was for backup use, and wasn't as extreme as what was contained inside the small worlds. The amount of spirit power which one fingernail contained was roughly the same amount of spirit power which a Soul Formation cultivator possessed.

Right now, Xia Ming's spirit power wasn't even a fourth of what Wang Ling had in one fingernail.

What should he do? Go down with Xia Ming in this fight?

Seeing how confident Xia Ming appeared, Wang Ling pondered inwardly, and the only thing he could think of was to draw with Xia Ming.

This way, the situation might calm down.

"Classmate Wang Ling, please instruct me." At that moment, Xia Ming charged forward after he was done gathering his strength. Stepping forward, he closed the distance between them in the blink of an eye.

A punch was thrown at Wang Ling's face, and he could feel the wind pressure from it. Wang Ling's first reaction wasn't to block it, but to evade it with his body techniques.

Never hit someone in the face. It was true that Wang Ling had molded his own face to give himself an average appearance, but he had never been hit in the face before.

He was the one who hit others.

For another thing, Wang Ling was also taking Xia Ming's safety into consideration.

If that punch had hit Wang Ling precisely in the face, Xia Ming would still suffer a fracture at the very least, even if Wang Ling deliberately restrained the power of the backlash.

The scene of that red ribbon killer who had been turned into human slag from the backlash during the failed assassination on Sun Rong at school back then was still vivid in Wang Ling's mind.

Under the eyes of so many, he didn't want history to repeat itself.

Xia Ming threw a smooth series of punches.

"Is dodging all you can do, Wang Ling?!" Xia Ming deliberately ridiculed Wang Ling as he threw his punches.

But this sort of scorn was nothing to Wang Ling, and couldn't provoke him at all.

Xia Ming scored very high in the body techniques exam. He cultivated the Chaos Running Water Fist Technique, in which both the fists and legs were used. It was a very consistent technique and highly explosive in power. However, it consumed too much energy, and a lot of people would feel exhausted when they performed the final stage of the technique.

But Xia Ming was different. As a descendant of the Ancient Divine Clan, his endurance wasn't in question, thanks to his spirit root advantage.

Thus, Wang Ling felt that this Chaos Running Water Fist Technique was a little difficult to deal with.

Each move was aimed at his face; this person really wasn't showing any mercy...

Wang Ling still didn't act, and continued to nimbly dodge Xia Ming's fists.

But Wang Zhen and the others frowned slightly at this scene.

This sort of dodging appeared meaningless, but for some reason, Wang Zhen felt that Wang Ling was doing it on purpose, as if he was deliberately guiding Xia Ming's punches.

Sure enough -

In the next moment, Xia Ming's punch actually changed direction, and in the end, hit Xia Ming in his own face...





Chapter 1095 Great Data Spell!


Just like that, Xia Ming was punched in the right cheek.

It wasn't Wang Ling who punched him, but Xia Ming himself.

Most cultivators' fist techniques were supple; that was to say, when a punch was thrown, the spirit energy molecules on the fist could stir up some of the air, and the two would combine to form an invisible "fist membrane" around the fist. This membrane could be thick or thin, which mainly depended on a cultivator's control of their spirit energy.

So when Xia Ming threw the punch, and Wang Ling surreptitiously guided its trajectory, Xia Ming already could no longer control his reaction, and his fist hit him squarely in the face.

The highly misleading body movement which Wang Ling demonstrated was nothing more than a Tai Chi push-hand which neutralized Xia Ming's punch effortlessly.

This sort of body movement had a somewhat baffling appearance: It was a godly move in the eyes of real bigwigs like Gu Shunzhi and the others, but in the eyes of ordinary people, it looked more like a mistake Wang Ling had made when dodging in a panic.

To put it bluntly, most of the people here felt that it was Wang Ling's luck which was dominating the duel.

"As expected of our school mascot; he's so lucky!"

"That's right! Xia Ming's Chaos Running Water Fist Technique is famous for being erratic and fast. Without enough practice, you'd just be sacrificing yourself to harm the other side."

...

Hearing the discussion around him, Xia Ming couldn't help falling silent.

What "harming himself to harm the other side"... It was clearly this fellow in front of him...

As Wang Ling's opponent, no one had a better front-row seat than Xia Ming. Although Gu Shunzhi and the others had already seen through the mystery of Wang Ling's body movement, there were many more people present who were still in the dark. Only Xia Ming alone had firsthand experience of Wang Ling's weird body movement...

He didn't want to concede that a person whose grades were always down the middle had actually beat him in body movements; he could only quietly grit his teeth and swallow it all down in his belly.

In fact, Xia Ming felt that the fight was already decided at this point.

Wang Ling's body movement was so strange that Xia Ming couldn't freely use his fist technique. Moreover, it seemed as if his opponent was deliberately guiding Xia Ming's punch trajectory, as if he was performing Tai Chi, so that Xia Ming was injured by his own punches.

A few minutes later, Xia Ming was sent flying by a punch yet again.

This was the eleventh time Xia Ming had punched himself and been sent flying.

At first, Xia Ming thought that there might be something wrong with his fist technique, so he changed the angle several times when attacking Wang Ling. In the end... it turned out that it had nothing to do with his technique!

It got to a point that Xia Ming ultimately didn't even bother to use his technique! He directly threw himself at Wang Ling and unleashed a series of wild punches!

He was like a starving tiger pouncing wildly on its prey, which scared the audience.

In the headmaster's office, Headmaster Chen, Director Shi and several PE teachers were also watching the battle.

"Headmaster, what kind of fist technique is this..." asked an astonished PE teacher.

"Tortoise Fist," Headmaster Chen replied.

"Tortoise Fist? What's that?"

"When you were a kid, did you fight with the kid next door over a toy?"

"Yes... I did..."

"Then you fought with the Tortoise Fist."

"..."

"The so-called Tortoise Fist is a freewheeling technique that doesn't subscribe to any sort of philosophy. As the saying goes, a random blow can kill an old master - this is what it's alluding to." Headmaster Chen sighed.

"Then, is Student Wang Ling's body movement also like this?"

"Yes, that's the Tortoise Body Movement... To act however one wishes is the highest realm of body movement, which relies on luck." Headmaster Chen sighed emotionally at Wang Ling's luck.

All the teachers: "..."

...

As Headmaster Chen said, there wasn't a method to the Tortoise Fist which Xia Ming was using; in fact, it was nothing more than the most common wild punch. But throwing a wild punch without using spirit energy consumed even more stamina; after throwing several wild punches, Xia Ming felt that his stamina was already at its limit.

In contrast, Wang Ling had just been lightly using a body movement to evade the entire time...

Seeing the hate in Xia Ming's eyes, Wang Ling finally realized the importance of acting skills.

Indeed, his acting was a little unnatural. After fighting for so long, his face should be a little flushed, even if he wasn't panting for breath.

Thus, Wang Ling manually regulated his skin color to make his face slightly red. He also manually opened his sweat glands in passing, and did his best to squeeze out a few drops of sweat to roll down his cheeks so that he appeared very tired.

Wang Ling wouldn't feel tired from this fight even if he fought for hundreds of years, but Xia Ming was, after all, an ordinary cultivator (compared with Wang Ling), and there was a limit to his stamina.

Even if his spirit root gave him a natural advantage, there were similarly certain limitations.

Wang Ling opened the King's Eye secretly to look at Xia Ming's energy bar. This was Wang Ling's "Great Data Spell," which could display the values that Wang Ling wanted to see in the form of horizontal bar charts, such as the current numbers for qi and blood, spirit power, stamina, and so on...

Xia Ming's stamina was already at the limit; he was a sliver away from collapsing.

Wang Ling took a deep breath and calculated when Xia Ming would throw the next punch.

Thus, when Xia Ming roared and rushed at him, Wang Ling's brain promptly spun swiftly as it captured Xia Ming's every move and ultimately broke them down to be analyzed via simulations. He precisely calculated the speed of Xia Ming's punch, the time it took for him to attack, as well as the moment he would run out of stamina and collapse.

For the last punch, Wang Ling didn't plan to use his body movement to guide Xia Ming's punch trajectory. After all, Xia Ming had already beaten himself up pretty miserably; he had punched himself dozens of times in the face. His cheeks were swollen like walnuts, and his nostrils were filled with blood.

Everyone couldn't stop sighing at this scene.

Some people had discussed it earlier, and had decided that as soon as one side drew blood, they would step forward to stop the fight.

But in this current situation, none of the students could stop them at all!

It was Xia Ming who punched himself!

It was Xia Ming who injured himself!

Each of his punches hit him in his own face!

How the hell were they supposed to stop the fight?

When Xia Ming threw the last punch, Wang Ling chose a very tricky angle so that to everyone, it looked like Xia Ming had hit his target, when the truth was that he didn't hit Wang Ling at all.

After throwing the punch, Xia Ming finally fell to the ground, his stamina spent.

Wang Ling seized the chance and fell to the ground with Xia Ming, lying on one side...

He suddenly now somewhat understood how hard it was for those old men and women in Peiyuan district to commit pengci.

Pengci was truly an art that emphasized acting skills...





Chapter 1096 School Doctor Xiang Yiyun


When Wang Ling and Xia Ming both fell to the ground, the teachers at the scene all rushed to the front to maintain order. Wang Ling created an illusion and made everyone think that he had been punched even though he wasn't injured at all.

But Xia Ming was quite wretched. A male teacher holding a first aid kit quickly arrived at the scene. He wore a pair of jeans with holes in them, a striped shirt and a white robe.

This was Xiang Yiyun, Number 60 High's school doctor, but Wang Ling's impression of this school doctor was basically zero... He had never been to the infirmary from the moment he entered Number 60 High.

But Xiang Yiyun himself had an impression of Wang Ling. For one thing, Wang Ling was the mascot of Number 60 High, and for another... Xiang Yiyun remembered that this should be the student who unexpectedly survived after being ambushed by criminals at the school gate and falling into a space crack.

Xiang Yiyun remembered that he had even sent Wang Ling a flower wreath.

Who would have thought that the eldest daughter of Huaguo Water Curtain Group would actually like this type of boy?

Xiang Yiyun now wondered whether he should follow Wang Ling and get a pair of dead fish eyes...

"Teacher Xiang, what's the situation?" When Xia Ming's and Wang Ling's teachers-in-charge arrived, Teacher Pan looked unusually troubled. While Wang Ling didn't seem injured, she was worried that he might have been hurt by Xia Ming's punch just now.

In fact, at the start of the fight between Xia Ming and Wang Ling, Teacher Pan had made a call to the Wang family's small villa, and it was Mother Wang who answered the phone.

It was a very short conversation.

"Is that Student Wang Ling's mother? It's like this: a student from another class challenged him to a duel after school, and Student Wang Ling accepted because of pressure from the crowd... I don't know..."

"Ah? Ling Ling is in a fight? Then, is the student he's fighting injured..." On the other end of the phone, Mother Wang was clearly gloomy. She couldn't picture Wang Ling fighting with anyone else at all. If Ling Ling wasn't careful, it would become a scene from "The Weird Story of the Headless Horseman1″...

1(The Chinese title for the anime series "Durarara.") At that moment, Teacher Pan looked out the window, and just happened to see Xia Ming fly off after being led around by Wang Ling's body movement.

"That Student Xia has been sent flying..." Teacher Pan answered truthfully.

Mother Wang was so frightened by the answer it was as if her spirit had left her body. She was already unsteady on her feet and felt as if the sky was collapsing.

After several minutes of silence, Mother Wang said in a trembling voice, "Then... Teacher Pan, please ask the boy's parents how much they want in order to settle this privately... We'll agree to anything..."

"..."

Teacher Pan was astonished.

It took Teacher Pan several minutes to explain clearly to Mother Wang that the situation wasn't that serious. Then, when Teacher Pan looked out the window again, Wang Ling and Xia Ming had already fallen to the ground.

"Student Wang Ling's mom, it looks like both of them have now collapsed. Would you like to come to school for a look?" Teacher Pan added.

"Is Student Xia Ming dead..."

"No..."

"Oh, that's good."

Mother Wang, who had almost been scared to death just now, relaxed when she heard the outcome, and she said in a light tone, "It's fine, as long as the other party is alright. Don't worry too much about my Ling Ling."

With that, Mother Wang hung up.

Teacher Pan was even more astonished.

There was actually this sort of parent in this world...

But looking at it, this was probably the legendary response of a biological mother, right?

At that moment, Teacher Pan suddenly felt that Wang Ling really was a pitiful child. He ate junk food like crispy noodle snacks every day and his parents were indifferent to him. As his teacher-in-charge, she really should show him more care and concern at ordinary times!

Wang Ling: "..."

...

After Xiang Yiyun's preliminary examination, it was confirmed that Xia Ming and Wang Ling's lives weren't in danger.

It was just that Xia Ming's condition was a little more tragic. Xiang Yiyun quickly scrawled down some words which only doctors would be able to read in a notebook. "Student Xia, my preliminary assessment is that you have a minor concussion and a minor skull fracture. Using a sight spell, I've determined that the fracture is a millimeter in length."

"A millimeter shouldn't be serious." Xia Ming's teacher-in-charge was relieved.

"I'm not done speaking, don't rush."

"..."

"In addition to these issues, Xia Ming's sternum and fibula are fractured and he has three broken ribs. His right arm was dislocated, and I've already set it. For everything else, I recommend the external application of a special ointment for broken bones, which can also replenish life; he'll recover in two days," said Teacher Xiang.

"I didn't expect it to be so serious... This Student Wang Ling was too fierce." Xia Ming's teacher-in-charge gnashed his teeth.

"No, it has nothing to do with Student Wang Ling." Xiang Yiyun said, "I already extracted cells from the wound, and they only contained Xia Ming's DNA. In other words, these external and internal injuries were caused by Student Xia Ming alone. He hit himself - this is my fair and impartial assessment. If you don't believe me, you can keep the injuries as they are and send him to a Grade A class three hospital for another examination. However, Xia Ming will be the one to suffer from the delay. The longer you delay, the more likely there'll be after effects."

"..." All the teachers couldn't help sinking into silence.

He had gotten himself admitted to the hospital because he beat himself up... Everything about it clearly didn't sound logical!

"Then what about Student Wang Ling? Don't tell me he isn't injured at all?" Xia Ming's teacher-in-charge wasn't satisfied. He didn't believe that Xia Ming could be covered in injuries from head to toe after the fight while there wasn't a single scratch on Wang Ling.

Conversely, what Xia Ming's teacher-in-charge said was a reminder for Wang Ling: He should design a slight injury for himself, otherwise this would be too fake.

After giving it overall consideration, Wang Ling stopped his own heartbeat.

So, when the school doctor Xiang Yiyun examined Wang Ling again, the look on his face eventually turned frightened. "This... Student Wang Ling was still breathing just now, but his heart has suddenly stopped!"

The hearts of all the teachers present tensed up at this outcome.

"What's going on?"

"A long fight leads to the overexertion of physical strength. When he fell to the ground, his spirit power blocked his blood vessels..." Doctor Xiang came up with a reasonable explanation, and immediately began to do quick compressions on Wang Ling's chest as he started doing CPR. "Someone help me! I'll do the chest compressions and the other person can give him mouth-to-mouth!"

Wang Ling: "???"

At Doctor Xiang's words, a male teacher stepped forward at once. "I'll do it!"

"Do you know how to give him CPR?" one of the other male teachers retorted.

"No, but I can learn through experience." The male teacher replied, "I just need to breathe air into him, right? Should I stick my tongue in?"

At the teacher's words, Wang Ling was instantly frightened into jolting upright...





Chapter 1097 Poor Student Wang Ling


Rather than fright, it was dismay that jolted Wang Ling back to his senses.

This Xiang Yiyun should also be placed on the list of people he had to be wary of.

Looking at school doctor Xiang Yiyun's wicked smile, Wang Ling sank into thought as he confirmed that this school doctor had noticed something — he knew that Wang Ling had been pretending to be dead, and he had deliberately set up that performance just now. But it shouldn't be possible for him to see through Wang Ling's technique; more likely, he had made a guess based on his many years as a doctor.

In short, this Xiang Yiyun was a dangerous person — it would be better to pay closer attention to him from now on.

Bending down, Xiang Yiyun checked Wang Ling's condition again, then confirmed with the teachers around them, "It's fine now, it was because of the stress just now. Young people have healthy bodies, and will recover on their own. An older person with a lower realm, on the other hand, would need help."

"Mm, it's good that Student Wang Ling is alright." The teachers, whose hearts had been in their mouths, finally relaxed.

Only that male teacher who had been ready to give first aid looked sullen.

"What's wrong, Teacher Li?"

"Ai, I still don't know — should I stick my tongue in when giving CPR? How about Student Wang Ling lie down again and we do an in-depth study?"

Everyone and Wang Ling: "..."

"Even a joke has its limits. Wang Ling is my student, and I'll be taking him back. Everyone else can go worry over Student Xia Ming." Teacher Pan stepped out once again at a critical moment. Of course she knew that this Teacher Li was actually joking, but Teacher Li Renyong had a bad habit of cracking jokes at the worst time.

Thus, Wang Ling was brought back to the office under Teacher Pan's protection.

Teacher Pan took a form out of a drawer and handed it to Wang Ling. At the very top was the title "Domestic Violence Questionnaire."

Wang Ling: "..."

"Student Wang Ling, I actually let your parents know to come to school this time, but I never expected them to not seem worried about you at all." Teacher Pan heaved a sigh and looked earnestly at Wang Ling. "Tell me the truth: do your parents normally act violently against you at home?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Teacher Pan: "Don't be afraid, I'm here! If someone hurts you at home, you must be brave and tell me!"

Wang Ling wanted to cry but had no tears to shed: "..." Violence... not at all! Father and Mother Wang had simply doted on him since young, and basically treated him as the apple of their eye.

Conversely, it was Wang Ling who felt a little apologetic when it came to his parents' devoted care.

But indeed, Father and Mother Wang were helpless to do anything else — not long after Wang Ling was born, the whole family relocated to a villa in a remote suburb in order not to create trouble for their neighbors.

Imagine if you lived with a nuclear bomb in your arms every day — you would be on edge the whole time, too.

Wang Ling shook his head.

It was impossible to confess to something which never happened.

Father and Mother Wang were very good to him — if Father Wang didn't look for excuses to dock his pocket money, that would be even better!

It was obvious that there was some misunderstanding, and Wang Ling just needed to make things clear. He also didn't expect Teacher Pan to show him so much care at the beginning of the semester.

This was a good thing. At the very least, it proved that Teacher Pan had a sense of responsibility as a teacher of the people. For Wang Ling, however, this excessive care was troublesome.

He just wanted to finish out his high school life peacefully as an ordinary high school student.

"Student Wang Ling, don't be afraid. Cold violence is also violence," Teacher Pan said very earnestly.

Wang Ling: "..."

Not good at expressing himself with words, Wang Ling could only bend his head and start filling in this questionnaire. He used excellent, high school exam composition skills to write an essay describing Father and Mother Wang's meticulous care for him growing up.

Every exam essay had a format. By analyzing and summarizing what they were, Wang Ling could predict beforehand what style the exam marker preferred: emotion, creativity, an emphasis on flowery language, or something close to real life.

In Teacher Pan's case, Wang Ling sensed that she preferred to see more emotion, so he wrote a chicken soup essay in the [Words From the Heart] section of this questionnaire.

As a result, beautiful words were peppered throughout Wang Ling's essay.

1: My parents are like candles that are warm and give off light, showing me hope and warmth, while I am like a small flame, so weak that I may be accidentally blown out. (Alluding to Father Wang docking his pocket money)

2: My father's love is like a towering mountain as well as a flourishing tree, which protects me from the wind and rain. I, on the other hand, am like a bird in the tree, although the branches will sometimes scrape my feathers. (Alluding to Father Wang docking his pocket money)

3: My dearest father, we can't be apart for even a moment. Our family is like the Three Auspicious Treasures, although there are times my father's love is as stifling as Lord Laozi's immortal-binding rope 1 and stresses me out. (Alluding to Father Wang docking his pocket money)

1(Referring to "Journey to the West..") Teacher Pan's eyes immediately turned red after she read this essay.

She was practically sobbing as she said to Wang Ling, "Student Wang Ling, I understand, you can relax. It's already late; hurry on home."

Wang Ling didn't know whether Teacher Pan had correctly picked out his meaning, but he believed that there shouldn't be any problems since he had already written it so emotionally. Plus, he also secretly complained about Father Wang docking his pocket money.

...

However, not long after Wang Ling returned home, Teacher Pan snapped a photo of his reflection and posted it in Number 60 High's teachers' group.

[Number 60 High's Teachers' Administrative Group]

Talismans - Teacher Pan: [Photo] Our class's Wang Ling wrote this. Everyone, have a look.

PE - Teacher Ye: Ah? Teacher Pan, did you suspect that Student Wang Ling was being abused at home?

Talismans - Teacher Pan: That's right, so I had him fill in the questionnaire. But from the questionnaire, it seems that Student Wang Ling has never been abused at home; he even left such a moving essay, which made me cry. This kid knows how to be grateful and knows that his parents don't have it easy - this is so rare. It's unfortunate that this is a private inquiry and this essay has to be kept confidential, otherwise I would share it publicly.

PE - Teacher Ye: I finished reading it, it's well-written.

History - Teacher Wang: Not bad, not bad. Such a high level of understanding and line of thinking - this is indeed a good kid. I teach Wang Ling and he's always well-behaved in class. No wonder Student Sun Rong likes him.

School Doctor - Xiang Yiyun: I have a different opinion; I think Student Wang is hinting at something in the essay.

All the teachers: ???

School Doctor - Xiang Yiyun: Look, he compares his parents to candles and his father to a branch, and then brings up the immortal-binding rope at the end...

Teacher Ye swiftly replied: Are you saying... wax play, whipping and bondage?

School Doctor - Xiang Yiyun: [covers face] I didn't say that... I was just joking...

Looking at the screen at that moment, Teacher Pan's relaxed expression tensed up once more.

Was that a hint?

Teacher Pan thought that it was possible.





Chapter 1098 Mother Wang's Due Date


Wang Ling completely never expected that his short essay, in which he secretly complained about Father Wang docking his pocket money, would actually be shared by his teacher in the group, and then interpreted in such a way. A lot of people struggled when it came to the ability to interpret something subjectively, but teachers were mysterious creatures... Chinese teachers, in particular, were frequently able to extract from an essay some message which even the original writer didn't know about.

For example, some adjective was repeated in this and that sentence, thus expressing some emotion of the writer's...

But it could just be that the writer didn't know enough and could only use the same adjective over and over again.

Or as another example, an exclamation point at the end of some sentence was conveying what the writer felt.

The truth was that the kind of punctuation which a writer used at the end of their writing simply depended on their mood.

For instance, when you look at this sentence, you'll notice that there's an exclamation mark at the end!

But for the sake of picking out a theme, teachers would always rack their brains for the original writer's meaning.

And most unfortunately, Wang Ling was misunderstood, just like that.

...

When Wang Ling got home that night, Father Wang had left thirty-five yuan and sixty-eight cents on the table along with a note: The editorial office organized a viewing of the major motion picture My Country and I for authors and their wives. There's just enough money here for you to buy a decent takeout. It's a place close to home, and your mom and I have already inspected it. It's pretty good and their bentos are nutritious. A nutritious assorted bento just so happens to cost thirty-five yuan and sixty-eight cents. Use this money and buy yourself a takeout.

The corner of Wang Ling's mouth twitched. "..."

Father Wang was as stingy as usual.

But this was Father Wang's usual practice, and Wang Ling was long used to it.

Actually, he could have used mobile pay, but you couldn't specify the amount down to 0.01 yuan during the transfer, so Father Wang had simply left the cash on the table in order to use up the cash they had at home.

Mobile pay in Huaxiu nation had reached its peak under the leadership of the two Boss Mas. Because of how convenient it was, everyone basically just needed to take their phones with them when they went out. The thieves who worked during the Spring Festival couldn't even steal wallets anymore. They could only target phones, but the problem was that most people now always had their phones in their hands.

The emergence of mobile pay was a severe blow to professions like pickpocketing.

At the same time, many people gradually fell out of the habit of using cash as they got used to mobile pay. Before mobile pay became so convenient, part of Father Wang's author's remuneration had been mailed to him.

Thus, Father Wang had collected quite an amount of cash at home over the years.

Father Wang had thought of putting it in the bank before, but when he thought about how he would have to go to the bank and withdraw the money again when he needed it, he felt it was very troublesome, and so just stored it at home.

Now, this cash was primarily used to give Wang Ling his monthly allowance as well as for some minor household expenses such as groceries, upfront express delivery fees and so on. Plus, there were times when Father Wang would find an excuse to dock Wang Ling's allowance, which led to a stockpile of cash that had yet to be used up.

Wang Ling picked up the money from the table and put it in his pocket before he returned to his bedroom.

Father Wang's study was opposite Wang Ling's bedroom. When he walked to the door, Wang Ling found a piece of paper on the ground. It must have been accidentally dropped by Father Wang when he left.

There were all sorts of data analyses and charts on the sheet, and the heading was: Pregnancy Report.

Wang Ling went through the report carefully.

Name: Wang Youlan

Age: 38

Position of fetus: During the checkup, the fetus rolled around inside the body nonstop, and there is a small chance of it becoming entangled in the umbilical cord. It is recommended that a second examination be carried out next month to remove this risk.

Physical state: In very good health. The pregnant woman gets the right amount of exercise and her body is healthy, and is thus in very good shape for birth. Since she previously gave birth naturally, the obstetrician also recommends natural childbirth this time.

At the end of the report, Wang Ling saw that after Mother Wang's pregnancy checkup last night, the due date which the hospital had given was 30th December.

This wasn't the 30th of December next year...

But next month.

This definitely wasn't the result of the hospital using some black tech to force the fetus to develop prematurely, but purely because nutrition in the cultivation world was too good.

Mother Wang had been taking a lot of healthcare supplements these days to prevent miscarriage and to nourish the fetus; some she bought herself, while some were given to her by Zhuo Yi and Lord Thunder.

These tonics were panaceas which were priceless on the market. Eating all of these led to Mother Wang's due date being brought forward significantly.

In addition...

The little girl in her womb wasn't easy to handle to begin with.

Even if Mother Wang didn't use these tonics, her due date would still have been brought forward by a fair bit.

In a typical situation, substantially advanced pregnancies in the cultivation world were a very common phenomenon, but the point was that it was usually shorter by only three to five months.

But this pregnancy was shortened by nine months, which shocked the hospital doctors who saw the due date in the report.

The child was growing too fast, as if it could hardly wait to come into the world!

It was like the opposite team's jungler still picking off the first batch of neutrals when your team's jungler had already eaten up all the neutrals on both sides to gain enough experience to directly jump up nine levels1.

Reading the report, Wang Ling was suddenly curious about his birth.

He saw in the report that Mother Wang had given birth naturally.

In other words, his had been a natural birth back then.

But Wang Ling realized that his memory of it was a little fuzzy.

He indeed had very early memories, but he only had a vague impression of his time in the womb.

To be more precise, Wang Ling's memories only started when he took his first breath of fresh air.

Curious, Wang Ling could hardly wait to see what he looked like when he was born back then.

He went to the basement to search for the video which Father Wang had recorded with an image bead.

Wang Ling remembered Father Wang saying before that he had made preparations long beforehand to record the entire birth in the operating room in order to preserve the moment.

He searched the entire basement with his King's Eye and finally found the image bead which Father Wang had mentioned before.

A year and time were engraved on it, which was the year and day that Wang Ling was born.

After injecting spirit energy into the bead to activate it, Wang Ling very quickly saw Mother Wang's sweaty face and Father Wang's freely-running snot and tears...

Father Wang back then had been really excited...





Chapter 1099 Wang Ling's Birth


Wang Ling had heard from Mother Wang more than once about his own birth. She said that when he was born, he wasn't that much different from ordinary children, so there was nothing much to say about it, but Wang Ling had never believed it.

This time, he saw the video recording from back then, which gave him a rough idea of what his birth was like.

The image bead recorded Father and Mother Wang's slightly immature appearances from back then; their faces were still very young, and Mother Wang didn't have too many wrinkles at the corners of her eyes. Thirty years old was in fact the prime of one's life, whether for men or women, and was the age at which they could work hard to realize their ambitions.

Seeing Mother Wang's head that was full of sweat in the image bead, Wang Ling's heart suddenly ached. A long time ago, giving birth was like hell. With the development of science and technology, there were various methods available nowadays to ensure smooth deliveries of babies; some people who couldn't take the pain chose C-sections.

Wang Ling thought that Mother Wang was just like a heroine.

Throughout the entire process, apart from the sounds of the nurses cheering her on, there was also the sound of Mother Wang trying hard. Everything seemed unexpectedly harmonious.

But after a few minutes, one of the nurses suddenly cried out, "My god! It's out... It's out!"

Reasonably speaking, maternity nurses had witnessed plenty of births, so they shouldn't be so stirred up, but they couldn't help feeling shaken by what they saw.

"What's the matter?" Mother Wang was so tired and covered with sweat, but she did feel a sense of relief; it was like the free flow sensation after being constipated for a long time, and the burden on her body was lifted significantly.

When she saw the surprised faces of the doctors and nurses around her, she became even more curious about the situation. "What's wrong? Is it a boy or a girl?"

"It's a boy..." A female nurse calmed down. She rubbed her eyes. "But it seems that the baby crawled out on his own."

That was right...

Back then, Wang Ling didn't develop awareness until he took his first breath of fresh air, but he did leave behind the legend of a miraculous baby who crawled out of the belly on his own at the maternity hospital...

The only thing Wang Ling didn't have at that time was a name.

He actually crawled out of Mother Wang's belly on his own...

Even Wang Ling himself was very surprised by this end result.

After all, this could be a reflection of what might happen when Wang Nuan was born in a month!

Who knew what method that little troublemaker would use to come out of the shell?

...

Leaving his homework to the two gremlins, Wang Ling began to scroll through the chat history on WeChat. Actually, after Old Pan released him, the group messages hadn't stopped coming in. Some showed him care, while others were more concerned about the outcome of his fight with Xia Ming.

Too many people knew about this matter, and it had spread like wildfire. It would have a huge impact on him for some time to come; clearly, it was unrealistic to hope that it would completely die down with time.

Moreover, since this matter had already spread, he couldn't realistically pay each person a visit and erase their memories one by one... It was sometimes difficult to assess the impact that a video had in an online environment.

The impact of a single sentence could be very critical, to say nothing of a video.

Like the NBA incident that just happened, where a team manager's shocking and explosive comment directly created a storm in the NBA.

So, this person called Morey; did he do it on purpose?

Wang Ling thought it might have been deliberate.

Because looking at the whole picture, the team manager was one of those who stood to benefit the most.

Would a person with a sky-high salary, an understanding of the cultures and bottom lines of various countries, and high academic qualifications, not think about the consequences of his statement? Wang Ling thought the man was cunning as he dragged an entire industry into the mire for his own personal gain, brazenly using "freedom of speech" as a shield. It was extremely ridiculous.

Wang Ling didn't have anymore comments to make on it.

In any case, one just needed to know that this man was very shameless.

The NBA had spent a lot in order to open the door to Huaxiu nation. Now, however, that door was tightly shut because of a single comment on social media that could be called "retarded." Not only that, the NBA chairman even went to the trouble of putting locks on the door afterward.

Everyone knew that the earth still turned no matter what it was missing. It wasn't as if people couldn't live without the NBA. They could watch volleyball and learn from the spirit of the women's volleyball team, or watch table tennis and enjoy the hellish level of fancy play. Wouldn't that be more enjoyable?

Wang Ling didn't respond to the messages from other people. Although he had added a fair number of WeChat friends, many of them were because of his recent reputation... He felt that rejecting them or giving them the cold shoulder couldn't help but seem too impolite; he might as well add and then ignore them. After being rebuffed, some of these people would later delete his name from their lists.

Wang Ling usually used WeChat only to reply to people he knew well.

For example, the four-person group which consisted of Chen Chao, Guo Hao, Su Xiao and him.

"What are you going to do about the matter with Classmate Sun Rong?" Chen Chao asked concernedly.

At the beginning of the semester, Chen Chao himself had also pursued Sun Rong, but he later gave up because there really were too many people chasing her. There were too many competitors and Chen Chao felt that his chances of victory were too low, so he never did anything.

In his opinion, working hard for something imaginary and which couldn't be seen was very stupid. If he had the time and energy to do this sort of thing, he would rather spend it on tempering his own muscles.

After all, the lines of his muscles would only become clearer the more he tempered them.

"Haven't thought about it yet," Wang Ling replied.

He knew that sooner or later he would have to think of a way to deal with it... It looked like it would be another fierce battle tomorrow...

That Classmate Xia Ming definitely wouldn't let him off. As for Sun Rong, Wang Ling still didn't know what on earth the girl was thinking. Although she had confessed to him, she had conversely became the one with the most mysterious attitude; she had holed up at home until now, unwilling to meet anyone.

Tomorrow was Friday. Ultimately, how this incident would be settled actually depended on what Sun Rong wanted to do.

As one of the parties at the center of the incident, Wang Ling could only take it one step at a time...

...

Friday, November 7th.

A stretch limo from Huaguo Water Curtain Group appeared at the gate of Number 60 High. Leaning on a cane, an old man, whose hands were bedecked with gold and silver accessories, slowly emerged from the limo.

Bodyguards stood in front and behind him.

"This is the place, old master," someone in the retinue said to the old man.

A lot of people who saw this old man were utterly astonished at his identity.

This was Sun Yiyuan, the current president of Huaguo Water Curtain Group!





Chapter 1100 Sun Yiyuan's Inspection


As the female lead in this story, Classmate Sun Rong still didn't come to school today, but to everyone's surprise, it was her grandfather who actually came. This chairman of Huaguo Water Curtain Group created waves wherever he went.

This was a sudden move on Old Man Sun's part which no one had anticipated this time. Otherwise, the school gate would have been surrounded by reporters from the major media outlets before the old man arrived.

Old Man Sun wasn't here because he was idle and had nothing to do; he was indeed here on business. The renovation works at Number 60 High were about to begin, and he was here ostensibly to inspect the campus environment. Reasonably speaking, a bigwig on the board didn't need to personally appear for the renovation works; it could have just been left to the engineers under him.

Thus, everyone at school more or less knew why the old man was here.

With just one look at the old man's stretch limo parked at the school gate, Chen Chao couldn't help exclaiming, "Wow, Wang Ling... The chairman of Huaguo Water Curtain Group is here! The father-in-law has come to inspect the son-in-law!"

Hearing this, Wang Ling almost spat out the chocolate milk in his mouth.

What "father-in-law inspect the son-in-law"...

This hadn't even been decided yet...

Besides, Wang Ling didn't have many thoughts on this.

He could only take it one step at a time.

Looking out the window, Wang Ling sighed inwardly.

...

The roads around Number 60 High had already been blocked off, and the area was surrounded by the bodyguards of Huaguo Water Curtain Group. Of course, this was only targeted at media reporters, and didn't affect the movements of ordinary people.

After learning that Sun Yiyuan was at the school gate, Headmaster Chen and Director Shi went to each teacher's office right away and had some teachers who weren't too busy go to the school gate to welcome him.

"Mr Sun, you honor us with your presence..." At the school gate, Headmaster Chen stepped forward to shake his hand.

Old Man Sun shook his hand symbolically and had a photo taken with the headmaster. Looking out the window at this scene, Wang Ling reckoned that this photo would most likely end up in the school history exhibit at Number 60 High someday.

Number 60 High was still in the process of being selected as a key city high school, but every other school had to recognize its notable history. This was an old school that had been around for almost a thousand years; when combined, the total number of years that the dozen or so schools in Peiyuan district had been around for could barely compare with Number 60 High.

"I've always been concerned about the children's learning environment. Coming to Number 60 High this time, I find that it's much better than I expected. It's slightly out of date on the whole, but the moment I passed through the school gate, I could sense the intense scholarly atmosphere. How nostalgic..." As Old Man Sun expressed his thoughts, someone in his retinue recorded his words down in a small notebook. Smiles blossomed on the faces of the teachers who had come out to greet Old Man Sun.

As chairman of Huaguo Water Curtain Group, Sun Yiyuan had met his fair share of bigwigs, and was naturally excellent at speaking words that were very comfortable and refreshing to listen to.

Headmaster Chen couldn't compare with Old Man Sun, but he knew that these words were just a formality, so he didn't react in an exaggerated way. He merely gave a gratified smile before gesturing in invitation: "Mr Sun, let us go to my office."

...

In the headmaster's office, Headmaster Chen poured Old Man Sun a cup of tea. This was already the best tea he could get his hands on. Sniffing it, Old Man Sun frowned, took a symbolic sip, then put the cup down.

Old Man Sun then said, "With Rongrong's grades, she could actually have gone to a better school. However, she chose Number 60 High herself, so I didn't stop her."

Headmaster Chen nodded. "Sun Rong certainly has excellent grades; she currently ranks in the top ten in the history of our Number 60 High."

"She's my granddaughter, after all - to meet that standard is normal," Old Man Sun said happily, unable to hide his smile. "Actually, Number 60 High and my Huaguo Water Curtain Group have a very deep connection."

Headmaster Chen: ???

Old Man Sun: "In those days, there was a river named Sad Wind on this land which Number 60 High is on."

Hearing this, Headmaster Chen understood instantly. "There indeed was a river here, before Number 60 High was set up. Following the impact of climate change, however, the river dried up. In the end, this land changed several times. A mausoleum was set up here first, and then replaced with a school."

"That's right, that's it."

Old Man Sun said, "Back then, when my ancestors successfully refined the first medicinal pill, they used the water from Sad Wind river. That's why I said that we have a deep connection with Number 60 High."

Headmaster Chen was dazed by these words. He had no idea that Number 60 High and Huaguo Water Curtain Group shared this unknown story.

"My ancestors refined the first medicinal pill here. That this land can be used for a mausoleum and then a school, nothing needs to be said about the feng shui here. After these hundreds of years, I've come back here to help reconstruct Number 60 High, which can be seen as a representation of my ancestors' feelings for this land," Old Man Sun said.

After chatting for a while, the atmosphere gradually turned friendlier. Once they started chatting, they naturally talked about all sorts of things.

The truth was that from the moment Old Man Sun entered the school, he had wanted to ask about Xia Ming and Wang Ling. There had been so many people around at the time, however, so he had been a little embarrassed to speak about it. Now, sitting and chatting in the headmaster's office, he knew that it was the right time for him to ask his question.

"Well, Headmaster Chen... What is your opinion on the matter regarding Student Xia and Student Wang?" After spending so long laying the groundwork, Old Man Sun finally brought up the subject he wanted to ask about.

Headmaster Chen had long known that Old Man Sun would ask him about this, and had naturally already outlined an answer in his mind. "Mr Sun, rest assured. Our school will deal with this fairly, and teach Student Xia and Student Wang to restrain themselves and put their energy into their studies... They're young, so it's normal for them to be impulsive. Student Xia and Student Sun are outspoken individuals, so it's unavoidable. As for Student Wang, he's actually a more introverted kid..."

"He's introverted? So he's from a single-parent family?" At the mention of Wang Ling, Old Man Sun suddenly became interested.

"No, both his parents are around. It may be that his family environment influenced Student Wang's character as a child. But his grades are very stable..." Headmaster Chen was about to say that Wang Ling was outstanding, but when he thought about it again, he remembered that the grades in Wang Ling's report card always seemed to hover around the average. It would be somewhat exaggerated to describe him as excellent, so "stable" seemed more fitting.

But Headmaster Chen regretted it a little as soon as he said it.

He felt that "stable" could refer to a student who got average marks for just a particular period of time.

However, for a student who could get the average mark every single time... It actually wasn't too much to describe such a student as "excellent"!