Chapter 1601 Enthusiastic Citizenãƒ»Li Xian


The impact caused by the meteorite falling to the ground will be huge. Of course Li Xian also knows this.

So in order to avoid affecting other innocent people, he needs to make accurate calculations.

In addition to selecting a meteorite of suitable size from the vast universe, he also needs to accurately calculate the orbit, impact point and the friction the meteorite will endure after entering the atmosphere.

Only by doing the above can we ensure that the meteorite is rubbed to the right size before it breaks out of the atmosphere and falls.

Of course. Li Xian also took double insurance on this.

He placed a border with a radius of twenty meters around the gate of Jiugong's residence.

The meteorite that falls later will fall accurately into the center of the barrier.

The explosive impact generated will be blocked by the barrier.

As the first Vanguard to be sent out on a mission, Li Xian thought he had behaved in a courteous and dignified manner. Li Xian thinks that his behavior is very polite and quality. It is very much in line with the core socialist values of cultivation .

Boom!

When a huge explosion accompanied by a mushroom cloud rising toward the sky rose at the front door of Jiugong's house. The One-Eyed Samurai under Jiugong Xiushi and all the men in black who were following his instructions were shocked.

"What's going on! Go and have a look!"

"yes!"

Two ninjas in black responded and immediately left.

This sudden situation surprised One-Eyed Samurai.

He clearly has control over the entire Jiugong family.

I didn't expect that problems would arise at this juncture.

"Come here!"

Frowning slightly, One-Eyed Samurai felt bad and grabbed Jiugong Xiushi's collar. He stared at him: "Say! What the hell are you doing!"

Jiugong Xiushi also felt inexplicable and confused about the situation in front of him.

He couldn't even figure out the plan he had been planning for so long. But at the end of the plan... Duyan, who had been working by his side. Duyan, who was most loyal to him, actually betrayed him.

At this moment, Duyan stared at him angrily. His pupils were filled with red bloodshot eyes. He looked like he was crazy.

There are rumors that {Ghost Book} will devour the hearts of those it wants to fight for. Jiugong Xiushi didn't expect this to be true...

"My mother treated you well... You can't do this to me..." Jiugong Xiushi's eyes were filled with tears. He was trembling with fear. Duyan was stronger than him. After losing Duyan. He was completely useless.

"I have followed you all these years. I have endured hardship and stood hard work. I have already repaid Madam's kindness."

Duyan sneered: "I won't kill you. This is my last kindness to you. But I have no intention of letting the rest of the Jiugong family go."

"What do you want to do? Kill the whole family? I can go to the police station..."

"Do you have the guts to go to the police?"

One-Eyed Samurai smiled.

He ignored Jiugong Xiushi's words at all.

"The dirty things you asked me to do in the past. Taken together, it's enough for you to be sentenced to several decades."

"Although I promised to let you live, I can't guarantee that your mental health will not be a problem."

"A mentally ill man who is lame and miserable on the street. Do you think anyone will believe you?"

Duyan said. Jiugong Xiushi is also trembling.

Indeed, this Duyan dragon hit the nail on the head, leaving him with almost no room for refutation.

"You know. Why do I recommend that you live in seclusion and hide in this courtyard all year round?" Duyan said: "You think you are in control of the overall situation. But in fact, it is just my strategy. As long as you are in this courtyard, what is really going on outside is How many people know you Jiugong Xiushi?"

At this point, Jiugong Xiushi's face was filled with astonishment.

He didn't expect Duyan's layout to have started so long ago.

"Sorry. I'm looking for a Duyan. Excuse me...should it be here?"

At this time, a clear male voice that Duyan had never heard before came from outside the courtyard. Li Xian lifted the black-clothed ninja who had gone out to gather information with one hand like a chicken, and then casually threw the person in front of Duyan.

He scratched his head politely and bowed slightly to apologize: "Sorry. It seems that I used a little too much force. After all, I haven't met a junior who only has Golden Core for a long time. But this person should not die." Please rest assured. "In modern cultivation society, it is illegal to kill people casually."

Li Xian paid special attention when he first started. However, the cultivators of Golden Core are so fragile. In front of the eternal level powerhouse, they are simply a piece of grass in the wind.

He didn't even push hard enough. The guy who went out there almost died.

Duyan sent a total of two people out.

The person thrown over by Li Xian is now in a dying state.

As for the other ninja in black.

Although he was unscathed, he was still quite frightened.

In order to distinguish them easily, Li Xian plucked out all his hair.

So at this time, Li Xian looked at the bald head and said politely: "Excuse me. If someone else is suffocating later, I would like to trouble you to continue artificial respiration."

This situation could not help but increase the pressure of those present.

No one knows where this madman suddenly came from... He is simply a devil!

"I don't know you. Why are you here?" Duyan stepped forward. His hand was already on the samurai sword at his waist. He was particularly wary of Li Xian's sudden appearance.

"I was entrusted by my master to deal with internal conflicts. In modern terms, you can also call me uncle?" Li Xian said.

Then he analyzed the situation.

Duyan didn't say a word.

Li Xian could roughly figure out what was going on just by looking at it.

Eternal level powerhouse. I have seen many cases where the creatures in the universe have become extinct due to racial strife.

The family is fighting in front of us. An eternal master like Li Xian can guess what is going on with his buttocks.

He immediately laughed and said, "But now it seems that you are already fighting among yourself. It seems inappropriate to use the identity of old uncle. Just think of me as an enthusiastic citizen passing by."

"Enthusiastic...citizens..." Duyan's mouth twitched.

"Yeah. I was just passing by and came to see what was going on. After all, a meteorite just fell on your house. It happened to break through the door of Jiugong's house."

"Meteorite?"

"Yes. A meteorite. Why is this meteorite so accurate? It just hit the door of Jiugong's house. If someone summoned it deliberately, it would be too unethical. It must be strongly condemned!" Li Xian said .

"This meteorite...was summoned by you?" Duyan was shocked.

"Eh. Have I been discovered." Li Xian sighs

Duyan looked doubtful.

He immediately reached out and strangled Jiugong Xiushi's neck: "Don't act rashly! If you come here again, I will break his neck!"

"Don't worry. I'm not coming."

Li Xian took the initiative to take a step back: "Anyway, you will be on the road together soon."

As soon as he finished speaking, Li Xian raised his head and looked at the sky.

Everyone here looked along his line of sight. There was an extremely shining light in the sky. Two more huge meteorites were falling rapidly from the sky...

Li Xian also engraved characters on these two meteorites.

One East.

One wind...





Chapter 1602 A twists and turns ending


Two more meteorites fell from the sky.

This trick of "falling stars" was a common technique used by Li Xian when he traveled around the universe. He has become very good at it.

Li Xian's highest record is to summon 30,000 meteorites with a diameter of 60 meters to land at the same time.

But that was a long time ago.

At that time, Li Xian was still making a final stand against Dao Ancestor Wang to avoid being included in the Corpse Map by Dao Ancestor Wang...

And the current facts have also proved that such resistance is completely useless.

Li Xian has used tricks like controlling meteorites to fall to the ground many times. To him, these destructive meteorites are just playthings that can be summoned and then gone.

He is the eternal strong man.

With this level of strength, it is certainly difficult for ordinary earth monks to understand.

But for ordinary earth cultivators like Duyan, the situation before them is undoubtedly a devastating blow.

Li Xian is too strong.

Powerful beyond expectation.

Just standing here without showing any breath, Duyan could feel a sense of panic coming from his heart.

Although his hand had already grasped the katana, he found that he could not move.

The fear in his heart had completely plunged him into defeat.

At this time, Li Xian walked over without saying a word. He just stood in front of Duyan without doing anything. Duyan and the surrounding ninjas in black fell to their knees with weak legs.

Their whole bodies froze.

The terrifying aura emanating from Li Xian's body made their blood freeze and they were unable to move.

Duyan was horrified.

At this moment, Li Xian drew out the samurai sword from his waist, took a throwing stance and threw it forward!

Chi!

This ordinary samurai sword was covered with a golden coating of light when Li Xian threw it. A film of golden light was attached to it. It strung the two meteorites that were about to fall on the Earth's surface together like beef meatballs. They were carried away from the earth's surface.

And then. There was a big bang in space.

"Have you experienced the feeling of death?" At that moment. Li Xian removes the sheath of the katana from Duyan's frozen hand. With a light touch of his fingertips. The sheath, made of spirit iron, instantly turned into powder.

The difference in strength is obvious.

Even though Li Xian didn't release even a breath, Duyan already knew at this moment that the person standing in front of him was someone who could crush him to death like an ant at any time.

He had no intention of killing Duyan in the first place.

This is no nonsense...

Murder is illegal.

As a role model among the eternal strong men, Li Xian must still be a good citizen who abides by laws and regulations.

Of course, there was actually a deeper reason why he didn't kill Duyan.

"It's all over." At this time, it was getting late. Li Xian looked up at the stars.

He waved his sleeves.

A wave of energy immediately spread out with him as the center.

Duyan only felt a strong pain in his head that disappeared in a flash. Along with the severe pain, Duyan spurted out a large mouthful of blood.

He knew that all the restrictions he had placed at Jiugong's house were lifted in an instant.

Soon, the head of the Jiugong family who was restrained and unable to move, that is, Jiugong Liangzi's father, arrived from outside the courtyard occupied by Duyan with a large group of people.

"You...you blind white-eyed wolf! Shichun trusted you so much before he left! You actually did such a thing!" Jiugong Akagi, the head of the Jiugong family, shouted sharply.

Duyan just lowered his head.

He seemed to know that his situation was over. There was no argument at all.

On the other side, Jiugong Xiushi's eyes suddenly widened at this scene. He seemed to have thought of something and seemed particularly surprised.

"Xiushi. Are you okay?" Jiugong Akagi saw Jiugong Xiushi's pale expression. He couldn't help but stepped forward and asked with concern.

"I'm fine. Father..." Jiugong Xiushi said softly.

He didn't dare to look directly into the corner of his father's eyes, because just a few hours ago, he was still here making plans. He planned to kill his half-sister...

"I didn't expect that Shichun would entrust you to such a person with evil intentions!"

Jiugong Akagi hugged Jiugong Xiushi tightly.

The safety of his son made him relieved a lot. Then he became furious and raised his hand fiercely: "Come here! Get this Duyan dragon! Send it to the police!"

"Yes." Everyone under his command rushed forward.

They put something like a soul-binding device on Duyan, which limited his power. They tied up Duyan and all his black-clad ninjas, and then escorted them away together.

During the whole process, Duyan and the black-clothed ninjas who were trying to have breakfast were silent. The scene was eerily quiet for a while.

After regaining consciousness, Jiugong Akagi just bowed and thanked Li Xian: "Thank you so much for your help, sir! If it hadn't been for your help, my Jiugong family would have fallen into the hands of these rebellious officials and traitors tonight."

He accurately found Li Xian. In fact, it was Li Xian who used spiritual power to transmit the events that just happened to Jiugong Akagi's mind.

Summon meteorites to instantly lift restrictions...

Such a big boss came specially to visit. Of course Jiugong Akagi had to give face!

And the most important thing is that Li Xian saved Jiugong Xiushi... For Jiugong Akagi, this is a debt of gratitude that cannot be repaid!

"But you and I are strangers to each other...Why did you help me?"

At this time, Jiugong Akagi was eager to know Li Xian's true identity.

He knew that the so-called "enthusiastic citizens" were just excuses.

Looking at Jiugong Akagi's eyes full of curiosity, Li Xian sighed slightly.

He cannot directly say that his master is Wang Ling. But he can mention something else.

"Actually, I am from Gray Cult." So, Li Xian said.

"Gray Cult?" Jiugong Akagi frowned.

He felt that this teaching seemed a bit familiar...

Previously, within Jiudaohe, the shareholders of foreign-funded enterprises and Ueki Kimisan from the Academic Affairs Office seemed to have some criticisms of this student literary exchange organization.

Jiugong Akagi didn't care at first. But until now, he finally knew the weight of this Gray Cult.

A student organization... actually has such a big boss hiding. And the other party clearly claims that he is from Gray Cult... which proves that Li Xian is of this level and is not the leader of Gray Cult...

So here comes the question. Who is the leader of Gray Cult?

Even Jiugong Akagi was a little curious now.

...

After cleaning up Duyan's group, Jiugong Akagi very enthusiastically invited Li Xian to attend the surprise banquet in the evening.

Mainly for the sake of my eldest son Jiugong Xiushi and other children who were frightened by this turmoil.

After this incident, the internal disputes in the Jiugong family will subside for a while. Jiugong Xiushi was originally the biggest leader, but now he has been taught a lesson. Even if the others have ideas, they may not have the courage to take action in the short term.

Jiugong Liangzi, who is still in Huaxiu, has become the biggest winner.

After three rounds of drinking.

Li Xian came to the balcony, lit a cigarette and held it in his mouth.

Smoking.

This is something he just learned.

Jiugong Xiushi was sitting in a wheelchair, looking at the moon, without saying a word for a long time.

After the time of a cigarette.

He slowly lowered his head: "Mr. Li Xian, didn't you? You already knew..."

Jiugong Xiushi knows. Li Xian is not an ordinary person.

Jiugong Xiushi has never understood why Duyan suddenly betrayed him. He is obviously such a loyal person.

However, when Duyan and the group of black-clad ninjas were detained and everyone was taken away so quietly, Jiugong Xiushi understood instantly.

"Because only in this way can he protect you." Li Xian said leisurely.

Duyan's intention.

In fact, he already knew it when he stepped into the yard.

It was precisely because of this that Li Xian did not kill him. Not only from the perspective of modern law...

In essence, Duyan is still a kind and compassionate person.

He did not live up to his promise to the eldest wife of the Jiugong family.

Still trying his best to protect Jiugong Xiushi's thoughtfulness.





Chapter 1603 The defeated Ueki Kimisan


Li Xian has long seen through the nature of the problem. In the final analysis, this is Duyan's own choice. He is too lazy for an outsider to interfere.

Duyan is a smart man.

Although this act apparently controlled the entire Jiugong family, it was actually an attempted crime that did not result in any deaths.

In terms of sentencing, it should not be as direct as the death penalty.

You may be sentenced to a long time.

But even if he is sentenced to a long time, he probably won't have the chance to be locked up with the mahjong trio.

The Mahjong trio actually had no interaction with Li Xian. But he knew so many things. Naturally, Wang Ling passed all the basic information to him.

He knows very well. For Wang Ling, he is just a "tool man." He will inevitably have to help out with more errands in the future.

However, Li Xian doesn't care about this "positioning."

Especially after he clearly realized the gap between himself and Wang Ling. He felt that working under Wang Ling seemed to be a good choice.

Just think of it as a practice.

He finished his second cigarette on the balcony. Seeing Jiugong Xiushi sitting in a wheelchair with a depressed look, he suddenly felt that the atmosphere was a little sad.

"Mr. Li, can I ask a question?" Jiugong Xiushi asked.

"You said."

"Why don't you tell my father the truth."

"Because it means Miss Jiugong."

"she?"

Jiugong Xiushi showed an incredible expression.

"Miss Jiugong Liangzi knows your heart very clearly. But she doesn't want to care about it."

"But...why..."

Jiugong Xiushi lowered his head: "She obviously hates me the most...I am a cripple. I have not made any contribution to the Jiugong family..."

"But you are still her brother."

Li Xian said: "Remember when she was a child and she took you to the temple fair with her in a wheelchair? Did you buy apple candies for her? Just this is enough."

These few short sentences have already aroused Jiugong Xiushi's thoughts.

Jiugong Xiushi didn't know which of his muscles was wrong. His tears kept falling like broken beads.

"Your legs should have healed a long time ago. No matter how many excessive things you did to Miss Liangzi in the past, since she chose to forgive you, outsiders like me naturally have no right to say anything."

Li Xian said softly. He patted Jiugong Xiushi on the shoulder: "A man's leg can be broken, but it cannot be broken for a lifetime. Even if you do something wrong, stand up and take responsibility. There is no shame in it."

Having said that, Li Xian returned to the banquet hall alone.

He felt that his mission this time was carried out fairly smoothly.

Wang Ling is given to all the powerful warriors of Corpse Map including Li Xian and Zhang Zhui. The mission points system is adopted.

Each time you complete a task, you will be rewarded with corresponding points. When the points are reached, you can reshape your body and gain freedom.

This is a very fair deal.

Points. To Li Xian and other eternal strong men, they are money.

Li Xian thought that he had never done this before in his eight lifetimes. But since he had accepted the task, he naturally wanted to do it more beautifully.

Make money.

Not shabby.

At the same time, on the other side, the Sun Island High School Student Ranking Closed Competition. Wang Ling officially won the title as "Wang Houlang."

This is something that even Wang Ling did not expect.

Mainly. Wang Ling didn't do anything during the whole process...

Every opponent I met claimed to be from Gray Cult. And they were also their fans.

A good game...he was "sent" to first place.

The most outrageous thing is that these people even put on a show at the beginning.

Then the show continued. Even the referees at the scene said that they were Gray Cult fans. The referee's ball judgment mechanism was artificially modified. So even if the performance of this game was fake, it would not be judged as a fake match.

In front of me, all the opponents Wang Ling encountered were falling one by one like dominoes.

And when the 1 million Sun Island coins from the competition were put into Wang Ling's digital wallet. Wang Ling still feels like he hasn't reacted yet...

He has never had such an easy game.

The money was obtained. And he himself was not too pushy... and did not violate the Old Wang family's family motto of keeping a low profile.

And it's more than that.

Through this wave of closed-door matches, Gray Cult's rules are likely to be further expanded on Sun Island...

...

In the Jiudaohe Academic Affairs Office. Ueki Kimisan's plan to try to find trouble in the closed-door match also collapsed when some people in the venue, from students, teachers to coaches, openly rebelled.

He still hasn't figured out what happened.

At the same time, the foreign Mr. Holland sitting next to him also became extremely ugly after answering the phone.

Because... just one minute ago, the educational investment financial institution they were in was acquired!

Moreover, the Jiudaohe family offered a price that the major shareholders could not refuse. The merger was completed!

This means that the actual control of Jiudaohe High School is now back in the hands of the Jiugong family.

"This is impossible!" Ueki Kimisan roared immediately when he heard the news.

He couldn't accept this fact.

As a pure-blooded shepherd dog, he has invested all his savings and efforts in this foreign-funded educational institution in Holland in order to one day realize his true ambition. Become the principal of Jiudaohe! Complete Jiudaohe Hold it in your hand!

But now. The actual controlling stake has been overturned in a short period of time...

This is something Ueki Kimisan never imagined.

"Who did this?" Ueki Kimisan grabbed Holland's collar, looking furious.

"Mr. Ueki, please calm down..." Holland also showed a helpless expression: "This matter is the work of Jiugong Akagi of Jiugong family."

In fact, even if Holland didn't say it, Ueki Kimisan could still think of it.

In the Jiugong family, which other adult can gather funds in a short period of time and directly annex other industries like a big fish eating a small fish with such a bold and wealthy attitude?

"Akagi? It's him..."

Ueki Kimisan suddenly felt as if all the strength had been relieved from his body. He only felt that his body was unstable: "Akagi...isn't he not optimistic about education? How could he suddenly want to be a principal..."

"Tell you a scary story. Mr. Ueki Kimisan."

"What's the matter?"

At this time, Holland whispered: "It is said that Mr. Jiugong Akagi has also become a Gray Cult believer..."

"Huh?" Ueki Kimisan had a question mark on his face.

Holland: "Tell you another scary story. Mr. Holland..."

Ueki Kimisan: "?"

Holland: "Actually, I am too..."

Ueki Kimisan: "





Chapter 1604 Jisaki's road becomes wider


A grand celebration ceremony was held in the treehouse of Jiudaohe High School around "Wang Houlang" who was the first high school student to reach the summit of Sun Island.

Previously, this place was originally used as a place for Class S students to show off their superiority.

But now as the scale of Gray Cult has further expanded, although Jiudaohe still maintains the classification system on the surface, in fact the discrimination in all aspects has been greatly reduced.

Those Class S students who used to look at people through their nostrils have also become humble. At least when they see students in lower-level classes, most of them will no longer assume that condescending attitude.

Even in the corner of the campus, you can see harmonious scenes of students from Class S publicly instructing students in lower-level classes.

Campus equality.

This is the general trend.

At present, Jisaki has applied in the name of the head of the Gray Cult branch to abolish the hierarchical mechanism. I believe this will be responded to soon.

As for some very few people who like to bully others, the Jiugong family will never tolerate such issues easily after they take over Jiudaohe High School again.

The morning of the next day. That is, the morning of Monday, December 21st.

Ueki Kimisan was indicted by the Sun Island police and prosecutors on suspicion of abuse of power and bribery. When he left Jiudaohe in handcuffs, his back standing at the school gate looked slightly depressed.

But no one has the slightest sympathy for Ueki Kimisan.

He has gone crazy. His eyes are covered with red bloodshot eyes. His mental condition has become very unstable.

Everyone feels it. That person is from Gray Cult.

"You! Are you from Gray Cult? You must be from Gray Cult too! You...you are all in the same group! Liar! Big liar!" Ueki Kimisan roared hysterically. His body twisted crazily. However, the police used a large hand to hold him tightly.

Because they were worried that this resistance might cause the suspect to be injured during transportation, the police here reluctantly applied a "sedation technique" to Ueki Kimisan.

When they were being sent to the car, Aoshiro Ichiro, the captain of the local police station in charge of the case, smiled coldly: "Sedation + sleepy black tea. This guy must have slept for dozens of hours."

"His mental condition is very unstable. Is it really okay?"

"Don't look at him like this. He's probably just faking it. The psychiatrist has already come to evaluate him. He's mentally normal."

Police captain Aoshiro Ichiro said: "Using mental illness to escape legal sanctions does not work here. I hate this kind of people the most. I will definitely give this guy a few more years in prison."

In fact.

The psychiatrist was sent by Jiugong's family.

and...

At the request of Jiugong Akagi, the head of the Jiugong family, the doctor also joined Gray Cult...

So in the process of escorting Ueki Kimisan.

Gray Cult has become a new topic of conversation among the accompanying police officers.

"Speaking of which, this Gray Cult... is probably just a student literary organization, right? Why is it so powerful?" a police officer asked.

He is not a child.

But there are really a lot of question marks.

A student literary club. Behind it, the Office of Strategic Deception, Huaguo Shuilian Group, Jiugong Family and first-class sects from various countries have come forward to support...

These are all world-renowned sects and consortiums in the world today.

It's really incredible that he would secretly help a small literary club.

"Don't think too much. It's just a coincidence." Aoshiro Ichiro said.

His expression looked nonchalant.

In fact...this was the result of the boss giving him some advice. Gray Cult adheres to the principle of keeping a low profile. Therefore, regarding Gray Cult's matters, department leaders at all levels have specifically instructed that no discussion is allowed internally or externally.

Officer Aoshiro Ichiro knows this alone. This is something he shouldn't know.

So it was for his own good and for the sake of his subordinates. Since the superior asked them to act as if they didn't know, he should have obeyed this order.

Therefore, no matter who in the team, whenever someone mentions Gray Cult, Aoshiro Ichiro will act nonchalant.

"Captain, do you want to join Gray Cult?" Someone asked again at this time.

"It's a student organization. What's the point of joining? How many years have we graduated? Is there really anyone who would join Gray Cult? No way?" Aoshiro Ichiro chuckled and scoffed.

Meanwhile on the other side.

In the Jiudaohe student office. Ma Jiao is entering the new batch of Gray Cult member lists into the computer.

She tapped on the keyboard and typed the first name.

Aoshiro Ichiro...

...

Number 60 High School's group returned home at 8 o'clock that evening. They took the Jiugong family's express flight. They also used the Jiugong family's private immortal boat.

The Jiugong family's matter was perfectly resolved. Wang Ling also received the bonus for buying gifts for Ah Nuan girl. Everything seemed to have no other regrets.

Calculated from the itinerary. Wang Ling can return to the Wang family villa with gifts that night.

In a separate room in the wooden house. With Jisaki's careful arrangement, Wang Ling was able to be isolated from the fanatical Gray Cult believers outside.

Sun Rong was giving a thank-you speech outside. The bursts of applause and laughter suddenly gave Wang Ling a special sense of peace of mind.

He was grateful to the girl in his heart.

If Sun Rong wasn't here...he wouldn't know how to deal with this situation.

"Houlang Sang. Will there be a chance to see you again in the future?" Compared to the joyful atmosphere outside, Jisaki, who was already very familiar with Wang Ling in the wooden house, showed a very sentimental expression.

He felt reluctant to give up.

Although he didn't spend a long time with Wang Ling, he felt that he had been conquered by Wang Ling.

Jisaki has been busy these past two days. In fact, Wang Ling has seen it all.

And the most important thing is that he is really considerate. He has thought of almost everything.

This is also the first foreign friend Wang Ling has made.

Wang Ling is naturally very cherished.

"Yes." Wang Ling replied.

He didn't know how he should express his gratitude, so he gave Jisaki a set of enlightened 60 High School uniforms.

The weather in Sun Island is hot. I don't need thermal underwear or anything like that. Wang Ling thinks it's not as practical as sending school uniforms.

Moreover, this set of school uniforms is different from the ones I initiated at the beginning. It is a completely new one.

This is the 60 High School uniform that was enlightened using the Wang Ling 3.0 version of the {Great Attunement Technique}. It is extremely strong! Even if it travels to the universe, it will be fine!

Wang Ling is wearing the same outfit now.

This is also the main reason why Wang Ling wears school uniforms and fights in various spaces. The school uniforms remain intact.

If it had been anyone else, their clothes would have been in tatters.

"Ah, by the way! Houlang Sang! I...I also have a gift for you!" Jisaki wiped away his tears. He also gave the gift he had prepared to Wang Ling.

There are two things in total.

One of them is a set of pink one-piece baby pajamas. It has a very cute bear pattern on it.

The other item is the limited edition "Sun Crispy Noodles" on Sun Island.

It is said that this crispy noodle is made in a very special way. It is baked by the sun! There is a taste of nature in it...

Saw these two things.

Of course...mainly the second thing.

Wang Ling suddenly felt that his Number 60 High School uniform seemed like a too light gift...





Chapter 1605 The Secret of Liangzi in the 9th Palace


The matter in the Jiugong family has been completely settled. The happiest person is naturally Jiugong Liangzi who is waiting for news in Huaxiu.

Jiugong Liangzi has been paying close attention to the movements of Jiugong's family these days.

She originally thought there would be some twists and turns.

Unexpectedly, everything was handled in an extremely harmonious manner.

And the most important thing is...Gray Cult has actually become popular on Sun Island.

Although there is no publicity on the surface, this religion can actually attract his father to join. As a literary exchange fan support club specially established for Wang Ling, Jiugong Liangzi feels that it is a bit outrageous.

All I can say is that Sun Rong is indeed the opponent she has always respected.

This time she asked Sun Rong to do everything beautifully and he did it beautifully. She submitted an answer sheet with nearly full marks.

But Jiugong Liangzi felt that this matter was not as simple as it seemed.

"What's wrong? You look absent-minded?" Zhuo Yi put a bite of vegetables into Jiugong Liangzi's bowl.

It is actually very obvious when there is contrast in emotions.

Zhuo Yi is in a very happy mood.

Because the master is coming back.

And Zhou Ziyi is also in a good mood, because his legs are already growing and developing.

A toe has grown out of the broken leg after the transplant.

Now Zhou Ziyi's legs are covered by a heat-insulating glass cover. He feels like he is tending two pots of flowers and plants.

It's just different from the ordinary watering method.

In addition to keeping warm, Zhou Ziyi also needs to take in a lot of nutrients to ensure the smooth growth of the granulation in the broken leg.

Seeing that Jiugong Liangzi didn't speak, Zhuo Yi simply guessed the girl's little thoughts.

The two have lived together for so long. Zhuo Yi feels that they still have a tacit understanding.

"If you want to thank classmate Sun Rong. Actually, I have a good suggestion." Zhuo Yi said with a cold smile.

Of course, in addition to this reason, he also thought of other things... but at this juncture, he couldn't take the initiative to bring it up.

Think about it from a routine perspective.

Zhuo Yi thinks.

So much time has passed.

Tonight is already the best moment for a showdown.

"Who wants to thank her..." The girl's cheeks instantly became hot.

Jiugong Liangzi felt that the eyes of the man in front of him were terrifyingly accurate.

It's as if he has some kind of mind-reading spell. He always hits her right where it hurts.

But Zhuo Yi has no such ability...

The main reason is that the girl herself showed her flaws.

For example, when Zhuo Yi went online in the morning, he saw the following search information in the search engine records.

"What do the eldest ladies of the Huaguo Shuilian Group like?"

"What does Sun Rong like to eat?"

"What are the hobbies of Sun Rong from Huaguo Shuilian Group?"

...

Yes.

Jiugong Liangzi is an Internet novice. He usually doesn't know how to search for similar things. He always greets his female assistants and asks them to search, and then tells her in turn.

But now she is living in Zhuo Yi's house these days. She can't speak directly to Zhuo Yi, so she thinks about having enough food and clothing by herself. As a result, she doesn't even know to delete her search history.

"This is a deal! A trade of equal value!" Helpless, Jiugong Liangzi had no choice but to confess.

But in fact, when she said this, the girl's face clearly showed a guilty conscience, because she had other things she was hiding Zhuo Yi...

Two people get along and live together. On the surface it is a relationship between the employer and the bodyguard.

But in fact, in the eyes of outsiders, they are already a couple.

At least when Zhou Ziyi lived with them these days, he always treated her as "sister-in-law."

Jiugong Liangzi thought he would mind very much.

On the surface, he scolded Zhou Ziyi not to talk anymore, but in his heart, he was not disgusted by such a title.

She is not a fool.

Zhuo Yi said that the relationship is between the employer and the bodyguard. But how can an employer live directly in the bodyguard's home...

Although Jiugong Liangzi didn't say anything about this relationship, judging from his actions, he actually recognized Zhuo Yi.

Now the matter at Jiugong's side has been resolved.

Sun Rong and the others will also return home soon.

All order will return to normal.

What gift to buy for Sun Rong as a thank you is a headache for Jiugong Liangzi.

But mostly because. She feels like she's going to have to leave when things get back to normal.

Even when I first lived here Zhuo Yi.

Jiugong Liangzi had various discomforts. But now when she thought of leaving immediately, she realized that Zhuo Yi had already laid a dragnet to trap her tightly.

...

It was a boring dinner.

Zhou Ziyi is a smart person. He vaguely felt that something big was going on tonight, so he hid in his room after eating and didn't say a single word.

Zhuo Yi saw this. He knew the time had come.

So he took the initiative to knock on Jiugong Liangzi's door. The door was not closed tightly. It was just ajar. Zhuo Yi knocked twice and opened it.

When he entered the door, he saw Jiugong Liangzi packing his things in a storage bag. There were two faint traces of tears on his face. His eyes were also red, as if he had just cried.

Zhuo Yi said nothing. He just took a step forward, stretched out his arms, and hugged Jiugong Liangzi tightly from behind: "Do you really want to leave? Liangzi?"

That voice was so soft that only two people could hear it.

From the moment Zhuo Yi walks in the door.

Start by saying what you just said.

Jiugong Liangzi felt that his last psychological defense line had been breached.

Her legs were a little weak. The storage bag in her hand fell down. While wiping her tears, she said: "I have always said that you are a liar...actually...actually I...I am the liar..."

"In this life, there are always times when people lie. One or two lies is normal. What's more, even if Liangzi lies, it must be a kind lie." Zhuo Yi laughed. He buried his face in the girl's shoulder. Said softly.

"But I...but this lie of mine is not kind..." Jiugong Liangzi suddenly pushed Zhuo Yi away. He straightened his flat upper body slightly and rested his head on Zhuo Yi. chest.

Zhuo Yi only felt the temperature of his body rising sharply. It exploded instantly.

It was rare for a girl to take the initiative, which made him happy.

"I also have something to hide from you. Let's do it like this. You say one thing and I say another. Let's exchange." Zhuo Yi said.

Jiugong Liangzi looked at Zhuo Yi in his eyes. He could no longer suppress the sin of lying in his heart.

She stared at Zhuo Yi. She mustered up her courage and said: "Zhuo Yi...Actually...actually, I am not sixteen...I am older than my classmate Sun Rong.. I am 20 years old this year..."

"Yes."Zhuo Yi nodded. The expression on his face was unwavering.

This is Jiugong Liangzi's biggest secret all the time.

At least in her own opinion, it's a secret.

But Zhuo Yi didn't care at all.

Because this means it.

He and Jiugong Liangzi can interact normally!

And he doesn't have to be accused of being a pervert who likes sixteen-year-old girls...

"Why are you... not surprised at all..." Faced with Zhuo Yi's bland reaction, Jiugong Liangzi felt surprised.

"What I like is you. What does age have to do with it? Even if you tell me you are a 200-year-old witch, I won't mind it." Zhuo Yi said and hugged the girl tighter.

"Who is the witch..." Jiugong Liangzi shed tears. He lightly bit Zhuo Yi's shoulder.

Zhuo Yi remained silent.

After a few seconds, he asked, "Are you feeling comfortable?"

"In exchange, I'll tell you something. I'm hiding something from you."

At this time, Zhuo Yi said: "Do you still remember the first time when you came to Number 60 High School to find me?"

"Of course I... remember."

"I've loved you since then."





Chapter 1606 Zhuo Yi's Thoughts


The issue of "age" has always been a thorn in Jiugong Liangzi's heart. Especially after Jiugong Liangzi found out that he really fell in love with Zhuo Yi, the guilt in his heart became even stronger.

She was obviously entrusted by her family to come to Huaxiu to investigate information about this old liar. She wanted to take advantage of this wave of anti-counterfeiting to expand the Jiugong family's market in Huaxiu.

It turned out that because of his age, Jiugong Liangzi felt that he was not qualified to scold Zhuo Yi.

She is also a liar.

It was only now that the matter was told that she felt much more at ease...

The two of them stayed in the bedroom for a long time. They both felt a great sense of satisfaction. This had already been revealed. Jiugong Liangzi did not hold himself back any longer. The girl lowered her guard and let Zhuo Yi Then hold it.

Jiugong Liangzi always disliked the heat when Zhuo Yi hugged him.

But now he didn't say even a word.

"Do you want to continue playing the game?"

After a while, Jiugong Liangzi suddenly said: "The game of exchanging secrets..."

Zhuo Yi responded calmly: "Okay."

The girl thought that Zhuo Yi would refuse. She didn't expect that he would be so straightforward.

"You first and me first?" Zhuo Yi laughed. He deliberately brought his face very close. With a gangster look: "Then. I'll get better first. My secret is that I actually have a master."

"Do you really have a master?" Jiugong Liangzi was shocked.

There have been rumors outside that Zhuo Yi had a master. Many people even said that the reason why Zhuo Yi became a fighting hero six years ago was because of the help of the master behind him.

But until now, no one has seen the true appearance of Master Zhuo Yi.

Many people conceive Zhuo Yi's master as an immortal old Taoist priest. There is even a variety show specifically focusing on this matter that launched a long-term follow-up investigation on Zhuo Yi.

However, the investigation found that Zhuo Yi's work route is actually very stable. Except for the Headquarters of 100 Schools, his own apartment and going to some schools for official reasons, there is no other abnormal behavior.

What an immortal old Taoist priest...

Not even a hair of this legendary master was visible.

The ones who appear the most around Zhuo Yi are the students who are gathered around asking for autographs.

All of them are wearing oversized school uniforms, with fluffy hair... their faces are full of collagen and childishness. There is no way they look like Master Zhuo Yi.

Then many people focused on the principals of some schools...

For example, Principal Chen of Number 60 High School was once suspected to be Zhuo Yi's master.

But after being suspected, these principals also clarified themselves in public media occasions. They even used something like a big oath...

In front of a national audience. No one would joke about this.

"They say your master is an immortal Taoist priest. Isn't that right?" Jiugong Liangzi asked.

Zhuo Yi gently pinched Jiugong Liangzi's nose: "It's agreed. Each person will tell one. No further questions. It's your turn."

Jiugong Liangzi showed a helpless expression.

She sighed and said: "Okay... let me tell you a secret. In fact, my development is a bit delayed..."

"..." Zhuo Yi glanced at the flat airport in Jiugong Liangzi. The expression on his face remained unchanged.

He had already seen it.

But the problem is. He thinks this is all obvious...

"Liangzi...you are too cunning. Can this be considered a secret?"

"Of course! Why doesn't it count?" Jiugong Liangzi said with great difficulty: "I said my development is delayed. It means there is no possibility of growth in the future!"

"..."

Zhuo Yi was speechless with one sentence.

He didn't say much. He just held Jiugong Liangzi in his arms.

To like someone. Of course, to like everything about a person.

Not to mention that Jiugong Liangzi is an airport now. He would also like it even if it is the Mariana Trench.

And Zhuo Yi himself doesn't have much favorable impressions of girls who are particularly well-developed.

She's still pretty cute. "Liangzi. I don't mind this at all." He hugged the girl tightly. These successive confessions had a strong impact, making Jiugong Liangzi's mind go blank.

She felt that this might be the unique personality charm conveyed by Zhuo Yi.

Zhuo Yi is a courageous person. He takes action when it is time to take action. And he will never hesitate at all.

Facing the world six years ago, Jiugong Liangzi had always had doubts.

Zhuo Yi is just a Golden Core monk. Why is he so brave to rush to the front...

Now. Jiugong Liangzi started to understand a little bit after learning about Zhuo Yi.

This is a man who will never look back once he's determined.

"No more fun...you are the most cunning person." Jiugong Liangzi slapped his red face. He looked at Zhuo Yi and asked: "I have one last question left..."

"You want to ask about classmate Sun Rong, right?"

"Yes. I don't even know how to thank her. Our Jiugong family's matter can be solved smoothly this time. It all depends on her." Jiugong Liangzi said.

After this incident, the conflict between her and Jiugong Xiushi has been completely mediated.

As for the sixth lady who was possessed by a ghost, she is currently undergoing treatment to remove the ghost.

"Your father didn't separate from her?"

"After all these years, we still have feelings. And Zhai Xing Group also has a certain scale on Sun Island. For the sake of stabilizing the situation, even if my father has this idea, it cannot be made public for the time being."

"so it is."

Zhuo Yi touched his chin.

In fact, he was also making insinuations about his future father-in-law's preferences.

Judging from this time, Jiugong Akagi is still a kind and righteous person...Although he married six wives, at least with this burden, he can even bear the rain and dew, and he can hold a bowl of water levelly.

And he really cares about every one of his family members.

As long as he can show some sincerity in the future, he doesn't think the problem is too big.

He found that he liked Jiugong Liangzi even more than he thought.

Especially now when I hold her in my arms.

He felt like he owned the whole world...

...

Monday, December 21st.

Number 60 High School's group returned to Huaxiu country smoothly

During this trip, Wang Ming collected a bunch of new clues about Talisman and deduced new data.

As soon as we landed, Zhai Yin and I rushed to the laboratory without stopping.

And he followed up.

I am also going to meet the citizen scientist "Shou Chong."

As for Zhuo Yi.

As soon as Wang Ling landed, he came directly to pick him up.

Taking over from the master is what a disciple should do.

Of course. He still has some selfish motives...

That's the question about Zhou Ziyi.

"Master... do you... want a disciple? Someone who can work as a tool and make crispy noodles..." Zhuo Yi asked nervously while holding the steering wheel in the car.





Chapter 1607 The person who is the elder brother


As for Wang Ling, I have never even thought about having another disciple.

But he knew. In fact, with Zhuo Yi's current career development in full swing.

After more and more people admire Zhuo Yi. When Zhuo Yi's own light is enough to illuminate the world.

This kind of thing is actually unavoidable.

I heard about Zhou ZiyiWang Ling when I was in Sun Island.

This was a condition put forward in order to win over the teacher named Zhou Xiang.

The fat that Wang Ling rubbed off from his body in those years is actually a versatile raw material for body shaping. You only need to take a little bit to reconnect the residual limbs, or even create a new body.

Later, when helping Li Xian, Zhang Zhui and others shape their bodies.

Wang Ling planned to reuse the fat "waste" that he had rubbed off his body before.

Even the physical body of the eternal strong man can be reshaped. Refitting a broken leg is just a matter of effort for Wang Ling...

However, Zhuo Yi did not ask Wang Ling to do this after comprehensive consideration. Instead, he asked Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi to find out how to "seed legs."

It's a leg technique from the Divine Realm. The effect is similar to Wang Ling's. It just lacks speed and strength.

If the grown leg is attached by the fat from Wang Ling's body.

Once these legs are normalized, they'll be a pair of invincible legs...

Although the method in the God's Domain is a bit slow and inconsistent, it is still the idea of a few Dao Gods. It is not bad after it really grows. And it can surpass most of the earth's monks.

At first, Wang Ling heard about all the things Zhuo Yi did to help Zhou Ziyi. I just felt that he had a special sense of concern for the young man who had broken his leg.

At that time Wang Ling faintly noticed some signs.

I just didn't expect that Zhuo Yi would tell him about accepting a disciple so quickly.

And it was on the first day after he returned to Huaxiu.

Wang Ling is thinking carefully with his chin raised. In fact, he is also thinking about the feasibility of this matter.

"Classmate Zhou Ziyi. How do you feel after being contacted by senior Zhuo Yi?" In the car, Wang Ling fell into silence. Sun Rong beside him asked quickly.

Zhuo Yi mentioned the matter of accepting a disciple in person. He had no intention of avoiding Sun Rong. In fact, he also wanted Sun Rong to help him say some nice words.

And the girl also received this signal, so she chose to speak out at this time.

"He is a very smart person. He is very similar to me when I was young." Zhuo Yi commented.

Zhou Ziyi responded quickly. This made Zhuo Yi particularly fond. Of course, what he liked most was Zhou Ziyi's positive and optimistic attitude.

Ever since I entered work and was even given the aura of a hero. Zhuo Yi feels like my edges have been smoothed by life.

However, he felt a bit of his own youth in Zhou Ziyi.

So he had this idea in his mind at that time.

Wang Ling can hear it. This is not a lie.

The question and answer between Sun Rong and Zhuo Yi is a bit like a cross talk.

But Zhuo Yi's answer is still very sincere.

But Zhuo Yi knew. This matter was actually said quite suddenly. So after expressing his opinion, he still said haha: "Master, I just want to ask for your opinion first... If you think it's not okay... It doesn't matter."

As a result, the tone of his conversation with Wang Ling suddenly became respectful. This made Wang Ling a little uncomfortable.

"It is indeed a bit sudden...but I think so. If you keep Ziyi by your side and push him out to be a talented boy, then all eyes will be on Ziyi. The same goes for you, Master." It's a good cover..."

Um...

Wang Ling nodded silently in his mind.

This is true.

He had heard before that Zhou Ziyi's talent for cultivation was actually quite good. Even with a broken leg, he could still keep up with the level of a normal Earth monk at a normal age.

If there is no broken leg, the basic talent should be about the same as Sun Rong.

However, for the sake of caution, Wang Ling still did not agree directly.

He still decided to investigate for a while before talking about it.

...

It was already past nine o'clock in the evening when Wang Ling got home.

As soon as he entered the door, he felt a soft glutinous rice ball hugging his feet. Then it climbed up skillfully. It didn't stop until it reached his shoulders and rested peacefully on his body.

Then she kept rubbing her fair and pink face on his cheek, like a little milk cat.

This kind of very close contact has always been taboo for Wang Ling.

But the strange thing is that Wang Nuan being so close to him didn't make Wang Ling feel like he wanted to push the little girl away.

So much so that Wang Ling began to have such an idea in his mind.

He thinks his sister is too cute...

It's nice to have a sister...

Wang Ling It is undeniable. This is most likely due to the power of blood relationship.

Of course there is a more important point.

Ah Nuan girl was born not long ago.

But he and his sister have already fought side by side.

At that time, Ah Nuan's shadow was also lying on his shoulder like this.

Wang Ling thought that maybe it was from that time that Ah Nuan developed some kind of dependence on him.

...

Father Wang and Mother Wang were holding various toys in their left and right hands. It looked like they were preparing to put the little girl to sleep.

Both of them were tortured badly. Their hair was messy.

At this moment, Wang Nuan suddenly became quiet. Father Wang and Mother Wang both breathed a sigh of relief, but were also surprised in their hearts.

"It's strange...Ling Ling, have you already met Ah Nuan? She seems to be very dependent on you." Mother Wang couldn't help covering her mouth and smiled.

Before Wang Ling went home, what the couple was most worried about was whether the siblings could live in peace.

Now seeing such a heartwarming scene, Father Wang and Mother Wang instantly knew that they were overthinking.

As soon as he entered the door, the little girl who was noisy before suddenly crawled all the way over like a cat smelling fish.

Then he lay on Wang Ling's shoulder. He closed his eyes and fell into a deep sleep...

This scene moved Father Wang and Mother Wang very much.

The two couldn't help but take out their mobile phones and take pictures. The famous warm scene of the brother and sister living in harmony was filmed from all angles.

"Eh... My dear. You said Ah Nuan girl can only sleep on your shoulder now. What should I do? You still have to go to school." After the video. Father Wang was getting worried.

Right now Ah Nuan is still growing and developing.

If I can only sleep on Wang Ling's shoulder. It's not good for growth and development.

"Why don't we let you take Ah Nuan with you when you go to school? Bring Ah Nuan along?" Mother Wang suddenly suggested.

Father Wang clapped his hands. He called out to the insiders: "Yes! I think it's fine! Consider it as pre-school education!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 1608 Wang Ling's hunky rabbit ears


The idea of Father Wang and Mother Wang is not just a simple talk...

But for real.

When Wang Ling realized that Ah Nuan would really go to school with him tomorrow.

There was still a bit of panic in my heart.

Of course...

Ah Nuan did not follow Wang Ling in his true form. Instead, he was just like when he fought side by side with Wang Ling in the supreme world. He separated into a shadow and lay on Wang Ling's shoulder.

What the shadow hears, learns, and various sensory perceptions can all be fed back to the body simultaneously during this process.

And. low-level cultivators.

That is, those classmates and alumni of Number 60 High School.

The existence of Ah Nuan is invisible.

"Don't worry. Your dad and I will keep an eye on Ah Nuan's body. Don't worry about Ah Nuan peeing on you." Before going to bed, Mother Wang introduced the situation to Wang Ling in a serious manner.

Wang Ling was shocked when he heard this.

He's worried...

It's not about my sister pooping or peeing!

It's true that he has Talisman in his body. But the problem is that Ah Nuan doesn't have it in him yet! Even if it's a shadow, that's scary!

Who the hell would carry a "nuclear bomb" to school!

Wang Ling supports the amount.

I feel like I have a headache.

However, Father Wang and Mother Wang were extremely firm on this matter. He himself also felt extremely helpless.

So he could only find Wang Ming to help.

Wang Ming has now returned to his laboratory. Wang Ling Remember that there is actually a backup seal of Talisman in the laboratory. The strength is higher than the one-time seal.

However, compatibility...Wang Ling cannot actually be guaranteed.

Although he and Ah Nuan are biological siblings, they have different models.

Wang Ling didn't know if sealing Talisman has any effect on Ah Nuan.

Regarding this point, Wang Ming seems to be particularly curious.

"By the way! Now you have reminded me of my order. I thought before that I should do a Talisman experiment for Ah Nuan girl. Why not try it this time? It will also help me promote the follow-up. New Talisman research. It can be regarded as reference data."

Wang Ming said excitedly.

When he returned to Huaxiu earlier, he remembered what he had not done. However, when he was asked by Wang Ling, he suddenly remembered it.

"Ah, by the way. There are two tests this time. Why don't we do them together?"

At this time, Wang Ming said again.

"After I returned to the laboratory, I extracted a substance from the mysterious black stone. Then I diluted it into a black spiritual liquid."

"This spiritual liquid has a strong inhibitory effect. Dropping it on a magic weapon can make the magic weapon have a sealing effect in a short period of time."

"It's a pity. I just broke a dozen sacred artifacts here..."

"..." Wang Ling.

Wang Ming said: "Didn't the golden pacifier you want to give to Ah Nuan be enlightened by you? I don't think it will be damaged by the black liquid."

"How about you ask Ah Nuan to cooperate and conduct a test on this black spirit liquid? I want to see how far it can be suppressed."

"..." Wang Ling.

"Safe... Of course it's safe! Don't you believe these things your brother invented!" Wang Ming crossed his arms and said solemnly: "The worst result is that the earth explodes. At worst, you can wait until after the explosion. Bring it back..."

"..." Wang Ling.

...

Wang Ling is not a demon after all. It is impossible to really use his own sister as a guinea pig.

The stability of the black spiritual liquid extracted from the black stone is currently unknown. If the effect is too strong, it may cause some uncomfortable reactions. On the contrary, it will be counterproductive.

For example, when Wang Ling first wore the sealed Talisman, the original version of the sealed Talisman gave Wang Ling a very uncomfortable feeling. As a result, Wang Ling's body accumulated psychic energy, which directly tore the seal apart. Caused massive power outages around the world and electrical damage in core areas.

Wang Ling was still young at that time... Fortunately, it was just a power outage and some electrical appliances were damaged.

So the most distressing ones are those programmers with their hair pulled back in front of the computer screen.

I have worked hard to invent and create a program for a long time. However, the screen in front of me suddenly blacked out and nothing happened.

So Wang Ling decided to try this black liquid for yourself first.

If there are no adverse reactions, help Ah Nuan put the drops on the golden pacifier.

This pacifier was chosen as a gift for Ah Nuan by Wang Ling on Sun Island.

Originally it was not gold, but pink gold.

The market value is 980,000 Sun Island coins.

Wang Ling bought it without even thinking about it.

But what Wang Ling didn't expect was that the pink gold pacifier would turn into gold after being enlightened by himself. It didn't look fashionable at all. It even had the feeling of being from a wealthy family.

He thought Ah Nuan would be annoying.

In the end, the little girl didn't dislike it at all.

Early morning on Tuesday, December 21st.

A drone stopped at the window door of Wang Ling. Wang Ming sent the spare Talisman in the laboratory and the original liquid of black spirit liquid to Wang Ling.

This bottle of original solution is only 5 ml.

Contained in a special bottle. It looks like only a little bit.

Touching it through the bottle. Wang Ling didn't feel anything special about the black liquid.

He took out a drop and put it on his enlightened 60 High School uniform jacket.

It only took a moment. A circle of special black energy spread out like ripples from the school uniform. This energy turned into silk threads and completely penetrated the school uniform jacket he called without leaving any gaps.

The whole process. Wang Ling and Wang Nuan watched quietly.

Wang Nuan bit the golden pacifier given by Wang Ling. He lay on Wang Ling's shoulder. He had a thoughtful expression. He seemed to be a little troubled by the situation in front of him.

After a while, Wang Ling reached out to touch his school uniform jacket.

I felt like I was being electrostatically charged. My fingertips were numb. But I didn't feel any pain at all.

He didn't hesitate. He took his coat and put it on as usual.

After about a few seconds, some changes began to happen to Wang Ling.

Just above his head, a pair of rabbit ears actually grew, hanging down from his head.

This shocked Wang Nuan who was originally lying on his shoulder. But after calming down, the little girl quickly and boldly reached out to touch the pair of rabbits grown by Wang Ling... I found that my ears were so soft that I could actually feel the bones!

Is this...an adverse reaction of black ectoplasm?

Wang Ling was confused.

But soon, he gave up the idea...

There is no adverse reaction to growing animal ears!

It's 100% the fault of that guy Wang Ming!

Just when he was about to send a text message to question Wang Ming, Wang Ming sent him a message directly as if he had figured it out: "Ah, by the way. I am researching an [animal reagent] here that can make the human body grow. Part of the animal's structure achieves a cute effect. I have always wanted to experiment with you before. So I mixed the reagent with the black spiritual liquid."

"..."

"Don't take off your coat! It's very important to ensure the experimental data. If you take off your coat, I will have to do the experiment again next time."

"..." Wang Ling saw the text message and couldn't help but take a breath of air.

What is the devil...

This is the real devil.

By developing the new Talisman, he actually did something to him!

Wang Ling feels that he must record this matter in a small notebook. One day he will fight back.

After returning from Sun Island, Wang Ling felt that his sense of existence was getting higher and higher. Now he has bunny ears... If he goes to school, he will be laughed at to death.

The key is that his sister is lying on his shoulder and watching his jokes!

With a bit of resentment, Wang Ling came to the bathroom and looked in the mirror.

As a result, I unexpectedly discovered these drooping bunny ears on my head. They are quite cute...

And it doesn't even look like he's wearing a cosplayer's ear.

But why bunny ears?

Is it because he often wears bunny pajamas?

At this moment, Wang Ling is feeling extremely anxious.

Especially when he appeared at the school gate like this, I felt even more uneasy.

Today, the person responsible for standing at the school gate to do the school inspection is none other than the meticulous Teacher Pan.

After more than one semester of contact with Teacher Pan, Wang Ling has a deep understanding of this person's character.

Teacher Pan has always been an old-fashioned conservative. He doesn't like students doing fancy things.

For example, let's take a boy's hairstyle. Either it's a crew cut like Chen Chao's. Even if you have hair with bangs, it shouldn't be too long. What stands out is the word refreshing.

As for the girls, Teacher Pan prefers short hair that reaches the ears. If you insist on having long hair, it is not impossible. Her request is that at least it should not be let down. It is best to tie it into a ponytail.

Now I have a rabbit that comes to school

I can't take these ears off for a while. Wang Ling feels that there is a high chance that I will be criticized by Teacher Pan.

He bowed silently at the school gate. Wang Ling moved forward with his head lowered. He was about to lead the cute little sister who was lying on his shoulders to pass the test.

As a result, at this time, Teacher Pan's serious voice suddenly came from behind: "Wang Ling. Just wait!"

"..."

Wang Ling immediately stopped.

If the eternal warriors in Corpse Map saw this scene, they would definitely feel sad.

The immortal king who just recently beat Fenmu Shen, who inherited the bloodline of the Outer God Sotos, to the ground. He actually stopped in his tracks because of the head teacher's voice.

Sure enough...the strongest humans in this universe are still the teachers in the school!

"Wang Ling. Why do I feel like you are a little high-shouldered?"

Wang Ling, Wang Nuan: "..."

High and low shoulders are normal...

Because Ah Nuan girl is lying on his right shoulder!

Although this is just a shadow, the shadow is really extremely heavy!

Although the shadow shares half of the weight of Ah Nuan's body, it still weighs more than 40,000 kilograms...

Seeing Teacher Pan calling out to him at this moment.

Wang Ling and Wang Nuan were both shocked.

At this moment, Teacher Pan stretched out his hand.

Ah Nuan instantly became more alert.

In the end, Teacher Pan just walked over and gently tapped Wang Ling's back: "Don't be hunched over. Boys should walk straight to look energetic."

"eh..."Wang Ling nodded and agreed.

He was about to leave. But then Teacher Pan suddenly stopped him again: "Wait a minute! What's going on with that thing on your head?"

As soon as this voice came out, Wang Ling knew immediately. Everything was over.

Being stopped and lectured so humiliatingly at the school gate will definitely become the focus of Number 60 High School today.

The result was unexpected. Teacher Pan, who had always been serious, actually laughed out loud in the next second: "Wang Ling. That's okay! Rabbit ears! What a macho rabbit!"

Wang Ling: "..."

She reached out and stroked Wang Ling's ears. Is it a temporary after-effect of practicing magic in private?"

It's a real animal organ. Teacher Pan is actually not to blame.

It's just that Wang Ling didn't realize that Teacher Pan thought that way.

I thought he practiced some other magic in private, which resulted in this kind of sequelae.

"Don't be nervous. This temporary ear will disappear in a few hours." Teacher Pan couldn't help but smile.

As a teaching pioneer at Number 60 High School. In fact, many similar things have happened in the school in the past years.

Many physical techniques and spells developed with spiritual beasts as inspiration will cause monks to have intermittent sequelae when their practice is not in place or when their practice is too in-depth.

That is, growing the organs of an animal.

Teacher Pan at Number 60 High School saw many examples of this. There were students and teachers.

In modern Cultivation Academy, there is nothing surprising.

There are many side effects of spells.

In fact, sometimes the sequelae of animalization like this are just a little embellishment of the cultivation life.

It's a lot better than the rulers of some cultures going around without masks and getting infected with new pandemic viruses. It's not clear what the consequences of contracting the new epidemic virus will be.

Maybe it will cause a mental shock. So you can inject disinfectant and bleach into your arm...

These days, even elementary school students know that this is something that cannot be done. But some people actually try it.

This is the most outrageous!

Back to business.

The side effects of animalization are actually nothing to Teacher Pan.

As long as you don't intentionally wear that kind of cosplay headgear, Teacher Pan will never say another word.

No problem...

At this moment, I saw that Wang Ling had grown a pair of bunny ears. Teacher Pan even thought that it would be good if Wang Ling could keep it forever.

This has been more than a semester. Wang Ling doesn't like to talk, and she has a very clear personality of being taciturn.

Such cute rabbit ears grow on Wang Ling. There is really an indescribable contrast in cuteness.

"fine."

Before letting Wang Ling leave, Teacher Pan made the above two-word evaluation of Wang Ling's rabbit. He did so with a smile. Seeing this made Wang Ling feel guilty.

And looking at Wang Ling's leaving figure, Teacher Pan couldn't help but sigh.

Wang Ling. As expected, he was not disappointed.

Under normal circumstances, students who take time to study spells in private are mostly pursuing their studies.

During these days as a class teacher, Wang Ling's grades have always been at an average level.

Teacher Pan is a little skeptical now...

Is this guy trying to score points?

How can a person who studies so hard get an average score every time? It is too unrealistic.

...

For a whole week Wang Ling and Sun Rong were studying on Sun Island as exchange students. There was no homework to write or make up, they lived in the best room, enjoyed the best beauty and even brought together a lot of Gray Cultists.

There was even an extra scholarship awarded by the school after returning... This is something that is definitely a source of hatred for some hard-working students who are still catching up on their homework during the National Day holiday. Wang Ling's group of exchange students son.

As a result of not seeing each other for a long time, they naturally became the new focus after returning to school.

And Sun Rong also takes this into consideration.

He was worried that Wang Ling would be surrounded by a group of people as soon as he came to school. He might not be used to it, so he came to school early to answer many people's questions.

"My classmate, Sun Rong, I heard that Jiudaohe High School on Sun Island has a student who has already reached the golden core in his freshman year?"

"Is xenophobia serious? Are they friendly to us? I still want to travel next year!"

"Is the food in Jiudaohe cafeteria delicious? How does it compare to our Number 60 High School?"

...

Every question Sun Rong was answered in detail.

As long as she answers clearly, many people who have asked for the answer will naturally stop harassing Wang Ling.

Of course. Among the above questions, there are also some gossips that Sun Rong doesn't know how to answer...

"Classmate Sun Rong! Is there a real octopus in the octopus balls on Sun Island!"

"Classmate Sun Rong! Is Satomi Ishihara really married? Do I still have a chance!"

"..."

These questions.Sun Rong can only smile and laugh.

She herself doesn't pay much attention to the problems of these idol stars.

After all, with the financial resources of the Huaguo Shuilian Group, there is no idol star that cannot be invited. This is not the least bit strange to Sun Rong... After all, she has ten pieces of pocket money a month. As much as 100 million. As long as she is willing, it is not a problem to change celebrities to come to the school every day to deliver the lunch broadcast.

After answering everyone's questions while maintaining a calm attitude as much as possible, Sun Rong felt himself let out a long sigh of relief.

Next. There won't be so many people harassing Wang Ling!

However, what she never expected was...

When she turned around and looked at the back table, Wang Ling was actually surrounded by a large group of people!

The key is that these people are not here to ask questions. They are here to watch Wang Ling's bunny ears!

"This..." Sun Rong watched this scene from a distance. She didn't know what was going on with Wang Ling's bunny ears. But she was still blushing! She felt like her whole body was about to be shaken by Wang Ling's bunny ears. Wang Ling got carried away!

She couldn't help but roar in her heart.

It only took a moment. The girlish heart that was ready to move overflowed.

This is...too cute!!!

The group of people surrounding Wang Ling also exclaimed from time to time.

"Ah! Awsl! So cute! Those are real bunny ears!"

"I'll rub Wang Ling. These rabbit ears don't match you normally! Are they really the sequelae of practicing magic? Are you sure you didn't use any medicine? You did it on purpose!" Chen Chao couldn't help but stretched out his hand and pulled it. The furry touch made him feel relaxed and happy.

"It's really cute." Guo Hao also praised.

He felt that his spiritual pet store should buy more rabbits of different types.

Originally, he had no interest in the rabbit spirit beast.

But after seeing Wang Ling, I suddenly felt that the rabbit was very cute!

You can also raise little rabbits!

Instead of just serving them to the table!

At this time, everyone's thoughts are actually the same.

They say that young pig-headed boys will not dream of bunny girls...

They suddenly thought that it would be great if Wang Ling could keep bunny ears forever!

...

Wang Ling thought that he would be completely overwhelmed by the crowd on his first day back to school. But in fact, this kind of crowding did not last even for the first class.

Because the first class was the class of Monk Jin Deng disguised as Teacher Huo Ding.

As soon as Jin Deng came out, he gave everyone a set of animal transformation spells.

Since everyone is animalized, the rabbit ears of Wang Ling are naturally not alien.

This can be regarded as Jin Deng smoothing things over for him.

But in fact. This course was also proposed by Sun Rong to Jin Deng.

On the one hand, the girl feels that it is not good for Wang Ling to be constantly surrounded.

On the other hand, when she saw some girls touching Wang Ling's bunny ears, she felt a full sense of resistance in her heart!

Just watch and watch!

How did you get started with this?

One by one...Have you never seen a rabbit in the zoo?

Just a pair of bunny ears...

ah!

I really want to touch it too!

With this thought, Sun Rong was completely going crazy.

In order to prevent those girls from attacking Wang Ling again.

Her mind immediately changed and she entrusted Monk Jin Deng to take such a course.

So, after the "Animal Transformation Spell" tutorial, the entire Grade 1 and 3 classes completely turned into a zoo.

Chen Chao has grown a pair of horns and an ox tail, which is particularly in line with this person's style.

Guo Hao seems to have completely merged with his parrot Er Dan. The hair on his head has turned into a parrot color.

And Sun Rong has the biggest change.

Not to mention a pair of fluffy snow-white fox ears sprouted from the top of his head. There were actually nine fluffy tails behind him.

"Oh my god! It's a nine-tailed fox! So cute!"

"As expected of the president of our student union! Even the animals that turn into animals are different from others!"

Many boys and girls were instantly attracted to Sun Rong.

Normally, it would not turn into a legendary thing like a nine-tailed fox.

But Sun Rong still didn't want Wang Ling to receive too much attention, so he made his animal image look even more surprising.

When everyone's eyes were focused on her, naturally no one would notice Wang Ling anymore.

So.

When the morning classes were all over, Sun Rong received another grateful toffee from Wang Ling in his pencil case.

It's still the white rabbit.

However, the packaging of this gratitude toffee is slightly different from the previous one.

There is an extra line of small words on the packaging: "Double the sugar!"

Thinking of the last time Wei Zhi's chest turned into an inflated air bag after eating toffee, Sun Rong couldn't help but blush.

Ah this...

If you want to eat this, it won't be more exaggerated!

The last time Wei Zhi ate it was already very exaggerated!

Put the candy away carefully. Sun Rong took the initiative to use a "cooling technique" to calm down.

...

It was lunch time. Sun Rong was sitting at the desk in the student union office with his chin held high.

All I can think about is Wang Ling's pair of bunny ears.

She really wanted to...touch and see!

"Ying'er?"Sun Rong shouted. She wanted to ask Sun Ying'er what her opinion was. But Sun Ying'er didn't reply to her.

She found that Sun Ying'er, who had always been noisy, became extra honest today.

There's not even a sound left!

"What's wrong with you Ying'er. Why don't you speak? Is the Master of Shadows persecuting you again?" Sun Rong asked with a smile.

Sun Ying'er obediently maintained the image of a shadow. She didn't even dare to show her human form. She mysteriously told Sun Rong: "It's none of that person's business! It's much scarier than him!"

Ah Nuan girl, the master of Shadow, is lying on Wang Ling's shoulder.

Sun Rong although invisible.

But she can definitely see it...

Throughout the morning's class, Sun Ying'er felt like a pair of terrifying eyes were watching her from behind. The sight made her whole body tremble.

I feel like my parents are watching me do my homework from behind.

She didn't expect that Wang Nuan would actually form a shadow and come to the school...

And it seems that as of now, the brother and sister don't plan to tell anyone about this matter.

So Sun Ying'er naturally didn't have the guts to reveal Wang Nuan's existence.

"You're not normal... You're acting weird today." Sun Rong muttered.

Of course, she didn't have free time to think about why Sun Ying'er was so obedient today. She was thinking about Wang Ling's bunny ears.

"We are an old married couple. If you want to touch it, just go and touch it. Just do it." Sun Ying'er suggested quietly.

"What an old couple...you're talking nonsense again."Sun Rong was said again and blushed.

It's not like she hasn't thought about what would happen if she directly touched it...

But in that case, she felt that it was disrespectful to Wang Ling.

There is no difference from those uneducated girls!

Just when Sun Rong was extremely confused, there was a knock on the door of the Student Union Office.

"Please come in." His thoughts quickly returned. Sun Rong said with his fingers crossed and his chin supported.

A figure wearing a 60 High School uniform pushed open the door and walked in. What caught his eye was Sun Rong, a somewhat surprised person.

"Classmate Jiugong Liangzi...why are you here?"

"I didn't come here just to thank you!" Jiugong Liangzi crossed his arms and hummed.

"..."

That's a bit obvious.It's a bit too obvious...

Sun Rong couldn't help laughing: "Then please sit down..."

In fact, she felt that she was the one to thank.

In fact, Sun Rong didn't help much with Jiugong's family matters. Most of them were done by Li Xian. And she only provided some bargaining chips for cooperation.

This time she went abroad with Wang Ling.

It was the first time in Sun Rong's life that she and Wang Ling went out together. But she also learned a lot about love from Zhai Yin... And more importantly. She felt closer to Wang Ling.

It's not the untouchable feeling I had before.

At least now Wang Ling can understand her feelings. I will thank her.

When nothing happened, I put a toffee into her pencil case...

Every time I think of this, Sun Rong can't help but raise the corners of my lips and smile.

She feels that she is really a person who is easily satisfied.

Now when Jiugong Liangzi came in, Sun Rong was also very polite and poured her a cup of hot tea himself.

Normal people do not have the privilege of Sun Rong making tea in person.

On the one hand, it is Sun Rong's inner gratitude.

On the other hand, it was also because after she knew the current development progress of Jiugong Liangzi and Zhuo Yi, she fully understood that this one was completely without any threat.

For example, before the first class in the morning, many girls ran to touch Wang Ling's bunny ears.

Only Jiugong Liangzi lowered his head and read a book. He didn't care about such things at all.

"Classmate Liangzi, what do you want from me?"Sun Rong put down the hot tea.

Jiugong Liangzi took the tea cup and thought for a moment. Then he raised his head and looked at Sun Rong: "Do you have anything that you don't particularly dislike?"

Something not particularly annoying...

Sun Rong thinks she should be asking about something she particularly likes...

really...

Arrogant or something.

Troublesome and cute.

"Zhuo Yi Senior didn't tell you anything?" Sun Rong laughed.

"I'm just not sure. That's why I wanted to ask you in person!" Jiugong Liangzi snorted. Her cheeks were also red.

As the eldest daughter of the Jiugong family, she has never knelt down to someone else's office to ask for their opinions before buying a gift.

The result was something Jiugong Liangzi never expected.

My first time.

It was handed over to Sun Rong.

And the most important thing is that Sun Rong is still the woman she has always regarded as her opponent!

Obviously an opponent...

The result was that they were facing each other. It was amazing that they suddenly had a united front.

Jiugong Liangzi thinks this may be the "mysterious power from the East." In other words... it is a power unique to Number 60 High School.

Number 60 High School is not big enough compared to Jiudaohe's current scale. The average level of students is not particularly high either. But it does feel like a big family.

It seems like it can unite everyone closely.

This point is actually well reflected in Wang Ling and Sun Rong.

Number 60 High School just sent a delegation of exchange students. As a result, Jiudaohe High School, which had always had a clear hierarchy, was incorporated!

So now Jiugong Liangzi has officially decided to settle in Huaxiu for a long time and complete his studies at Number 60 High School in the future.

After hearing this, Sun Rong congratulated you repeatedly: "Congratulations to you, classmate Jiugong. Zhuo Yi Senior, you must be very happy to know."

"What's there to congratulate..." Jiugong Liangzi pouted. He said something incomprehensible, but in fact he couldn't deny what Sun Rong said.

Because the reason why she stayed was that she didn't fully like the teaching style of Number 60 High School.

The main reason is that she and Zhuo Yi have established a relationship...

Long distance relationships are too hard.

She hopes that she and Zhuo Yi can have a normal relationship.

"I don't think I hate anything... It should be obvious. Classmates Liangzi are happy now. You see, I'm still alone." Sun Rong sighed and sat down next to Jiugong Liangzi.

Only then did Jiugong Liangzi react: "Nani? Are you and your classmate Wang Ling not together yet..."

"Who said I was with him?" Sun Rong's cheeks instantly turned red: "My classmate Wang Ling. is a piece of wood..."

"Ah. I'm sorry. I thought you had a showdown after you went abroad together. Unexpectedly, it hasn't been settled yet." Jiugong Liangzi was surprised.

It's not like she hasn't heard Zhuo Yi mention the story between Wang Ling and Sun Rong.

And Zhuo Yi had hinted to her before that she could assist her.

Now that he was talking about it, Jiugong Liangzi felt that he suddenly understood.

"That's it." At this time, Jiugong Liangzi held his chin up and showed a strategist attitude: "As long as I help you catch up with classmate Wang Ling, the debt of gratitude between us can be canceled in one go, right?"

"Uh...eh..."Sun Rong nodded.

She actually didn't expect that Jiugong Liangzi, a tsundere, was very roundabout when he was going to be direct. He was also very direct when he was direct.

"This guy is not easy to deal with."

Very quickly. Drawing on his years of experience in "seeing a lot of men," Jiugong Liangzi defines the relationship between Sun Rong and Wang Ling. Jiugong Liangzi defines the relationship between Sun Rong and Wang Ling.

She said: "Although it is a girl chasing a boy, my classmate Wang Ling's character is too abstinent. There may not be any results if this kind of pursuit continues."

Hearing this. Sun Rong couldn't help but sigh.

Although this was not the first time she heard someone analyze this matter, she still felt a little tired.

"You don't have to be so disappointed." Jiugong Liangzi quickly comforted him: "Then...what do you want me to do? I can cooperate with you! Of course. Let's make it clear first! I'm just returning a favor! No. Because I have changed my view on you. I want to unite the front with you..."

"I know." Sun Rong laughed.

At this moment, she thought of Wang Ling's pair of drooping rabbit ears again in her mind. She felt itchy in her heart.

"Um...Classmate Liangzi...I want to ask you what you can do..."

At this moment, the girl stretched out her two index fingers, curled them together and touched them lightly. She was shy and confused: "I want to ask you. Is there any more natural way..."

"What can be done?"

"Just...the rabbit ears of Wang Ling! I want to touch them!"

"Want to touch the ears." Jiugong Liangzi understood.

After all, she's a girl who's in love. There's nothing special about wanting to touch a rabbit's ear.

"Um..."

"Is it okay to eat ears?"

"ah?"

"I heard that these grown animal parts don't have pain-sensing nerves. If that doesn't work, I'll find someone to cut off the rabbit ears and give them to you. Then I'll make spicy rabbit ears!"

"How can this be done! Rabbits are so cute...how can they be eaten!"

"I was joking. I didn't expect you to be so serious..." Jiugong Liangzi laughed.

Sun Rong: "..."

At first she thought that Sun Rong's relationship with Wang Ling was just for fun. But now she realizes that she really likes her.

If you don't really like someone, how can you think about so many things...

And those uncultured girls who just go up and touch their ears in the morning. This is the true sign of liking someone.

Everything you say and do is not to satisfy your own selfish desires. Instead, you consider the people you like wholeheartedly.

Of course...

Jiugong Liangzi actually doesn't understand it very well.

What's so good about Wang Ling? You can be obsessed with Sun Rong like this.

It was almost time for school to end. At Jiugong Liangzi's suggestion, Jiugong Liangzi rode on Sun Rong's shoulders. The two of them wore a huge cloak. They looked like they were walking alone.

The hand under the cloak is the hand of Sun Rong.

Sitting above, Jiugong Liangzi is wearing a Jason mask. From a distance, he looks like an unusually tall man.

The two women were heavily armed and covered themselves up extremely well. They were standing by the roadside waiting for Wang Ling to pass by.

Sun Rong doesn't think this cover-up is effective for Wang Ling.

With the boy's eyesight, he can definitely tell... there must be two of them inside the cloak!

But at the moment Jiugong Liangzi doesn't know the true strength of Wang Ling. That's why he thinks this method is effective.

"Is it really okay...Classmate Liangzi..."

"Don't worry. Leave the talking to me. When the time comes, all you have to do is take your hands out from under the cloak and touch them." Jiugong Liangzi was full of confidence.

Under the cloak. Sun Rong held her forehead. She suddenly felt a little regretful.

In the case of information asymmetry, she should not have rashly approached Jiugong Liangzi to participate in the operation.

"It's coming, it's coming. Pay attention!" At this time, Jiugong Liangzi coughed slightly, indicating that Sun RongWang Ling was about to pass by.

It was the first time Jiugong Liangzi rode on Sun Rong's shoulders in this position.

In fact, Jiugong Liangzi also regrets why he came up with such an idea.

Mainly because I didn't think about it before implementing it. After doing it, Jiugong really wanted to slap himself to death...

Because when she was riding on Sun Rong's shoulder, her calf just touched the girl's soft part.

Damn...

She is obviously four years younger than her! Why is she growing so well?

Jiugong Liangzi was heartbroken.

Although Sun Rong is not too outrageous at the moment, it is obvious that there is huge room for development and growth! He is only 16 years old and has such a scale! If he were a little older, it would be great!

If you grow up to the age of a married woman... I'm afraid it will be even more terrifying!

"Hello classmate!" When he saw Wang Ling passing in front of him, Jiugong Liangzi used his voice changing spell to stop Wang Ling.

"..."

Wang Ling paused. Wang Nuan and Wang Nuan looked at Jiugong Liangzi wearing a Jason mask and Sun Rong who was covered by a cloak under Jiugong Liangzi...

"Classmate... we are conducting a blessing activity! As long as you touch the top of your head for us, you can get a pack of snacks." Jiugong Liangzi, wearing a Jason mask, made a rough voice.

At the same time, Sun Rong under the cloak also cooperated very well and took out a package of golden limited edition crispy noodles.

This is a winter limited edition.

It's sweet ice flavored crispy noodles! The whole package of crispy noodles is sweet! It's different from the previous versions with pepper noodles!

Looking at the previous scene, Wang Ling was stunned.

This package of crispy noodles is indeed limited.

But in fact Wang Ling has already eaten it.

There was no confusion in his heart, not even much surprise. On the contrary, Ah Nuan on his shoulder bit his finger and made an expression as if he wanted to eat.

"Want to eat?"Wang Ling poked Ah Nuan's tender face.

Ah Nuan girl nodded solemnly.

So. Wang Ling walked towards Jiugong Liangzi and Sun Rong who were hiding themselves in cloaks without saying a word.

When the boy's familiar breath approached, Sun Rong could clearly feel his own heartbeat that was about to come out.

Bang bang bang bang...

She never thought that she would be so nervous.

Then, in front of Jiugong Liangzi and Sun Rong, Wang Ling half-bent down and exposed his head.

The girl's face was red and she slowly reached out. Wang Ling recognized it as Sun Rong's hand at a glance. She was trembling nervously. Her fingers were trembling...

At this moment. Wang Ling sighed silently.

He took another step forward and took the initiative to move his head up.

"Ya!"

"I touched it!"

Sun Rong screamed out excitedly.

The moment the fingertips touched the rabbit ears, a huge steam shot out from under the cloak...

Jiugong Liangzi was shocked.

She was riding on Sun Rong's shoulders. Suddenly she felt a huge propulsive force underneath her body.

When she reacted again.

The powerful driving force generated by the terrifying Steam Girl beneath her has already taken the two of them a dozen meters above the ground...





Chapter 1609 Animalization Phenomenon


After returning home that night, Wang Ling compiled the data about today's experiment.

The first is the issue about the black spiritual fluid. Wang Ling has not found any other abnormalities or sequelae for the time being.

Rather, after putting on the school uniform jacket dripped with black spiritual liquid, he felt that the original Talisman seal on his body seemed to have reduced a lot of pressure.

As for the "animal reagent" developed by Wang Ming.

The rabbit ears are still growing on Wang Ling's head...

He felt that this time was a bit too long. After returning home, he manually removed the reagent from his body.

Animal reagents are inhaled reagents. That is to say, the reagent components in the body only need to be discharged.

Normally Wang Ling would hold up his sword. And like the martial arts movie "Duan Yu" who drinks and drains the wine with his fingertips. And squeeze out the energy from his body.

But because we were at home, Wang Ling was worried that the process of expelling the air might cause a big explosion...

So he chose a very honest method.

That is, drinking water and urinating, thereby expelling toxins through circulation in the body.

The immortal king's kidney function is so powerful.

No matter what kind of poison it is.

There's nothing a quick pee can't fix.

If not.

Then pee again...

During the entire process of going to the toilet, Wang Ling was thinking about the village chief of Shengshui Village...

He didn't know what the development situation is over there.

Maybe next time I go there.

Will the whole village become an animal village?

Because the temporary sealing effect of the black spiritual liquid dripping on the school uniform jacket is still continuing.

That night, it was the first time Wang Ling had a good sleep in a while.

He just wore his school uniform and jacket to sleep. There was no need to think about anything. There was no need to worry that his inadvertent snoring would explode through the earth.

There is a very comfortable feeling.

However, Wang Ling also knows deeply that this kind of comfort cannot last for too long.

Because Wang Ming is currently unable to prove whether the black spiritual liquid extracted from the black stone will make Wang Ling resistant.

After all, Wang Ling now uses Talisman to seal it. It is because Wang Ling's resistance is getting bigger and bigger. As a result, Talisman's duration and effectiveness have been greatly shortened compared to before.

Black stone and black spirit liquid are substances that have a new inhibitory effect on Wang Ling. Although Wang Ming needs to conduct several experiments, they must also ensure planned use.

The purpose is to prevent Wang Ling from suddenly producing strange antibodies one day...

...

Although Wang Ling is sleeping comfortably here, the situation here at Sun Rong is not very good.

Mainly after touching Wang Ling's bunny ears. The irritation was too great... Until now, she can still feel the touch lingering on her hands. It was soft and warm.

Tonight, she was reluctant to wash her hands.

"You said...classmate Wang Ling knew clearly that the person in the cloak was me. But he didn't avoid me. He even put his head towards me. Is this a disguised indication that he likes me?"

"..." Regarding this question, Sun Ying'er was silent for a while.

She didn't dare to tell the fact that Wang Ling took the initiative to stick out her head and exchange for the packet of crispy noodles because her sister was too hungry.

Of course, the main reason is also due to Wang Nuan's relationship.

She was too afraid that Wang Nuan would turn off her permissions when he was angry...

If this were a test, she would have to be bullied by that guy Wang Ying again.

Although the "Planet thumping technique" has been used less often these days, her waist can't help but start to hurt when her sister thinks about it... This world is really unfriendly to delicate and beautiful girls!

"Hey. Ying'er. Why don't you say anything... You are acting weird today..."

"No...where can I find..."

Sun Ying'er didn't dare to reveal her true form. She was usually very carefree, but now she looked a little timid.

In fact, I am afraid that when my real body is revealed, all my expressions will be written on my face.

She has always been someone who can't hide her expressions.

"Hey. When... can we hold hands all the time..." At night, Sun Rong lay on the pillow and thought deeply.

She imagined that one day she could travel alone with Wang Ling without anyone else.

Just Wang Ling and myself.

The two people took a speeding vehicle. They enjoyed the beautiful scenery along the way. They held hands by the lake and felt the wind on the shore...

Scenes like that seem to be found only in girls' comics. It makes Sun Rong's heart yearn for it.

But the distance between reality and fantasy is very far.

Sun Rong knows clearly. As long as there is a peanut...

She wouldn't even think about such things.

...

The next morning. Wang Ling woke up from a very solid sleep.

When he woke up, he saw Er Ha standing next to him in human form with her buttocks bare...

And he was actually held by the bed he had enlightened.

Wang Ling stood up and glanced at Er Ha in surprise.

Although this is not the first time I know that Er Ha is covered in green, it still feels a bit strange in his human form.

Er Ha covered her key parts. The expression on her face was extremely helpless: "This... you can't blame me!"

He explained to Wang Ling a series of situations currently occurring.

"Can't change back?" Wang Ling was surprised to hear this. To stay in human form and not be able to change back... The point is that Er Ha is still reaching out. It doesn't make sense that this would happen.

Wang Ling Feeling. Today's world seems a little weird.

He opened the door to the bedroom's built-in bathroom.

Then I was surprised to find that there was actually a room full of people in the originally empty bathroom...

The spirits who were enlightened by him actually maintained their human form and were unable to change back.

Wash basin, toothbrush cup.

Lord Ma looked at Wang Ling. The expression on his face was a little awkward: "Master, do you want to go to the toilet... If you don't mind... I..." He said. Lord Ma opened his mouth.

Wang Ling was shocked by this scene. She silently closed the bathroom door.

Um...

I think there's something wrong with the way the door was opened...

But what is the current situation? Even Wang Ling himself doesn't know very well.

"Great Enlightenment Technique" is relatively mature. Unlike "Single Spell", which always has "bugs", this should not happen.

Wang LingOpen the door to find Father Wang and Mother Wang.

As a result, I was surprised to find two cute maids wearing maid uniforms and unicorn horns standing on either side of Father Wang in the living room.

One is named Kato.

One is named Eagle.

This is the left and right hand that was given to Father Wang last time to deal with Fenmu Shen...Wang Ling.

Unexpectedly, I would grow from a unicorn arm to a unicorn maid.

"Ling Ling...did you do this?" The expression on Father Wang's face was indescribably complicated. He didn't know whether he should be happy or sad.

Wang Ling shook his head. He immediately denied it.

He became like this when he woke up. Who knows what happened...

At this moment, the maid named "Kato" on the left forked a piece of fruit and handed it to Father Wang's mouth. When Father Wang opened his mouth, his mouth turned into a huge eagle's beak.

Wang Ling thought he had seen it wrong. He reached up and touched it. It turned out that Father Wang had really turned into an eagle.

Still an eagle without wings.

Because both his left and right hands have become maids...

"There's nothing particularly uncomfortable about it." At this time, Father Wang said seriously: "I don't have any hands anymore. So I can ask for leave from my book friends and say that I can't write anymore."

Wang Ling: "..."

As he spoke, he blushed and glanced at the Qilin maids on his left and right: "And I think this is pretty good..."

The words just fell.

A "whoop" sound came from behind the sofa.

A huge white tiger appeared and immediately bit Father Wang's eagle head...

Wang Ling took a breath of air.

Mother Wang turned into a white tiger...





Chapter 1610 The "evolved" cultivator


The phenomenon of the Earth monks turning into animals happened very suddenly.

Wang Ling sat at home for a long time. Let Ah Nuan investigate similar incidents across the globe.

Use the power of Shadow to trace the shadow of everyone on the earth. You can easily know the whole situation.

And Wang Ling doesn't need to make any big movements. Just gently touch Ah Nuan girl's little head with your hand to get the information simultaneously.

Unexpected results emerged.

Wang Ling and Wang Nuan saw it. All cultivators below the Nascent Soul stage suffered.

Moreover. Everyone is "animalized" to a different degree.

Some have transformed into a whole animal or even a spirit beast.

And some, like yesterday's Wang Ling, just carry some parts of animals or spiritual beasts.

As for the enlightened spirits in Wang's villa and Er Ha's inability to self-recover after humanoid transformation, this is a bit like an abnormal feedback before a major earthquake.

Could it be a sign that the people affected later will spread to higher realms...

Wang Ling felt a little confused.

The people around him can even use their magic power to repair and restore themselves. But if they are cultivators who have radiated radiation to the whole earth, this matter is actually risky.

Even if there is only one in a billion chances of being traced back to the source of mana, Wang Ling is not willing to take this risk.

After using magic power. Wang Ling restored Father Wang, Mother Wang, Er Ha and the humanoid spirits in the family to their original appearance. The expression on Father Wang's face looked particularly regretful.

"Ling Ling, this is your fault! It's not easy for your father to code... It's hard to have two maids..." After saying this, Father Wang let out a painful scream.

The reason was that Mother Wang pinched his thigh hard. The pinch was still the tenderest piece of meat on the inside. The pain caused Father Wang to kneel on the spot.

Mother Wang turned on the TV and found that the incident was also reported on the TV.

The female anchor of the morning news also suffered from "animalization."

Her skin turned into leopard print...

"We are now reporting a breaking news. Currently, monks below the Nascent Soul stage around the world are suddenly showing the characteristics of animals or spiritual beasts. This has become an [animalization event]. Relevant experts said that this event may be a step forward for human cultivators on earth. The future. A great turning point towards upgrading..."

The overall fermentation of the incident was extremely fast.

Because things are weird, I can only judge from experience.

Wang Ling feels that there are several possibilities as follows.

One is that Wang Ming's zoochemical reagent was leaked. Because it is inhalable, it floats in the air...it can easily cause accidental injuries after being inhaled.

But the weird thing now is that even if this inhaled animal-chemical reagent is leaked, it won't be able to travel that far!

Globally...

How could the few small jars of experimental products in Wang Ming's laboratory radiate to such a large area?

There are still several possibilities left. Wang Ling feels that this may be someone with ulterior motives. And at least it must be a powerful person above the True Immortal level who has launched a taboo magic circle targeting the world.

Wang Ling made a call to Wang Ming. And he specially used a video call... mainly because he wanted to see what kind of animal Wang Ming had become.

What I didn't expect was that when Wang Ming agreed to call, the scene in front of him looked normal.

He wore a special thick protective suit to block radiation while studying the black stone.

The protective clothing is specially modified by Wang Ling. It is extremely safe.

"It should be related to the black stone." Wang Ming said.

The mysterious black stone in the laboratory has the effect of shielding psychic energy.

If a powerful person had deployed a large area of the magic circle, the power of the magic circle would not be able to cover the laboratory. And Wang Ming also successfully escaped the disaster of animal transformation.

He looked at Wang Ling. A sly smile appeared under the closed glass helmet: "Why did you think of having a video call with me today? You still want to see what kind of animal I have become?"

As he spoke, he turned the screen to the computer screen in his laboratory.

The picture on the screen is exactly the picture of Wang Ling growing those bunny ears yesterday.

During class, the scene of him lying on the desk with his eyes closed and concentrating was actually photographed!

"..."

"Hey. Do you know how much I spent to buy this photo? And it also took me a lot of effort to restore the mosaic on it with technical means."

"..."

Wang Ling took a deep breath.

In yesterday's game, it seemed that Wang Ming had achieved a comprehensive victory.

But it's just a photo. And it's a photo without a full face. Wang Ling thought it was okay to take it...

After all, the man in front of him is still working hard to develop a new Talisman for him. It doesn't matter if he gives him a benefit occasionally.

On the contrary, Wang Ling is more curious.

How much did Wang Ming spend on buying this photo yesterday...

And who sold it to him.

In short, now, a matter of animalization reagents and a matter of buying photos. Wang Ling have all been recorded in the notebook.

Speaking of which, keep a small notebook as a habit.

Wang Ling suddenly realized that he seemed to have learned from Sun Rong...

...

After interrupting the call, the general context of the animalization incident Wang Ling has been sorted out.

If the reagents in Wang Ming's laboratory weren't leaked, then someone else was behind it.

After breakfast, Wang Ling was ready to go out. Mother Wang suddenly stopped Wang Ling: "Ling Ling! You can't go out like this!"

Wang Ling: "?"

Mother Wang: "Now all cultivators below the Nascent Soul stage have turned into animals. Most of the classmates in your class will also be like this. If you were normal now, wouldn't it be weird?"

"..."

I have to say. What Mother Wang said does make sense.

Um.

After thinking about it, Wang Ling had no choice but to raise his hand and change the bunny ears from yesterday.

But this time the rabbit ears were not created using reagents.

Rather, it is a "real illusion." It is something constructed using the illusion of King's Eyes. It is the same as yesterday's rabbit ears. It has touch, temperature, and can be touched.

After the bunny ears grew out, Mother Wang couldn't help but take several photos in a row. She also shouted: "Ahhh! My son is so cute! By the way, do you still want a younger brother?" It would be nice to have a litter of rabbits!"

As soon as he finished speaking, Father Wang and Wang Ling both took a breath of air.

Both father and son felt a maternal brilliance from Mother Wang...

After a while, Mother Wang smiled with a red face, "You're kidding! It's better to raise Ah Nuan first."

Give birth to a litter...

At this time, Father Wang breathed a sigh of relief.

The son with bunny ears is cute though.

But it's a bit too outrageous to give birth to a litter...Who knows if it's a son or a nuclear bomb!

...

This day. When Wang Ling came to class.

Many people in the class have taken leave.

Guo Hao didn't come either.

According to Chen Chao, it is said that Er Dan, his parrot that turned into human form, was tied up in his house...

"Now. It's probably over."

At this time, Chen Chao put on the posture of "having a cigarette afterward" and sighed towards Wang Ling.

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 1611 Gray Cult's Commission


The matter between Guo Hao and Er Dan is actually not a secret in Class 1 and 3 of high school...

The parrot Er Dan has the ability to transform into a human form. That is because of the blood in his body.

Previously Wang Ling used the "Great Blood Source Technique" to track him down.

But if Er Dan wants to become a human, he needs to condense the spiritual energy of heaven and earth. He needs to be under certain conditions to become a human. It's a bit like the reaction that occurs when a werewolf sees the moon.

As for the continuous transformation into human form, it is basically unlikely to happen.

The animalization event resulted in a polar reversal phenomenon between cultivators and spiritual beasts, and animals.

Animals and spiritual beasts are transformed into humans. Cultivators instead acquire some of the characteristics of animals or spiritual beasts and directly transform into animals.

This thing sounds really incredible.

But one thing is certain now.

Guo Hao must be feeling comfortable...

Because Er Dan's human form is originally like a royal sister.

The most important thing is...

The scale is no smaller than the original Jiang Liuying.

He is definitely the type that makes Jiugong Liangzi envious when he sees him.

There weren't many people in the class to begin with.

This animalization incident directly caused the loss of most of the people in the class.

Except for people like Guo Hao who were trapped at home by Er Dan and could not come out, the situation of others was more serious. They directly turned into animals or spiritual beasts, so they could not come out.

For example, Jiang Yingying.

Jiang Yingying's condition is said to be serious.

When I woke up, I turned into a carp...

When Marshal Jiang found out, poor Jiang Yingying was lying on his bed. His life was almost in danger.

This makes Wang Ling uneasy.

After all, the monthly exam is coming soon.

If this matter never returns to normal before the monthly exam.

I'm afraid it will affect his scoring rhythm.

"I didn't expect Wang Ling that you still have bunny ears. Just the same as yesterday." Chen Chao pinched Wang Ling's ears and said.

When he saw this scene, he began to wonder whether the phenomenon of animalization had actually started in small amounts since yesterday.

Compared with Wang Ling. Chen Chao's changes are not that big compared to yesterday.

In addition to the horns and tail, Chen Chao's nose has also undergone slight changes.

"As expected. Wang Ling. I read you right."

At this time, Chen Chao said again.

Wang Ling: "?"

Chen Chao: "It is said that this phenomenon only happens to cultivators below the Nascent Soul stage. And the lower the level, the more serious the animalization phenomenon may be. I actually suspected that you were hiding some strength before. Now. It seems like I'm overthinking it."

Wang Ling: "..."

Next to them, Gu Shunzhi, Zhenyuan and others were all ashamed.

Then he quickly smoothed things over for Wang Ling.

"Classmate Wang Ling is just a mascot. Of course it cannot be above the Nascent Soul stage."

"Not bad. Look at classmate Wang Ling's bunny ears. They're so cute. There's no way he looks like a senior."

"Have you ever seen any expert who likes to eat crispy noodles?"

In a few words, Chen Chao was speechless for a while.

There's no way. Now the entire Grade 1 and 3 classes are moles sent by the Office of Strategic Deception... It's just this intangible benefit.

The animation incident had no effect on Gu Shunzhi, Zhen Yuan, Wang Zhen, Liu Qingyi, Fang Sheng and others at Number 60 High School. They all disguised themselves before coming to the school. So they don't look too strange.

And Sun Rong also managed to escape the disaster because of the Aohai sword energy protecting the body.

But in order to come to school, she still disguised herself and came to school.

Just like yesterday. Behind him is the snow-white and fluffy nine-tailed fox tail.

But today, there are obviously fewer people around Sun Rong.

The animalization incident came too suddenly, causing many people to panic for a while.

For example, today Sun Rong received dozens of text messages asking for help from Gray Cult believers.

Because the relationship with animals has made them feel troubled.

Some believers have also turned into sea creatures like Jiang Yingying.

Trapped at home and unable to move, I had to connect to the Internet through the voice function to ask for help. Now, the scale of Gray Cult has grown a lot both at home and abroad.

But Sun Rong feels that everyone seems to have misunderstood something...

After all, Gray Cult is just a literary exchange club!

However, the slogan of unity and friendship is the purpose of Gray Cult. Since believers are in need of help, Sun Rong cannot refuse.

As the leader of the cult, she took action with Sun Ying'er as early as the early morning when the animalization incident began to ferment. They went door to door to find those believers in need of help...

So it directly led to. When I came to class in the morning.

Sun Rong looks a little tired.

Although in the pencil case, Wang Ling also gives me "double sugar" milk candies.

But even in this situation, she still didn't want to eat it.

And now, on her mobile phone, those text messages for help are still being sent continuously...

This scene made Wang Ling frown slightly.

The essence of Gray Cult's existence is to provide an organization for him to cover up.

To put it bluntly, it has the same function as Zhuo Yi. It's just a different nature.

Zhuo Yi can give him the responsibility to deal with vicious incidents.

The existence of Gray Cult can provide some cover for him to participate in large-scale multi-person competitions in the future.

If a game is played by one's own team, Wang Ling's performance will gain some limelight. As long as the internal silence is kept quiet, there won't be much of a splash.

Now as Gray Cult grows in size.

As a leader and organizer, Sun Rong's hard work pays off.

Wang Ling No matter how stupid he is, he still sees it.

The milk candy with double sugar content that I gave yesterday was originally a reward. It was originally used to relieve fatigue... He had also given an extra large bag before.

But Wang Ling didn't know that Sun Rong couldn't bear to eat it.

Not only was I reluctant to eat, but I also took out insurance...

Wang Ling is puzzled by this.

There is nothing we can do.

In order to relieve Sun Rong's work pressure. Wang Ling decided to resolve the matter at hand as soon as possible.

original.

He didn't want to do it himself.

...

At noon. Wang Ling found an opportunity to go to the rooftop of the school again.

This was originally the first scene where the Shadow Stream Killer was turned into a scumbag...

Since the last incident where Shadow Stream invaded Number 60, it has now become a famous scenic spot in Number 60 High School. Many people usually come to the rooftop to eat together.

Wang Ling basically doesn't come up very well.

Today, I entrusted Jin Deng to use his vice-principal power to issue a ban. Only then did he dare to go upstairs.

At this time. Wang Ling stared at the sky.

He poured spiritual energy into his King's Eyes to unleash his divine power. He fired an invisible light into the clouds.

Soon, across the globe, a downpour fell.

This heavy rain is mixed with Wang Ling's "Great Purification Technique" mana, which can directly eliminate this abnormal event.

As the rain spreads, the mana will spread with the air flow, thus taking care of everyone affected by this matter.

At this point, the matter is over...

However, Wang Ling's expression did not relax.

He has an intuition.

I feel like this thing has just begun.

...

And at the moment this purifying heavy rain fell.

In a secret underground laboratory in Songhai City, a middle-aged man with disheveled hair was suddenly awakened by a huge explosion in the laboratory.

Just now. His dashboard exploded!

"Finally found it!" At this time, the middle-aged man made an excited voice.





Chapter 1612 Looking for the person who opened the door


Today is actually the third anniversary of Shou Chong's "Infinite Energy Plan."

Everything started when he picked up that black meteorite the size of a grain of sand...

On that day, Shou Chong named the small meteorite: "Eternity."

And to this day, all the efforts he has made are to develop unlimited energy and become the greatest scientist in the entire earth! Even in the history of cultivation!

Since the last time Sun Rong and Jiugong Liangzi raised 20 billion in R&D funds because of their mutual rivalry, Shou Chong has updated the equipment in his underground laboratory and strengthened his goals.

But now, his research and development has encountered a bottleneck.

The most important part of the "Infinite Energy Plan" is to find a container that can provide perpetual motion.

For this reason, Shou Chong has set his sights on an infinite secret realm.

According to records in ancient books, this mysterious infinite realm contains the materials for him to make perpetual motion vessels.

However, it is not easy to open this secret realm.

He spent huge sums of money to hire a Soul Formation team of 100 people to create a magic circle that condensed spiritual energy deep in the desert.

It's a pity that the power of these 100 people is far from enough. It is difficult to tear open the cracks in the infinite secret realm. This is beyond Shou Chong's imagination.

So now, there is the "Cultivator Animalization Plan" that he just launched not long ago.

Based on Shou Chong's personality test calculations. Generally speaking, the big guys in the cultivation world seem to like to pretend to be ordinary people and live a low-key life hidden from the world...

If his calculation is correct, once the collective life of human cultivators is shaken.

These big guys whose lives have been disrupted will never sit idly by.

Of course...

These are just wishful guesses by Shou Chong.

Even he didn't expect that the whole plan would go so smoothly.

In the laboratory, several assistants hired by Shou Chong began to locate the recent psychic signal through their private satellites.

The results of private satellite positioning are displayed in. Number 60 High School...

"What a familiar high school name." An assistant frowned.

"It's that legendary high school! Legendary Zhuo Yi! I watched his interview a while ago. He said that he was obsessed with a washboard recently. Everyone is still discussing what it means." Another assistant couldn't laugh or cry. said.

Because of the sentence Zhuo Yi, the price of washboards on the market has skyrocketed.

Many cultivators believe that washboards can assist spiritual practice. So after Zhuo Yi's interview was broadcast, all the washboards in supermarkets and online stores were sold out.

Now basically everyone is studying how the washboard is used in cultivation.

In the Internet age where information is developed, every move you make after you become famous will have such a huge impact.

For Wang Ling, Zhuo Yi's public appearance is actually a good thing.

After all, it is a home-made tool...

Um...

No.

It's a disciple.

His disciple shines brightly outside. After all eyes are focused on him, it naturally has a certain hidden effect on him.

For example, now.

When Shou Chong discovered that the energy he was tracing originated from Number 60 High School.

He immediately held a brief meeting with his laboratory assistants.

"What do you think about this matter?" Shou Chong asked.

"I think we need to classify the discussion according to the situation. Although the energy source comes from Number 60 High School, we do not rule out the possibility of a big boss passing by." An assistant said.

"It's unlikely that he's just passing by. I think he's from Number 60 High School."

Another assistant took out the satellite map that was captured. When the picture was enlarged, what was captured happened to be the rooftop of Number 60 High School.

The result is that there are traces of censoring in the screen!

And this mosaic cannot be fully analyzed with Shou Chong's technology. We don't know what this mosaic is.

"If it were just a powerful person passing by."

"I don't think it's so bad. We don't know anyone anyway. Why do you have to mosaic yourself on purpose. Don't you usually wear a mask or something? Like what. Uchiha Daishi?" The assistant said. "What the hell is an Uchiha Daishi?...Isn't it Uchiha Daigin?"

"..."

Two assistants discussed.

Such behavior is indeed a bit like covering one's ears and stealing the bell.

Shou Chong touched his chin. From a behavioral perspective, if this person is from Number 60 High School, he doesn't want others to know who he is.

Now. Shou Chong has his first suspicion.

"Tell me, could this person be Zhuo Yi?" Shou Chong said.

"That's not true... Zhuo Yi is now in its prime. I don't know how many pairs of eyes are looking at him."

"If it weren't for him, how could we explain that he has frequently fought at higher levels over the years and solved many major events that were impossible to solve at his level?"

"There have been rumors outside that he has a master..."

"I don't feel like there's a master."

I don't think so Shou Chong shook his head. He said, "I'm afraid that he's showing off his strength on the outside. In fact, it is a kind of reverse thinking. Let others think that he has a powerful master behind him. That's why he's putting on that kind of attitude of being unafraid. But what if. He's the Master?"

"The teacher is saying that Zhuo Yi is the same person as the master behind the rumors?"

"I don't think this possibility can be ruled out."

He has developed strong reasoning abilities through the theatrical version of the famous Detective Conan and various domestic mystery dramas.

Shou Chong has almost determined it in his heart. This legendary master is a smoke bomb deliberately released by Zhuo Yi.

And Zhuo Yi himself is actually a powerful person with powerful energy!

More powerful than True Immortal! and the True Venerated Immortal master of the Office of Strategic Deception!

But if the above reasoning is completely accurate, then the next thing Shou Chong has to think about is how to establish a connection with Zhuo Yi.

"Recently, is there any useful information related to this Zhuo Yi?" At this time, Shou Chong asked.

"Information... I have a lot of gossip magazines here..." The assistant dug out some gossip magazines from the drawer.

"Magazines are fine too." Shou Chong nodded.

Many times the news in gossip magazines is not necessarily false.

The key point is how to distinguish authenticity.

Shou Chong held his chin and read several books in succession on his desk.

Finally, he discovered an interesting piece of information.

This is a piece of gossip about Zhuo Yi's late-night tryst with a mysterious young woman.

But it is a pity that this gossip reporter did not take a picture of this woman's face.

But Shou Chong frowned. He felt that this young girl looked more and more familiar...

This breast...

This one has almost no scale...

He seemed familiar. As if he had seen him somewhere.

After a moment, Shou Chong suddenly slapped his head: "Jiugong Liangzi? Is it her?"

That's right.

Just relying on this part of the characteristics.

And the sensitivity of being a homebody who has been single for many years.

Shou Chong recognized Jiugong Liangzi...

It's easier to handle now.

Shou Chong couldn't help but smile.

He immediately took out his mobile phone and prepared to chat with Jiugong Liangzi via text message to confirm the authenticity.

In the address book, Shou Chong's note to Jiugong Liangzi is: Princess Taiping.





Chapter 1613: Hitting the wall on both sides


After the incident at Jiugong's house was resolved. All the pressure and anxiety that Junko Zhongchun had been carrying was completely lifted.

She was unwilling to betray Jiugong Liangzi, but because her only family was threatened, she was constantly taken advantage of by the Jiugong family.

When Jiugong Liangzi discovered the clues, Junko Zhongchun once wanted to commit suicide and bid farewell to this world.

But for Jiugong Liangzi, the meaning of Junko Zhongchun is different.

Not just her own female bodyguard.

They are also friends and relatives who have grown up with her since childhood.

After the suicide attempt, after a period of adjustment, Junko Zhongchun got back on track.

Although Shou Chong's phone number was marked "Princess Taiping", it was actually just the number of his work phone. Junko Zhongchun will re-screen all incoming work calls and only deliver the information after confirming that it is not a scam or blackmail message.

"It's a call from Master Shou Chong. He said that the magic weapon that can trace the dead fish-eyed boy has been researched. I hope Miss Liangzi can meet in private." In Jiugong Liangzi's villa, Junko Zhongchun stood respectfully beside the luxurious leather sofa. said.

Today is a rare day for Jiugong Liangzi to go home. After all, he usually lives at Zhuo Yi.

This time when I go home, I mainly pack some clothes and daily necessities.

Jiugong Liangzi has decided to move in with Zhuo Yi.

She was in a good mood. Then she heard Junko's words.

I just remembered that I had actually invested 5 billion in Shou Chong's research.

But now, for Jiugong Liangzi, it seems that it doesn't matter whether he can find the dead fish-eyed boy or not.

In the beginning, she wanted to find that boy with dead fish eyes. To prove that Zhuo Yi was a liar.

But now, that is no longer necessary.

"This is no longer important. Junko, go and tell Master Shou Chong. Thank you for your hard work." Jiugong Liangzi took care of his smooth and smooth hair. He replied after thinking carefully.

Junko Zhongchun was stunned: "The five billion funds..."

"Sent to him."

"..."

"People always have to pay for their own willfulness." Jiugong Liangzi finished speaking. His cheeks turned slightly red.

"..." Junko Zhongchun was speechless.

Is this the legendary "inhumanity"... Just don't want it.

However, with the strong financial resources of the Jiugong family, they have now successfully entered into cooperation with the Huaguo Shuilian Group. Although this news has not been announced to the public, a mere five billion is really nothing now. It can be regarded as funding the scientific and technological development of human cultivators.

In fact, every year the Jiugong family allocates a large sum of money to those talented scientists in the cultivation world for research.

Some studies are successful, but more often fail.

If he only did it with the idea of giving back to the society, Jiugong Liangzi would not care about the money at all.

At this time, Junko Zhongchun let go of the call port of the phone. With a somewhat apologetic look on his face, he said with a smile: "So... did Master Shou Chong hear it?"

Shou Chong: "No Ms. Junko. That's 5 billion dollars in R&D... Five billion dollars! Are you sure you don't want it?"

Junko Zhongchun: "Sorry Master Shou Chong. It's Miss's decision. If you are not sure. If you are worried that the Jiugong family will back out later, Ms. Jiugong said she could draft a separate research termination and donation agreement. And it will be stated that the termination is due to her personal reasons. It won't affect your reputation."

"..."

Thus. The call is disconnected.

Shou Chong was staggered in his chair. It was hard to find peace in his heart for a long time.

To give away $5 billion just like that... Shou Chong never expected this.

"Teacher. This Jiugong family is too generous... What should we do now?" The plan was disrupted. The assistants in the lab were all at a loss as to what to do.

One of the assistants suddenly thought of something and said, "Why don't we try. Exchange of information?"

"Exchange of intelligence?" Shou Chong wondered.

"Isn't it true that Jiugong Liangzi, the eldest daughter of the Jiugong family, and the eldest daughter of the Huaguo Shuilian Group are at odds with each other."

"I think it would be better to take this gossip. And make a deal with Miss Sun. Then let Miss Sun come forward. Give us a chance to meet Mr. Zhuo Yi alone." The assistant said, "That Zhuo Yi legend. He was her senior."

"That's a good idea..." Shou Chong nodded.

I think what this assistant said makes sense.

You know, in order to oppose Jiugong Liangzi, Sun Rong invested 15 billion in him!

Shou Chong heard that even the core members of the group noticed it at that time, and even signed a gambling agreement. If the magic weapon develops and develops at a loss, Sun Rong will give up its inheritance rights.

Compared to Jiugong Liangzi. Sun Rong, there is actually no other way out. It is also impossible to give up the money directly.

Shou Chong thinks. Maybe it's an opportunity.

So he quickly took out his mobile phone and found the phone number of Sun Rong from the address book.

Name note: Sun Rong Dad.

"Master Shou Chong's magic weapon has been developed, right? That's great." From the other side of the phone came the dignified laughter of Sun Rong.

Across the screen, Shou Chong could picture the girl sitting on the sofa, sipping tea and talking to him on the phone.

"Yes, Miss Sun. The research below is very reliable. It can perfectly counter the magic weapon Miss Jiugong asked to develop to find dead fish eyes. This is a projection magic weapon with radiation function. It is called the Apparition Device."

Shou Chong introduced: "You need to wear an earring as a receiver. Then through the magic weapon in your hand, you can make your face change into what you want. You can even customize celebrity faces individually. My experimental team has been upgraded Core chip. Ordinary transfiguration detection equipment. It cannot detect faces modified by the transfiguration device."

"That's great. It sounds very practical." Sun Rong nodded.

In this era where beauty cameras and various magical makeup techniques are frequently used, the emergence of such a "Apparition Apparatus" is definitely a blessing to the entire society.

It is true that Sun Rong originally asked Shou Chong to develop the magic weapon to target Jiugong Liangzi.

However, Sun Rong did not expect that what Shou Chong developed this time would actually have unexpected selling points.

"Thank you, Miss. This is what we should do."

Shou Chong smiled. Then he started to talk about the next topic: "That's it, Miss Sun Rong. I'm looking for you this time. There is another thing..."

"What's the matter?"

"I have some information about Miss Jiugong here. I wonder if Miss Sun Rong is interested? Of course. In exchange for information, we also have certain conditions."

"You mean Jiugong Liangzi's information?"

"Yes."

"Oh...I'm not interested in that." Sun Rong smiled and said, "Besides, Liangzi is a good person. The information is basically not too complicated."

"???" Shou Chong was stunned.

Aren't you two really unwilling to deal with each other?





Chapter 1614 Looking for BUG


Facts have proved that women's thinking is absolutely rational. Although Shou Chong is obsessed with his laboratory and various weird inventions.

However, in order to earn research funds and successfully sell his invention, Shou Chong also has a certain status in the circle of rich women.

A long, long time ago, he was once called the "Women Killer."

If it weren't for his age, he wouldn't be able to withstand the lethality of the steel wire ball.

Shou Chong feels that he can fight for another five hundred years.

Therefore, becoming an internet celebrity creates virtual economic value by spreading your inventions by producing online videos.

This is Shou Chong's last resort.

The middle-aged women he earned from his research fees have transformed from the beginning to rich ladies like Jiugong Liangzi, like Sun Rong.

It is true that young ladies are rich.

But it's the time of puberty in the hearts of girls.

Shou Chong found that he still couldn't figure it out.

Of course, it may also be because he was once addicted to relationships with women.

This has led to the current solidification of thinking.

On the contrary, I can't understand the thoughts of these ladies...

After interrupting the call with Sun Rong, Shou Chong also complained about the weirdness of this incident,

What a ghost. Apparently they were secretly scheming a while ago. Is this reconciliation too fast?

Now, the plan to get in touch with Sun Rong and contact Zhuo Yi has failed.

There are variables in this matter through Sun Rong and Jiugong Liangzi. Shou Chong feels that his actions are indeed a bit aggressive.

After just contacting both parties, Shou Chong began to have a vague intuition.

He felt that the two eldest ladies might be in the same boat now.

If this is the case, it would be very dangerous to exchange dirty information about Jiugong Liangzi in exchange for the opportunity to meet Zhuo Yi.

It is impossible for him to compete with the eldest ladies of the two major chaebols with his own strength.

"It seems that there is only other way."

Shou Chong sighed silently.

The assistants in the laboratory all looked shocked.

"Does the teacher want to..."

"I can only take out the bottom-of-the-box treasure. As long as I can establish a connection with Number 60 High School, it will only take a matter of minutes to find Zhuo Yi."

Shou Chong lit a cigarette and held it in his mouth. Then he said: "And in this way, we can kill two birds with one stone. See if there are any hidden people among the students of Number 60 High School..."

...

Wednesday, December 23rd. The day after the incident involving cultivators turning into animals ended.

Generally speaking, Wang Ling's study life has returned to normal order.

Although there are still some people who did not come to school, it is no big deal.

It is said that Number 60 High School specially sent several teams of psychological teachers to provide psychological counseling to students who have completely turned into animals.

Chen Chao was extremely envious: "Ah! Teacher Yang Hanyin, the chief teacher of the psychotherapy room, is so beautiful! It's so cheap!"

He heard that Teacher Yang was going to visit Guo Hao's home. He had been hyping this up in the class since the morning self-study.

Obviously in the animalization incident, the most comfortable person was Guo Hao.

Playing with whips and candles at home with humanized sister-in-law Er Dan. I don't want to go to school. It's because of the psychological shadow!

Chen Chao crossed his arms in anger and said carelessly in the class.

Wang Ling kept wiping sweat on the side.

If someone else said it, Wang Ling might not believe it.

But coming from Chen Chao's mouth, the result is different.

In today's morning class, Teacher Pan did not ask me to write the Talisman formula silently as soon as I entered the door.

Instead, he held a notice and asked Su Xiao to help him send it out.

"National Cultivation Academy Ranking System Update Notice." The gray notice was stamped with a black stamp that was copied in batches by the school. The huge title suddenly caught everyone's eyes.

"As you can see, all the cultivation academies ranking systems across the country are about to receive a new update.

"Teacher Pan stood on the podium and said to everyone: "There will be five-dimensional tests mainly through consciousness, strength, speed, knowledge, and blood. Then a comprehensive evaluation will be carried out. The test results will be published on the list. Everyone can see it. Get your real-time ranking."

"..." Wang Ling stared at this notice.

I feel that the contents of these dimensional tests seem a bit familiar...

After all, he had just recently tested it from the palace of the outer gods.

And the values have all reached positive infinity.

If Number 60 High School were to conduct this test now. This made Wang Ling instantly feel that something was wrong.

At this time, someone raised his hand: "Teacher, are our rankings on the same list as those of Golden Core college students?"

"The ranking of high schools and the ranking of universities are independent. But they are also a reference for subsequent further studies. It will definitely be easier for students with higher rankings to advance to higher schools. I hope everyone can pay attention to it."

Teacher Pan said: "However, the system has not been updated so quickly. It is still in the internal testing stage. The Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools is inviting bids. A suitable testing system for scientific enterprises across the country needs the cooperation of many universities. Only after testing can it be launched nationwide."

"So that's it." Everyone nodded.

And Wang Ling looked at the notice in his hand. He understood what it meant.

It seems that the Ten Thousand Schools Alliance has received submissions from several technology companies.

Number 60 High School seems to be conducting experience activities on one of the test systems. Let's see if the entire testing system can operate normally.

Of course.

What worries Wang Ling the most is not the test system itself.

But the person who developed this testing system...

"Everyone has seen the notice. The system currently assigned to our school is a masterpiece developed by Master Shou Chong, a very popular scientist on the Internet." Teacher Pan said so. But In fact, my heart is full of emotions. Even if you listen carefully, you will feel that there is a bit of yin and yang in these words.

She never pays attention to those Internet celebrities. She has no interest in Shou Chong.

As for the title of master, it is just a polite title...

What no one knows is that Teacher Pan actually has a very disgusting feeling towards Shou Chong.

It's not because of Shou Chong's weird inventions.

It was Shou Chong who used those inventions to deceive several of her best friends in the women's circle...

Therefore, this time Shou Chong's test system was put to Number 60 High School.

So Teacher Pan felt that he had caught the revengeful master.

At this moment, she stood on the podium and said with indignation: "Students! I hope everyone will cooperate in taking the test this time! Who can find the bug in this system! You can have the right not to participate in dictation later! Plus a mysterious gift package from the class teacher One portion! Guaranteed value for money! It will definitely be wanted by every student here!"

"Big gift package? It can't be homework..." someone couldn't help but laugh.

"I guarantee it with my personality and all my classmates. I guarantee it is not homework." Teacher Pan said with a smile: "And the gift package also contains a lot of gift certificates."

"Gift certificate?"

"For example, don't call parents a coupon. As long as it's not a heinous principle error, you can use this coupon to avoid calling parents to come to school."

"For example. Number 60 High School canteen coupon! With this coupon, you can go to the school canteen to enjoy a great discount of 198 off when you spend 200 or more! Classmate Wang Ling. Your favorite dry noodles! You can get this coupon Come and fight for it."

"..."

To be honest. Wang Ling originally did not intend to cooperate in finding bugs.

But the discounts given are really too many...





Chapter 1615 Jiang Yingying's War Letter


Finding bugs is not Wang Ling's specialty. Since Shou Chong is confident enough to move this system to Number 60 High School for testing, there should be no special problems with the test system itself.

Although this system is currently only under internal testing for Number 60 High School.

But if we want to promote it nationwide in the future.

The carrying capacity and endurance of the system are both issues that need to be considered.

To put it bluntly, we just need stability.

So as long as this system is unstable.

Then the Ten Thousand Schools Alliance will not consider the system developed by Shou Chong.

In other words. In fact, Wang Ling does not need to find BUG at all.

Just let the system reflect instability factors.

As a weak young man who has always been dubbed the "mascot."

Until now, many people think that Wang Ling was related to luck.

This resulted in bugs appearing in the test results.

Although in the end he was assigned to the elite class.

This half year also represents the elite class going out to compete for glory for the school.

However, it is still difficult to dispel some people's dissatisfaction with Wang Ling.

So the test results of Wang Ling.

Number 60 High School Many people now simply don't believe it.

Even if he plays a little better, there doesn't seem to be any problem.

And with the help of Gray Cult believers, the overall risk is very small.

That's right.

Wang LingThe idea in my head right now is not looking for bugs at all.

He decided to "break" Shou Chong's testing system. That would be enough.

Anyway, it was an internal test at Number 60 High School. There were many people covering him.

Even if he performs beyond his level.

In the end, the problem will be attributed to the instability of the testing system mechanism and good luck...

In essence, this is also related to the psychological shortcomings of some people.

They would rather believe that it is good luck than believe that someone else is strong.

Recognizing a person's excellence is important to these people.

It's really difficult.

Teacher Pan doesn't like Shou Chong because of Shou Chong's shady past.

No one else knows about this.

But Wang Ling is clear in his heart.

It's not like he deliberately eavesdropped on Teacher Pan's thoughts.

But Teacher Pan kept chattering in his mind when he sent out the notice.

There does seem to be deep hatred.

Of course. Some people hate it. Of course, there are also supporters.

As a current Internet celebrity, Shou Chong also has many fans in Number 60 High School.

There are fans of his among students and teachers.

These people are collectively known as "Morichui."

I heard that this test system was developed by Shou Chong. Naturally, Mochuui and the others would not let this opportunity pass by.

He began to forward the nonsense inventions that Shou Chong had previously announced on the Internet in the school forum group and post bar.

In comparison, Wang Ling looks particularly calm.

He has no interest in Internet celebrities themselves.

And he also felt very bored about these inventions of Shou Chong.

After all, there is a man much stronger than Shou Chong right next to him.

In fact, even Shou Chong himself didn't think of it.

Before Wang Ming returned home from Sun Island, he had already been monitored by Wang Ming.

For example, Wang Ling now sees a series of messages sent to him by Wang Ming.

"Number 60 High School. Did he really think that he was the one who drew Number 60 High School to serve as a test site for him through a relationship?"

"Of course it was specially arranged by me."

"And he was the mastermind of the animalization incident. It's absolutely correct. I calculated based on the coordinates and finally located it in his underground laboratory."

"I think so. I'm afraid the reason why he did this is related to his next experiment."

"Of course. The reason why I know so much information is not just because of the investigation here."

"Mainly because."

"He has people from Gray Cult on his team."

"..."

Wang Ling was stunned when he saw the last message sent by Wang Ming.

His Gray Cult size...

Has it expanded to this point?

It's actually a bit outrageous.

If there are people from Gray Cult around Shou Chong.

And he also knows so much information.

Then it is extremely likely that he is an assistant level person next to Shou Chong.

However, Wang Ming's words gave Wang Ling some reassurance.

Because things have progressed to this point, wooing Shou Chong is like grabbing something from a bag.

Next, just wait for Shou Chong to fall into the hole he dug.

...

Regarding Wang Ming's subsequent deployment plans for Shou Chong. In addition to Wang Ling, he also notified Sun Rong at the same time.

The girl is thoughtful and thorough in everything she does. Wang Ming is actually quite relieved to leave the matter to Sun Rong with full authority.

"Brother Ming, don't worry. Ling Ling's matters are my business." Sun Rong hung up the phone at the Student Union Office.

In order to avoid the call being monitored, Wang Ming specially used a landline phone when contacting Sun Rong. The call can be connected remotely through brain waves.

With Wang Ming's current brainwave radiation power, it is not that difficult to cover a city.

If paired with a helmet that enhances the radiation range, Wang Ming's brain waves can be radiated to every corner of the world.

But the shortcomings are also obvious.

Wang Ming can't last much time at the moment.

This kind of behavior radiates the whole world. It takes less than five minutes to find a way to cool down the brain.

Otherwise, Zhai Yin will definitely use it to fry steak.

"Thank you for your hard work, little Rongrong." Wang Ming bared his teeth and smiled. His brain waves were immediately interrupted.

And at the same moment Sun Rong put down the phone, the door of the student union office was breached by a beautiful figure.

"Classmate Jiang...the president is on the phone. You can't go in." The assistant secretary of the student union tried to stop him, but in the end he couldn't stop Jiang Yingying.

"It's okay. Just let her in. Close the door." Sun Rong was sitting in the chair of the student union president. He was smiling. His down-to-earth and generous attitude was in sharp contrast to Jiang Yingying.

After the door of the student union was completely closed, she just crossed her fingers and looked at Jiang Yingying in front of her with her chin: "Classmate Jiang, it's better not to be too angry. You just changed back from carp. If you are emotionally unstable, you will change again." It won't be easy if we go back."

Jiang Yingying was obviously frightened by Sun Rong

She didn't know that this matter had something to do with emotions.

After taking a few deep breaths, she gritted her teeth and looked at Sun Rong: "Stop scaring me..."

"I didn't scare you." Sun Rong spread his hands with a look of disbelief.

No matter what happens, go to the Three Treasures Hall.

Sun Rong In fact, you can probably guess why Jiang Yingying came to see him.

After all, she felt that she had underestimated Jiang Yingying.

I didn't expect that she would be so persistent towards Wang Ling.

"Sun Rong. This time the school introduces a testing system. I think it is a good opportunity!" At this time, Jiang Yingying held the table with both hands and said while looking at Sun Rong.

"What chance?"

"Don't act stupid...you obviously know it!"

Jiang Yingying said: "Let's compare! Test scores! If I'm higher than you! Give me the seat next to Wang Ling!"

The expression on Sun Rong's face was unwavering. On the contrary, I thought Jiang Yingying was a little cute: "Then what if you lose? I have to get something, right?"

"If I lose...I'll...I'll..."

Jiang Yingying thought for a moment. She felt that she had nothing to gamble with Sun Rong.

money...

The girl definitely doesn't care.

Magic weapon...

Sun Rong is not lacking either.

Just raise your arms and buy whatever you want.

So Jiang Yingying gritted his teeth and said, "If I lose, I will go back to my old high school and disappear before your eyes!"





Chapter 1616 The Mysterious Transformers


This bet seems meaningless to Sun Rong. Jiang Yingying has no chance of winning at all levels.

Although Jiang Yingying's behavior seems to be reckless, he has been under the influence of Marshal Jiang since he was a child. He will not fight a battle with no chance of winning.

Therefore. When Sun Rong saw Jiang Yingying rushing into his office with great momentum, claiming that he wanted to bet against him.

Her first reaction was that there might be someone behind Jiang Yingying to back her up.

Sun Rong first excluded Jiang Xiaoche.

Jiang Xiaoche recently. Very honest.

And Sun Rong knew that his grandfather had actually warned him, so he would not directly support Jiang Yingying on something like this that went against him.

If Jiang Xiaoche is excluded, the second most suspected person is Jiugong Liangzi.

But Jiugong Liangzi is already in the same camp, so he is also excluded by Sun Rong.

So who is the remaining person most likely to help Jiang Yingying?

Sun Rong feels that before the test officially starts, it is necessary to investigate the whereabouts of Jiang Yingying.

Originally, she would ask Jiang Xiaoche or one of the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception to cooperate with the internal intelligence network to handle this matter.

But now. Gray Cult is at its peak.

Those fanatical Gray Cult believers are simply human "control guards."

There is really too much information that can be provided to Sun Rong.

All you need is Sun Rong to publish a message in the group of core members with the "leader order."

This will immediately trigger a response from the Gray Cult branch management, thus linking the entire Gray Cult. Gathering the power of everyone's information, we can get the information we want as soon as possible.

Of course. Considering that Jiang Yingying himself is also a Gray Cult believer. And he is one of the earliest Gray Cult believers.

When Sun Rong issued the leader's order, he paid special attention to it and told those branch members to avoid the Gray Cult group where Jiang Yingying was.

"The leader's order! The leader has issued an order! We need the whereabouts of this girl Jiang Yingying in recent days!"

"Order from the leader! Target. All the whereabouts of Miss Jiang Yingying within a week! Anyone who provides clues will be rewarded with 2,000 yuan! No limit to the number!"

...

Student Union Office. Sun Rong looked at the balance that was constantly being deducted from the mobile wallet. There was no wave in his heart.

Just this number in the wallet. According to the deduction of two thousand and two thousand. Even if it is deducted every thirty seconds, it will not be fully deducted until next year.

For Wang Ling.

She didn't take money as an external thing so seriously.

About an hour ago. Sun Rong found what he wanted from a bunch of video materials.

This is a piece of surveillance information provided by a Gray Cult believer who works in a tea restaurant.

Under surveillance. Jiang Yingying is dining with a handsome young man with long hair and black and purple robes.

This young man's skin is fairer than snow. He has a star-like temperament and is well behaved. He was chatting and laughing with Jiang Yingying in front of the tea restaurant.

This person Sun Rong has never been seen before. But he vaguely feels that judging from his temperament, he seems to have a sense of dÃ©jÃ  vu.

It stands to reason that such a person would be the focus of others if he appeared in a downtown area. As a result, many people around him turned a blind eye to him.

Is it using a spell similar to the "Great Shielding Spell" to reduce the sense of presence?

Sun Rong is confused about this.

If this person takes a low-key route.

So why was surveillance cameras allowed to film him?

Are you not afraid that your identity will be investigated at all?

The investigation ends here.

People have already captured it. The full HD footage is also available.

But who exactly. Sun Rong cannot be investigated yet.

Then, she used her family's intelligent AI system to conduct comparisons in Huaguo Shuilian Group's huge customer data database.

The result is still nothing.

This is very helpless.

Sun Rong sat in her seat and sighed. She didn't want to ask the seniors in the Office of Strategic Deception to cause trouble for everyone.

But now it seems that just taking a picture of this person is of no use.

You must find out your identity.

"Gentlemen. I'm sorry! I've tried my best to investigate. I got the video of the person I wanted to investigate. But I don't know this person. I wonder if you seniors could recognize him?" Sun Rong said. Sun Rong sent the surveillance screenshot to the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception.

Immortal Toya: "Huh? He looks somewhat similar to Sect Master Diulei. Could it be the real king himself? Or maybe the real king actually has a younger brother..."

"I don't have a younger brother...Don't spread rumors!"

Lord Diulei wiped his sweat: "Strange. I have never seen this person before. He is very unfamiliar. And he looks similar to me! Logically speaking, all the brothers and sisters here know about it. I have a wide circle of friends. Almost all of them are The type of photographic memory. I can remember everyone's face and name clearly after just seeing them once. If I have met this person before, I will never forget it."

Lord Diulei: "Speaking of which, judging from this person's appearance, he should be the type that Cailian Zhenren likes, right?"

Cailian Zhenren: "Looking at his facial features, he does have the potential to be a handsome guy. But it's a pity. I don't like boys who are too fat."

"Fat man? This man is not fat?" Sun Rong asked doubtfully.

The man she saw on the surveillance camera was a pretty standard handsome guy.

Of course... In comparison, she still prefers Wang Ling.

"Isn't he a fat man? He looks just like Mugu, the leader of the Yue Ban Sect." Cailian Zhenren was also particularly surprised about this. She rubbed her eyes and was sure that she had seen it correctly. The person in this screenshot was indeed a fat man.

"She's definitely not fat. She's obviously a short-haired, big-breasted beauty!"

"Nonsense... Isn't it a fair-skinned boy? He just has a pair of animal ears for some reason. Isn't the animalization incident over? Could it be the body of a certain spiritual beast?"

"What are you talking about? Why are all the orcs coming out? The one in the screenshot is obviously a long-legged guy. And his hair style is very cool."

"..." Sun Rong was horrified.

It's just a screenshot of the video. As a result, what everyone saw was that the people talking and laughing with Jiang Yingying were actually different!

"If everyone sees a different person, then this person must be casting a spell."

Then, I heard Immortal Toya sigh. He directly sent a voice analysis in the group: "And this person's level is not low. He can actually deceive the eyes of so many people in our core member group. Let everyone see him. They are all different. This kind of strength is probably far beyond the True Immortal level combat power."

"Looks like things are getting interesting."

Lord Diulei said: "Miss Sun, it is better not to investigate this matter now. Leave it to us. Once we have the results, I will tell you immediately. I will definitely find out this mysterious Transformer."

"Excuse me, Senior Diulei. Is this person very powerful?" Sun Rong asked.

"Probably a big boss. So we don't want Miss Sun to get hurt." Lord Diulei said.

Lord Diulei nodded: "Although I don't know what this person's purpose is. But he usually shields himself like this. He is 100% a powerful person. Look at Brother Ling, isn't this the case..."

Hearing this, everyone nodded.

Only on this matter, everyone's opinions were unanimous. But no one had any reason to refute.

Because it makes so much sense.





Chapter 1617 The daily life of the eternal boss


The investigation of Transformers caused quite a stir among the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception.

In the world of cultivation, there are many kinds of magic that can change shape. Many times it is used by casual cultivators who want to explore secret realms and the world when they organize group expeditions.

Strange cultivators do not know each other. It is common for them to use their identities for safety reasons.

Someone once used a thousand faces to team up with different people to explore the secret realm. After this story was spread, the term "Thousand Faces Man" became very popular in the world of cultivation.

But the Thousand-Faced Man certainly has a thousand faces. No matter what he looks like, everyone sees the same face at the same time.

Unless there is a spell more powerful than "Thousand Faces Transfiguration", it is absolutely impossible for everyone to see things differently.

This matter was a bit out of line for core members of the Office of Strategic Deception.

Fortunately, two new Eternal-level consultants have recently been welcomed into the core members.

One is Li Xian, the star wanderer who summons meteorites at every turn.

The other is Zhang Zhui, the father of Theft.

These two people were the first eternity-level experts to be released from the Corpse Map by Wang Ling. And as soon as they came out, they completed the tasks assigned by Wang Ling very well.

And now, he has officially settled in Songhai City. He has begun to learn and adapt to the life of a modern cultivator little by little.

The place to stay was arranged by Zhuo Yi.

It's still Wei Zhi's cadre apartment.

After Liu Qingyi and Wang Zhen moved out, the originally lively atmosphere suddenly became deserted. Occasionally, Wei Zhi would feel lonely.

He was not used to living under the same roof with strangers.

But now I'm getting used to it.

The main reason is that he has too many pets.

Short of money.

And the Office of Strategic Deception provided too much...

It's just a few more people living together in the living area. Not only can all his feeding expenses be taken care of, he will also be very wealthy.

This is a very good deal for Wei Zhi.

The only thing that's a little bit wrong is that. Wei Zhi realized that the two new men looked like they'd just moved into the city. They often did strange things.

"Senpai. This is called a refrigerator... So you don't have to make it snow at home. Look at my coo-coo chicken, it's freezing. The crown of the chicken has turned blue." Wei Zhi said in a pained voice.

"Okay. Sorry Mr. Landlord." Li Xian scratched his head. He apologized from the bottom of his heart.

He and Zhang Zhui are destined to have a long time to learn about the use of electrical appliances in today's cultivating life.

He had a good attitude towards admitting his mistake. Wei Zhi actually didn't take it too seriously.

It was just that he didn't think of asking about the details of the two of them until after Li Xian and Zhang Zhui moved in.

Because the money given to the Office of Strategic Deception is too much.

As for the money, Wei Zhi was temporarily dazzled. He agreed without even thinking about it.

"Um. Brother Zhuo Yi...what are the origins of these two uncles?" At lunch time, Wei Zhi called and asked.

He just saved the world again.

Because there is a Heavenly Dao durian at home, which makes Li Xian and Zhang Zhui even more curious.

When Wei Zhi discovered that the two of them were gathering together to smash open durians with meteorites, he quickly stepped forward to spread the word about what durians were.

That's it.

Poor Earth Spirit. Once again escaped disaster...

"Oh. It turns out they are brothers Wei Zhi. Do the two uncles you are talking about refer to senior Li Xian and senior Zhang Zhui?" Zhuo Yi said with a smile.

"Yeah. I think they are weird..."

A few days ago he heard the two of them discussing Taoism in the room.

What he said was something he couldn't understand.

"The Tao is Tao. It is very Tao. Brother Zi Xiang is a little too persistent. I have been obsessed. Letting go of the obsession...is the right way."

"Existence precedes essence. Let me ask you. What is the essence of Tao?"

"Then how do you define existence?"

...

Wei Zhi was a little confused after hearing a few words.

I still feel a little dizzy when I recall it.

On the other end of the phone. Zhuo Yi couldn't help laughing immediately after hearing Wei Zhi's complaints.

"It's my fault. I forgot to tell you. Seniors Li Xian and Zhang Zhui have been in seclusion for a long time. So they are not very familiar with modern cultivation life. I arranged for them to stay with you. I also want you to take time to guide them."

Zhuo Yi said: "Why. Did it cause you any trouble?"

"It's not too much trouble to arrive."

"The Office of Strategic Deception will double the compensation for any losses caused to you during the stay of the two seniors. Please rest assured."

"I've already paid a lot for the rent..." Wei Zhi held up his forehead and showed a bitter smile.

In fact, he is not that careless person.

I just want to know more about Li Xian and Zhang Zhui.

After all, we will still have to live together for a long time.

If you can understand your temper, you can avoid many unnecessary conflicts.

Over the phone. Zhuo Yi thought for a moment and then said: "Thank you for your hard work these past two days, Brother Wei Zhi. I will ask Er Ha to visit you in a few days. You haven't seen it for a while, right?"

These words were a direct reassurance for Wei Zhi.

"Ah! Er Gouzi!" Wei Zhi shouted loudly.

It has indeed been a long time since he saw Er Ha. When he went to find Er Ha before, he heard that Er Ha had been in retreat.

Of course. Er Ha hasn't come to see Wei Zhi these days. It's not because of retreat.

It has long since been promoted to a divine beast.

It's just that Mother Wang gave birth to Wang Nuan not long ago. She needs to be taken care of.

As a mature dog, Er Ha also started to learn to wash clothes, cook and change Ah Nuan girl's diapers...

"Then it's settled Zhuo Yi brother!"

Now that he heard that Er Ha was coming, Wei Zhi suddenly became happy.

I feel happier than receiving the rent payment.

After interrupting the call, he was about to go out to the spirit animal market to buy some beef bone sticks and big meat flies to prepare special dog food for Er Ha.

This is a food specially invented by Wei Zhi for Er Ha.

Use the "bone crusher" to crush the marrow inside the bone. Then insert a vacuum suction tube on one side of the beef bone to suck out the marrow and mix it with the big meat flies. Put it in a juicer and crush it. Mix it one to one and then sprinkle it with nutrients. Pink packet.

Finally, re-inject it into the complete beef bone sticks and bake it, and you're done.

Only when Er Ha comes to your door can you enjoy such royal treatment.

As one of Er Ha's few friends in the human world, Wei Zhi is indeed interesting.

While changing shoes at the door, Wei Zhui suddenly saw Zhang Zhui approaching: "Mr. Landlord. If possible. Can you take me with you?"

"Where's Senior Li Xian?"

"He was planning to go out with me. He just received a call from Sect Master Diulei. He is busy."

"That's alright. Senior, just follow me. If you encounter something you don't understand, don't rush to take action..." Wei Zhi said.

"I understand." Zhang Zhui smiled and agreed confidently.

...

The two of them took the bus from the cadre apartment all the way to the spirit animal market.

On the bus. Everything was harmonious.

Wei Zhi also breathed a sigh of relief.

But when he got out of the car, Wei Zhi suddenly realized something was wrong.

Because he found an extra sack on Zhang Zhui's hand. It was filled with coins...

"Senior, you..."

"Sorry. I couldn't hold it back for a while."

Zhang Zhui rubbed the back of his head in embarrassment: "Speaking of this sack, how do I return it?"





Chapter 1618 The daily life of the eternal boss


Wei Zhi rubbed his forehead deeply. Although Zhuo Yi had already told him that senior Zhang Zhui had a dark history of stealing things.

But if you don't correct this problem in modern cultivation society, you will still be captured and jailed... and petty theft is considered a low-level behavior even if you are placed in Songhai City Number 1 Prison.

Even if Zhang Zhui really goes in, he, an eternally strong man, may not have much face.

After all, it was impossible to be locked up with the mahjong trio who had made spectacular mistakes.

At the entrance of the coffee shop, Wei Zhi ordered two iced lattes. Then he patiently carried out legal education, criticism and education for Zhang Zhui in front of the coffee shop.

"Senior, don't think I'm verbose. If you don't correct this problem, you will have big problems in the future." Wei Zhi said.

Zhang Zhui stirred the straw in his hand and sucked the iced latte in his hand. This was his first time drinking coffee. It felt great.

And the most important thing is that he suddenly felt that Wei Zhi was cute.

It's really rare to see juniors like this who are so interesting and patient.

Zhang Zhui's nature is actually not bad. Except for the fact that his habit of stealing things is difficult to correct in a short period of time, he is not shy about admitting his mistakes.

Now he and Li Xian live under someone else's roof. The landlord is Wei Zhi.

Although Wei Zhi's age is very different from theirs.

But when three of us are together, there must be someone who is my teacher.

They need to be familiar with modern social life. They still need to rely on Wei Zhi.

Therefore, in a sense, Wei Zhi is also the master of Zhang Zhui, Li Xian and others.

After obediently listening to Wei Zhi's criticism and education, Zhang Zhui also drank the last latte in his hand. Then he looked at Wei Zhi with a stern look: "Give the money back. Then you can make meritorious deeds, right?"

"Dedicate one's crime to meritorious deeds?" Wei Zhi didn't understand what it meant.

"Where are there more pickpockets?" Zhang Zhui asked.

A crowded place where there are many pickpockets and they are easy to steal.

The first thing Wei Zhi thought of was the subway station.

In fact, this is the way to go.

It happened that the Spiritual Beast Market they were going to was originally connected by bus to subway.

If it weren't for the purpose of educating Zhang Zhui on the way, they might have already taken the subway.

"Senior, do you want to catch a thief?"

Wei Zhi suddenly laughed. He thought Zhang Zhui's idea was very good, but he thought it was not that easy: "Thieves nowadays are very good. And they have to be caught first. This is not easy."

"It's okay. I'll take care of it. If I can catch 10 today, just buy me another cup of this. What's this called?"

"Iced latte."

"eh... iced latte. If you have this, that's enough."

"If senior can really catch 10, I will buy two cups for senior." Wei Zhi suddenly found it interesting.

"It's a deal." Zhang Zhui nodded.

Then, the two of them got up and walked towards the Line 8 subway station.

At the same time, those little thieves who are lurking in the subway still don't know what will happen next...

...

Zhang Zhui is known as the "father of Che Guevara" throughout the ages. He has long been labeled as the eternal thief.

But this label is too old. The past is hard to look back on. Even Zhang Zhui is not far away from recalling it.

There is a lyric called "I have not been a big brother for many years."

And Zhang Zhui has been trapped in the Corpse Map for so long. After so many years...it seems that he has left behind the long-lost nickname of "The Thief."

At this moment, he changed into modern clothes. He stood in the crowd wearing the slim casual sweatshirt Wei Zhi prepared for him.

No one can imagine it.

This ordinary-looking uncle is a bandit leader...

"Can we really catch him?" Wei Zhi stood next to Zhang Zhui, feeling particularly curious.

Because catching a thief is a job that needs to be carried out smoothly without delaying your own schedule.

Ten pickpockets. That's not a lot, but it's actually a lot.

There are a lot of pickpockets in subway stations, but most of them are very cautious.

Some people don't take action. There's nothing you can do about them.

In fact, the moment he entered the subway station, Zhang Zhui's "thief radar" was already activated.

Just looking around, he cracked open and locked in many suspects.

However, these thieves are relatively scattered. Zhang Zhui cannot directly attack them in groups before catching the current situation.

But he had another way.

"Did you see the man wearing a silver watch in front of you?" Zhang Xi whispered in Wei Zhi's ear without squinting.

"Ah. Found it so quickly?" Wei Zhi couldn't believe it.

"Don't stare. Otherwise it will make him suspicious." After Zhang Zhui explained, Wei Zhi immediately looked away.

Although I just glanced at it.

But Wei Zhi really found it hard to believe that the man wearing a silver watch and looking like a white-collar elite could actually be a pickpocket.

Pickpockets are good at disguising themselves.

Throughout the ages, there have been many people who have worn bright and beautiful Taoist robes, dressed themselves up as celebrities in the world of cultivation and made friends everywhere, and then waited for opportunities to go to other people's homes to commit petty crimes...

This old tradition was passed down by Zhang Zhui.

Unexpectedly, it has been continued in modern cultivation society.

Once you get here...

Saw these modern counterparts. Oh no... pickpockets.

Zhang Zhui actually felt like he was home.

As a bandit, the behavior of these people is too childish in Zhang Zhui's eyes.

"The number is enough." Zhang Zhui used his thieves radar to analyze a wave of scattered pickpockets in the subway station. Zhang Zhui knew what he was doing.

He felt that he could exceed his target.

After about a few seconds, he started to say loudly to Wei Zhi: "How could anyone go to the bank with such a big bag of gold coins?"

As he spoke, he shook the box of coins he had just brought from the bus. In fact, these were not gold coins at all. It was just what Zhang Zhui said casually.

"Sorry... sorry..." Wei Zhi looked at this sudden scene and was stunned. Then he quickly touched the back of his head. He almost didn't respond.

But he quickly understood Zhang Zhui's intention.

This is "crowd ridicule."

I said this deliberately so that the pickpockets nearby who heard it would gather together.

As expected.

When Zhang Zhui and Wei Zhi boarded the subway, the pickpockets that Zhang Zhui had targeted earlier followed the subway one after another.

Some are single operators, while others are gangs committing crimes.

As soon as they entered the subway, Wei Zhi and Zhang Zhui were surrounded by a gang of pickpockets.

This is to deceive others.

So that those outstretched thieves' hands can go unnoticed.

Zhang Zhui deliberately held his bag of coins in his hand.

One minute after the subway started running normally, he felt a few pairs of thieves' hands starting to move...

"Eight hands?"

Zhang Zhui couldn't help but chuckle to himself.

He thought this was too childish.

As a thief.

He actually had a title back then.

called.

Thousand-Hand Guanyin...

"Everyone, don't you think it's a bit excessive for so many of you to attack the old man?" At this moment, in the silent subway, Zhang Zhui suddenly spoke up.

Wei Zhi felt that doing so was a bit misleading.

But at this moment, Zhang Zhui put the bag of coins he was holding on the ground.

This bag of money seemed to be attractive. The moment it landed, it attracted the hands of several thieves nearby to land at the same time...

The pickpockets all made strange noises like "Ya!"

Then all the money fell to the ground along with the bag of money that landed on the ground...

They found that their hands were stuck to the bag of money.

I can't pull it out...





Chapter 1619 The life of pickpockets


Catch a thief. Sometimes it's that simple, plain and simple.

In front of the thieves, all resistance is ineffective. These thieves will not think that their bag of money has long been cursed by Zhang. Anyone who touches it will be sucked and unable to take it off.

Then Zhang Zhui took out his cell phone and took several photos in succession of the world-famous painting in front of him, holding the money bag.

Zhang Zhui still doesn't understand how to use other functions of the mobile phone. However, he has already learned the camera function.

This is direct evidence.

The video was recorded directly after the shooting. One-stop service.

"You're young. What's wrong with you? You have to do such sneaky things."

As a veteran in the industry, Zhang Zhui stared at the young people in front of him who were extending their hands, and let out a long sigh.

Nowadays, people in the industry are getting more and more depressed.

Especially the pickpocket wearing a silver watch attracted Zhang Zhui's special attention.

At first glance, you can tell that this watch was "spelled out" for packaging purposes.

These days, in order to protect their wealthy status, socialites on the Internet do everything possible.

Fight for a hotel, fight for luxury stockings, fight for a sports car, fight for a watch, and even fight for afternoon tea...after taking photos and sending them to WeChat Moments, we leave.

But a pickpocket is a pickpocket. No matter how you package yourself, you can't change the sneaky nature.

"Don't you feel any sense of shame?" In response, Zhang Zhui questioned these pickpockets: "Every penny and every thing you steal may be the victim's life and property." Ah! I feel so ashamed and disgraceful for you, old man!"

"..."

Wei Zhi immediately discovered that Zhang Zhui's face was not ordinary thick-skinned.

It's obvious that this is what he does... Why can he still use such a serious and thoughtful tone?

Wei Zhi was puzzled by this.

As for this, Wei Zhi himself didn't understand it clearly.

He didn't know that the person standing in front of him now was the biggest thief in the industry.

"Senior...we're all just making a living. Do you really deserve to be so awesome?" The man with the silver watch on his hand said with a sad face.

They were caught in action by Zhang Zhui. They were also photographed and videotaped.

Suddenly I knew I had met an expert today.

Therefore, I didn't even dare to show off when I stood in front of Zhang Zhui.

He counted the number of people in front of him. In this wave, Zhang Zhui captured a total of six people.

But this amount is still not enough.

You can't even get an iced latte in exchange for it.

But Zhang Zhui knows very well that pickpockets in the thieves circle rarely work alone.

Gangs cover each other when committing crimes. Only then can the success rate be increased with a high probability.

Therefore, Zhang Zhui concluded that there were other accomplices around these seven people.

But after seeing these seven people being tricked, they immediately abandoned their companions and acted like "passers-by."

Zhang Zhui touched his chin.

He is currently studying vocabulary in modern society with Li Xian.

I didn't expect that this skill of "pretending to be a passerby" in the rice circle actually has something in common with the pickpocket world.

His goal was to gather ten people for business.

So there is no need to catch everyone. As long as one of these seven people can stand up and point out his accomplice, everything will be settled.

But Zhang Zhui also knows it very well.

All this must be resolved before the subway reaches the next station.

Otherwise, when the door opens, those friends will sneak away without hesitation.

At this moment, Zhang Zhui stared at these people and said meaningfully: "Young people, it is inevitable to make mistakes. But as long as you correct them in time, it is not too late. I will give you a chance to point it out before the next station opens. Whoever identifies his accomplice first will be let go."

"This..." The seven pickpockets all lowered their heads.

It is true that they have accomplices.

But in the final analysis, it still serves the pickpocket organization behind it.

There are rules within the organization. If you are caught, you will stay in jail honestly. Generally, those who fail to commit crimes can be released after more than ten days in jail.

As for betraying accomplices, this is something that must never be done.

Because they will be retaliated by pickpockets.

But Zhang Zhui seemed to be able to read the minds of the seven people in front of him. He clearly understood the thoughts of the seven people in front of him: "If you are worried about being retaliated, don't worry. You have old age as your guarantee. As long as you change your ways, no one can. I'll take action against you."

"You must have seen this old trick. Make a decision quickly. The next stop is coming soon."

At this time, the man wearing a silver watch suddenly pointed at a few people in front of him and shouted: "Those are my accomplices! The man with the killer haircut, the aunt with saggy breasts, the website holding the red mobile phone Red face! And that middle-aged Mediterranean man!"

These characteristics are described very standardly.

So Zhang Zhui quickly locked onto the character.

One for four.

The indicator can be achieved just right.

"Damn it!"

The pickpockets named by the man with the silver watch were shocked. They did not expect that the man with the silver watch would betray them.

They fled to other cars one after another.

However, how could it slip away so easily under Zhang Zhui's nose?

Zhang Zhui waved his hand. These people suddenly felt that their pants and skirts were loose. They fell off their bodies inexplicably. Then they all tripped and fell to the ground.

This is another one of Zhang Zhui's special skills, "God comes to take off clothes."

Can quickly take off any clothing targeted...

Since it was in a public place, Zhang Zhui could not be cruel.

Otherwise, these people wouldn't even have a single piece of clothing left on them.

...

So at the entrance of the next subway station, nearby plainclothes police officers rushed to the scene immediately after receiving the alarm.

When they saw Zhang Zhui and Wei Zhi escorting ten pickpockets out of the subway in a line, all the police officers looked shocked.

It's been a long time since they've seen a thief on this scale...

Because the man with the silver watch took the initiative to report it, Zhang Zhui kept his promise and let the man go.

There was no man with the silver watch in the queue.

And before the man with the silver watch left, he wrote a talisman on the palm of the man with the silver watch.

This is for men with silver watches to save their lives.

Avoid subsequent retaliation and the like.

"Comrade policeman, because a junior took the initiative to report the matter, I kept my promise and let him go. Doesn't that matter?" Zhang Zhui took the initiative to step forward and shook hands with the plainclothes man.

"He stole your things... If you decide not to pursue the case, it's no problem." The plainclothes policeman wiped his sweat.

Zhang Zhui showed the photo taken on his phone: "That's the guy. He's wearing a silver watch."

"Hey. I've never seen a face before. He should be a new guy in the gang. It's not necessarily that he was forced to join due to some kind of threat." Several old policemen came around and recognized their faces. They all shook their heads.

One of the old policemen sighed. He stared at the old faces in front of him and whispered to Zhang Zhui: "The two groups you see are organized by the two biggest pickpockets in the circle. There are many people. One is called The hunter guild, one is called the League of Thieves."

Zhang Zhui smiled: "Tell me this. Doesn't it matter?"

The old policeman directly put his shoulder to his shoulder and said, "Although I don't know who this brother is, I can tell he is an expert at a glance. Even experienced plainclothes guys like us are beyond our reach! I wonder if your brother is interested in being our consultant?"

"Isn't this... not good?" Zhang Zhui smiled.

"There is a salary!" the old policeman said: "Ten thousand a month! As long as the target can be achieved. Help me destroy the Hunters Association and the Thieves League smoothly. Everything else is easy to talk about."

"Ten thousand yuan." Zhang Zhui touched his chin.

Ten thousand yuan. It can buy more than 300 large iced lattes.

Sounds like a pretty good deal.

"Okay." Finally, Zhang Zhui and the old policeman named Kong Feng added each other on WeChat and nodded in agreement.

Before leaving, Zhang Zhui handed the bag of money to Kong Feng.

"So this isn't your money?" Kong Feng was surprised.

"No. In fact, it was all stolen from these pickpockets. It is said that these pickpockets stole it from the cash box of a certain bus!"

Pickpockets: "???"

...

When he went out for a trip, he also joined the plainclothes police team who were fighting against pickpockets as a consultant. This was something Zhang Zhui did not expect.

On the way to the spirit beast market, his eyes suddenly turned to Wei Zhi: "Did you arrange this?"

Wei Zhi was sweating profusely.

He was not good at lying. He had to tell the truth: "I'm sorry, senior...I...I just thought it was very interesting. I just sent what happened to Zhuo Yi brother...Zhuo Yi brother said I can help you introduce a job by the way..."

"..."

"Senior, don't be angry..."

"I'm not angry."

"Later. I'll let senior drink all you can ice latte!"

"Deal." Zhang Zhui nodded with a smile on his face.

He found Wei Zhi's back more and more cute.

And it seems good to join an anti-pocketing organization or something.

It's a way for him, an eternal old man, to use his remaining energy...





Chapter 1620 Anti-pocketing consultant


The bustling spirit beast market. All kinds of regular spirit beasts for sale are squatting obediently in their own glass cabinets, eating the exquisite feed prepared by the merchants, and waiting for their owners.

This is the largest Lingyi Market in Songhai City. You can buy almost any spiritual beast you want.

Spiritual beasts below the fifth level do not need to hold a certificate. They only need to provide the corresponding realm certificate. You can take the Golden Core home directly after paying for it.

Most of the spiritual beasts above the fifth level are large spiritual beasts. That is, for example, the range from the fourth level spiritual beast to the first level spiritual beast.

In addition to having a certain level, cultivators also need to provide a qualification certificate as a professional pet trainer.

Being at a high level does not mean that you have the ability to control spiritual beasts and treat them well.

In modern society, there is actually an equal relationship between spiritual beasts and cultivators.

The seller of spirit beasts actually plays the role of an intermediary.

In addition to the cost of feeding the spirit beast, the intermediary fee and monthly store maintenance fees are also included in the funds for purchasing the spirit beast.

Of course, the largest proportion of this money is the employment fee of spiritual beasts.

Said it was to buy a spiritual beast.

In fact, you hire a spiritual beast to fight for you. And the money is also transferred to the exclusive account of the hired spiritual beast.

High-level spiritual beasts have intelligence. They know how to trade and enjoy life.

So now we see some transformed spiritual beasts appearing in downtown areas on the market. It is not surprising to modern monks.

Of course, permanent employment buyouts are also available.

It requires the mutual will between the employer and the spirit beast to sign a contract.

The effectiveness will last until the employer is extinct and cannot inherit the spirit beast. Or the spirit beast dies.

Such an equal and strict cultivation system was simply unimaginable aeons ago.

Zhang Zhui was standing in this huge spirit animal market. Feeling the noisy voices of people and the screams of spirit animals around him, he suddenly felt like he was in another world.

A few days ago he and Li Xian watched a classic movie {The Shawshank Redemption}.

There was an old man inside who had been in prison for decades.

When the old man was released from prison, he couldn't adapt to the modern world.

In the end, the old man chose to hang himself in the hotel where he was staying.

When Zhang Zhui and Li Xian saw this, they also found two ropes.

At that time, Wei Zhi opened the door.

I saw two people hanging on the rafters chatting...

They are eternal strong men who cannot die.

In a sense, it's quite lonely.

This scene at that time had a profound impression on Wei Zhi.

I feel like these two strange uncles are engaging in some sort of performance art.

But now Li Xian and Zhang Zhui. Because Wang Ling can use them. They need to adapt to modern life.

Therefore, the two of them are also working hard to learn and adapt.

"Xiao Zhi."

The two of them were walking well.

Suddenly, Zhang Zhui stopped Wei Zhi.

"What's wrong, senior?" Wei Zhi showed a confused face.

"Go ahead and buy it. I want to sit by the fountain for a while. I haven't seen so many people for a long time." Zhang Zhui sighed.

"Okay." Wei Zhi nodded and agreed happily. Before leaving, he asked: "Senior, please don't take other people's things randomly..."

"Don't worry. I'm now an advisor to the anti-pocketeering team. I have to set an example." Zhang Zhui responded.

Wei Zhi felt relieved. He saw Zhang Zhui sitting down by the spring. He stared at it for a few seconds before leaving.

Although he felt that he didn't quite understand what kind of person Zhang Zhui was.

But looking at it from the back.

He felt that the two new uncles Zhang Zhui and Li Xian must have stories!

...

Zhang Zhui was sitting by the fountain, feeling the atmosphere of the downtown area, thoughtfully in his heart.

The modern society of cultivation seems to be much smaller than that of the Eternal Era. However, the group of sentient beings in front of him has become the condensation of the Eternal Era. It always makes Zhang Zhui's thoughts go back to a long, long time ago unconsciously.

While he was settling.

Deep in my heart, I am constantly reflecting on the things I have done. Even though it has become a thing of the past, I can never go back.

After sitting quietly for a while, Zhang Zhui received a call from Li Xian: "Brother Zi Xiang. Where are you now? Why did you leave me alone in the meeting and sneak out by yourself?"

Zhang Zhui smiled: "Aren't you going out for a walk with little friend Wei Zhi? The world is so big. I want to go for a walk too."

"That's right. I received a request for help from the Office of Strategic Deception. They need to investigate a man with a thousand faces." Li Xian told Zhang Zhui exactly what Lord Diulei said.

"Everyone sees a different face, right?" Zhang Zhui frowned.

"Yes. Because we don't know the identity of the Man with a Thousand Faces. Fellow student Sun Rong is very disturbed. You know that. That girl and Ling Zhenren are good friends. If we can help her. Maybe we can get Ms. Sun to put in a good word for us."

"I understand." Zhang Zhui nodded.

In terms of sophistication, he and Li Xian are both experienced. There is no need to say more.

"So what can you think of? A spell that can make everyone see different faces? Is this an illusion?" Li Xian admitted that he had vast experience, but he had never heard of such a spell.

The main reason is that everyone sees different faces. Even Li Xian couldn't see through it himself. He stared at the screenshot for a long time. He found that the person in the picture was a little lolita wearing white stockings... and others Everyone sees it differently.

"What a hell. Now there is a rumor in the Office of Strategic Deception that I am a lolicon. I am not a paladin legend." Li Xian held his forehead and felt a deep headache from this.

"..."

Zhang Zhui held his chin and thought for a while. Then he said: "I have thought of a spell. But that spell originated from eternity..."

"Eternal magic? How is this possible?" Li Xian was surprised.

"Although the probability is very low, I think it is not completely impossible to happen. Even though Dao Ancestor Wang has locked up so many people in the picture, I still believe that there must be some people who have been missed."

"Brother Zi Xiang means that apart from us, there are still those who are still alive today? And they are still living a secluded life in the human world?"

"It's just speculation. There is no conclusive evidence."

Zhang Zhui said: "But this matter is a bit troublesome. To be able to activate such an illusion, you must at least be an Earthly Ancestor. But why would an Earthly Ancestor find such a little girl to make a deal? This is something I have no idea about. I can't understand it."

Things get interesting.

In fact, Zhang Zhui felt that instead of conducting such a mindless investigation, it would be faster to go directly to Jiang Yingying and ask for clarification.

"Going to Miss Jiang directly? That's not good..."

"It's just a secret investigation. Since Miss Jiang has already met him once, she will definitely make an appointment again."

Zhang Zhui said: "In the evening, Brother Li Xian and I will go to Miss Jiang's house to have a look."

"Cultivation communities in modern society have wall-penetrating alarms. If you use the wall-penetrating technique, you will be discovered..." Li Xian was worried.

"Who said we were going to go through the wall?"

Zhang Zhui hehe: "It would be over if we just pick the lock."

This is.

He is good at his old job...

Li Xian was shocked: "Aren't you already an anti-pocketing consultant now..."

Zhang Zhui: "This is called familiarity with business. If you don't practice for too long, your hands will become rusty. If I am a consultant, how can I be a consultant for others?"

Li Xian: "..."





Chapter 1621 Jiang Yingying. Danger again!


In the middle of the night, Li Xian and Zhang Zhui came to the apartment downstairs where Jiang Yingying lived.

Jiang Yingying originally lived in a cadre apartment. Mr. Jiang wanted to take care of his granddaughter's daily life and develop a habit. Today's young people order takeout every day. The food tastes particularly unhealthy.

But after Jiang Yingying transferred to Number 60 High School, he begged him to move out. He chose an apartment closer to Number 60 High School.

Of course. This is mainly due to Jiang Yingying's own selfishness.

She originally wanted to stop Wang Ling on her way to school.

Jiang Yingying has read countless youth comics with campus themes. Almost all of them have this kind of plot.

For example, the hero and heroine met by chance on the way to school. Because they were late, they bumped into each other... and because of this wonderful fate, they developed feelings for each other...

Jiang Yingying couldn't help but feel her face getting hot every time she thought of this. She held her face in her hands and slapped her slender calves, lying on the bed and thinking about it.

She felt that if there was such a plot, it must be very romantic.

However in fact.

If it really collides with Wang Ling.

Definitely not that romantic...

Because it's obvious. This is going to be the scene of a car accident.

The impact of the backlash after actively colliding with Wang Ling. For Jiang Yingying, it was the same as being repeatedly run over by a heavy truck of dozens of tons.

Then there is no more.

There are all kinds of liquids on the ground. But there is no Jiang Yingying...

...

However, adolescent girls still maintain fantasies. In fact, this is also a sign of cuteness.

And Jiang Yingying's results did not disappoint.

As an old gang bully and an old unlucky guy, she has never met Wang Ling once since she moved to an apartment near Number 60 High School.

But she doesn't believe in evil. She still wakes up early every day and squats at the gate waiting for Wang Ling to show up.

And Wang Ling has long seen through Jiang Yingying's idea.

He found Jiang Yingying very troublesome. It was more troublesome than when he first met Sun Rong in the first semester of high school...

As the saying goes, there is no harm without comparison.

Now with Jiang Yingying's template. Wang Ling suddenly felt that Sun Rong was great.

In comparison. Sun Rong is really much more sensible and mature than Jiang Yingying.

And the most important thing is that now Sun Rong will take the initiative to share some of his troubles. And all he has to pay is a few insignificant white rabbit toffee and being secretly liked by other girls.

This seems to be a free trade for Wang Ling.

Anyway, it's impossible for him to really fall in love with Sun Rong. What does it matter?

Not to mention now. It won't be possible in the future.

And now. He has no interest in Sun Rong at all... That's right. Not at all!

Wang Ling has made the same decision in his heart countless times.

Including the last time he went to Palm Cliff to rescue Sun Rong.

Wang Ling finally wrote in his private diary in his own space. He summarized the incident in six words: a strong friendship between classmates...

...

When Li Xian and Zhang Zhui agreed to meet at the bottom of the apartment building where Jiang Yingying lived, the time was six o'clock in the evening on Thursday, December 24.

The two of them checked the time on their mobile phones.

"Why don't you just slip in through the back door."

"Brother Zi Xiang...We must abide by modern laws."

"Heh. Last time you smashed the door with a meteorite. You said it was force majeure."

"eh...Because of this incident, I was deducted a few points. So I have to be careful now and don't cause unnecessary trouble."

"Okay. I will listen to you." Zhang Zhui spread his hands helplessly.

I was about to enter the apartment when I was suddenly stopped by the security guard at the door.

"You two, what do you do?" The old security guard had never seen the faces of these two people. He felt that the eyes of Li Xian and Zhang Zhui were sneaky.

"We..." In this regard, Li Xian admits that he has little experience.

He has traveled to many places, but rarely sneaks into a girl's boudoir... Last time, he accidentally showed up at Old God's house. That can't be said to be sneaking in. It's just that Old God invited him to go.

However, the guilty-minded Old God hid him.

In the end, it turned into a big oolong and misunderstanding. So Li Xian was actually a little resistant to going to a girl's boudoir. Not only was she resistant... but she also had a bit of a psychological shadow.

In this regard, Zhang Zhui's experience is much richer in comparison.

In order to understand modern thieves' methods, he just finished the "Detective Conan" series not long ago. He mainly watched the part about Kaitou Kidd.

Naturally, we also know the importance of disguise.

So Zhang Zhui naturally took out his ID from his pocket.

This is the temporary consultant certificate given to him by Kong Feng, the leader of the anti-pocketeering team. It also has the official seal of the police station on it.

Zhang Zhui laughed: "Uncle, we are the consultants of the anti-pocketing team. We mainly come to your community to visit and see if there are any loopholes. We will come out soon."

The old man looked at Zhang Zhui with a sinister look on his face. He didn't think he was a good person.

He took a photo with his ID. It seemed that he sent it to a friend who was more knowledgeable about this. After confirming that it was correct, he opened the gate: "Then you can go in. Thank you for your hard work, comrades."

Finally passed the first level successfully.

Li Xian secretly breathed a sigh of relief.

After all, it was Zhang Zhui. His experience as an eternal thief and his big heart and reflexes cultivated through long-term work in this field finally helped him.

Next is the most exciting part.

Pick the lock.

In the modern world of cultivation, the door lock cylinder of a cultivator is also very special. You need to insert the key and recite the mantra silently in your heart to open the restriction in the lock cylinder. Otherwise, an alarm will sound immediately.

Before coming here, Zhang Zhui made a special effort to find out.

It sounds like a very advanced method, but in Zhang Zhui's opinion, it's actually just childish. It's just a leftover method from the ancient times. And it's a simplified version.

When he was robbing tombs, he broke the locks of countless tombs. The restrictions were much stronger than they are now.

One missed step will lead to death.

After the two arrived at the door of Jiang Yingying's house, Li Xian's expression looked a little nervous.

"Should I go to look for the wind? Brother Zi Xiang?"

"No need. Just a lock. It will be over soon."

Zhang Zhui smiled: "Speaking of which, this ability to pick locks was passed down to me by a teacher."

"Isn't it your special skill as a thief to slip in and pick locks?"

"I think I'm strong. But that person is stronger than me." Zhang Zhui said with a smile: "In the beginning, I could pick the lock with just a knitting yarn. But that person used his mind to pick the lock."

"He's a strange person." Li Xian nodded and asked, "Who is this person? Do I know him?"

There are only a few famous people in the Eternal Period. His experience is also very vast. I feel that if I know Zhang Zhang, I might be able to recognize him.

Communication between people of the same level is sometimes so simple and unpretentious.

Just like WeChat Moments.

Sometimes you will find that one of your friends is actually giving likes to another friend. Only then do you realize that these two people actually know each other...

"I don't know if you've heard of it."

Zhang Zhui said: "His surname is Xiang. His name is Xiang Yi."





Chapter 1622 Night Attack


The most famous thief in the Eternal Era is none other than Zhang Zhui. But besides Zhang Zhui, there are other Eternal Powerhouses who can be ranked as such.

Zhang Zhui was the number one thief of the year.

The second person behind Zhang Zhui is Wuming, who is known as the Ten Thousand Ghosts Walking at Night.

As the name suggests. Because no one knows this person's name, it is called Wuming1.

1(Wuming translates to "Nameless") Of course, there is also a theory that this person is actually named Wu Ming. Later, he was yelling and screaming, but for no apparent reason, he lost his name...

Li Xian once had an encounter with Wu Ming. This man was petite and his face could not be seen clearly. The aura all over his body was wrapped in layers of secret bandages, making it airtight. He was a very good person who hid himself.

Therefore, at that time, some people also speculated that Wuming's true identity was a little lolita.

At that time, it also caused a trend.

"Do you know Wu Ming?" At this time, Li Xian couldn't help being curious and asked.

"Is there another person like this?" Zhang Zhui raised his eyebrows and then shook his head.

"He/she is the second best thief in your world. You don't know?" Li Xian was surprised.

"Ha. The rankings are all given by others. This battle between first and second. This drama is just empty talk." Zhang Zhui said with a smile: "I focused on performance back then. No serious person would look at the rankings."

I have to say, what Zhang Zhui said actually made sense. Li Xian was speechless for a moment.

While talking softly, Zhang Zhui suddenly turned the handle and opened the door.

"It's done."

"So fast?"

"For me, this score is a failing grade." Zhang Zhui sighed and said, "Look back. You have to practice again."

Mainly, it is the lock cylinder of the modern cultivation world. The structure inside is too simple. It is almost a brainless structure.

Zhang Zhui was used to picking high-end locks back then. So when he encounters these modern locks, he often confuses the problem and delays the time of picking the lock.

This is like a high-end game player predicting the moves of a low-end game player.

You would think that players in low-end games are very good at their physical skills. They are quick to deal with damage and have crazy predictions.

As a result, the opponent was walking in a straight line!

And you.

All skills are empty...

So Zhang Zhui pried the lock of Jiang Yingying's house for three minutes before opening it.

This is a shame for him.

But in the eyes of an outsider like Li Xian, who only knows how to smash doors with meteorites, he is already considered very powerful.

"It would be great if I could see that old master again in my lifetime." After opening the door, Zhang Zhui couldn't help but murmured softly.

"Is that the great god named Xiang Yi?"

"He knows a lot of things. It's not just lock picking. But if it's a lock of this level, he can open it in the blink of an eye." Zhang Zhui's eyes showed admiration. It can be seen that he respects Xiang Yi.

This made Li Xian a little curious.

Because he rarely saw Zhang Zhui look like this.

Based on his experience, he shouldn't know about those famous eternal strong men. So he thought Zhang Zhui was making up some nonsense story to deceive him.

But now it seems that these things are true.

...

A night raid on a high school girl's apartment was something I would have never imagined before.

After all, he is a modest gentleman. There is no way he would do such an act that offends a girl and is ungentlemanly.

But I didn't expect that the persona I had maintained for many years would be completely shattered on this day.

For a time, Li Xian's heart became a little complicated.

The apartment Jiang Yingying lives in is relatively small, only 50 square meters. However, although Ma Jiao is small, it is fully equipped.

This is a private room. Every place is light pink. It is full of a girlish feeling.

At first glance, you can tell that it is a house where girls live.

As soon as he entered the door, Zhang Zhui grabbed a surveillance camera in front of him with lightning speed and covered the surveillance camera with a seal.

This is a surveillance camera specially installed by Marshal Jiang to protect the safety of his granddaughter. It is directly facing the door.

Fortunately, Zhang Zhui reacted quickly. He stepped forward and covered it with his seal. The picture captured by the surveillance camera was temporarily affected by the spell effect and was frozen in the picture where the door had not been opened more than ten seconds ago.

"As expected of Brother Zi Xiang." Li Xian marveled in his heart.

He followed Zhang Zhui carefully, trying not to make the slightest sound.

Because the room was quiet. Jiang Yingying seemed to have fallen asleep.

What time did you go to bed?

It's only a quarter past six in the evening!

Nowadays, the young people in the cultivation world are all newcomers who advocate sleeping with others and getting high...

Li Xian instinctively sensed that something was not quite right.

"Brother Zi Xiang, this situation seems a bit..."

"Don't say so much yet."

The two used sound transmission to secretly establish a team channel to communicate.

Zhang Zhui frowned and stuffed a slippery object into Li Xian's hand.

"This is?" Li Xian looked at the thing in his hand and was shocked.

"Silk stockings." Zhang Zhui said.

"Silk...silk stockings...what do I want silk stockings for..."

"Of course it's a pullover. It can cover it up a little bit," Zhang said without changing his expression.

"But if you steal someone else's stockings, it's a bit..."

"Isn't there nothing you can do about it? Just make do with it, dear brother." Zhang Zhui finished speaking. He couldn't help but smile: "Besides, can we call stealing something for a cultured person? This is clearly called stealing."

"..."

Li Xian was speechless.

He is an honest man.

This is also the first time to do this kind of thing.

I felt extremely nervous inside.

He had always only used meteorites to solve problems. After sensing that the situation in the house was not good, he immediately became a little nervous. He didn't know what to do next.

This kind of sneaky occasion is not Li Xian's home field after all.

His mind went blank. He stared at the stockings in his hand. Finally he gritted his teeth and put them on according to Zhang Zhui's instructions.

And the other side.

Zhang Zhui said nothing. He took out his mobile phone and took a photo of Li Xian...

Li Xian: "Brother Zi Xiang. What are you?"

Zhang Zhui: "Just to commemorate."

Li Xian: "Memory is nothing! Why don't you use it yourself!"

Zhang Zhui smiled again: "I'm a seasoned person. You don't need these. You are a newcomer, so you have to use them. And you are very lucky today."

Li Xian didn't answer: "What do you mean?"

Zhang Zhui: "These stockings were used by Miss Jiang."

Li Xian knew that he had been tricked by Zhang Zhui. He was so angry that he took off the black silk stockings and threw it to the ground.

--Isn't this so fucking deceptive!

At this moment, Zhang Zhui and Li Xian suddenly heard noise coming from Jiang Yingying's door.

"Someone is coming. Hide first." Zhang Zhui reacted quickly and immediately took Li Xian and flew toward a room.

Li Xian was simply dragged away by Zhang Zhui. He was shocked when he entered the house.

Because the place where Zhang Zhui took him to hide turned out to be Jiang Yingying's bedroom.

At this time, Jiang Yingying looked very tired and was sleeping with his head buried in the quilt.

Li Xian suddenly felt bad: "Why are you hiding here..."

"It's only such a big place in total. Where else can we hide?" Zhang Zhui made a hissing gesture, and then winked at Li Xian. The two of them fell silent at the same time, and used clairvoyance to look out the door warily.

At this moment, the door handle of the main entrance of Jiang Yingying's apartment was unscrewed by another hand...





Chapter 1623 Marshal Jiang's request


The time goes back a few hours. That is, two hours before the end of school at Number 60 High School today.

The student union office where Sun Rong works received an unexpected person.

When Marshal Jiang suddenly pushed the door of the student union office, facing the old man who suddenly appeared in front of him, Sun Rong was instinctively stunned.

It stands to reason that with Jiang Yingying's character, stubbornness and stubborn temper, he would never tell his elders what happened between them in private.

This was a very embarrassing thing for the stubborn girl.

This can actually be seen from the last time I went to the ancient street to throw Stone Spear.

Jiang Yingying still hopes to use his own strength to defeat her.

Therefore, when he saw Marshal Jiang in front of him, Sun Rong was slightly surprised, but he was also sure that Marshal Jiang was not out for his granddaughter.

After all, it's not actually the point where I want to stand out yet.

Even though there is a slight dispute between Sun Rong and Jiang Yingying over the issue of Wang Ling, Sun Rong is still confident about Jiang Yingying's standards in this regard.

Otherwise, she wouldn't have taken the initiative to ask for a fight to save Jiang Yingying last time in the ancient street.

If we forget about Wang Ling. Sun Rong once thought that he might become good friends with Jiang Yingying.

"Hello. Rongrong. Do you still remember me?" After entering the door, Marshal Jiang put aside his old-fashioned look when he was in the cadre apartment. He was unusually kind.

This feeling. Sun Rong seems to have seen it somewhere before.

After all, there is an old man in her family who loves his granddaughter.

No matter how stern a person is, as soon as he thinks of his precious granddaughter, his expression will immediately change.

Sun Rong stood up quickly and greeted her politely: "Of course I remember! Why is Uncle Jiang free to come here today? Are you here to ask about Yingying's situation?"

Marshal Jiang held Sun Rong's hand tightly. Then the two sat down on the sofa together.

It was obvious. The expression on Mr. Jiang's face when he heard Jiang Yingying's words was also a bit off: "The granddaughter is grown up. She is not a young girl after all..."

He sighed: "I've been trying to talk her out of it. Failed to persuade her to move out of the apartment. A girl. Must move out alone to live. How dangerous it is."

Sun Rong smiled: "Don't be nervous, Mr. Jiang. Yingying is your granddaughter. Who would dare to touch her?"

Marshal Jiang smiled bitterly: "I know. Naturally, no one would dare to do anything to her. But I'm afraid of those who don't know. Those who don't realize it. I'm still worried. I installed a surveillance camera in her living room. But the girl resents it. She unplugs it every now and then."

"What about finding someone to protect her?" Sun Rong asked: "Uncle Jiang knows so many people. You can find someone to secretly rent another house next to where classmate Yingying lives."

"You don't know. This girl is very clever and cautious. All the people I was looking for were spotted by her before and were driven away. I don't know where this girl got her weird judgment..."

Marshal Jiang sighed helplessly.

Jiang Yingying has an extraordinary sensitivity in this regard. Even Marshal Jiang was amazed.

"Ah this..."

Sun Rong is smiling.

In fact, after listening to Marshal Jiang say this, she could already vaguely sense Marshal Jiang's appeal...

"So today I came to see Rongrong. I just wanted to ask Rongrong if he had any ideas." Marshal Jiang said, "Old Sun and I are also old friends. But it's not appropriate to approach him about my granddaughter. That's why I came to you. Girl's Home. Understand each other better."

"..." Sun Rong fell silent.

In fact, she doesn't feel that she really understands Jiang Yingying.

If she really understood, she wouldn't know why Jiang Yingying keeps pestering Wang Ling...

Obviously this is an unrealistic thing. But the other party has no intention of giving up. And the more he fights, the braver he gets.

This makes Sun Rong also feel a headache.

"Uncle Jiang knows, has classmate Yingying made any new friends recently?" At this time, Sun Rong asked.

In fact. This is Sun Rong asking about the Thousand-Faced Man.

If Marshal Jiang cares about Jiang Yingying, he might know something.

"A new friend? I'm not sure." Marshal Jiang stroked his chin: "She did go out for coffee with a classmate wearing your 60 High School uniform a while ago. I was right behind her. Fortunately that kid didn't do anything out of the ordinary. It saved his life."

"..." Sun Rong fell silent again.

She didn't think the Man of Many Faces was so smart.

Actually pretending to be a classmate directly in front of Marshal Jiang. It's really incredible...

"What's wrong with Rongrong? Is there any difficulty?"

"No. Uncle Jiang, it's your favor. I will definitely help. Don't worry."

"That's it!" Marshal Jiang smiled. Then he asked Sun Rong to open her palm and carved a talisman on her palm.

"This is..."

"This is the door opener for Yingying's side of the house. Rongrong, you must help me to find a reliable person."

"Okay. Uncle Jiang, I will take care of it." Sun Rong agreed with a smile.

...

After Marshal Jiang finished explaining the matter and left, Sun Rong fell into deep thought again.

To put it bluntly, Marshal Jiang hoped that she would find someone unknown to Jiang Yingying to protect Jiang Yingying's safety.

The main reason is that the people found by Marshal Jiang will be spotted and driven away. So he turned a corner and found himself.

To be honest. Sun Rong feels that Jiang Yingying is quite naive in a sense.

Such a big man makes the elders fearful.

But there is a relationship between ancestors. Since it is Marshal Jiang's personal entrustment, it is naturally impossible for her to refuse.

Of course. Sun Rong cannot really take action in this matter personally.

So after careful consideration, she found the most suitable candidate...

...

So, when Jiugong Liangzi appeared at the door of Jiang Yingying's house with the talisman handed over by Sun Rong, she was filled with emotion.

She wants to return the favor to Sun Rong. Of course she has to do this favor.

Even though I just said I didn't want to come, I still came.

The main reason is that Jiang Yingying and Sun Rong are still in the confrontation stage.

So when facing Jiugong Liangzi, Jiang Yingying's attitude became more polite.

At this time, Jiugong Liangzi came over personally and took the initiative to express his goodwill to Jiang Yingying.

On the one hand, you can better understand Jiang Yingying's thoughts. On the other hand, you can also provide some protection within your ability.

"Miss, this is it." Junko Zhongchun followed Jiugong Liangzi.

"Hmm. Have you bought it from across the street?"

"We bought it. The landlord didn't agree at first. But we offered a price three times higher than the market price. He immediately knelt down."

"very good."

Jiugong Liangzi nodded.

Yes. The Jiugong family has bought the house opposite Jiang Yingying.

In the future, some of Jiugong Liangzi's bodyguards will be arranged to live here.

Ostensibly disguised as Jiugong's staff dormitory.

In fact, it is used to protect Jiang Yingying.

In Jiang Yingying's stereotyped thinking, the Jiugong family has nothing to do with Sun Rong and has no contact with Marshal Jiang, so she would not have thought that these people were here to protect her.

At this time, Jiugong Liangzi also opened the door and entered the house directly using the talisman handed over by Sun Rong.

"Why is it so dark..."

"You're going to rest at this point?" Jiugong Liangzi pursed his lips. He suddenly felt that Jiang Yingying's routine was chaotic.

She was not polite at all. She walked over and opened Jiang Yingying's bedroom door. She found that Jiang Yingying was sleeping under the quilt.

"This girl... doesn't even know when someone is in the house." Jiugong Liangzi held her forehead.

She was about to wake Jiang Yingying up.

And at that moment. There's movement at the door again...

"Is there anyone else coming besides us?" Jiugong Liangzi's hand paused.

"No more. Miss."

"Interesting. Maybe it's a break-in." Jiugong Liangzi hummed: "Then Miss. I'll play with this guy."

She said. She withdrew her hand. Giving up on the idea of waking up Jiang Yingying.

About to hide under the bed with Junko Zhongchun.

It turned out that she had just lifted the bedclothes.

I happened to see two uncles, Li Xian and Zhang Zhui, lying neatly underneath...

Jiugong Liangzi, Junko Zhongchun: "..."





Chapter 1623 Horror Story


What kind of experience is it for four people to squeeze under one bed? Jiugong Liangzi didn't know this before.

Now. She knows...

Because Jiang Yingying's bed is not wide enough, it can only fit two adults at most.

So the situation under the bed now is like this.

Li Xian and Junko Zhongchun are lying at the bottom. This is the first floor.

Zhang Zhui and Jiugong Liangzi were lying on their backs respectively.

The picture is so beautiful that it once made people afraid to look directly at it.

The four of them have decided one after another that they will never tell this matter to anyone.

"Senior Li Xian...what are you doing here?" Jiugong Liangzi didn't know Zhang Zhui. But he still knew Li Xian. She had heard before that Li Xian was the person sent by Sun Rong. The great hero who helped the Jiugong family tide over the difficulties.

Therefore, she respected Li Xian very much. She didn't expect that Li Xian's behavior today would surprise her.

Li Xian's face turned red. Although he had ten thousand reasons in his mind to explain that things were not what Jiugong Liangzi thought, but now he knew that his image in Jiugong Liangzi's mind was probably ruined.

"No need to explain. Senior Li Xian, I understand everything." Jiugong Liangzi said.

"..." Li Xian.

In fact, Jiugong Liangzi's current situation is actually not very good.

Because Junko Zhongchun was placed underneath her, she felt that the upper body area seemed to be particularly crowded.

"Junko. Don't raise your upper body." Jiugong Liangzi said secretly.

Junko Zhongchun replied with an innocent look: "Miss. I really didn't raise my upper body on purpose..."

In an instant, Jiugong Liangzi suddenly understood.

She seemed to know something. She gritted her teeth and said, "Are you giving me a hint? Or showing off?"

"No...no miss..." Junko Zhongchun was helpless.

She clearly didn't raise her upper body intentionally. It wasn't her fault.

But this posture now really makes Jiugong Liangzi feel uncomfortable.

Junko Zhongchun is also very guilty about this.

After thinking carefully, she quietly sent a message and replied: "Miss, why don't we change positions? Anyway, you are flatter. It will be more comfortable down there."

Jiugong Liangzi clenched his fist instantly and pinched Junko Zhongchun's buttocks hard: "If you dare to scream, you will be dead!"

"Miss...I..." Junko Zhongchun suppressed his blush. At the same time, he felt aggrieved. He also felt that Jiugong Liangzi was pinching him quite comfortably.

It looks like a lot of force was used.

But she is in the Nascent Soul stage. In fact, it doesn't hurt at all. Instead, it feels very comfortable. It feels like acupuncture.

Jiugong Liangzi pinched him for a while. He noticed that Junko Zhongchun looked like he was enjoying himself. He suddenly felt bad all over.

She pinched Junko Zhongchun's face hard and said fiercely: "I will teach you a lesson when I get back!"

...

At this time, there was complete silence in Jiang Yingying's room. A new door opened again.

It was an unfamiliar breath. Judging from the results of spiritual perception.

This person has never been seen by the four people under the bed.

Jiugong Liangzi shared vision through the spirit ghost arranged in the corner of the room and saw the appearance of the visitor.

This man has his face covered. Judging from his body shape, he is a man with a strong figure.

There is a slight sleazyness in his temperament. You can tell at a glance that he is not a good person.

really.

Just after Jiugong Liangzi made this judgment, the wretched masked man took off his mask.

He has an ordinary appearance. He is the kind of popular face that will be lost in the crowd at a glance.

The only distinctive feature is a hairy black mole on his chin.

He seems to be talking to someone. And he was talking very loudly. There was no concern that Jiang Yingying would be woken up. Suddenly he looked as if he was awakening: "I didn't realize that high school girls are so easy to fool these days. Boss, don't worry. I'll bring her back to you."

After saying this, Jiugong Liangzi raised his forehead on the spot.

Fortunately Sun Rong called her and asked her to come over and take a look.

This girl is too careless.

Without the slightest defense. She fell asleep and was devoured without even realizing it!

Three steps to the bed. The man with the mole lifts the covers. He found Jiang Yingying sleeping soundly. He was stunned by the sweetness of her sleeping face.

After a few seconds of silence. The man with the mole swallowed his saliva: "Boss... This Sun girl is too beautiful. It's a shame to break her up."

When the person on the other side of the phone heard this, he couldn't help laughing on the spot: "This is the last vote. This vote is done. We can never have to do it for the rest of our lives. So-called. Anyway, this girl is gullible just to compete with others." My folk remedy that can improve combat power in a short period of time ended up screwing me up. Anyway, it's still early. You can use her."

"Okay! Okay! Thank you, boss!"

"Is half an hour enough for you? I want you to bring her over within the agreed time."

"That's enough, that's enough!" The rogue man nodded repeatedly, wiping his own saliva as he spoke.

When the four people under the bed heard this, they understood instantly.

Sorry, this is another group of people who mistook Jiang Yingying for Sun Rong...

The corners of Jiugong Liangzi's mouth twitched.

In fact, she didn't think there was much similarity between Jiang Yingying and Sun Rong...

Especially after getting to know the two people thoroughly and knowing their personalities well, Jiugong Liangzi will not have the illusion that the two people look alike.

In addition to the silver-skinned man last time, this is already the second wave of people admitting their mistakes...

This man, and the man among the aliens. Could it be that all of them are blind...

...

At this moment, the ruthless man once again let out a burst of evil laughter: "Miss Sun, I have offended you. I have been a virgin for hundreds of years. I will dedicate it to you today!"

He was just about to throw himself on the bed.

At the critical moment, Li Xian's Zhang Zhui had already teleported behind him. One of them grabbed his shoulders.

Then, a crisp sound like firecrackers came from the man's left and right arms.

Li Xian and Zhang Zhui both held back. They didn't rip off each arm. Otherwise the spilled blood would have stained Jiang Yingying's house.

They just used their strength to crush the bones in the man's arms.

The movement was so fast that Jiugong Liangzi was stunned.

And when Jiugong Liangzi came out from under the bed, he felt goosebumps all over his body when he faced the rogue man in front of him: ""Perverted... so perverted! Junko. Come on!"

As Jiugong Liangzi's female bodyguard for so many years, Junko Zhongchun started from a female perspective. This attack seemed to be much more ruthless than Li Xian and Zhang Zhui.

She opened her arms like a hawk and instantly grasped the vital part of this rogue man. A painful scream resounded throughout the room.

This move, "Egg Yolk and Egg White Separate Hands", is her secret weapon against wolves.

"..." Li Xian and Zhang Zhui felt pain just looking at them.

Perhaps the scoundrel man's miserable scream was too shrill, which finally alerted Jiang Yingying in the deep water.

Her brows twitched slightly. Then she slowly opened her eyes.

Right in front of her window.

Counting the man Li Xian was carrying, who was frothing at the mouth and passed out, there were five people in total. They formed a circle around her bed and looked directly at her with what they thought were kind eyes...

...

the next day.

Jiang Yingying was sent to the hospital for psychological treatment.

Lying on the bed next to her is Yi Zhiyang, who was not completely cured last time...





Chapter 1624 Mistaken Identity


Wang LingWhen I heard that Jiang Yingying was sent to the hospital, his face was blue and his hair was messy.

She was still wearing pajamas and was twitching constantly as if she was possessed by an evil spirit.

As the initiators of this incident, Jiugong Liangzi, Li Xian, and Zhang Zhui also feel guilty for what is happening now.

Who knew this little girl would have the courage to move out and live alone. But she is so timid.

That night, after Jiang Yingying was sent to the hospital.

Wang Ling also received a text message from Sun Rong soon.

There are not many characters in the text message. You can understand it at a glance.

This is Sun Rong blaming himself.

Because Jiugong Liangzi was sent by her. She didn't expect things to turn out like this.

Wang Ling looked at this text message. He typed a few words, then deleted the words again. In the end, nothing was sent.

He doesn't know why Sun Rong has changed a lot in recent times. He is cautious about everything he does. And no matter what he does, he seems to think from his perspective.

In Wang Ling's opinion, this is just a trivial matter.

The main thing to blame is the Thousand-Faced Man who is planning everything behind the scenes. It has nothing to do with Sun Rong.

Jiang Yingying only has some similarities with Sun Rong. But in fact, as long as he knows two people at the same time, Wang Ling feels that the difference between the two is really big.

Impatience and quietness, stubbornness and flexibility, childishness and maturity...

Wang LingA series of words instantly came to mind to describe the intuitive feelings the two people brought to him.

...

On the other side, an open area located in the northern suburbs of Songhai City. Accompanied by the roaring mechanical sound, a glass elevator leading directly to the underground laboratory suddenly emerged from the platforms spread out on both sides.

Several men in black suits and sunglasses entered the elevator together with an old woman with fluffy hair. She had gray hair. She had heavy crow's feet at the corners of her eyes but her complexion was very good. She looked like a rather elegant grandma.

After entering the glass elevator, the old woman squinted her eyes and asked, "Shou Chong, are you still resisting?"

"Now he wants to open the infinite door. But we unexpectedly got there first. Now he is still some distance away from the last step. And we are still a little bit close to success. He never thought that we could enter through the back door of the secret realm."

"If he had such a brain, Master Tianji wouldn't have expelled him from the school back then." The old woman said with a smile.

After the glass elevator dropped vertically to a certain coordinate position, it was transferred to the encrypted channel.

In order to ensure the confidentiality of this underground laboratory in the northern suburbs, there is a huge maze encrypted area above the laboratory. The maze will change every day. Only by entering the correct password will the glass elevator enter the maze exit and reach the underground smoothly.

This underground maze is also a proud work of the old woman's personal design.

Her name. Liu Renfeng.

Road number: Mrs. Fengchu.

But this road number. Liu Renfeng has not been mentioned by anyone for a long, long time.

After the sudden change in the Tianjimen cabinet, she has occupied the core technology of Tianjimen to this day. She has re-operated Tianji into an underground scientific force. She specializes in developing black technology magic weapons for plutocrats and wealthy people around the world.

From the perspective of Liu Renfeng, Shou Chong wants to challenge Tianji on his own. After all, it is just a fly shaking a tree.

Exit of the underground laboratory. Liu Renfeng paced, hands behind his back, and stepped out of the elevator.

Before taking two steps, the personnel from the Intelligence Department hurried over: "Madam, the previous plan failed. We did not catch Miss Sun Rong."

"Who asked you to catch her?" Liu Renfeng's mouth twitched.

"This... But the picture that Madam gave us. It's clearly this Sun..."

The man took out the photo and looked at it carefully. Finally he found some discrepancies. The photo was covered with fine beads of sweat: "Sorry, madam. We made a mistake..."

"What I want is this girl named Jiang Yingying. No matter what, you have to get her here. I just want her alive. For other things, you can do whatever you like."Liu Renfeng said: "So, has this matter been dealt with?"

"Now the Sun Rong girl is frightened and is receiving treatment. The captured brother has committed suicide by taking poison. There is no risk of exposure." said the person from the Intelligence Department.

"Heh. Tell your section chief that if he does it next time, I won't let him go."

"yes..."

Critical moment. Liu Renfeng doesn't want this to happen again.

But fortunately, this matter was handled in a timely and appropriate manner. As long as Jiang Yingying is brought to her side, everything will be stable.

Compared with Shou Chong's method of summoning hundreds of extremely powerful cultivators to break through the main entrance of the secret realm and forcefully open the main entrance.

She only needs one Jiang Yingying to do it.

Although this big plan sounds very scary to Jiang Yingying.

But Liu Renfeng feels that maybe this is fate.

As the kid who was chosen that year.

Jiang Yingying has such a mission to become the sacrificed chess piece.

...

At the same time, Sun Rong was driving to the hospital where Jiang Yingying was staying. She was full of anxiety and uneasiness. Although she had just sent a message to Wang Ling.

But there was no response from Wang Ling.

"Miss. Don't worry too much. Jiang is fine. The situation is much less serious than that of General Yi's son. Yi Zhiyang's situation is more serious. She's just a little shaken up. As long as she takes the pills we sent , I believe she will recover in a few days." In the car. Jiang Xiaoche said comfortingly.

He tightened his grip on the steering wheel. In fact, he felt a little nervous inside.

He knew this little girl... would cause trouble again...

How long did it take for the incident in this ancient street to subside? And it was so easy to believe what those evil people said. I really thought that I could improve my strength in a short period of time with folk remedies.

Jiang Xiaoche gritted his teeth and sped up and rushed towards the hospital.

But at this moment, a figure suddenly appeared on the empty road ahead, like a ghost.

Bang!

Jiang Xiaoche thought he was dazzled. When he realized what he was doing, the car had already hit this person.

The airbag deployed instantly.

When Jiang Xiaoche removed his face buried in the airbag, he saw a man covered in black mucus and stopped his car with a hand with only three fingers.

This is the "biochemical coat" developed by Liu Renfeng. It can be worn on the body in the form of smear. It can greatly improve the combat power of the cultivator based on the cultivator's realm.

"Miss... the situation is not good! Are you injured?" Jiang Xiaoche was shocked. He turned around to look at Sun Rong. He saw Sun Rong sitting in the back seat uninjured. Just now He breathed a sigh of relief.

"I'm fine. What's going on outside?"

"There is a man. He is covered in black mucus..."

"Did you come for me." Sun Rong sighed. With a look of preparedness.

But in the next second.

The slime man spoke.

He stood in front of the car. He sneered and said, "Jiang Yingying, I want to trouble you. Come with us."





Chapter 1625 I'm really not Jiang Yingying


Sun Rong never thought that someone would kidnap her in broad daylight. However, when the slime man announced her name, Sun Rong was stunned for a moment, then showed an extremely incredulous look in his eyes.

Jiang Yingying...

Why did she become Jiang Yingying again!

Sun Rong held his head and stared at the slime man in front of him: "I'm sorry. If you are looking for classmate Jiang, I'm afraid you have mistaken the person. I am really not classmate Jiang Yingying."

"You don't admit it?" The slime man frowned slightly. He glanced at a tree nearby. He only raised his arm. In an instant, his arm was stretched infinitely in his sight. It was like a pitch-black whip heading towards Remove the tree trunk.

The force of one blow shattered the old sycamore tree into powder on the spot...

However, this did not scare Sun Rong. She was still sitting in the car with her arms folded: "It seems. I said I am not Jiang Yingying. Don't you believe it?"

"Of course I won't believe it." The slime man sneered: "Don't think I don't know. Today, the Martial Saint Jiang went to see the Sun Rong girl. The Intelligence Department said that they had a secret conversation in the student union office for a long time. So. They must be discussing some kind of subcontracting plan to exchange the civet cat for the prince."

Sun Rong: "..."

Slime Man: "After reasoning and analysis by the chief of the intelligence department, he determined that the Sun Rong girl had no choice but to agree to Martial Saint Jiang's request to change identities in order to protect the safety of classmate Jiang Yingying. The two of you were originally They look very similar. As long as they make a few changes in their hairstyle, it's enough to hide them."

"..."

Hearing this. Sun Rong sighed slightly in his heart.

She was unable to complain about the head of the Intelligence Section who had a confusing logic. She was just curious about the organization operating behind the scenes.

In short, judging from the current situation, Jiang Yingying is indeed being targeted... The other party's target from the beginning was not him, but Jiang Yingying.

And the other party now believes that they have exchanged identities.

In a sense, Jiang Yingying, who is lying in the hospital now, is absolutely safe.

Sun Rong doesn't know what this group of people is going to do. But this seems to be a good opportunity to find out the context of the matter.

"Okay. I can go with you. But you have to let the driver go. He is innocent."

"That's easy to say. We just need you to come with us. It doesn't matter if you let the other people go." The slime man spread his hands and smiled: "You are quite sensible. But why didn't you admit it earlier? You obviously That's classmate Jiang Yingying."

"I didn't admit it at all, okay. I obviously wasn't..."Sun Rong.

She was quite speechless about the intelligence gathering abilities of these people. She also deeply suspected that the chief of the intelligence section might have suffered from the sequelae of reading too many novels.

This is so mind-blowing!

She dares to think...

Marshal Jiang had definitely come to the student union office to look for her.

But the plot here is completely different!

Without any testimony, I actually just made up a plot and inserted it into it, but it's okay...

"Stop pretending. Classmate Jiang Yingying. You are."

"I'm not!"

"You have already decided to leave with me. Is there any point in still worrying about this?"

Sun Rong sighed: "Okay. I am..."

"Look! You said you're not Jiang Yingying!" The slime man snorted and smiled, looking like he was in control.

"..."

"Miss!" When he saw Sun Rong, he was about to leave with the slime man. Jiang Xiaoche hurriedly got out of the car. He opened his hand. A spiritual light appeared from his hand. He tried to summon a spiritual sword to fight back.

"Hmph. Be honest!"

However, the slime man was extremely fast. He swung out a kick and hit Jiang Xiaoche's ribs!

Before the summoning of the spirit sword was completed, Jiang Xiaoche felt a huge force in his chest. He flew backwards on the spot, broke the guardrail on the roadside, and passed out on the spot.

"Don't worry. He won't die. I left some strength with my kick. But the road is very remote. Whether anyone will come to save him depends on his luck." After the slime man finished speaking, he immediately took out a pill. The capsule hit the ground hard.

Along with a burst of smoke, a modified black van appeared in front of Sun Rong.

This is a disposable space capsule used to store large equipment. Just smash it on the ground to release the items stored in the capsule.

"Get in the car, classmate Jiang Yingying." The slime man sneered. He escorted Sun Rong into the back of the van.

Sun Rong was shocked to find that this was an unmanned vehicle. Everything had been set. As soon as she got in, the van started driving automatically according to the set route.

Moreover, there is a psychic barrier in the rear compartment, which is used to block spiritual consciousness. Normal cultivators cannot perceive the outside world through it.

Of course. It is impossible to block the current Sun Rong with this barrier alone.

But if it were really Jiang Yingying.

I'm afraid Jiang Yingying doesn't even know where he will be taken in the end.

"What is your purpose?" Sun Rong's hands were tied behind his back. He was sitting in the position with a very calm expression on his face.

"The granddaughter of Martial Saint. She's a bit of a hero." Slime Man couldn't help but praise her. And then, he showed his hand, "But... what is it that I want from you? I don' t know what I'm looking for. I don't know. Our Intelligence Division. We're only responsible for collecting information and capturing people."

"Since you know that I am the granddaughter of Martial Saint Jiang, aren't you afraid of offending Martial Saint?" Sun Rong asked again.

Now that she had decided to pretend to be Jiang Yingying for the time being, she thought she might be able to use this identity to get some useful information.

However, after hearing this, the slime man stared at her and looked her up and down.

As if she had heard some great joke. Showing a funny expression: "Don't worry. Martial Saint will not find us. He'll still be able to get along with that student Jiang Yingying. He'll still be a model grandfather ."

"What do you mean?" Sun Rong was confused.

She was confused by what she said. But no matter how she asked, the slime man remained silent and didn't say another word during the rest of the journey.

In the car, the girl amplified her spiritual consciousness and crossed the barrier.

She noticed that the van had been circling on the highway.

This group of people has a strong sense of counter-reconnaissance. They leave their traces everywhere. They also specially set up one-time teleportation arrays at hidden intersections. This allows the van to frequently shuttle back and forth on every road in the city. It is very confusing. It is impossible to tell where its final movement will be.

After driving for about two hours, Sun Rong discovered that the van was transported by a teleportation array to an open area in the northern suburbs.

At the same time, the slime man who had been silent for a long time finally spoke again: "Boss, I have brought classmate Jiang Yingying. Do you want to go see Madam immediately?"

On the other side of the phone came the electronically processed voice of the head of the intelligence department: "My wife is mysophobic. I have already told you that you must wash her before sending her back."

"so it is."

At this time, the slime man raised his lips and said, "Then, can I help her wash it myself?"





Chapter 1626 Destroy it. Hurry up


When the slime man said this, he didn't realize that a crisis was about to come.

This is really too perverted...

Sun Rong thought of being touched by a man other than Wang Ling. A feeling of nausea arose in his heart. Especially since this slime man was extremely insignificant.

She originally wanted to infiltrate a little deeper and take down the entire organization at once.

But now, the ideological roots of this organization are very problematic.

In broad daylight, the world is bright. He actually wants to attack an underage girl... Is this still a human being?

Although Sun Rong is very dissatisfied with some of Jiang Yingying's actions, and there are actually conflicts between the two. But even for Martial Saint Jiang's sake, as long as she still calls Martial Saint uncle, at least it will be safe. She can still take care of all aspects of the problem.

Sun Rong endured all the way. The slime man took him into a shower room.

When the door is closed.

Only Sun Rong and the slime man were left in the shower room of the base.

The slime man took off the palm part of his biochemical coat. He rubbed his hands with a sly expression: "Miss Jiang. I'm sorry, I couldn't bear it anymore!"

"I'm sorry. I can't bear it anymore..."

Sun Rong said with his head slightly lowered.

The slime man couldn't see his face clearly. Hearing this, he was overjoyed: "Hahaha! I didn't expect that we actually like each other! Since we can't help it anymore, let's start quickly!"

"Fuck...fuck you!"

As soon as he finished speaking. Sun Rong could no longer bear the sight of this wretched slime man.

A blue sword energy came out of the market. The powerful sword pressure fell suddenly. It was as powerful as a looming threat.

The slime man fell to his knees on the spot. At the same time, the skin on his face was trembling wildly. He showed an expression of disbelief: "You..."

As a quality beautiful girl who has received compulsory education all year round, Sun Rong almost never speaks dirty words. But just now she lost her temper because of a slime man.

This made the anger already in her heart even worse.

"That's it."

Sun Rong pointed his sword energy and knocked the slime man in front of him unconscious.

Her chest was heaving with anger. She felt just dizzy, as if she still wasn't relieved of her anger.

"Should we castrate him?" At this time, Sun Ying'er suddenly popped up and said.

"Isn't this... too bloody?" Sun Rong held his face in his hands. There was still some hesitation in his heart.

"It's okay. There won't be any trauma. I've actually been studying this recently." Sun Ying'er chuckled and said, "You know, as long as that big ass presses me down for a day, I will never be able to get ahead. So. ah..."

"So you want to castrate the Master of Shadows?" Sun Rong gasped. She felt that Sun Ying'er was planning to die.

Although compared to Wang Ling, Wang Ying's way of expressing emotions is indeed more radical. However, such a proactive feeling makes Sun Rong extremely envious.

If that wood could finally enlighten her at some point, she might be so happy that she died.

Of course.

She felt that Sun Ying'er was so blessed that he didn't know how to be blessed.

But this is useless.

This guy has been trying to commit suicide all day long... In the end, the only thing that is pitiful is his waist. And those planet spirits who are shivering every day for fear that they will be banged against the wall.

"So. How to do this?" At this time, Sun Rong asked.

"Just cut it off."

"..."

"Oh. I'm not talking about cutting on his body. I'm just talking about removing the part of his shadow." Sun Ying'er replied.

"Is this okay?" Sun Rong was surprised.

"Of course. There will be no trauma. And the key is that no fault can be found. It's just that it can't be revived."

"..."

This process is faster than Sun Rong imagined.

Sun Ying'er's technique seemed to be more skillful than she imagined.

It was just a small thing of an inch or two.

Sun Ying'er directly pointed the knife at the shadow and quickly divided it: "Done!"

At this time, Sun Rong's mood was actually extremely complicated.

But this wretched man got the punishment he deserved. Her depressed mood instantly relaxed a lot.

"So what should we do now?" Sun Ying'er then asked.

"First take off his biochemical coat. Let's pretend to be him and sneak in directly." Sun Rong said.

"But you have to bring someone with you... Aren't they looking for Jiang Yingying? You pretend to be him. What about Jiang Yingying?" Sun Ying'er asked.

"This is easy." Sun Rong suddenly laughed and stared at Sun Ying'er.

"Damn it! You don't want me to dress up as Jiang Yingying, do you?"

"You look exactly like me. Anyway, they are face-blind. As long as they change their hairstyle, they probably won't be able to tell the difference. And these secular cultivators can't do anything to you."

Sun Ying'er: "Rongrong. Are you sure you want me to pretend..."

Sun Rong: "There is no one more suitable than you. Ying'er."

Sun Ying'er: "Then let me tell you first. If this commotion becomes too big and cannot be ended, I don't care. I'm afraid this base will be razed to the ground by then."

Sun Rong looked tired: "Then destroy it. Hurry."

Sun Ying'er: "..."

...

The outer conference room of the base. Liu Renfeng was sitting on a leather sofa, with a strategizing posture.

At this time, a tall, thin man wearing a black suit pushed in the door. He had a special medal hanging on his body to show his status as a manager.

His name is Hang Chuan. He is the chief of the intelligence section of Liu Renfeng's team.

"Madam. Jiang Yingying has been brought here successfully." Hang Chuan said.

"It seems a little slower than expected."

"Madam, please calm down. First, that little girl is a little clever. She actually found the eldest lady of the Huaguo Shuilian Group to exchange identities. She tried to trade with the civet cat for the prince by virtue of her similar appearance."

Having said that, Hang Chuan smiled and said, "Fortunately, I have seen through this plan. I caught Miss Jiang. It was a close call. The second thing is that I know that my wife has mysophobia, so I came here." Before, I asked Zhang San to take her to take a bath. Maybe it was Zhang San who was complaining."

"You guys really know how to enjoy it." Liu Renfeng heard this. The expression on his face was unchanged.

She would turn a blind eye to some of her subordinates' quirks, as long as they were not too outrageous.

Working in the dark underground all year round. There must always be some outlet for venting.

After Jiang Yingying was sacrificed, he died anyway.

There seems to be nothing wrong with feeling the happiness of an adult before you die.

"That's all." Liu Renfeng waved his hand. His expression was gentle: "You still know how to bring her to take a bath to see me. You are sensible."

"Mrs. I appreciate it."

"So. Has anyone arrived?"

"Already at the door."

"Bring her in." Liu Renfeng said. She didn't even raise her eyes.

A moment later. When the door opened.

Sun Rong escorted Sun Ying'er, disguised as Jiang Yingying, into the room.

Sun Ying'er didn't dare to speak at all. He was afraid that he would reveal something.

It wasn't until this moment that Liu Renfeng got up from his seat. He walked over and stared at her. He started looking up and down.

The atmosphere instantly became tense.

I watched it for about two or three minutes.

Liu Renfeng just spoke slowly: "Jiang Yingying...it's really you..."

Hearing this, Sun Rong and Sun Ying'er breathed a sigh of relief.

It makes sense...

This face blindness is too much!

"Well done, Zhang San." Then, Liu Renfeng looked up at Sun Rong.

"What are you doing standing there in a daze? Why don't you thank Madam quickly?" the intelligence section chief Hang Chuan said quickly.

"eh..."Sun Rong bowed.

"Well, why are you so reserved today?" Hang Chuan laughed and said, "Madam, please don't be surprised. This must be the first time he sees you. He was shocked by your majesty."

"He is a capable young man. He can be promoted later."

"Thank you, madam." Hang Chuan said with a social clasped fist.

At this time, he looked at Sun Rong and frowned slightly: "Speaking of which, Zhang San, have you been training your chest muscles recently? Judging from this biochemical coat, your chest muscles seem to be quite big."

"..."

He didn't know why. When I heard this.

Sun Rong actually felt a little happy.





Chapter 1627 Thunder is coming!


The sirens of the ambulance kept coming. When Jiang Xiaoche woke up, he was already on his way to the hospital.

His injuries were quite serious.

When the slime man's flying legs hit him, he could clearly hear the sound of his ribs breaking.

This damn thing...even his mother has never hit him since he was a child!

Damn it! I wish you no descendants!

When Jiang Xiaoche gradually regained consciousness, this was the first thing that came to his mind.

Then he opened his eyes suddenly. As if he was awakened: "Miss Sun Rong...Miss was taken away by them!"

"Mr. Jiang, please don't get excited. The police are already dealing with it," a female nurse said.

"This road is so remote. How did you find me?" Jiang Xiaoche asked curiously.

"Someone called the police."

"who?"

"I don't know. But it sounds like a boy's voice."

"Young man?" Jiang Xiaoche was thoughtful.

...

On the other side. In the study room of the Wang family's small villa. Wang Ling is completing today's homework.

When Sun Rong was hijacked, he had actually sensed it.

Although with Sun Rong's current strength and the fact that Sun Ying'er is with him, he doesn't need to worry about the girl's safety.

But in the end he called the police.

Now Sun Rong has lurked in.

His call to the police can be said to have affected the whole body.

Once the power of the government gets involved in this matter, it will form a trap for Liu Renfeng's underground scientific research team.

This is the first reason why Wang Ling calls the police.

And the second reason is that he is going to help the mahjong trio in Songhai City Number 1 Prison find new inmates.

One of these four has been missing for a long time.

Wang Ling thinks it's time to arrange for the new couple to move in with their bags.

As for Jiang Xiaoche.

This is just a casual rescue by Wang Ling.

He doesn't like this person.

But after all, Jiang Xiaoche now serves Sun Rong. The driver's life is also his life.

Now. As for other things, Wang Ling actually doesn't need to be taken care of at all.

He thinks Sun Rong will be fine.

It's just a Liu Renfeng. It's not yet time for him to take action.

So he settled his thoughts and planned to complete the set of exercises in front of him seriously. The monthly exam was coming soon, and it was time to calculate and score points once a month.

However, Wang Ling found that he had written only a few words, and his thoughts began to wander.

It's not that I feel irritable, depressed or uneasy. It's just that this feeling comes from a bit inexplicable.

Because of Talisman, he became an emotionless piece of wood in everyone's eyes.

Even now. Wang Ling still doesn't feel any emotions.

It's just that the brain will go blank for some reason.

It was as if something was suppressing him.

The pen in his hand stopped. Wang Ling felt that his homework status today was inexplicably sluggish.

On the bed, Wang Ying rested her head with one hand and fell asleep. She quietly opened her left eye a crack and looked at Wang Ling: "I'm really worried. Just go and see for yourself."

Hearing this, Wang Ling was muttering in his heart. He couldn't help but think to himself, why don't you go?

Wang Ling said this without saying anything. The main reason was that Wang Ying's brain circuit was connected to him. He could hear it anyway.

I saw the man on the bed leisurely crossing his legs. He said with a leisurely expression: "Have you ever seen a wife castrate her husband? She actually wanted to castrate me... Who gave her the courage? I'm here now Figure out how to torment her at night. I'm too lazy to do it until I think about it."

Wang Ling: "..."

Sure enough, Wang Ying knew everything.

This is not surprising.

Although Sun Ying'er's Shadow ability can still be used normally.

But after all, Wang Ying is the first to win the first prize.

Especially these days at home. Ever since Er Ha started helping Wang Nuan change diapers, Wang Ying has also started to learn how to coax Ah Nuan girl.

This time it was familiar. Ah Nuan girl naturally had a good impression of Wang Ying.

Then Shadow's authority. Naturally, Wang Ying's authority is one level higher than that of Sun Ying'er.

It is said that the first level of officialdom crushes people to death. This is probably what it means...

Wang Ling Actually, I didn't see that Wang Ying was the type of person who could bear to take care of children.

He calls this early adaptation.

He said that if he and Sun Ying'er had a relationship in the future, he wouldn't have to worry about learning anymore. He would be able to get started directly.

After saying this, Wang Ling was dumbfounded on the spot.

I have to say. Wang Ying is indeed prepared for a rainy day...

The girl hasn't agreed yet. Even my wife started to scream.

At this time. Wang Ling sighed inwardly.

He is obviously such a low-key person. How could he appear so shameless?

...

Sun Rong was captured because Wang Ling helped report it to the police.

This matter soon alerted the Huaxiu Alliance.

This was obviously not an ordinary kidnapping case. The local Cultivation Police Department was afraid that it would be difficult to deal with it. So when Boss Sun heard about it, he made an urgent phone call to the Office of Strategic Deception.

In fact, the Office of Strategic Deception had already taken action before Boss Sun called.

However, this process is actually against the rules. Therefore, Huaxiu Alliance still needs to report what should be reported.

"Zhenren! I only have this granddaughter... I can't let anything happen to her." On the phone. Lord Diulei heard Sun Yiyuan's sobs for the first time.

He sighed inwardly.

It's a pity that the old man currently knows nothing about the strength of his precious granddaughter.

Otherwise, there wouldn't be such a rush.

Once the strength of Sun Rong is exposed, it will directly affect Wang Ling.

That's why it's a top secret at the heart of the Office of Strategic Deception. Not even Boss Sun can be trusted to keep him in the loop at the moment.

Because even if you say it, you may not believe it.

Who would have thought that a girl who was only in the Foundation Building stage could reach the level of fighting against Dao God in just a few days...

In order to appease the old man, Lord Diulei could only say over the phone: "Don't worry, Mr. Sun. Sun Rong's business is my business. I, of the Office of Strategic Deception, will definitely gather all the strength of the clan to rescue Miss Sun Rong. Meanwhile, in order to prevent accidents. We have a full medical team here. I promise you, Mr. Sun. We will bring Miss Sun Rong back safely without a single hair on her head broken."

"Thank you all..." Boss Sun's voice trembled. Then he pressed the phone.

"It's really urgent." Lord Diulei said.

"Sect Master, what should we do now?" Zhuo Yi asked at this time.

"Even if Sun Rong girl has fighting power, if we don't move, I'm afraid it will still arouse suspicion. So, we have no choice but to take action." Lord Diulei said: "And the bigger the momentum, the better."

"Gather the power of the whole sect?"

"No."

Lord Diulei shook his head.

Today's Office of Strategic Deception is not what it used to be. There are allies in the world of cultivation all over the world.

This is Lord Diulei's preliminary layout of the blueprint for the Great Alliance of External Cultivators.

When the Allied Intelligence Network and various resources of the Office of Strategic Deception around the world are connected in series.

No matter how deeply this Liu Renfeng team hides, it will be exposed to the broad daylight in an instant...

"It's not about gathering the strength of the whole sect."

At this moment, Lord Diulei said seriously: "It is about gathering the power of the world."

"Global power..."Zhuo Yi looked horrified.

"Yes. Global power." Lord Diulei said, "I think that's why your elder brother called the police. To get the authorities involved and make the situation bigger. It's all about the momentum we create. It can completely scare off those lawbreakers who are plotting against Miss Sun behind her back. It'll serve as a warning to the others."

"So this is what Master means!" Zhuo Yi suddenly realized. They clasped their fists and said, "As expected of the True Lord. Zhuo Yi has learned the lesson!"

"It's easy to talk about."

In front of the Office of Strategic Deception True Venerated Immortal hall. Lord Diulei flicked his sleeves confidently: "Come! Issue the Sect Master's Order!"

...

In the distance. Facing Lord Diulei's big move. Wang Ling looked stunned.

He just called the police...





Chapter 1628: 1 side is in trouble and 8 sides provide support


"The sect leader orders! All sect! Disciples of Golden Core and above gather quickly at the North Square!"

"The sect master! The whole sect! The disciples below the Golden Core immediately prepare for wartime deployment! Please command the elders to get in place!"

Dang! Dang! Dang!...

When the mighty assembly bell of the Office of Strategic Deception rang from inside the sect, tens of thousands of disciples of the Office of Strategic Deception quickly returned to their respective positions according to the instructions issued by the command center and according to the original drill.

Only this time, it's not a drill.

It's a serious battle!

Today, the Office of Strategic Deception, recognized as the number one sect in the world, is actually going to take the initiative to start a war!

This incident made all the disciples of the sect feel briefly dazed.

After the Zhanmen disciples came to their senses, they were replaced by a strong sense of excitement.

Although the Office of Strategic Deception has not been established for a long time, the disciples who join the Office of Strategic Deception all know that their sect has a strong foundation.

This is sure to be a rich fight!

A fight for wealth that may not come in eight lifetimes!

It must be known that in peaceful times, cultivation sects that are under the jurisdiction of the state government must be approved for such large-scale preparations and gatherings to prepare for war!

The relationship between Office of Strategic Deception and Huaxiu Alliance is inseparable.

It is impossible for this large-scale operation to go without reporting.

If other sects start a war, there may be doubts in society.

But the Office of Strategic Deception is different.

This is a sect that has joined the Huaxiu Alliance. It also represents the Huaxiu Alliance side.

So here comes the question. Who is the person who wants to challenge the Office of Strategic Deception now?

In less than a quarter of an hour after the sect leader's order was issued, all the disciples of the sect were summoned. They all performed their duties and started working according to the original plan.

At the command center, Crispy Noodles, Dao Lord and Keorn are in charge.

All the disciples above Golden Core have been transferred out. Naturally, it is impossible for the sect to be leaderless. With these two people shaking the scene, Lord Diulei is naturally very relieved.

The underground command center of the Office of Strategic Deception was designed by Wang Ming himself. It is full of high-tech visuals.

There is a golden sphere floating in the center of the command center. This sphere is positioned with every coordinate of the earth. It is connected to the exclusive satellite of the Office of Strategic Deception. The error is extremely small.

And the most important thing is that you can use this command ball to win a battle thousands of miles away and see everything you want to see.

"Do you have any requirements from the sect master?" Keorn asked.

He joined the Office of Strategic Deception not long ago, but Lord Diulei liked him very much.

This is a practical and capable person. And the most important thing is that Keorn has a doctorate in warfare and cultivation weapons. Such knowledge is not something ordinary people can have.

And he never asks much about other things. He just completes the tasks assigned to him by Lord Diulei and Zhuo Yi.

This makes Keorn well received.

"It's best to capture them all alive," Crispy Noodles said.

"Catch them all alive?" Keorn frowned slightly.

"I know it's difficult." Crispy Noodles Dao Lord said.

"Control the enemy's casualty rate below 1%. Of course. All bases on the opposite side must be destroyed."

"Understood." Keorn nodded solemnly.

Right now, we can only do our best.

He knew that the people on the top of the mountain wanted to capture him alive. The main reason was that he wanted to know what kind of medicine was being sold in the gourd over there at Liu Renfeng.

But to be honest, even a casualty rate of less than 1% seems very difficult.

Because based on the news Keorn has learned so far.

The people responsible for the battle. They are not the only ones in the Office of Strategic Deception...

Such a large-scale action can be said to affect the whole body.

He doesn't know Liu Renfeng. It can almost be said that he has never heard of it.

This Mrs. Fengchu seems to be well-known in the Academy of Cultivation Science. But in Keorn's eyes, this Liu Renfeng is an unlucky person.

...

Less than ten minutes after this order from the Office of Strategic Deception was issued. Using modern network information dissemination, the matter was further amplified.

There are many sects that have received orders to assist in the war. Among them is the "Tianming Alliance" who tried to unite before but in fact they were defeated (see Chapter 819 for a review of the previous situation).

Before the Office of Strategic Deception was established, the 17 heaven-level sects in the alliance protected each other, blocking the promotion paths of the sects behind them.

On the day when the Office of Strategic Deception opened, Lu Youming, the president of the Tongmenghui, tried to launch an attack under tremendous pressure. But in the end, everything failed.

Especially after knowing that the backer behind the Office of Strategic Deception was Huaxiu Alliance, Lu Youming almost had the urge to stab himself to death.

Due to the existence of the Office of Strategic Deception, the balance of order among the clans in Huaxiu has been disrupted for a long time. The existence of the Alliance has long existed in name only. On the surface, it is still a family. In fact, all the clans are experiencing problems in their operations.

In the past few days, many sect leaders could not withstand the pressure. I originally wanted Lu Youming as a representative to go to the Office of Strategic Deception and take the initiative to discuss cooperation.

But after all, he had done such a shameful thing. Lu Youming himself was also troubled.

But what Lu Youming didn't expect was.

Today, the Alliance actually received a "war support message" from the Office of Strategic Deception.

Lu Youming was flattered by this and immediately summoned all the heaven-level sect leaders of the Alliance.

"Everyone...what do you think about this matter?" Lu Youming asked.

"With the power and foundation of the Office of Strategic Deception, why do we need to help in the fight? This is obviously to build momentum. I'm afraid it is done to show others." The leader of the Feiyue Sect analyzed.

"Since the rise of the Office of Strategic Deception, everyone's sect has been affected to a certain extent. To be honest, if it were in the past, I would definitely not go. But for the sake of livelihood, I think I can give it a try..."

Sun Hanzhe, the leader of Luowang Sect, said: "I heard from other people in the circle that Diulei Sect Leader has always been a righteous person. Now he has reached the top of True Venerated Immortal. He doesn't seem to be a small-minded person. I will definitely accept this olive branch. Yes. Even if you object, I will go."

"Brother Sun, why do you need to express your position in a hurry? We didn't say we couldn't go."

"What do you mean?"

"Go! Go now!"

Speaking of this, all the sect leaders spoke one after another. The crowd was excited.

When Lu Youming saw this, he already knew something in his mind: "So now it seems that all the sect leaders here have no objections. Now, let's start counting the number of Golden Core and above disciples in the 17 heaven-level sects of our alliance."

"Currently, we have 17 heaven-level sects. The number of disciples above Golden Core is 36,000."

"According to the support post from the Office of Strategic Deception, all sect leaders are requested to lead the sect's Golden Core and above disciples to gather in the northern suburbs at ten o'clock tonight!"

After Lu Youming finished speaking, the remaining sixteen sect leaders present stood up one after another. They clasped their fists and bowed in front of the audience, saying in unison.

"I'll wait...and obey the order!"

"Rush to the Office of Strategic Deception!"

...

The scale of this team battle was jaw-dropping.

Lu Youming originally thought that the Office of Strategic Deception+their 17 heaven-level sects were already at their limit...

However, after Lu Youming accepted the task of arranging the support post, he joined the group chat of the Office of Strategic Deception1225 temporary command team.

It wasn't until this moment that he realized to his surprise that things were far from simple as he imagined.

Because. In this temporary command group...

Most of his friends in the cultivation world have already joined!

These people are all sect leaders from all over the world, at home and abroad!

At this time, the number of people in the group is still soaring!

As of five minutes after Lu Youming joined the 1225 command group, this group had already gathered 270 sect leaders at prefectural level and above.





Chapter 1629 Fengchu Encirclement and Suppression Battle


Meanwhile. On the Island of the Sun.

Jiugong family.

Since the last Sun Island exchange program between Number 60 High School and Jiudaohe High School was successfully completed.

Today, the Jiugong family has annexed the "Zhai Xing Group", the largest gangster on Sun Island. And the Huaguo Shuilian Group is conducting in-depth strategic cooperation behind the scenes. It can be said that it is truly at its peak.

In the main hall of the Jiugong family. The news that Sun Rong was captured by Fengchu also reached here at the same time.

The owner Jiugong Akagi was furious: "What? The Sun Rong girl was captured? This is really unreasonable! What is the origin of that Mrs. Fengchu? She is simply eating the heart of a bear and the courage of a leopard."

"Father, calm down."

Jiugong Xiushi said: "According to the information currently collected by our Jiugong family and the Gray Cult branch of Sun Island, this Mrs. Fengchu is an underground scientist who has been targeted by the International Cultivator Alliance for a long time. She is engaged in inhumanity and violates human ethics. He is very famous in the underground science community for his scientific experiments."

Jiugong Akagi frowned slightly when he heard this. He felt like he had heard about this somewhere.

"Father, Huaxiu Alliance has now dispatched personnel from the Office of Strategic Deception. This matter... I think even if we don't take action..."

"But we...have to take action."

Jiugong Akagi said: "Now our Jiugong family has a close cooperative relationship with the Sun family. Although, this time our Jiugong family did not receive a support message from the Office of Strategic Deception. But how do you know that this is not a test?"

Jiugong Xiushi heard this and suddenly realized: "What does father mean? The Office of Strategic Deception deliberately did not post to us?"

"It's very possible." Jiugong Akagi nodded and said, "Given the relationship between the Office of Strategic Deception and the Sun family, we should also know that our Jiugong family has already established cooperation with the Huaguo Shuilian Group. So this time, it's more like It is a temptation to test our attitude."

Speaking of this, Jiugong Akagi couldn't help laughing.

In fact, even if he doesn't test it, he will take action...

You should know that he, the head of the Jiugong family, has joined Gray Cult.

Now the leader is in trouble.

He is a believer.

Is there any reason not to save him?

But if we send someone from Sun Island now, it might be too late.

It's too late to go there. I can't keep up with the warm show of loyalty.

"Yingxian Heming." Jiugong Akagi shouted the name of the Jiugong family's butler.

Upon hearing this, Yingxian Heming immediately stepped forward and said, "My subordinate is here."

"Notify us. Use all the contacts our Jiugong family can use in Huaxiu." Jiugong Akagi said.

In order to expand Jiugong's business in Huaxiu, Jiugong has actually been deployed in Huaxiu for many years.

Yingxian Heming, as the chief steward, naturally knows this.

It was just this scale. He was worried that it might not be strong enough.

"I know what you're thinking. Are you worried about the limited connections we can find?"

Jiugong Akagi sat cross-legged on the tatami and said: "When senior Li Xian came to our place as a guest, he said that he had been entrusted by Mr. Jin Deng to update the {Ghost Book} of my Jiugong family. Changed. The seal was re-strengthened. Another talisman was given outside the order. As long as you hold this talisman, you can freely control all the evil spirits included in the {Ghost Book}."

"Is there such a thing?"

Yingxian Heming and Jiugong Xiushi looked at each other. They had no idea about this matter.

At this time, Jiugong Akagi suddenly laughed: "Who said that the only people who can come to rescue are cultivators? Now we can freely control the ghosts included in the {Ghost Book}."

"The head of the family means..." Yingxian Heming was stunned.

"You let Liangzi go over and set an example for our Jiugong family." Jiugong Akagi said.

When the people from Number 60 High School left the island, I...

He had entrusted Li Xian to deliver this ghost talisman to Jiugong Liangzi.

Indeed.

Because of their transnational connections, the Jiugong family's living connections in Huaxiu are indeed limited.

Especially in a battle of this magnitude.

It may be just an inconspicuous drop in the ocean. But if you can call upon those who have died, it will be completely different...

That Mrs. Fengchu would never have thought of it.

This time the people came to surround and suppress him.

There are not only living cultivators gathered by various forces.

Also represented by the Jiugong family.

The 100,000 shadowy soldiers were sent...

...

To be honest, when Keorn joined the 1225 temporary command group, he was also shocked by the large number of people in the group.

In a short period of time, so many heaven-level people were gathered, and the heads of earth-level sects came to rush for help. This was something Keorn never expected. And he would actually command these people to fight next.

"It seems that a lot of people have gathered. Zhenjun's reputation in the circle is indeed very high." Crispy Noodles Dao Lord looked at the scene calmly and said with a smile: "How about it, Mr. Keorn, can you handle it?"

At this moment, Keorn was standing in front of the podium. His whole body was trembling. It was not that he felt fear, but that he felt excited... He had not felt this kind of passionate feeling for a long time.

War. is an art!

As the commander of this battle, Lord Diulei fully trusted him. And he naturally had to do his best.

After a while.

Keorn finally took a deep breath and let out a powerful voice. It was accurately conveyed to everyone's mind by the core sound output system inside the Office of Strategic Deception.

Everyone involved in the "Fengchu Encirclement and Suppression War" can hear Keorn's voice.

"Everyone! This is Keorn, the commander-in-chief of this Fengchu siege. It's an honor to fight alongside you all this time!"

"The target we want to encircle and suppress this time is the underground scientist who has been wanted for a long time. Mrs. Fengchu."

"Huaxiu Alliance has been targeting her for a long time. But this time, because the girl Sun Rong was kidnapped, they had no choice but to close the network in advance."

"In this siege, your mission is to rescue Miss Sun Rong! Capture all the personnel in the Fengchu laboratory alive, including Mrs. Fengchu! In addition, you need as much assistance as possible to collect information about this Mrs. Fengchu. Evidence of guilt!"

"This time. This siege! There is no feint attack! All the leaders participating in this operation are the main attackers!"

"Every master, please arrive at the agreed upon location and act in accordance with the instructions from our headquarters!"

"I wish you all good luck and immortality!"

...

At the same time, on the other side, Er Ha temporarily returned to the top of the Holy Pillar of the Demon Realm through the power of Lord Ma.

The Holy Envoy Shen Wuyue seems to have guessed that Er Ha was coming. He has been waiting here for a long time. He hooked his lips: "Now that you are a Divine Beast. Why do you need our help?"

"Ahem. Even for a Divine Beast. We still have to keep a low profile. And even if I've been elevated to the status of a Divine Beast. I still care about the construction of my home town." Er Ha said, "What. You won't help?"

"No. Lord Second Generation Demon Saint and I are naturally willing to help with this favor." Shen Wuyue shook his head. He said, "Now that the Demon Realm and the Human Realm have turned their differences into peace. In the future, we will work together to seek development and cooperation. This is indeed a great opportunity to show our attitude. Of course. The key is to look at Ling Zhenren's face."

"interesting."

Er Ha said: "So. How many people can the demon world send?"

"As much as you want. As much as you want."

At this time, Shen Wuyue held the magic ball and threw the demon holy magic ball into the air.

A gorgeous map of the demon world appeared before Er Ha's eyes.

He looked at Er Ha and said: "The demon world. Ninety-six outer realms, eight middle realms, four inner realms. A total of one hundred and eight demons in the realm. They are ready and waiting to be dispatched."

"You're so big for fun?" Er Ha was surprised.

"Don't you just like big ones?" Shen Wuyue laughed: "Oh, by the way. Let me tell you one more thing."

Er Ha: "?"

Shen Wuyue: "I have joined Gray Cult."

Er Ha: "???"





Chapter 1630 Crazy Fengchu


At this time, Sun Rong was focusing on collecting evidence against Mrs. Fengchu. Unexpectedly, a major earthquake had erupted outside Songhai City at this moment.

With the Office of Strategic Deception as the core of the command, all the cultivators who were summoned formed an alliance army and were on the way to outflank the Fengchu Laboratory in the northern suburbs.

It is naturally impossible to completely conceal such a large-scale operation. At best, some control of public opinion is required at the beginning. In the end, it will definitely explode on the Internet in an unstoppable situation.

As one of the core teams within Fengchu Laboratory, the task of the Intelligence Section is naturally to always pay attention to any disturbance on the Internet.

The chief of the intelligence department Hang Chuan also received the news from the headset immediately. He immediately reported to Liu Renfeng: "Madam, there seems to be a lot of strange news on the Internet today."

"Oh? Come and listen."

"Someone saw many cultivators from the sect walking through the downtown area in a neat square formation with swords."

"Interesting." Liu Renfeng held his chin and thought for a moment: "Have you found out what activities they are doing?"

"I heard that the Office of Strategic Deception is organizing the Alliance Army to conduct exercises."

"Exercise?"

"Yes. But these news are just hearsay at present. There is no substantive evidence. We are still trying to understand the situation. Before that, for the sake of safety, Madam, do you want to..."

"No need. It's just an exercise." Liu Renfeng's expression gradually became crazy: "I have been waiting for this day for too long. Now I don't want to delay it for a second."

"But Madam, there are still risks in this matter..."

"No need to say more." Liu Renfeng waved his hand: "If this alliance army from the Office of Strategic Deception really came to my base in the northern suburbs, they would never be so arrogant. Moreover, it was just for a little girl. To start a war like this would be too disrespectful to me Liu Renfeng."

After saying that. The crazy woman also looked at Sun Ying'er, who was pretending to be Jiang Yingying: "Girl. You should be more relaxed. Even if these people are really here to save you. It's useless. No one can save you now."

Liu Renfeng smiled. Immediately he walked to a very technological door: "Hang Chuan. You and Zhang San come together. Follow here."

"Madam... that is a restricted area... you never let us enter..." The head of the intelligence department was flattered. He quickly lowered his head, looking at a loss.

"It doesn't matter. Everything will be over soon. The Intelligence Department is my confidant. You work under me. You always have to know something."

She said meaningfully. Then she glanced at Sun Ying'er again: "Girl Jiang, after this incident is over, maybe you should thank me, because in this world, I can help you get rid of the pain." It's just me, Fengchu."

Hearing these words, Sun Rong and Sun Ying'er were confused and didn't understand the deeper meaning.

However, starting from entering this underground base, judging from the various information collected so far, Sun Rong can basically conclude that Jiang Yingying is not as simple as imagined.

Although she is the adopted daughter of Marshal Jiang, her origin seems to be unusual. She is not an ordinary orphan, but some kind of special existence...

Liu Renfeng led the way. Four people were passing through a long glass tunnel. The glass display cabinets on the side were filled with various specimens of spirit animal organs. Combined with the dim light, it looked a little eye-catching.

"You crazy bitch. What do you mean?" Sun Ying'er tried to borrow Jiang Yingying's tone of voice.

"Haven't you noticed that your health is getting worse?" Liu Renfeng did not answer Sun Ying'er's question directly. Instead, he asked rhetorically like this.

"It seems a bit..." Sun Ying'er replied.

Her health is indeed getting worse. But the main reason is because of Wang Ying.

The most commonly used side effect of Planet thumping technique is back pain.

There is nothing we can do about this.

"That's right." Liu Renfeng said: "Because your body is not compatible with the first generation of artificial spiritual roots.

"Artificial spiritual roots?"

Hearing these words, Sun Rong and Sun Ying'er were stunned at the same time.

It's not that Sun Rong doesn't understand the matter of artificial spiritual roots.

Under today's world system of universal cultivation, the strength of spiritual roots represents future talent.

A long time ago, some cultivators often went to extremes to give birth to children with excellent spiritual roots. That is, they consumed a large number of supplements during pregnancy, so that when their children were born, their spiritual roots would reach a high-quality level.

But the effects of supplements are actually very limited.

So, just a few decades ago, the topic of artificial spiritual roots became a hot topic at that time.

If a child whose spiritual roots are not excellent at birth can reach the level of an excellent cultivator through artificial spiritual roots, then this technology will become a ready-made money printing machine. Whether it is the current market or the future market, it will have Big picture!

At the beginning, scientific research teams from various countries conducted experiments on spiritual beasts by studying the spiritual roots in their bodies.

However, in order to seek breakthroughs as soon as possible, some scientists began to use the black market to purchase slaves to provide mice for their laboratories.

The progress brought about by experimenting with spiritual beasts thousands of times may not be as much as the progress achieved by experimenting once on a real cultivator.

When this incident was exposed, it caused an uproar around the world.

Sun Rong didn't realize that Mrs. Fengchu had been studying this very thing...

But now, the "artificial spiritual root" experiment has been proven to be against human ethics and has been strictly prohibited long ago.

The more she listened, the more she felt that there was something wrong with what Liu Renfeng said...

Wait a minute!

The spiritual roots in Jiang Yingying's body are actually artificial spiritual roots!?

In response to this, the expression on Sun Rong's face was one of astonishment.

"In order to create this artificial spiritual root, I used many kinds of materials obtained from different secret realms to synthesize the spiritual root. I used different material formulas. Then, I used these different materials to create spiritual roots. Implanted into the bodies of some selected babies. And you are one of those children."

The crazy woman was walking with her hands behind her back. She seemed to be talking to herself and said, "Later, I ordered people to disperse those children and seek out cultivator families for adoption. I wanted to see how long those children could live."

Having said this. Liu Renfeng stopped.

She turned around and looked at Sun Ying'er. She stretched out her sin-stained hand, pinched her chin and said, "The batch back then had a total of 462 children. And you... The only one who survived."

Not only did Mrs. Fengchu feel no guilt at all about the things she had done back then, but she was also full of pride.

She looked at Sun Ying'er and continued: "The science of cultivation is always accompanied by sacrifice. Now the spiritual root in your body is the correct artificial spiritual root formula. And when you use the materials to make your spiritual root. There is also a small part of it that is from the secret realm."

"As long as the spiritual root in your body is taken out and analyzed again, the backdoor password to the secret realm can be easily deciphered..."

"You know. What does this mean?"

"This means that I can remove all the materials used to create artificial spiritual roots from that secret realm and become the first person in history in this field..."

Hearing this. Sun Rong involuntarily clenched his little fists.

What kind of crazy bitch is this?

She is simply a female devil!

She continued like a devil: "Jiang Yingying. When I saw you back then, you were only as big as a cabbage. You were frail and sick. You would never live to be as old as you are now. It was my artificial spiritual root that saved you."

"And now, it's time for you to repay me... isn't it?"





Chapter 1631 The Secret Boss


The large-scale rescue operation was huge. In addition to the alliance army composed of cultivators by gathering the forces of all parties, there were also some boss-level cultivators hiding behind it.

For example, Li Xian and Zhang Zhui.

To put it bluntly, regarding this matter, both Li Xian and Zhang Zhui felt that they had at least a little bit of the blame on them.

If they could handle things more decisively, maybe with just the strength of the two of them, they could directly find the home of Mrs. Fengchu and directly level this madwoman's base.

There's no need to bother that Sun Rong girl to do it herself.

Li Xian and Zhang Zhui are well aware of the relationship between Sun Rong and Wang Ling. Therefore, they feel deeply ashamed.

Judging from all the current evidence, the Thousand-Faced Man they are tracking must be related to Mrs. Fengchu.

In other words, this Mrs. Fengchu is far from being as simple as she seems.

Such a method with thousands of faces. Even the faces they saw were different. The strength of the person behind it must be eternal.

So if we make inferences based on this, there are two results before us.

One is that there is an eternally powerful man working under Mrs. Fengchu.

The second is the person with the thousand-faced magical power. It is Mrs. Fengchu herself.

"This Liu Renfeng is just an earth monk. No one from all ages can think highly of him. Unless he was hit by a meteorite and lost his memory. Otherwise, he will never be controlled by an ordinary earth monk like her." Zhang in Riback Coffee Shop. Shui said while sipping her iced latte.

The Eternal Man in his mouth is the abbreviation of the Eternal Level Powerful One.

It is also a vocabulary Zhang Zhui recently learned from the Internet.

It seems very popular among young people nowadays to summarize a type of person as "XX person."

For example, the people of Zuan, the people who delay the watch, if you don't scold Ku Xuan for a day, you will die from the Star people...

Zhang Zhui found it very interesting, so he learned a lesson along the way.

As a result, I thought about it and found that it was quite fluent. Then Li Xian was successfully led astray.

"Although I don't think anyone will work under Liu Renfeng, the earth monk. But the question is, isn't Ling Zhenren also an earth monk..." After Li Xian finished speaking, Zhang Zhui opened his mouth. Suddenly I felt speechless for a moment.

Yes...

Wang Ling is very strong.

It was so strong that they could not imagine or estimate it.

However, Wang Ling. is indeed a genuine Earthling.

And it was born from two Earthlings who couldn't even reach the Foundation Building.

They didn't really believe this at first.

It wasn't until Wang Nuan was born that Li Xian and Zhang Zhui completely accepted this fact.

Who'd have thought that a newborn Earth girl would be as strong as a monster? She's able to beat the two grandmasters by the neck.

"So, even if the probability is low, it's not completely impossible?" Zhang Zhui said.

In comparison, the result that Liu Renfeng and the Thousand-Faced Man are the same person has been weakened a lot after the two of them discussed it.

"If she were an ancient person, she would never have seen the secret world on Earth. Even if the Earth has been upgraded."

Zhang Zhui said: "There are many factors that form the secret realm. To put it simply, it is like a jar of old wine. The older it is, the more valuable the secret realm is. In the infinite galaxy, there are countless unexplored secret realms that have been around for a long time. How can we see it? It's as good as the secret realm on earth now."

"I agree with this point of view." Li Xian nodded and said: "She Liu Renfeng explores the secret realm just to seek money. This vision is still worse than that of people of all ages."

"After all, it's just a matter of different realms. Back then, I was also seeking money. But I had a reason." At this time, Zhang Zhui said.

"Why did Brother Zi Xiang say this?"

"Money is sin. I'm just taking these sins into my own hands. I suffer in silence." Zhang Zhui sighs: "I will not go to hell. Who will go to hell?"

Li Xian: "..."

About two minutes passed. After Zhang Zhui drank the last sip of coffee in his hand.

He stood up immediately and said, "Let's go, Brother Li Xian. Let's settle it together." Okay." Li Xian said sternly: "But, how are we going to get in? This time the alliance army battles have unified command and markings symbolizing allies. We don't have anything. Isn't it inappropriate to just go in like this?"

"There's nothing inappropriate." Zhang Zhui suddenly laughed: "Aren't we just passing by and enthusiastic citizens?"

so it is.

At this moment, Li Xian suddenly realized.

...

When Li Xian and Zhang Zhui were preparing to leave, inside Songhai City Number 1 Prison, the three-person Mahjong action team led by General Bai also launched a new round of operations.

Because this is a free chance to earn points.

As long as you join the alliance army, you will earn points.

Of course. If you can succeed in this operation, the points will be an extra bonus.

All three of them have been sentenced to more than a thousand years in prison. Such an opportunity to earn points to offset their sentences is naturally impossible to miss.

"Is it the Miss Sun who's been captured?"

When General Bai finished telling the whole story, the trio felt incredible.

They had only heard about it from the prison guards. They knew that there was currently a large-scale coalition operation in Songhai City.

I thought it was just an exercise. But now I got into General Bai's car and realized what the purpose of such a large-scale coalition was...

To be honest, the three people in the mahjong group are a bit unexpected.

"Do you three have any impression of Liu Renfeng?" At this time, General Bai said.

After all, the three people sitting in the car at the moment are enjoying the top-notch nursing facilities of Songhai City Number 1 Prison. And the most important thing is that the three of them were previously one of the leaders of the evil forces, the dark web and those underground organizations. information. Asking them is all too familiar.

"You're talking about Liu Fengchu?" the old devil said.

"It's her." General Bai asked, "What? Are you familiar with her?"

"I don't have much business dealings. I just met her in the former underground human trafficking market." The old devil said, "I still remember. She and another person are brothers and sisters in the same sect. The other person has a nickname called Wolong. But this one Wolong is indeed very low-key compared to others."

"You said. They have a master?"

"There is one. But who is that master? I don't know much about him."

General Bai held his chin and thought for a moment.

The Fengchu underground laboratory in the northern suburbs is now under the control of the Allied forces. An encirclement has been formed.

Liu Renfeng can't escape now.

The instructions given to them above were to collect as much evidence as possible in addition to capturing him alive.

Now that they are already a step too late to start, they may not be able to get any benefits if they intervene head-on.

So when General Bai heard this, he suddenly felt that he might be able to change his mind and act with the Mahjong trio.

"This underground human trafficking market. Do you know where it is?" At this time, he raised his head and asked.

"These people are cunning people. Even if I tell you the address, the place of transaction may have already changed." The old devil said: "If there is no one there by then, then it will be a wasted trip."

"There are always clues." General Bai said: "You have made a contribution."

The old devil immediately replied: "In the winter market."

"Winter market?" Cheng Yu, the head of the Immortal Palace, was stunned.

The entrance to his immortal mansion back then was in the winter market.

Speaking of which, that was where his dream began...

But before the dream even started, I was slapped to pieces by Wang Ling...





Chapter 1632 Young people don't respect martial ethics


Now, all parties are setting off in multiple directions. They are encircling, building momentum, and collecting evidence. In fact, there are many groups of "enthusiastic citizens" like Zhang Zhui and Li Xian.

They are not for fame, but for "the light of the right path." They are just for the contribution of the light and heat in their hearts.

Of course. Most of them are Gray Cult believers. Their leader has been kidnapped!

Is there any reason not to save him?

Of course, most of the Gray Cult believers are actually students at school and do not have the ability to prevent the rescue. However, it is still possible to prevent large-scale public opinion attacks on the Internet.

For a time, a lot of dirty information about Liu Renfeng was leaked on the Internet.

There have been many rumors about Mrs. Fengchu on the internet. But in the internet environment, many things are half-true and half-false. No one really believes them. But sometimes, if the public opinion is focused for a while, it seems to be true. It seems that whatever is true or false can become real.

The attribute tag on the passersby is "old wallflower." Seven out of ten people say it's true. And no matter what the truth is. They believe what they believe.

This is why in the current network environment, for some unconfirmed gossip...

You will find that the people who scolded you at the beginning are the same people as the people who apologized later.

People who apologize are pretty good. But more people choose to remain silent after things turn around.

The Internet is like a mask. When the true face is covered by the mask, all hideous and ugly expressions will be airtightly blocked by this mask.

It stands to reason that the Internet public opinion has caused such a big stir this time. As long as Liu Renfeng is a little more thoughtful, he might be able to realize that he has captured the wrong person.

Unfortunately, Mrs. Fengchu was still too anxious. She firmly believed that the person she captured was Jiang Yingying himself.

Without stopping, he led Sun Rong, Sun Ying'er and the intelligence department chief into the restricted area laboratory.

This is a secret experimental space specially opened by Liu Renfeng. Only she has the highest authority.

As soon as Hang Chuan, the head of the Intelligence Section, entered here, he found that his headset signal was blocked.

He doesn't know. The intelligence department within the laboratory is now in chaos...

In the absence of Hang Chuan, the intelligence department was leaderless. They and their group could not directly break into the forbidden laboratory and tell Liu Renfeng the truth.

"It's said online that we captured the wrong person?"

"Caught the wrong person? No way...Zhang San has never made a mistake. Then how come Jiang Yingying and Sun Rong can't tell the difference."

"Look at the news on the Internet. I don't think it is fake news at all."

"Ah... we must tell Madam quickly! Where is Madam now!"

"The forbidden laboratory! Madam has entered the forbidden laboratory!"

"Ugh! It's over..."

...

In the forbidden laboratory. Liu Renfeng pointed to a bed in front.

"Come on. Lie down, Jiang." The expression on this crazy woman's face was calm and unperturbed: "I suggest you behave yourself better. I'm always quick. And I have enough anesthetic. I'll make sure you leave this world without any pain."

Sun Ying'er never expected that one day she would be lying on the operating table.

"The blade of your scalpel is not sharp. What if it doesn't open?" Sun Ying'er sighed. She was surprisingly cooperative. She lay down directly without any unnecessary struggle or resistance.

Being so obedient and well-behaved made Liu Renfeng suddenly feel a little surprised: "I thought you would struggle. I didn't expect you to be so cooperative. You are a good and obedient child. My hard work to rescue you was not in vain."

"Well. You don't have to say such nice things. You killed so many innocent people in order to develop the artificial root. You just happened to get lucky with what's inside my body. Do you really think you have any technical skill? " Sun Ying'er responded with an amused expression.

"Luck. It's also part of strength."

At this moment, Liu Renfeng opened the mechanism in the forbidden laboratory and took out a surgical knife with a faint blue light: "Tell me. Do you have any unfulfilled wishes? As long as I can make it happen, that's all. Done for you."

"Can I really mention it?" Sun Ying'er's face gradually became excited.

"Okay." Liu Renfeng nodded and smiled: "If I open the secret realm and empty out the materials in the infinite secret realm, I will become the richest man on earth from now on. As long as I have money, there is nothing I can't do."

"Then you help me...kill someone?" Sun Ying'er said.

This request made Mrs. Fengchu suddenly stunned.

She didn't realize that's what "Jiang Yingying" wanted.

But such a simple and clear wish was exactly what she wanted.

She Fengchu has killed countless people. It is too easy for her to kill one person.

What's more, Jiang Yingying is just a sixteen-year-old girl. What kind of big shots can a sixteen-year-old high school student know?

"You don't want me to kill your grandfather, do you? Martial Saint Jiang?"

Liu Renfeng held the scalpel and suddenly smiled sinisterly: "It's not impossible. Although it is difficult, I can still do it."

"No, no, no. Why should I kill my grandfather? The person I want to kill is someone who once bullied me!" Sun Ying'er said.

"Oh? Not Martial Saint Jiang? That's a pity. But since it is your wish, I will definitely do it for you. It can be regarded as fulfilling the fate between you and me."

Liu Renfeng blinked. The expression on his face was very terrifying: "Tell me. What is that person's name? Where does he live."

"His name is Wang Ying! The king of bastards! The shadow of shadow! He lives in a villa on Donghuang Road!" Sun Ying'er casually revealed the address of the Wang family's small villa.

"Understood." Liu Renfeng nodded and smiled: "After I take out your spiritual root, I will take out your brain tissue and keep it."

"Why do we need to remove the brain tissue?"

"Of course. Wait until I bring him to you...don't you want to witness his death with your own eyes? As long as I connect your brain tissue to the visual sensor, you can see it with your own eyes. By then, he will be like a dying bird. I will kneel in front of you like a dead dog and beg for mercy..."

Sun Rong, Sun Ying'er: "..."

At this moment, Liu Renfeng laughed eerily: "The scene at that time must have been very exciting."

Sun Rong, Sun Ying'er: "..."

Sun Ying'er couldn't help but shudder when he heard this.

As expected, the madwoman in front of me is a serious pervert...

Maybe when Liu Renfeng said this.

She didn't realize that the danger had come...

To be honest, Wang Ying really didn't want to come.

He was lying on Wang Ling's bed, with his eyes closed. He had been peeping at what was going on here.

I wanted to see Sun Ying'er's embarrassment of being "at the mercy of others."

But I didn't expect to hear Liu Renfeng's arrogant remarks.

Originally, when he considered that so many people had taken action, he stopped taking action out of considerations of checks and balances.

Young people still need to practice martial ethics.

But now. He regrets it.

Liu Renfeng!

Must die!

Young man, talk about martial ethics!

Just when Liu Renfeng was about to cut with the knife, a hand suddenly pressed on the shoulder of Mrs. Fengchu.

From Sun Ying'er's perspective.

She couldn't see the young man standing behind Liu Renfeng at the moment. His face was filled with murderous intent.

But that hand. She recognized it at a glance.

It's Wang Ying's, right...





Chapter 1633 Young people don't respect martial ethics


Very powerful breath.

At the moment when Wang Ying's palm came down, cold sweat started to fall from Liu Renfeng's forehead.

"Who are you..." The intelligence section chief behind him was startled. Wang Ying appeared too suddenly, like a ghost. He had the idea of counterattack in his heart. He wanted to protect Liu Renfeng. However, his body was frozen.

This was not a restraining spell that Wang Ying used. It was a tremor originating from the depths of his soul. The huge gap in combat power caused Hang Chuan to feel as if his blood had coagulated in this brief moment.

Then, his body began to tremble and he gradually stopped thinking.

Wang Ying didn't even bother to pay attention to this little guy. He only wanted to take revenge on Liu Renfeng. He pinched her shoulders like a chicken: "Old woman, how do you want to die?"

"How did you get in..." Liu Renfeng turned pale.

She had the highest authority in the restricted area of the laboratory. There were barriers everywhere. Ordinary cultivators could not enter, whether through walls, shrinking, or teleporting. Wang Ying's sudden appearance made her feel even more frightened.

What she didn't know was that there was a link between shadows. Sun Ying'er's body had long been imprinted by Wang Ying. Therefore, Wang Ying knew exactly where she went.

"How did I get in here? This place. Can't I just come in whenever I want?" Wang Ying grunted.

There was no unnecessary nonsense. The next moment, he reached out and grabbed Liu Renfeng's head.

Boom!

Liu Renfeng's head was crushed in an instant. It looked like a rotten orange that had burst open.

"Ah, Master of Shadows. How did you kill her..." At this time, Sun Rong was also sweating coldly. She didn't expect that the battle was over before it even started.

At this time, no one else in Fengchu's laboratory expected it.

The allied forces outside haven't encircled yet. Wang Ying would come in at this moment and take out the keystone.

Young people!

You really don't care about martial ethics!

"This old woman. She deserves to die." Wang Ying grunted, "Moreover. This person is very cunning. I didn't kill her. This should be a fake body."

"Fake person?" Sun Rong was confused.

"But the realism is indeed not much different from the real body." As he said, Wang Ying stretched out his hand and tore off Liu Renfeng's right leg on the spot.

Sun Rong quickly covered his eyes. The result was unexpected.

After the seemingly violent leg-unloading action, there was no blood splattering out. There was only the sound of various gears falling to the ground.

The right leg was torn to pieces by Wang Ying. The tubes connected inside were also torn off instantly. Orange mucus dripped from it.

"This is..." Sun Rong was suspicious.

"It's an artificial human." Wang Ying said with his chin raised.

He checked the torn off leg of Liu Renfeng. The number 010 was written on it.

This was also the first time he saw an artificial human. To be honest. Liu Renfeng Such technical means also shocked Wang Ying.

If he hadn't reached out and touched the body of Liu Renfeng, he would never have thought that Liu Renfeng was fake.

Because I can only judge by smell. This Number 010 Liu Renfeng is no different from ordinary humans.

This is different from the Head of State 001 humanoid combat robot developed by Wang Ming.

Combat robots are full of various parts. They are purely mechanical weapons. No matter how lifelike their appearance is, they can still be seen at a glance.

But Liu Renfeng's artificial human technology has a kind of technical strength that can fool others.

Sun Ying'er timidly got up from the operating table. She didn't care about what was happening at all. Instead, she was afraid of Wang Ying...

The conversation between her and Liu Renfeng just now was actually a means of "killing someone with a borrowed knife."

Originally, I just wanted to test whether Wang Ying was spying on them.

I just didn't expect that after this try, this man actually appeared.

"Don't...don't hit me...o(ï¹)o" Sun Ying'er shrank in fear.

Wang Ying curled up the corners of his lips. He stepped forward and pinched the girl's cheek with one hand: "Ha. I'll settle the score with you later."

After saying that, he suddenly lowered his head and quickly pressed a kiss on the girl's soft lips.

After this kiss, Sun Ying'er's mind went blank on the spot.

At the same time, the person who followed Sun Ying'er was none other than Sun Rong.

She felt as if she had received a shocking blow on her head. Suddenly she felt like she had been hit hard...

Today's young people are not only ignorant of martial ethics.

It's not about kissing ethics either!

After she quickly came to her senses, her cheeks turned red.

Mainly Sun Ying'er and Wang Ying themselves are very similar to her and Wang Ling.

Wang Ying's overbearing kiss made Sun Rong have the illusion that Wang Ling was kissing herself for a brief moment.

Her cheeks turned red all of a sudden. She felt like a fire was lit on her face. It burned her ears instantly.

"This Liu Renfeng is fake.

"And now, our first task is to find out the true identity."

It was still Wang Ying who broke the silence first.

He looked at Sun Rong's hot face. He couldn't help but laugh: "Ha. Miss Sun don't think too much. It's better to act than to think. You can't wait. Why don' t you take the initiative yourself? Just go straight to the kiss."

"Ah this. How can this be done..." Sun Rong's face turned even redder after being told this.

"Do you need permission from others to like someone?" Wang Ying smiled and said, "Think about it yourself."

Sun Rong: "..."

To be honest, Sun Rong had never thought about taking the initiative to kiss Wang Ling. But she felt that the difficulty level was too high.

Kissing is all about the atmosphere.

If the atmosphere is in place, it will come naturally.

If you just pounce on it and chew it casually, you will definitely be labeled as a "slut!"

In fact, Sun Rong is mainly worried that he will be disliked by Wang Ling.

Now she finally got closer to Wang Ling. She didn't want her relationship with the boy to become alienated again because of her excessive and unnecessary actions.

Kiss...

Especially kissing Wang Ling.

Of course this is what she has been looking forward to.

But sometimes, what matters is that everything will happen naturally.

Especially Jin Deng reminded her. What is needed to deal with Wang Ling is patience.

She didn't know what consequences she would have if she got anxious.

Such consequences. Sun Rong doesn't even dare to think about it.

Because she knew that she simply couldn't bear it.

She liked that person, but she didn't expect that she wouldn't even be able to be friends in the end.

...

At this moment, a piercing alarm suddenly sounded throughout the restricted laboratory.

Wang Ying judged that this was the alarm reaction generated after Number 010 Liu Renfeng was crushed.

And just 10 seconds after the alarm sounded, all the hidden mechanisms in the entire forbidden laboratory were opened.

A lot of new Liu Renfeng. were pushed out of the machine capsule...





Chapter 1634 Young people don't respect martial ethics


A large number of artificial humans Liu Renfeng poured out from every corner of the restricted laboratory. As if they were prepared in advance, they appeared in various corridors. They crowded the corridors like sardines. Just like during the morning rush hour. subway.

Wang Ying raised his arm and held a piece of Liu Renfeng's throat in the air. Then he gently made a gesture of squeezing his hands.

Just for a moment. The heads of these androids rolled to the ground like watermelons...

Then these dead androids were quickly replaced by new ones. They had faces exactly like Liu Renfeng, but without any emotion.

After seeing their companions fall to the ground, the living androids around them will pick up the broken parts and throw them into the recycling channel of the restricted laboratory.

Wang Ying doesn't know how many fakes the real Liu Renfeng has made for himself. But judging from the wave after wave of situations, the number is definitely no less than tens of thousands...

Sun Ying'er: "How many things did this crazy woman do to herself when she fell to the ground..."

Wang Ying: "It seems that this woman has an emergency plan. She may want to break through the door of the infinite secret realm from the front."

"But I heard before that it is not easy to open the entrance to this secret realm. It requires a lot of spiritual power." Sun Rong said.

"Indeed. There are not many people who have the ability to open the entrance to this secret realm alone."

At this time, Wang Ying thought of something: "But if there are a large number of people, it will be different. I think it would be better to report this matter to the Office of Strategic Deception as soon as possible. We will not do anything next. Intervene. Just wait until things end smoothly."

He is the shadow of Wang Ling. He is connected with Wang Ling.

Just before he said this, he also knew.

That man... is finally ready to take action...

...

The appearance of Wang Ying was a huge surprise to Liu Renfeng.

She didn't expect that when she was about to open the infinite secret realm, she would be stopped by a young man who suddenly appeared.

Fortunately, she still has an emergency plan.

As long as her true body is not found, then she has not lost this battle.

In Shou Chong's private laboratory. Several androids Liu Renfeng have complete control of this place.

"Heh... Junior Brother Wolong. Long time no see." Liu Renfeng uses the will of the main body to link to the brain tissue of one of the artificial humans to achieve short-term control.

When this group of artificial humans rushed in, Shou Chong already realized that something was wrong.

There was an emergency escape button in his laboratory. Just as he was about to pounce and press it, one of the androids kicked him in the abdomen, shattering his dream on the spot...

"Sister, you can't make the same mistake again and again..."

"Now are you willing to call me Senior Sister?"

Liu Renfeng couldn't help laughing: "Artificial spiritual roots are my lifelong dream. And I have obtained this core technology. Now I just need to find the materials in the secret realm."

According to Liu Renfeng's plan, she originally planned to use Jiang Yingying to analyze the key to the infinite secret realm and enter through the back door.

But this plan was broken just now because of Wang Ying's relationship.

Liu Renfeng must not be enabled for contingency plans now.

That is to break through the secret realm from the front through Shou Chong's method.

Shou Chong's private laboratory. She has been secretly observing it for a long time. She also knows the plan that Shou Chong has currently formulated for a breakthrough from the front.

However, it is not easy to open the door to the infinite secret realm head-on.

This requires a one-time injection of spiritual power that far exceeds the current level of cultivators on earth...

Even the senior standing behind her couldn't provide such explosive psychic output in a short period of time.

"Sister, you should know that you are surrounded. You have no way to retreat."

Shou Chong said: "Office of Strategic Deception! And those heaven-level sect leaders have surrounded your laboratory!"

"Do you think I don't know anything about the outside world?"

At this moment. Liu Renfeng laughed again: "As long as my essence has not been found."

"I haven't lost yet. Not to mention. You think I didn't see this coming? It was a long time ago. Huaxiu Alliance has been watching me for a long time... They've surrounded my lab in the northern suburbs. You could say it was expected. Of course. If there was a mistake. I really didn't expect so many people to come." She said it with her eyes wide open.

But in fact, I was still holding a lot of anger inside.

Because of what happened outside, including the fact that the Intelligence Division mistakenly captured Sun Rong.

They all found out after her spiritual connection with Number 010 Liu Renfeng was severed due to Wang Ying.

If it weren't for Wang Ying, she might still be in the dark.

These losers in the Intelligence Department don't know what to do with their food.

You can catch a little girl wrongly!

As for the current siege of the northern suburbs, the large number of cultivator alliance troops is indeed beyond Liu Renfeng's expectations.

But she didn't panic at all. Instead, her face showed the kind of excitement that made Shou Chong feel extremely uneasy: "It doesn't matter if there are more people. The more people, the better for me."

In Liu Renfeng's second-hand plan, he wanted to use the Huaxiu Alliance to encircle him and use the spiritual energy of these cultivators to forcefully break through the main entrance of the infinite secret realm.

However, the second plan is actually risky.

That is, if Huaxiu Alliance does not send enough people, even if she has a way to drain the spiritual energy of these cultivators, I am afraid that these spiritual energy alone will not be able to open the door to the infinite secret realm.

But now. She feels that the situation has become different.

Currently surrounding his Fengchu laboratory in the northern suburbs are hundreds of thousands of cultivator alliance troops.

The lowest level of ordinary cultivators who come to support is Golden Core.

Not to mention those heaven-level sect leaders in the circle...

"Sister, do you want to..." At this moment, Shou Chong's face changed drastically. He finally knew what Liu Renfeng wanted to do.

"Heh heh heh." Liu Renfeng continued to cover her mouth through the android and laughed softly, "It's really God's helping hand. In order to rescue that Sun Rong girl. He actually sent so many people here. If the final The result of the battle is to steal the chicken but not lose the rice. I think this Huaxiu Alliance will definitely lose its honor."

...

At this time, in the Office of Strategic Deception command center, on the huge screen, all the members of the Alliance Army participating in this incident turned into large dense red dots and appeared on the satellite map.

From a conductor's point of view, Keorn has never commanded this rich battle in his eight lifetimes.

However, such a large number of alliance troops were placed in his hands alone. This also tested his ability to withstand pressure and his command level.

He looked at the flashing cursor of the Alliance Army on the map. He frowned slightly and said, "Master Dao, I think something is wrong. Our Alliance Army has formed a dumpling-like encirclement. But there is no resistance at all from Liu Renfeng. I feel like there is some conspiracy behind this."

"As expected of the person chosen by the True Lord." Crispy Noodles Dao Lord said with a smile. He looked leisurely and contented.

"This... Daojun has already discovered it?" Keorn was speechless.

"In the final analysis, Aunt Liu just wanted to enter the secret realm to steal materials. Now her body is missing. A large number of artificial people have emerged from the forbidden laboratory. There is no point in catching those artificial people."

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord said: "There is a saying. If you use a more cultural term, you will catch the turtle in the jar."

Keorn: "What Daojun means is..."

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord laughed: "Just let the Alliance army take advantage of it."

Because. At this moment.

There is already a handsome boy. He entered the infinite secret realm in advance.

Just waiting at that entrance for Liu Renfeng's body to come in...

Of course. In order not to delay my homework.

This handsome guy even moved his desk over there. He was writing and waiting...





Chapter 1635 Young people don't respect martial ethics


Wang Ling did not realize that although he said he did not want to be involved in this matter. But then he got involved in it.

He really wasn't thinking about this. His mind was filled with homework, exercises and the upcoming monthly exam.

But don't know why.

My body moved involuntarily.

He knew that Liu Renfeng came to the infinite secret realm. So waiting and waiting is the most convenient way to find her true identity.

It's not easy to open the secret realm. Her true body will definitely show up at that time to take a look.

In addition, this has another advantage. There is no one else at the entrance to the secret realm except him. This just provides him with a cover to hide his merit and fame.

It seems a bit too high-profile and too troublesome to follow the brigade to capture the true identity of Liu Renfeng.

It's better to wait until this crazy grandma throws herself into a trap.

So Wang Ling immediately decided to enter the infinite secret realm.

However, he heard that it is not easy to open this infinite secret realm. It requires a huge amount of spiritual power to open the door.

For this reason, both Shou Chong and Liu Renfeng racked their brains to find a way to open the infinite secret realm.

Wang Ling believes it to be true.

He used King's Eyes to lock the coordinate entrance to the secret realm.

Then. A magnificent infinite secret realm door appeared in front of Wang Ling.

The ancient door frame is densely covered with profound and incomprehensible runes. They are all things Wang Ling has never seen before.

There are thousands of secret realms in the universe. They are countless.

Wang Ling is still just a child after all. Not all secret places have been visited.

A regular cultivator seeks to visit a secret realm. In order to seek immortality in the secret realm and improve their cultivation, all of them are determined to go there. Each and every one of them is iron head hard to rush to the inside. They are afraid that they will be late and the treasures in the secret realm will be snatched by others.

But Wang Ling is different. He has no interest in the secret realm. Because the things in the secret realm are also in his King's Pants.

So. I don't know much about the infinite secret realm. Wang Ling.

He heard from Shou Chong and Liu Renfeng that it takes a huge amount of psychic energy to enter.

Facing the infinite secret realm door that appeared at this moment, a somewhat serious look appeared on his face.

Then, he rolled up his sleeves and pushed the door sharply inward.

Boom!

Wang Ling saw the gate of the infinite secret realm suddenly collapse from behind.

Not only that. Even the door frame is cracked.

"..."

Sure enough. He still thought too much.

He obviously only used a little strength...

God knows this secret door is so resistant to pressure.

Therefore, before moving the desk into the entrance of the secret realm, Wang Ling also used the {Major Restoration Technique} to repair the dismantled door. It made everything look so natural.

...

Office of Strategic Deception command center. The "catching turtles in a urn" started with Wang Ling was fully deployed under Keorn's encrypted instructions.

His face was flushed. He was excited but also a little nervous.

Large-scale command is a great test of command ability. This time, the alliance military action seems to be to rescue the Sun Rong organization. In fact, the Huaxiu Alliance also has other considerations.

From a layer cake perspective, the second layer of Huaxiu Alliance naturally wanted to capture Liu Renfeng. And they specified that they wanted to capture him alive.

If this crazy grandma uses her creative ability in the right direction, she will indeed be a talented person.

As for the third level, that is, the Huaxiu Alliance wants to use the Office of Strategic Deception as a medium to see the final size and combat capabilities of the alliance.

This is purely considered from the strategic deployment of cultivation.

The Huaxiu Alliance has always advocated the love of peace. The revenue generated every year is used to build cultivation infrastructure. Only a small part is invested in military defense.

The current mainstream view in the cultivation world is that military defense can actually be replaced by another method.

For example, unite private sects among the people and become a family.

Just like the Confederate Army now.

However, to organize such a large-scale alliance army, if it is launched based on the people's will of Huaxiu Alliance, it would be a bit too formal.

So at this time, the necessity of the Office of Strategic Deception became apparent.

When Lord Diulei went to solicit investment, Huaxiu Alliance decided to invest based on this consideration.

Those heaven-level sects are connected together to block the development of the earth-level and Xuan-level sects below.

Such behavior is very detrimental to the business and development of private sects.

Therefore, at this time, a super sect that can surpass the heaven level is needed to set an example and form an unshakable force in all aspects.

And finally, it becomes a hemp rope that closely connects other sects together.

Therefore, the coordination and planning of sects in the world of cultivation is also a science.

Of course, for a sect to develop, it is definitely not possible to rely solely on funds. It also needs a certain scale of talent reserves.

Like this time for the Alliance Army, the private mission Keorn and Crispy Noodles received was to discover available talents in the cultivation world through this small-scale Alliance Army battle.

Most talents are still buried. The current value can only be discovered by Bole.

Once Keorn and Crispy Noodles Dao Lord lock in the candidate. It will only be recorded first.

Next, we will wait for the sect's commercial department to communicate and discuss the transfer of disciples between sects.

Today's Office of Strategic Deception has a lot of money. In theory, as long as you give them enough money, there's no one they can't negotiate with.

"Did Mr. Keorn discover any outstanding seeds?" At this time, in front of the podium, Crispy Noodles Dao Lord asked, looking at the screen in front of him.

"No. Not yet..." Keorn shook his head.

Judging from the several shots being switched now, there seems to be no one he likes at first sight. The monks in the Alliance Army are generally relatively young. The average level is in the Golden Core.

Golden Core. This actually doesn't seem to be a big deal...

And the most important thing is that although the northern suburbs laboratory has been surrounded, the attack order has not been issued yet.

Without fighting, it's hard to tell the value of these monks.

"I wonder what Crispy Noodles Dao Lord has to say?" At this time, Keorn asked.

"I did find one." Crispy Noodles Dao Lord pointed his eyes at a young monk on the screen. Immediately, the system's intelligent tracking system pointed directly at the precise position and scan of this person.

Soon, the young monk's name appeared on the screen on the right: [Tianquan Sect. Li Huayu]

"Tianquan Sect?" Keorn frowned.

This ranking is relatively low.

Because it's just an outer sect.

"The delay in issuing the attack command has a great impact on the mentality. You can see that this person is neither arrogant nor impetuous. There is always a calm look on his face. This state of mind is already rare." Crispy Noodles Dao Lord said.

Of course. His remarks are pure nonsense.

With his eyesight, he could see the condition of these monks at a glance.

As the "real clone" of Wang Ling, Crispy Noodles has the natural ability to recognize people.

However, this ability is not clearly explained.

So he had to find a reason to explain.

Generally in the world of cultivation, the most illusory reason is "state of mind."

It sounds very mysterious at first, but it seems to make some sense.

Just like those horoscope tests and psychological tests on the market.

And this is the so-called: Barnum effect.





Chapter 1636 What did you say you did to provoke him?


The strategic reserve of talents is something that every sect will do. The key point is whether both parties to the transaction pay enough attention to talents.

It is also common for some small sects to let go of big fish for the immediate benefit.

Li Huayu is a talent hand-picked by Crispy Noodles Dao Lord. Keorn will not worry about his quality in all aspects.

But compared to other sects, the Office of Strategic Deception is poaching. This is not an easy task.

Let me ask you, how could a super sect fall in love with a disciple of a Xuan-level sect?

If you dig too blatantly, you will only alert others. This Li Huayu is a rare talent. I want to book the Office of Strategic Deception!

In this way, Li Huayu's worth will be quickly raised to an extremely high level in a short period of time. In the end, it will put the Office of Strategic Deception in a passive situation.

"Have you, Zhenjun, thought about poaching people? I don't think it's easy." Keorn said, staring at Li Huayu on the screen.

"Xiao Yin." Crispy Noodles Dao Lord said bluntly.

"Xiao Yin? That Captain Silver?" Keorn actually didn't know Xiao Yin very well. He came to the Office of Strategic Deception not long ago. Many sect elders and disciples didn't recognize him.

But he does know this "Captain Silver."

This is a member of the core team of the Office of Strategic Deception. It also manages matters related to the spirit beast group.

And he knew that this Captain Silver had been living in Lord Diulei's house after the Office of Strategic Deception was established before he had his own Spirit Beast Peak.

Including now. After the completion of Spirit Beast Peak, it is said that the mysterious Captain Silver still likes to live in the same old place.

"Captain Silver. Is he any good? He's always so cool..." Keorn didn't know much about Xiao Yin. This statement made Crispy Noodle chuckle.

Xiao Yin...cold?

Of course that doesn't exist...

In the entire Office of Strategic Deception, except for Ling Zhenren, can anyone find a more lively and lovely person than Xiao Yin?

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord thinks he has no.

The affinity inherent in being born as a holy beast is the key to Xiao Yin's negotiation.

And as the leader of the Spiritual Beast Group, when he goes to other sects, most of them come for Lingyi. Basically, it is difficult to think that he comes to poach people...

"Well, of course the True Lord has his own considerations. Just watch the show." Crispy Noodles Dao Lord said.

He counted with his fingers and stared at the screen in front of him.

It should be almost time now.

Liu Renfeng Over there. I guess I'm about to get excited...

...

The underground passages of Fengchu Laboratory extend in all directions. The original purpose of Liu Renfeng was to establish an encrypted passage underground. On the other hand, it was also due to the layout considerations of the Number 2 backup plan.

These underground passages extend for great distances.

At this moment, all the artificial humans Liu Renfeng came out in full force. All of them carried a spirit stone and a formation flag on their backs.

Li Xian and Zhang Zhui each cast an invisibility spell on themselves. They looked down from above the sky at a bird's eye view.

You can clearly see the layout of the artificial humans Liu Renfeng after they have passed through each secret passage.

The outermost layer of this secret passage extending in all directions is a very standard circle. You can tell it is a formation disk without even looking.

It's just such a large-scale formation. It's definitely impossible for Liu Renfeng to do it with his own strength.

"All things are transparent and vitality formation?" Li Xian carefully observed the layout and details of the formation. He quickly thought of the origin of this formation.

This is a spiritual gathering array that can absorb the spiritual power of all cultivators within the array. It is divided into two types: active dedication and forced extraction.

If a cultivator standing in the formation actively contributes, he only needs to raise his hands above his head.

But Liu Renfeng obviously won't do that.

In order to open the infinite secret realm, she can only forcefully extract it.

"It seems that this is a real deal."

Zhang Zhui said: "This Liu Renfeng really has a brother behind him. Just do not know what this brother is in the end. I recall...."

"Master Wu Xin invented the Universal Brightness Energy Matrix. It is said that he only passes it on to his disciples..." But Master Wu Xin himself is now locked up in Corpse Map." Li Xian's mouth twitched. He looked rather helpless and said, "And that guy used to say every day that he wanted to take on disciples. But so far I haven't heard what kind of person his disciple is."

Speaking of Master Wu Xin. In the eternal era, this one was also an all-powerful person.

But unfortunately, Master Wu Xin has a small problem. He is very stingy.

There was a banquet. Master Wu Xin entertained everyone including Dao Ancestor Wang. In order to save money, he bought a lot of fake wine from a wine merchant and only gave Dao Ancestor Wang real wine to drink.

The result was so good that Dao Ancestor Wang's wine gourd was somehow tampered with during the banquet...

Then only five sounds of "ton ton ton ton ton ton" were heard. This gourd of fake wine was completely drank by Dao Ancestor Wang.

And then. There will be no more...

Dao Ancestor Wang, who drank the fake wine, put Master Wu Xin and the wine dealer who sold the fake wine into the Corpse Map on the spot.

Now look back on that history.

Li Xian couldn't help but sigh.

A good person. Why did you provoke him?

At this moment.

On the battlefield in the northern suburbs that had been silent for a long time, a burst of exclamations suddenly came from the battlefield.

"What is this..."

Some monks noticed something was wrong. The expressions on the faces of those heaven-level sect leaders all looked terrified.

"It's a big formation! A big formation that can cover the northern suburbs!"

"What? How could this Liu Renfeng have the ability to arrange such a large formation?"

They all looked panicked on their faces. Keorn at the command post was also confused.

Because these are all things within the scope of the plan...

As a result, I didn't expect that these heaven-level sect leaders and their disciples were all acting talents. Everyone contributed their outstanding acting skills at this moment and performed it to the extreme...

"Uh. My spiritual power. My spiritual power was taken away..."

"No. I feel my life passing..."

The cultivators trapped in the formation screamed one after another, showing expressions of death.

In fact, their spiritual power has not been drained away.

The spiritual power absorbed by Liu Renfeng is all provided by Wang Ling.

At this moment, he was squatting at the entrance of the secret realm.

While reading the exercises in front of you, raise your hands to channel your spiritual power.

"It's done!" Shou Chong Laboratory. Liu Renfeng showed a surprised expression through the artificial human.

The spiritual power absorbed through the magic circle was too huge! It was far beyond his imagination!

"Hahahahaha!" She couldn't help laughing wildly: "I didn't expect that Liu Renfeng actually succeeded! This world of cultivation will soon usher in a new year of Fengchu! Then I will be Liu Renfeng opens a new era!"

As soon as he finished speaking, the controlled artificial man quickly returned to silence.

It seems that Liu Renfeng has withdrawn the spiritual link to the main body and is preparing to take action on its own.

Shou Chong was pinned to the ground by several androids and could not move. At this moment, he was completely despairing. He only felt that the situation was over...

Buzz! A sound!

When the entrance to the secret realm opened at the preset location of Liu Renfeng, the crazy woman rubbed her hands and stepped in with excitement on her face.

She thought she would see a gorgeous new world when she opened the door.

What came into view was a young man doing homework at his desk.

Liu Renfeng laughed: "I didn't expect that there would be a doorman in this infinite secret realm?"

At this time, Wang Ling raised his head and looked at her. After confirming that this was Liu Renfeng's true form, he locked the secret door behind Liu Renfeng with just one look. It's blocked.

A terrible oppressive force. At this moment, it extinguished all the excitement in Liu Renfeng...

Wait a minute!

This situation seems a little bit wrong?





Chapter 1637 What did you say you did to provoke him?


In fact, Wang Ling was not in a hurry to put pressure. He just raised his eyes and stared at Liu Renfeng indifferently. As a result, at this moment, Mrs. Fengchu's mind went blank.

She was so shocked that she could not speak. She had no idea what was happening in front of her.

I just felt that the moment I stepped into the secret realm, I felt as if I had stepped into an abyss. It was obvious that I was just being stared at by a high school-looking boy. How could she, Mrs. Fengchu, feel afraid?

Liu Renfeng It's hard to believe the facts in front of you.

She has been pursuing the infinite secret realm for too long. Now she finally got in but was blocked by a young man. This made Liu Renfeng unable to accept this fact no matter what.

"I never kill pretty boys." At this moment. Liu Renfeng stared into the air with this pressure. She opened her mouth and said.

While speaking, she deliberately avoided Wang Ling's gaze.

Because only in this way can she feel a little normal.

Even at this moment, her body was still trembling uncontrollably.

Wang Ling can see that. Liu Renfeng actually has a back-up plan.

As a well-known underground scientist at home and abroad, Mrs. Fengchu now dares to show up in her true form. She definitely did not come unprepared.

The request from the Office of Strategic Deception and the Huaxiu Alliance is to capture Liu Renfeng alive. Wang Ling must also pay attention to the propriety of their actions. Otherwise, they will be killed. It cannot end so easily.

So. Wang Ling still stared at Liu Renfeng. He planned to watch the ants dance and see what kind of performance Liu Renfeng would have next.

"Child, I just need the materials in this secret realm. With these materials and my skills, I can become the richest person in the world."

At this moment. Liu Renfeng changed her tone. She started to take a gentle line: "If you do not block me. I can guarantee you honor and wealth for the rest of your life. You look young. You should still have a lot of things you want to buy, right? Do you want to take a look at it?"

If possible. Liu Renfeng also hopes to avoid starting a war with Wang Ling here as much as possible.

She doesn't know the origin of Wang Ling. She doesn't know how Wang Ling came to this infinite secret realm.

But the only thing that is certain is: Wang Ling is very young.

On Liu Renfeng. It comes with a built-in AI intelligent analysis system.

While Liu Renfeng was talking to Wang Ling, she had already scanned Wang Ling's data and found the corresponding answer from the treasury's big data.

Although I don't know why the photo is a mosaic...

But the information does show that the boy in front of me is only in the Foundation Building stage.

Of course. Liu Renfeng also knows it very well. This is probably because Wang Ling is hiding his true realm.

Otherwise, why would she feel such oppression?

"It's really interesting... How can a sixteen-year-old boy have the same fighting power as Soul Formation?" After the initial panic, Liu Renfeng, who had obtained the data, showed a hint of excitement in his heart.

A sixteen-year-old boy with the combat power of Soul Formation. If this matter is revealed, the world will be in an uproar.

However, she was not prepared to reveal the matter.

But I have a new strategy in mind.

If so. She can trick Wang Ling. Or defeat Wang Ling here.

Then cut open Wang Ling's belly. Take out Wang Ling's spiritual root and study it. Finally, use her existing artificial spiritual root core technology to recreate it.

Then... not long after, she will have a group of Soul Formation's legions at her disposal!

Liu Renfeng The more I thought about it, the more excited I became. The corners of my mouth could not help but rise crazily.

So, after a brief thought, she changed her previous offensive and planned to use the lure of profit to see if she could form a breakthrough.

Because after her intelligent analysis, she can be sure that Wang Ling is indeed only 16 years old.

Although there are countless beauty elixirs and magical weapons in the world of cultivation nowadays, the kind of sunny aura that belongs to young people cannot be deceived.

The older a cultivator is, the less "rising energy" he has.

This is a special method of discernment unique to young monks.

Even though he is a genius of Soul Formation, he is only 16 years old after all. She feels that Wang Ling may not be able to withstand the temptation of this colorful world with Wang Ling's state of mind.

"Son, I'm old enough to be your grandma. So, I really don't want to do anything with you." Liu Renfeng said with a smile: "You should have a lot of things you want to buy, right? No matter what kind of magic weapon it is, luxury As long as you like it, I can buy it for you. In addition to these, real estate, cars, toys, beauties... If you are willing to cooperate with me, you can choose. There are also countless snacks."

"..."

Hearing the word "snacks", Wang Ling blinked.

A drop of cold sweat ran down his cheek. He thought to himself that it was terrible.

I was a little shaken just now.

But soon, Wang Ling regained his composure. Fortunately, he had always had a paralyzed face. Even Liu Renfeng used his own smart phone to directly scan and analyze Wang Ling's face. I can't see many subtle changes.

Because Wang Ling has been silent for a long time. The situation at this moment has reached a deadlock again.

"Don't you accept these temptations..." Liu Renfeng also found it incredible.

She didn't expect Wang Ling's Taoist heart to be so stable.

But when inducements failed, she had only one last option left...

Liu Renfeng doesn't know where Wang Ling came from.

But a mere Soul Formation would stop her. It would be too underestimated for Mrs. Fengchu.

"Since the negotiation failed, then, grandma, I have no choice. You are my grandson. So when grandma takes action, she will be as gentle as possible."

"..." Wang Ling.

While she was speaking, Liu Renfeng stretched out her hand. Then a ray of light condensed from her palm.

Wang Ling noticed that Liu Renfeng had a special ring on his hand.

This is a space magic weapon that uses space folding method.

Unlike those storage rings, this ring can transfer items in a designated space to other spaces by shuttling and folding.

then!

Buzz!

Those spaces that resonated with this space ring. At the moment when the light from the ring emanated, swirling wormholes were formed on the four walls of the void.

In a short period of time, countless mechanical reptiles poured out of the wormhole!

These mechanical reptiles surged out of space like locusts. They spread their mechanical wings and flew in groups in the air.

Just after Liu Renfeng gave a high-five, the mechanical reptiles instantly spread out and took root in the earth like raindrops.

"Throwing beans makes an army." Liu Renfeng said calmly.

Wang Ling saw. These mechanical reptiles that had penetrated into the earth took root and sprouted in this brief moment!

In this short period of a few seconds, countless Liu Renfeng were quickly summoned from the earth by Mrs. Fengchu's method of spreading beans into soldiers...

Wang Ling only estimates the number.

At this moment, the number of planted artificial humans gathered in the secret realm is no less than 300,000.

However, no matter how many artificial humans there are, in the eyes of Wang Ling, they are just a bunch of scrap metal.

Seeing that Wang Ling's expression was still calm, Liu Renfeng couldn't help but said: "I know. These artificial humans below may not be able to deal with you. But if the power of everyone can be superimposed, then it will be possible. It's different."

"..."

Liu Renfeng had just finished speaking. She stretched out her hand and pinched it gently.

Wang Ling saw these androids begin to transform on the spot. They held each other's hands and quickly linked together. They merged into one. They turned into a huge red mecha!

And Liu Renfeng's true body has already been sitting in the more than fifty-meter-tall mecha during the transformation process.

This Fire Phoenix Mecha is the proud work of Liu Renfeng.

Using artificial spiritual roots as the medium for splicing, all attributes will be superimposed three hundred thousand times!

In other words, as long as she sits in this mecha, even Lord Diulei, the strongest person on earth who has reached the True Venerated Immortal level, cannot be her opponent!

"..."

On the other side, after hearing Liu Renfeng's thoughts, Wang Ling couldn't help but sigh.

He had never expected that Mrs. Fengchu would be compared with Lord Diulei.

After all, Lord Diulei is just a unit of measurement for combat power...

At this time, the huge fire phoenix mecha covered the sky and the sun. It seemed like an invisible shadow covered it, enveloping Wang Ling in its entirety.

Facing this mountain-like mecha, Wang Ling's mind suddenly went blank.

It's not that I'm afraid.

But I don't know where to start...





Chapter 1638 What did you say you did to provoke him?


Such a large-scale artificial human army was displayed by Liu Renfeng in just a few breaths using the so-called "spreading beans to form an army." Then it was quickly fought in front of Wang Ling at the speed of the blink of an eye. Dressed up as this fifty-meter mecha.

Wang Ling It is not difficult to see. For today's matter, Liu Renfeng has obviously been preparing for a long time. It is almost impossible to mass-produce an artificial human force of this size in a short period of time. This takes time.

On the other hand, the cost of making these artificial humans is not cheap. Such a large-scale artificial human power is based on Liu Renfeng's accumulated experience. If it weren't for the help of someone behind, Wang Ling would find it really difficult to achieve.

This is a woman who is scared of poverty. Her words are full of the evil flavor of capitalism...

Wang Ling can see that Liu Renfeng wants to make a comeback with this battle. With the almost inexhaustible resources in the infinite secret realm, she can build her own artificial human army. Then she will vigorously develop it. The industrial chain of artificial spiritual roots has been recorded in the history of the modern world of cultivation.

At this time. Wang Ling sighed silently in his heart.

It's a pity that Mrs. Fengchu met him...

It's just a matter of making a little money for yourself. Wang Ling doesn't quite understand why some people want to provoke him...

In the void. Liu Renfeng uses its body to link the spiritual will of the Fire Phoenix Mecha.

She does not need to perform any button control. She only needs to put her hands on the special spiritual transmission driver's seat to complete the integrated human-machine control.

The huge Fire Phoenix mecha is slightly more flexible than Wang Ling imagined.

In the sky above the primeval forest of the Infinite Secret Realm, a pleasant-sounding subwoofer song came from the Fire Phoenix Mecha.

It's not so much a song as it is a very deep phoenix cry.

Then two projectile knives with a width of more than ten meters popped out from the back of the mecha's arms.

The fiery red flick knife. Accompanied by the singing of the subwoofer, it was attached with a layer of red aura.

This is a combined spell that combines sound waves and enchantment effects. It is similar to the war cry effect of some spiritual beasts before a battle.

At such a specific frequency, in addition to producing enchantments, it will also act on things around the battlefield.

Liu Renfeng wanted to capture Wang Ling alive. Therefore, he used this method.

Such a special frequency of Feng Ming can have a hallucinogenic effect under certain conditions. And she has just re-planned the frequency of Feng Ming based on Wang Ling's current state...

It was determined that this was enough sonic power to overwhelm Soul Formation.

However, under such a strong sound wave, the expression on Wang Ling's face remained unmoved.

"You weren't affected at all?" Liu Renfeng was surprised. Then he saw the ant-sized young man below gently tiptoeing. After stepping on the void to reach an altitude of more than a hundred meters, he paused.

At the same time, the void changed. Liu Renfeng saw the surrounding scene changing rapidly.

The battlefield that was originally above the primeval jungle of the infinite secret realm quickly switched to this endless and deep universe in this short period of time. Liu Renfeng could see the Milky Way. It could even see the earth not far away...

This is not the universe of the real world. It is constructed by Wang Ling. It can be said to be another universe that is completely copied from the universe of the real world.

Go ahead. There is no other living being in this universe.

"Inherent Spirit Realm?" Inside the Fire Phoenix mecha, Liu Renfeng widened his eyes. He was extremely shocked by the endless depth of the universe and the bright stripes of the Milky Way in front of him.

She knows the existence of the inherent spiritual realm.

But she didn't know that the place she was being pulled into at this moment was the "core world" that was more powerful than the inherent spiritual realm...

Although the Fire Phoenix Mecha is large, it is as small as an ant against the backdrop of the cosmic environment.

Although she was sitting in the mecha at this time, her brain felt like it had stopped functioning.

And it was at this moment that Liu Renfeng was shocked to discover that Wang Ling's strength might be far beyond her imagination.

"Who are you..." Her voice began to tremble.

Then he began to launch an offensive frantically. Under the incompetent fury, two enchanted flick knives were ejected at an extremely high speed of sound, aiming at Wang Ling's head and cutting it off.

Wang Ling stood motionless.

Two flick knives struck him from left to right. The moment they hit his head, he didn't even lose his hair. On the other hand, the blade was shattered to pieces.

Liu Yanfeng didn't realize that she was attacking a guy who was depressed.

In extreme panic, more intense artillery fire covered Wang Ling from the various output ports of the Fire Phoenix mecha.

Boom! Boom! Boom!--

Suddenly, the core world of Wang Ling was exploded by various explosions. The Fire Phoenix mecha stored foldable nano-missiles. This is also a black technology developed by Liu Renfeng.

Even the explosive power of a nuclear bomb is only as big as a grain of rice. Therefore, the ammunition reserve in the fire phoenix is huge.

Wang Ling didn't want to open the barrier. Having a dirty school uniform is not a good idea. So Wang Ling put up a psychic barrier for them.

An extremely thin barrier. The nano-missiles bombarded it indiscriminately. There was not even a crack.

"Impossible! This is impossible!"

It can be seen that Liu Renfeng has gone a little crazy. She is holding her head with a panicked expression.

Then a dazzling holy light emerged from behind Wang Ling.

Liu Renfeng: "This is..."

Defeat the opponent in the area where they are most confident. This is Wang Ling's consistent approach.

The previous Fenmu Shen thought he controlled time and space, but he was locked in a fixed ending forever.

He can jump out of time and space. But he can't escape the ending that Wang Ling personally arranged for him.

Just like the Liu Renfeng in front of me...

Sow the beans and make an army.

It can be seen that this is one of Liu Renfeng's most proud techniques.

In a short period of time, through nanotechnology combined with cultivation space folding technology, artificial humans with flesh and blood were instantly created. This matter would indeed seem quite incredible in the eyes of other cultivators.

At this time, Wang Ling is standing in his own core world.

Behind him emanates the immortal holy light. It remains motionless, just like the gods of the universe.

Then. Buzz!

With Wang Ling as the center point, this holy light turned into a circular shock wave. It was like a huge ripple vibrating in the center of the universe. It suddenly extended to hundreds of millions of light years away...

Then Liu Renfeng felt that the dazzling light gradually dimmed.

And as this holy light dissipated, what appeared in front of Liu Renfeng was an extremely horrifying scene.

She saw countless Wang Ling in front of her, surrounding her!

These clones emerged from Wang Ling's body. Each one of them exudes the starlight of the universe.

Some are made of meteorites, some are made of stars, and even more... are made of dust.

This holy light of Wang Ling turns all the nearby dust within hundreds of millions of light-years into itself!

There are literally countless Wang Ling.

She couldn't tell it with the naked eye.

Then. Bang! There was a sound.

Accompanied by Wang Ling's finger snap.

Countless clones dispersed like the wind and returned to billions of dust in the universe...

And with the sound of Wang Ling's fingers, Liu Renfeng completely woke up.

She completely realized that her own realm level was not in the same dimension as the boy in front of her.

That's it.

This famous underground scientist Mrs. Fengchu:Liu Renfeng.

Under great spiritual shock.

Stopped thinking...

...

PS: Do the math. How many people have stopped thinking? (Funny) Friends, you can post your answers directly in this chapter. Friends who are correct can contact the book club administrator Big Face Cat to receive a copy. A small red envelope.





Chapter 1639: Not being the King of the Sea for many years


Under the dual impact of vision and spirit, there will be a certain probability of a "soul short circuit" phenomenon. The famous underground scientist stopped thinking and no longer struggled, which was conducive to the smooth execution of the capture plan.

But Wang Ling feels that things are not that simple.

He raised his hand and carefully used the {Great Disintegration Technique} to disintegrate the Fire Phoenix Mecha in front of him from the outside bit by bit, so that Liu Renfeng's body hidden inside was exposed.

At the same time, Wang Ling applied a temporary adaptive golden light to Liu Renfeng so that Liu Renfeng's body could withstand all the pressure brought by the cosmic environment.

Her strength is quite impressive. She has the Itinerant Immortal state. However, she is unable to fight in the universe at this state.

Of course. Wang Ling had never thought of going up and digging out his heart before. But he was afraid that the impact would be too great, so he just wiped out Liu Renfeng.

At this moment, Liu Renfeng still maintained the original posture. Sitting there, his eyes wide open. His expression was frozen in a frightened look. The whole person looked like he was petrified.

Then. Zhuo Yi was directly summoned here by Wang Ling.

"As expected of Master!"

After appearing, the situation in front of him honestly did not surprise Zhuo Yi. He had already expected this ending.

"I'll leave it to you." Wang Ling nodded.

"Don't worry, Master.Just leave the aftermath to me." Zhuo Yi clasped his fists and said. This is not the first time he has done this. He is very used to it.

The only flaw this time is that Zhou Ziyi failed to make a contribution in this battle. Show his face in front of Wang Ling or something.

He was extremely optimistic about Zhou Ziyi. And he was willing to accept him as a disciple. But Wang Ling refused to let go. Zhuo Yi had nothing to do.

The man in front of me is no longer the man before...

In the past, a simple annual card would do the trick. Now, giving annual cards as bribes is unlikely to work.

However, he didn't show his thoughts in front of Wang Ling. He continued as usual. After bidding Wang Ling farewell respectfully, he stayed to deal with Liu Renfeng's affairs.

Wang Ling shared part of the power of King's Eyes with Zhuo Yi. First, it allows Zhuo Yi to freely use the ability of King's Eyes to travel freely in various spaces. Secondly, it also enhances Zhuo Yi part of the combat power.

Of course. Basically, it is better to let Zhuo Yi deal with his aftermath...

Liu Renfeng saw the face of Wang Ling. So this part of the memory must be tampered with. And things in the core world must also be changed... This is beyond the realm of the earth plane. Level combat power. It would be very strange if Liu Renfeng wakes up and dumps them all.

So, in the infinite secret realm, he revised almost all the memory of Liu Renfeng's battle just now. He breathed a sigh of relief after confirming that nothing was missed.

If Liu Renfeng wakes up now, the person who fought her before will no longer be Wang Ling. But Zhuo Yi.

"Now, there should be no problem." Zhuo Yi wiped his sweat. This was not the first time he had done this, but he was still a little nervous.

If the memory tampering thing is not done well, it will lead to insanity. The Huaxiu Alliance ordered Liu Renfeng to be captured alive. I think there is still a place where Liu Renfeng can be used.

...

Office of Strategic Deception Command Center.

From the moment Liu Renfeng's real body entered the infinite secret realm, the alliance forces responsible for encircling and suppressing the base finally blew the clarion call to attack.

These base members of the Fengchu underground laboratory and the artificial humans of Liu Renfeng were all dumbfounded. These cultivators had clearly absorbed their spiritual power by the formation just now. But at this moment, they were all alive and kicking. He got up from the ground and immediately declared an attack!

"Fuck! So that was an act just now!" Each member of the underground base looked in disbelief. Liu Renfeng's real body has been controlled. The command post fell into a leaderless state.

In just a moment, the entire underground laboratory extending in all directions was in chaos.

The large-scale alliance army surrounded the underground laboratory in an orderly manner under Keorn's wise deployment.

The capture operation lasted for several hours.

Finally, he breathed a sigh of relief and collapsed with a tired look on his face: "It's finally over..."

"No. Actually there is only one last step left." Crispy Noodles Dao Lord said.

"The last step?"

"With Liu Renfeng's strength alone, he shouldn't have the guts to take such a desperate move." Crispy Noodles Dao Lord said.

"What Mr. Dao means is that there are other forces behind this?"

"Uh-huh." Crispy Noodles nodded. He couldn't really talk to Keorn about much of anything. He had to stop there: "But you don't have to worry. You've done a great job commanding this operation. Leave the rest of the work to Li Xian and Zhang Zhui."

"Are they the new Elders?" Keorn's eyes lit up. He'd heard of them. Because they suddenly joined the Office of Strategic Deception and became Elders right away. Many people wondered where they came from.

In addition, Li Xian and Zhang Zhui joined the Office of Strategic Deception. Lord Diulei gave them the position of Guest Elder... It's equivalent to some honorary professors in the Cultivation University. Listen to the Office of Strategic Deception. In reality, it's just a title.

But this name actually reflects the net worth directly.

Because Li Xian and Zhang Zhui are currently the only two nominal elders in the Office of Strategic Deception.

Their names have been famous in ancient times, but they are not well known in the modern world of cultivation. Now they have suddenly become honorary elders. Many speculations have undoubtedly deepened the mystery of the two people.

Just as Keorn and Crispy Noodles' command work came to an end, Li Xian and Zhang Zhui were also looking for traces of the people behind the scenes.

Following the clue of "the magic circle that illuminates all things and their vitality," the two people found some clues based on the layout and techniques of the magic circle.

Zhang Zhui smiled slightly: "Interesting. Judging from the technique, it does look like the handiwork of Master Wu Xin. If it were him, he would indeed be able to activate the kind of magic that can affect thousands of people."

"But he has clearly been imprisoned in the picture. Now he can only be a pile of bones." Li Xian said.

Zhang Zhui shook his head: "Brother Xian, what you said is too absolute. Dao Ancestor Wang is indeed terrifyingly powerful. But there are no less than tens of thousands of people locked up in the Corpse Map. Tens of thousands of ancient experts. Can you guarantee this? The old thief will not capsize in the gutter? It is the same as the idol stars who have just debuted recently and it was revealed that their parents are old bastards. There are no absolutes in everything."

"He deceived Dao Ancestor Wang. He is indeed a talent." Li Xian sighed.

Zhang Zhui: "There is one more thing that convinced me that he was behind all these things."

Li Xian: "What's the matter?"

Zhang Zhui: "Remember, when Ling Zhenren and Fenmu Shen first fought, those ancient divine weapons that Fenmu Shen summoned."

Li Xian nodded: "Of course I remember...it was the legion created by Fenmu Shen. As a result, Dao Ancestor's Dharma Creatures captured it. Now only a few hundred of the tens of millions of troops are left."

Zhang Zhui: "When Ling Zhenren synchronized the battle scenes in the core world just now, I saw the Liu Renfeng fire phoenix mecha. I just felt that it was similar to the ancient magic weapon."

Hearing this, Li Xian was shocked: "The ancient magic weapon. It was originally built by Master Wu Xin?"

Zhang Zhui: "He was originally a famous mechanic in the Vanguard period. Because all the parts of his body are replaceable. The heart he uses is also a mechanical heart. That's why he got the name 'Wu Xin'."

Li Xian: "But how do you know so much..."

Zhang Zhui: "His wife told me."

Li Xian: "Brother Zi Xiang. Shouldn't you..."

Zhang Zhui: "Let the past be over. I have not been the King of the Sea for many years now."

Li Xian: "..."





Chapter 1640 The strongest armor in the universe


The name "Wu Xin" has been a well-known figure throughout the ages. He is a well-known mechanic and has the nickname "Half-formed Warrior." In terms of popularity, he is no less powerful than Zhang Zhui.

If I had not been imprisoned by Dao Ancestor Wang unintentionally back then, I am afraid that in the eons of time there would have been black technology that far exceeded modern cultivation civilization.

But... that timeline has changed after all.

In the Corpse Map, those eternal warriors imprisoned by Dao Ancestor Wang are all now bones. And the image of Wu Xin is actually very obvious, because no one has gears inside their bones...

After Zhang Zhui was imprisoned in the Corpse Map, he found that Wu Xin's condition was not very good. As far as his impression was concerned, Wu Xin had always been a relatively open and active person. But after being imprisoned in the map, it became clear that Somewhat autistic.

He didn't expect that Wu Xin's ability to withstand pressure was so poor, so Zhang Zhui didn't pay too much attention at that time.

After all, not everyone is as shameless as him.

But now combined with all the things in front of him, Zhang Zhui became more and more sure of his guess. That is, the Master Wu Xin who was imprisoned in the Corpse Map... was definitely not him.

Because everyone knew him as "Half-formed Warrior." He was imprisoned in the Corpse Map and turned into a white bone with all kinds of parts. However, these parts have become the biggest cover-up in the Corpse Map.

It is said that a leaf blinds the eye. Zhang Zhui didn't realize he'd been set up by an outsider.

"This half-step magic weapon is quite interesting." Zhang Zhui smiled.

"But with Dao Ancestor Wang's strength, even if he was deceived at first, he should be able to see it later." Li Xian was puzzled.

"This old thief Dao Ancestor Wang is always angry. After calming down, he will not pursue it." Zhang Zhui said: "Of course there is another possibility. That is that he left Wu Xin outside. In fact, There is another purpose."

For a long time, Zhang Zhui still has a grudge against Dao Ancestor Wang who included many powerful people in the Corpse Map just because of a disagreement.

It stands to reason that with Dao Ancestor Wang's level, he would not be so petty at all... And the incident with Old God, Zhang Zhui felt that it was not entirely his fault.

He does like wives. But he respected the other's wishes. Although he was a womanizer back then. He didn't like to force himself on people.

If you can't get it, you can't get it.

That would undoubtedly be an ass-kicking behavior in Zhang Zhui's opinion.

It is true that he is dissatisfied with Dao Ancestor Wang to this day. However, Dao Ancestor Wang's series of actions made Zhang Zhui have to doubt. Maybe all this is a game...

Moreover, that man is probably the only one who has the ability to do this.

...

A few minutes later, using the same psychic tracking method following the traces of the magic circle, Zhang Zhui and Li Xian approached the North Pole.

After arriving at a certain coordinate point, Li Xian suddenly reached out and pulled Zhang Zhui: "Brother Zi Xiang. Be careful!"

"I know. There is a virtual realm of Law here." Zhang Zhui stood with his arms folded. Zhang Zhui and Li Xian are floating in the void.

It's another one of those things that's been passed down through the ages.

The nature of the Void is actually a mask. It's not as easy to feel for those who are not of the same level. In other words, someone at the North Pole has set up this boundary. They're trying to do something inside.

Therefore, it is very likely that the entire Arctic zone has been transformed. The vast swathes of icebergs, wind and snow, may have long been reduced to nothingness.

"Go and have a look?" Li Xian said with a frown.

The space within the void is completely independent and isolated from the outside world. Once the two of them enter, they may not be able to come back if they fall into a trap.

Li Xian is still hesitating.

After all, this is a joint mission between him and Zhang Zhui. If he fails because he is too adventurous, some of his points will be deducted. The gain outweighs the loss...

"I have reported the location to Mr. Zhuo Yi. If the two of us can't get out, he will find another way." It was beyond Li Xian's expectation.

Zhang Zhui, who has always been very aggressive in doing things, was extremely cautious at this moment. "Since Brother Zi Xiang said so, let's go in and have a look... Do you think Master Wu Xin is here?"

"Nine times out of ten," Zhang Zhui said.

It took them a long time to adapt when they first came to Earth. But the Eternal Powerful Ones were relatively solitary.

If Master Wu Xin had come to Earth from eternity, he would have chosen this Arctic land a long time ago and taken root there.

But this is just Zhang Zhui's guess.

The incident of Liu Renfeng was originally nothing more than a trivial matter in Zhang Zhui's opinion.

Unexpectedly, this thread was involved in an eternal matter. This made Zhang Zhui's interest instantly doubled.

There are too many doubts left now. He and Li Xian can only solve them one by one.

Is that Eternal Brother who set up the formation Master Wu Xin, who is known as the half-step magic weapon? And what is the purpose of Master Wu Xin accepting Liu Renfeng as a disciple...

These things can only be known after entering this "illusory world of nothingness."

When Li Xian and Zhang Zhui reached out their hands and touched the barrier of this illusory world, their figures instantly dissipated and submerged in the mist.

The scene before them shocked Zhang Zhui and Li Xian.

"This..."

Because what you see in this illusory world is completely different!

A city built of steel and concrete. Shining with neon lights of all colors. Countless mechanical flying objects hovering in the sky in an orderly manner!

There is actually another world within this illusory world!

Li Xian and Zhang Zhui were both stunned and completely speechless.

Just because the scene in front of them was too cyberpunk. It was very similar to the online game they watched Wei Zhi play a few days ago.

They had just arrived in the modern cultivation society. They had not yet fully adapted to the modern cultivation society. But in front of them, this technological city that seemed to be completely built on transcending eras once again made the two of them stunned for a moment.

...

At the same time, on the other side, Zhuo Yi received a report from Zhang Zhui.

A world of emptiness and illusion?

Although Zhang Zhui and Li Xian were already taking action, he felt that this was a good opportunity to make a contribution.

Of course, it's not that he wants to make meritorious deeds. He mainly wants to help Zhou Ziyi

With his current combat power.

Of course. Mainly because of the shared ability of one King's Eyes... being able to do whatever you want is not a problem at all.

"How is it? Are the legs moving easily?" He looked at Zhou Ziyi and asked. Because Jiugong Liangzi and Sun Rong sent various nutritional supplements, Zhou Ziyi's legs grew very fast.

"I feel like I can be taller. But there's no problem with normal movements, Brother Zhuo." Zhou Ziyi said.

"So. Do you want to go out with me to practice?" Zhuo Yi said with a smile.

"Ah? But the matter of Liu Renfeng has just been solved..."

"It's not Liu Renfeng's matter. It's another matter." Zhuo Yi said: "And the performance of this task may be related to whether you can become my disciple."

Zhou Ziyi became excited instantly: "I am willing to go!"

"Okay. But during the action, you have to stay close to me." Zhuo Yi said.

"Understood." Zhou Ziyi bared his teeth.

At this moment, this innocent young man didn't know what he was about to see...

Then Zhuo Yi quickly sent a text message to tell him. He also reported the matter to Sun Rong.

The general content is just a copy and pasting of what Zhang Zhui said.

That is, if he and Zhou Ziyi fail to come out of the "illusory world of nothingness" after a while, they will find a way to rescue them.

"Done." After confirming that the message was delivered, Zhuo Yi breathed a sigh of relief.

Then, he took out five sets of thermal underwear from the closet and handed them to Zhou Ziyi.

These are thermal underwear that have been personally inspired by Wang Ling. And they are upgraded versions 3.0. There is no need to shrink your head, hands and feet into thermal underwear. They can also protect the whole body. Previously given by Wang Ling He bought many sets of Zhuo Yi...and today, he dug out all the items at the bottom of the box.

Zhou Ziyi was shocked: "Brother Zhuo. This is..."

Zhuo Yi: "It's for your life. Once you put it on, no one will hurt you even if you are separated from me."

Zhou Ziyi was suspicious: "This is just thermal underwear. Is it okay..."

Zhuo Yi laughed: "When have I ever lied to you?"

Zhou Ziyi: "But are we going to go for a long time? Do we need to bring so many changes of clothes?"

Zhuo Yi: "Who asked you to change? Put them all on for me! It's like a matryoshka doll, you know!"

Zhou Ziyi: "..."

At this time, this innocent boy didn't know his armor value. After putting on five layers of thermal underwear, it had been upgraded to the full level...





Chapter 1641: Because you're afraid of pain, you're all on defense?


Zhuo Yi is not stupid. And he is also very aware of the dangers in this illusory world. Zhang Zhui and Li Xian are both eternal level powerful people. Even they were not completely sure before entering. They even I have reserved the information in advance. I also know that it may not be that simple in this fantasy world.

There is danger. It is certain.

If he goes there by himself, there won't be any unnecessary worries because of the shared power of King's Eyes.

But if you go there with Zhou Ziyi's strength, it's almost the same as giving up.

But now after putting on the five-layer 3.0 point version of thermal underwear, everything becomes different...

So sometimes it's not because of fear of pain that I go all out on defense.

It's also possible that you're wearing too much thermal underwear...

Zhuo Yi had told Sun Rong before taking Zhou Ziyi. But he did not disclose this matter to Jiugong Liangzi... because he had no extra long johns in his inventory. Mainly five pieces of thermal. It is safer to focus on one person's underwear. If worn separately, the effect will not be achieved.

And the most important thing is that Jiugong Liangzi has never liked such thick clothes, so he did not tell Jiugong Liangzi about taking Zhou Ziyi to practice.

He only said that he would take Zhou Ziyi out for a trip and that he would be back soon.

...

On the other side. Sun Rong received a text message from Zhuo Yi.

She actually didn't mean to sell Zhuo Yi... But the current situation is a bit embarrassing. Because Jiugong Liangzi happened to be next to her...

Today, she went to the villa where Jiugong Liangzi lived to see Jiugong Liangzi. She mainly wanted to discuss buying a birthday gift for Wang Ling.

December 26th.

That is tomorrow.

It's Wang Ling's birthday...

Sun Rong is wondering what gift to give to Wang Ling.

In fact, it's not just Sun Rong. The entire Office of Strategic Deception is secretly organizing birthday gifts.

If we just give away simple crispy noodles, this may no longer be able to meet the growing needs of this crispy noodle maniac.

Maybe other people's gifts are less sophisticated.

But she...

In addition to giving gifts, I also want to convey my feelings to Wang Ling again with a gift.

But she knew his character. He would definitely not like a gift that was too out-of-the-ordinary.

So today, not long after the matter of Liu Renfeng came to an end, I found Jiugong Liangzi and came over to discuss giving gifts.

This hasn't been formally discussed yet...

Zhuo Yi A text message. It was sent over by coincidence at this time.

"It's him again! Why does he always take him out! Not even me!" Jiugong Liangzi crossed his arms and said complainingly.

Sun Rong didn't expect Jiugong Liangzi's eyesight to be so good. He was sitting opposite her. When he scanned her screen, the words in the text message were still upside down... He could still see clearly!

"Classmate Liangzi, your eyesight is very good..."

"Hmph! If it were your Wang Ling who sent me a text message at this time, you would be able to see it clearly!" Jiugong Liangzi said.

Sometimes, girls are inherently more sensitive.

This is actually due to the fact that there are too many messages with Zhuo Yi. As a result, when the two characters Zhuo Yi appear anywhere, Jiugong Liangzi can recognize them in a second even if they are written backwards.

Jiugong Liangzi's words made Sun Rong blush: "What my Wang Ling...I found out. Liangzi, you have become bad!"

Jiugong Liangzi: "That's my Wang Ling?"

Sun Rong: "Absolutely not!"

Jiugong Liangzi smiled: "You're just kidding. Look how nervous you are. I already have him!"

As she said that, she stared at the phone screen: "But I still don't understand. Why is he so concerned about this Zhou Ziyi? Isn't it just to accept a disciple? He can accept him if he wants to."

Because the things behind this involve Wang Ling. So it is actually quite complicated. It is not convenient to say more about these things Sun Rong for the time being... After all, in Jiugong Liangzi's knowledge at the moment. Wang Ling is still Zhuo Yi's apprentice.

However, Sun Rong feels that it won't be too long before Jiugong Liangzi knows the truth about Wang Ling's true strength.

But in the end, Zhuo Yi had to take the initiative to confess to Jiugong Liangzi.

It was actually inappropriate for her to come forward on her own.

At this time. Sun Rong sighed silently in his heart.

I originally asked Jiugong Liangzi out. She just wanted to discuss the birthday gift. But it ended up involving other things...

And now it looks like it's very troublesome.

She could only comfort him: "After all, we are going out to practice together. Maybe that place is more dangerous. That's why he didn't take you Liangzi there."

The more Jiugong Liangzi thought about it, the more he felt something was wrong: "But the problem is. Zhou Ziyi's level is similar to mine. Why can he go? Two men... do you think they went to some inappropriate place?"

"No way. Senior Zhuo is not such a person..." Sun Rong said.

"But. I'm just worried." Jiugong Liangzi looked anxious. She sighed: "You haven't been in love yet. You don't understand. Zhuo Yi and I were just in the early stages of our relationship... It's normal to feel like this."

After saying this, Jiugong Liangzi slowly realized that his words seemed a bit heartbreaking for Sun Rong. He quickly apologized: "Ah, I'm sorry Rongrong. I didn't mean to..."

"No...it's okay..."Sun Rong smiled awkwardly. He only felt sour in his mouth. It felt like he had eaten lemon slices.

Everyone's in love. It's like she's the only one. There's no one else.

He didn't know when the Wang family's wood will bloom...

"Rongrong!"

Just when Sun Rong was thinking wildly, Jiugong Liangzi suddenly called her.

Sun Rong: "Huh?"

Jiugong Liangzi: "Let's go together!"

Sun Rong: "But... But if this happens, we will be in danger..."

Actually Sun Rong is not that scared. Mainly he is worried about Jiugong Liangzi.

And if they go together, I'm afraid her current strength will be exposed in front of Jiugong Liangzi...

Jiugong Liangzi smiled: "It's okay. I have a ghost talisman in my hand. I have 100,000 ghost soldiers at my disposal. Of course. It's not enough for just the two of us to go. That's why we need to find helpers."

"Looking for help?" Sun Rong had a vague premonition.

Then she saw Jiugong Liangzi quickly editing text messages on his mobile phone.

Sun Rong: "Who are you sending this to?"

Jiugong Liangzi: "Of course it's senior Jin Deng."

Sun Rong: "..."

After a few seconds, Jiugong Liangzi suddenly smiled and said: "YES! Done!"

Sun Rong was shocked: "Senior Jin Deng... agreed?"

Jiugong Liangzi: "Of course. Because the senior and I were talking about demon removal. We didn't mention the Virtual Realm."

Sun Rong: "..."

Jiugong Liangzi: "But Senior Jin Deng also said that for the sake of safety, he needed to report the matter. Then he went to Lord Diulei."

"..."

Don't know why.

After hearing what Jiugong Liangzi said, Sun Rong suddenly had an ominous premonition...

Total feeling. The next Virtual Realm.

It seems like it will be very lively...





Chapter 1642 A sad story


When he received the text message from Jiugong Liangzi, Jin Deng knew exactly what happened just by counting.

If Jiugong Liangzi had come to him before, he would have shied away.

But now the situation is different.

The monk greatly admires Wang Ling. In order to get closer to Wang Ling, he became the vice principal of Number 60 High School.

In order to know more about Wang Ling, the relationship between him and Zhuo Yi is also very good. And now Jiugong Liangzi is the person around Zhuo Yi. With this relationship, of course he has to accept this request. Agree.

In fact, Jin Deng had noticed the matter of "Virtual Realm." a long time ago.

He could probably guess who the master of the fantasy world was.

And so far, the Virtual Realm is relatively peaceful. No major events have occurred. The monk naturally doesn't bother to care.

He has lived in seclusion on earth for a long time. If it weren't for Wang Ling, knowing that he still has a long way to practice, he might still be living a quiet meditation life in seclusion until now.

Long-term immersive retreat naturally brings about boundless loneliness.

Not everyone can be like a monk. He can knock wooden fish repeatedly in one place for thousands of years.

For example, in this Virtual Realm...

"Old man. You finally couldn't help yourself." Jin Deng's face was calm. No waves in the well.

The last time he quietly entered the Virtual Realm was hundreds of years ago. But now, the technological city built of gears, lights and advanced cosmic alloys has probably reached a certain scale.

I just don't know how long the city inside the Virtual Realm can last after they all go inside...

...

On the other side. When Lord Diulei received the message from the monk, he was inspecting the ruined private laboratory in Shou Chong with Er Ha.

Information obtained based on relevant information in the Liu Renfeng laboratory.

They got the news that Shou Chong was the junior brother of Liu Renfeng. So they rushed here without stopping.

Unexpectedly, this internet celebrity scientist has already run away.

The entire underground laboratory was cleaned up.

He didn't take away any mechanical equipment. Instead, he directly blew them into ashes.

When the disciples from the Office of Strategic Deception who were responsible for the capture arrived here, the scene in front of them was already this mess.

"Everyone is searching with all our strength! Don't miss every corner! Every ashes left in every place must be carefully screened!" said an outer disciple of the Office of Strategic Deception wearing a white Taoist robe and carrying a big sword on his back.

"Yes!" replied the rest of the people.

This group of disciples from the Office of Strategic Deception are in extremely high spirits. Although they are still outer disciples of the Office of Strategic Deception, outer disciples also have monthly assessments and are divided into three, six, and nine grades.

The disciple carrying the big sword is called Keludi. There are nine copper coins embroidered on his Taoist robe, which proves that he is actually a ninth-level outer disciple of the Office of Strategic Deception.

According to the sect's regulations, as long as the outer sect disciples can possess ten copper coins embroidered seals, they are eligible to participate in the inner sect's evaluation.

He didn't know if it's because Lord Diulei was present in person.

This Great Sword disciple also wanted to show off the spirit of the outer disciples, so he shouted again: "You can't hear me! Make it louder!"

"Yes!" The other outer disciples answered one after another!

"No! No energy at all!"

"But I'm already very loud..." One disciple retorted in a low voice.

"In our Office of Strategic Deception. If the ninth-level disciples say they can't hear it, they can't hear it!"

The disciple of the Great Sword said: "I emphasize it again! Search every inch of the corner carefully! Do you understand?"

"clear!!!"

"Very good! Very energetic!"

...

"Master, the equipment in the laboratory has been blown up. No relevant data can be found. The only clue so far is that the material structure on the wall plaster is very similar to the structure of the artificial human. In addition, no relevant information about Shou Chong has been found. Genetic evidence." A sect disciple reported.

"The structure of an artificial human." Lord Diulei thought for a moment and snapped his fingers.

If he guessed correctly. Liu Renfeng should have sent a team of androids to find Shou Chong before.

And it is very likely that Shou Chong was coerced. Judging from the time point, the explosion in the laboratory happened exactly after Liu Renfeng was captured.

This is actually a perfect escape opportunity for Shou Chong.

But there is one thing. Lord Diulei still doesn't understand.

Shou Chong and Liu Renfeng are master and disciple. Since they're feuding, there's no way they can work together. It's not possible for the two to cooperate with each other.

The capture of Liu Renfeng should also be a happy thing for Shou Chong.

He had absolutely no reason to run away.

But now there is no way to catch Shou Chong. So he found Er Ha and came to help.

"Although I am good at tracking this kind of thing, you should be able to do it, right?" Er Ha said.

"It's just that I haven't acted with Brother Dog for a long time. I miss him a bit." Lord Diulei said with a smile.

"This place was blown up very clean. It has also been specially treated. A few months ago, with my strength, I would not have been able to achieve this level of tracking. But now, it is possible." Er Ha said.

Tracking scents has always been a dog's instinct. Although it changed from a toad to a dog, it has now become more accustomed to its own body.

It looked at Lord Diulei: "Do you have any personal belongings of Shou Chong's own?"

A disciple from the Office of Strategic Deception took the initiative and approached: "Elder Dog, we have prepared it according to the master's instructions. These things were all collected from the apartment under Shou Chong's name. I don't know if they can be used."

"This is enough." Er Ha said, "And. Don't call me Elder Dog... Call me Mr. Er Ha!"

He felt that Elder Dog was scolding people with that title...

"Okay, sir. Elder Dog."

"..."

"So, what do you want, Mr. Er?"

"What we collected here include paper towels stained with unknown liquid, underwear that was thrown into the washing machine but looked unwashed and had unknown yellow stains, and a pair of socks that were no longer clearly white and smelled of rotten salted fish. And..." the disciple replied enthusiastically.

"Forget it. Just bring this bag of things to me. Stop describing it..."

"Okay. Mr. Er."

Although just listening to the description, Er Ha could already predict that the contents in the bag were extremely disgusting. But when it put its nose close to it, it felt like it was almost poisonous and died...

"Are all older single straight men so sloppy?" Er Ha was disgusted.

"Haha. It depends on the situation. This reminds me of Brother Xiao Yin." Lord Diulei said.

"Xiao Yin? What did he do again?"

"That's right. Brother Yin has been obsessed with writing lately, hasn't he? He recently wrote a scene where the male and female protagonists kiss. Then he was shocked to find that his protagonist's first kiss was gone. But his was still there."

"..." Er Ha.

This is indeed a sad story...

After remembering the indescribable smell inside the bag, Er Ha's hair stood on end: "It's done. Now, all we need to do is set out and find him."

"Yes. Thank you, Brother Dog." Lord Diulei said.

"Even if he hides in the ends of the earth, I will definitely be able to find him!"

...

So... about ten minutes later.

Lord Diulei and Er Ha appeared at the edge of the Virtual Realm....





Chapter 1643 Zhang Zhui's powerful logic


Within the illusionary world, the huge science and technology city is clearly divided into two major areas. The core area of the city is the most splendid and splendid place. Just looking at the golden lights over there, you can tell that the gentry is gathering there. Land is a place where you can do whatever you want as long as you have enough money.

When Li Xian and Zhang Zhui entered this place, they were in the outermost block. The air in this block was filled with the faint smell of motor oil, and there were dazzling neon lights of various colors. It gave people a very unreal feeling.

The two used invisibility spells to secretly observe the people living in this Virtual Realm.

Although it has not yet completely touched the core area, judging from the feelings on the outside, this Virtual Realm does have its own independent civilization.

And you can tell at a glance that it is the work of Master Wu Xin.

Because from what the two of them have seen so far, the people living here are all semi-mechanized human cultivators.

Even many shops that sell spiritual tools openly display a variety of mechanical limbs and mechanical organ parts in their stores.

The only overlap with the real world is that language is universal.

"Have you created another world and made yourself king? This old guy... thinks he is playing Minecraft?" Zhang Zhui smiled.

Then he removed one of his right legs in front of Li Xian and replaced it with a mechanical limb.

Li Xian: "???"

Zhang Zhui: "Don't be stunned. Hurry up and take it apart."

Li Xian: "How to dismantle this..."

Zhang Zhui: "Don't tell me that you haven't learned the Disintegration Technique before? Do you still need me to teach you? At our level, don't you even take off the eyeballs and replace them? Take off a leg. Isn't it easy? We are all cyborgs here. If we do this in public, we will definitely be suspected."

Li Xian: "..."

Although Zhang Zhui's words sound reasonable, Li Xian has never learned the disintegration technique.

However, both of them are Eternal level bosses. And their strength is almost the same. It is not difficult to learn a new spell.

Zhang Zhui sighed. He had no choice but to transfer the mental formula of the "Disintegration Technique" to Li Xian's mind step by step.

Li Xian probably understood it roughly after studying on the spot for more than ten minutes. Then he also removed one of his legs.

He didn't expect that there was such a magical magic. It could remove limbs or organs from one's own body...

"How did you learn this {disintegration technique}?" Li Xian was curious.

"Speaking of which, it was Old God who taught me." Zhang Zhui said, "You know, I am very capable, which led to Old God lingering over me and never forgetting about me... So I took off one of my arms and gave it to her. Let her use it herself."

Li Xian: "..."

Zhang Zhui sighed: "Fortunately, I got my arm back before I was imprisoned by Dao Ancestor Wang. Otherwise, my right hand, which has been with me for countless years, might turn into a fossil outside."

Li Xian: "..."

After replacing the mechanical legs, Li Xian suddenly realized a very serious problem.

He looked at Zhang Zhui: "Brother Zi Xiang...where did your mechanical legs come from?"

Zhang Zhui pointed to a shop selling mechanical limbs in front of him: "When I went to inspect it just now, it came in handy. As long as I found the currency here, it is different from the currency outside."

"This doesn't seem good, Brother Zi Xiang. You are now the consultant of the anti-pocketing team..."

"But this is the Virtual Realm. So what does it matter."

"Then I don't care. I must severely reprimand you for this matter. Ling Zhenren has given you countless instructions..." Li Xian said seriously and exaggeratedly.

After all, he and Zhang Zhui were the first batch to be released from the Corpse Map by Wang Ling. And he was promoted to captain. He has the obligation to supervise Zhang Zhui's activities in the modern world.

It is an exaggeration to say that Wang Ling has a thousand warnings and instructions. Because everyone who is familiar with Wang Ling knows that Wang Ling usually does not speak more than 15 words...

But leave that aside.

Stealing is definitely wrong. This problem must be corrected.

Even within the Virtual Realm.

"Okay. Then you can find a way to buy it, right?" Zhang Zhui was helpless. Faced with Li Xian's stubbornness, he had no choice but to obey.

There is no way. Because he is also afraid of Wang Ling.

"This is okay, but you are not allowed to steal money." Li Xian said.

Then Zhang Zhui used lightning speed to put back the mechanical leg thrown from the store to the boss.

Then he led Li Xian directly to the door. He chose to buy the two mechanical legs that he had just put back: "These two. How much for them?"

Suddenly a big deal came. The shop owner, who weighed more than 200 kilograms, was ecstatic. He rubbed his iron hands with a smile on his face: "You two sound like foreigners?"

"Why. Xenophobia?" Zhang raised an eyebrow.

"No, no... our store has always put customers first." The store owner smiled and said: "The two mechanical legs that this gentleman is interested in are newly arrived. The model is Bpple12pro-taigui."

"Is it the latest model from the core area?" Zhang Zhui asked.

"Sir, you are joking. You know, the ten floors outside the core area are all outer rings. In fact, they are all places where the poor live. There is no essential difference."

The shop owner said: "To be honest, sir, these two mechanical legs are indeed obsolete products in the core wealthy areas. But here in our outer ring, they are new products. So the price..."

"I know. Just ask the price." Zhang Zhui glanced at the shop owner and said.

"These are the last two mechanical legs of this model in our store. The current market price is 1,098 yuan. Two legs are packed. Sir, just pay me 2,000 silver gears. I'll give you a discount." The store owner bared his teeth and smiled. : "You can use electronic transactions or pay with gear coins."

After the store owner finished speaking, Li Xian stared at Zhang Zhui's movements. He saw Zhang Zhui touching his left pocket, and then he actually took out a bunch of money that he had never seen before from his pants pocket.

The shop owner was so happy. When he saw Zhang Zhui paid for it without counter-offering, he felt like he had killed a big fat sheep today: "Thank you for your patronage! Thank you for your patronage! I look forward to your next visit!"

...

Then, the two of them left the store.

I found a dark corner and replaced the mechanical legs.

Li Xian frowned deeply. Still puzzled: "Where did Brother Zi Xiang get the money?"

Zhang Zhui laughed: "How can I have money? Of course it belongs to the shop owner."

Li Xian: "You... why did you steal other people's money again! Pay it back quickly!"

Zhang Zhui Oh: "Didn't I already return it."

Li Xian: "But our robotic legs..."

Zhang Zhui: "What's wrong with the mechanical leg? Didn't I buy this mechanical leg with money? I didn't steal it. Look at how happy the boss is. He's looking forward to our next visit."

"..."

Hearing this, Li Xian opened his mouth wide.

This genius logic left him speechless for a moment...





Chapter 1644 Historic Meeting


Virtual Realm. A parts scrapyard outside the 10th Ring Road in the core area of Science and Technology City. Mountains of mechanical parts are piled here.

Because you enter the Virtual Realm through different coordinate points.

When Zhuo Yi and Zhou Ziyi came inside through the external barrier, they appeared directly at the current location.

The place was filled with all kinds of mechanical parts. The damaged limbs emit a foul gasoline odor that blends into the air. As soon as he entered the place. Zhuo Yi immediately sealed his nostrils and those of Zhou Ziyi beside him. Breathing through the "Tortoise Breath Technique."

Zhou Ziyi was stunned by the sight in front of her.

This kind of scene only appears in post-apocalyptic science fiction blockbusters. It makes people feel unrealistic.

He followed Zhuo Yi through several mechanical mountains.

Suddenly, a mechanical hand came out of the gap on the side and grabbed Zhou Ziyi's trousers.

The residual limb was not very strong, but something happened suddenly that frightened Zhou Ziyi.

In comparison, Zhuo Yi indeed looked calm. Because he knew very well that there was nothing here that could hurt him.

Zhou Ziyi's face turned red: "Brother Zhuo... I'm sorry. I..."

"You probably haven't gone out to practice since you lost your legs. It's inevitable that you lack some experience. I was so frightened when I followed several seniors to practice in a secret place a long time ago." Zhuo Yi said with a smile.

These words were his encouragement to Zhou Ziyi. They also made him feel like a master for the first time.

He took a fancy to Zhou Ziyi and planned to take him under his wing. He not only recognized Zhou Ziyi's own character, but also planned to find a powerful successor for himself.

On the other hand, Zhuo Yi also wants to experience what it feels like to be a master.

If he can touch it accurately, maybe he can understand Wang Ling better.

Using the power of King's Eyes. Zhuo Yi conducted a carpet search from a God's perspective. A hologram related to the entire Virtual Realm appeared in his mind.

It turns out that this is a science and technology city. A cultivation city based on mechanization...

"Brother Zhuo? What are we going to do next?" Zhou Ziyi asked.

Before he came to the secret world, he was full of confidence. But after arriving at a new and unfamiliar environment. The sense of horror and mystery from the unknown instantly made Zhou Ziyi feel that his mind was blank. He didn't know what to do.

In fact, this is not a problem that only occurs in Zhou Ziyi.

Most newbies in the world of cultivation are like this.

Under the current systematic model of compulsory cultivation education, before going to university, unless there is a very special opportunity.

Otherwise, under normal circumstances, almost no monks before university have the experience of independently exploring secret realms. Most of them follow the large troops and act together under the protection and organization of the school instructors.

There is strength in numbers. Naturally, you won't feel scared even if you change places.

Zhuo Yi always thought that it was not called secret exploration in the strict sense.

It's called Spring Outing and Autumn Outing...

On the contrary, the fewer people there are, the more uneasy it will be.

"Ziyi, you don't need to be afraid. What you are wearing now is very strong armor. Why, you still don't believe what I said?" Zhuo Yi laughed.

"I believe..."

The hell with that!

thermal underwear...how can it be so strong!

Zhou Ziyi scratched his head.

Although Zhuo Yi had already told him about the power of thermal underwear before coming here.

But he really didn't believe it all.

Because it's too outrageous...

Although he is now wearing five layers of long johns, he visually looks fatter. But what makes Zhou Ziyi feel amazing is that he does not feel uncomfortable.

This thermal underwear seems to fit the human body. It also has a temperature control system that can adjust the body's temperature to the most suitable state.

It's such a comfortable thermal underwear. It's soft and considerate. It doesn't look hard at all!

How can we withstand a fierce attack... This is not scientific at all!

"Oh, yeah. You'll see how powerful this thing is when you put it to use." Zhuo Yi said.

After all, this 3.0 version of the customized Autumn Coat and Autumn Pants is Wang Ling's handiwork. Who'd have thought that a customized Autumn Pants would be a dozen times more powerful than the Chaos Armor on Dao Ancestor Wang's " Zheng?"

And now these five pieces of thermal underwear are stacked together like a nesting doll. Although it caused Zhou Ziyi to be slightly bloated like a Michelin tire. But now Zhou Ziyi's armor is stacked up! No one can hurt him!

He wasn't in a hurry.

But this time he brought Zhou Ziyi here. He was looking for opportunities to take Zhou Ziyi to take off...

It is true that this Master Wu Xin is an eternal level powerhouse.

But if Zhou Ziyi can be allowed to kill this eternal powerhouse...

Zhuo Yi feels that the qualifications to join the sect are more than enough.

He has been lying down and winning for so long. He understands the essence of lying down and winning.

It's just that Zhuo Yi didn't expect that one day, he would take the apprentice he wanted to take on and make arrangements for this future apprentice to win...

He randomly picked up two mechanical stumps of his hands from the garbage mountain. He used the recovery ability of King's Eyes to scan them.

Then Zhou Ziyi saw that the two mechanical stumps turned into golden light particles in Zhuo Yi's hands. They formed a holographic scene in the air, reorganized and reorganized, and then quickly materialized.

This is King's Eyes' {Repairing LightÂ·Home Appliances Edition}. It is specially used to repair mechanical products. Zhuo Yi just wanted to give it a try. Unexpectedly, it actually came in handy.

It took less than two seconds. Two brand new mechanical limbs appeared in Zhuo Yi's hands.

At this moment, the two of them exclaimed in unison.

Zhuo Yi marveled in his heart: "It turns out that the intact robotic arm looks like this."

Zhou Ziyi was amazed: "There is such an operation!!!"

Realizing Zhou Ziyi's surprised look, Zhuo Yi immediately couldn't help but laugh: "Don't be too surprised. It's just an ordinary trick."

After reorganizing his thoughts, Zhou Ziyi said: "Brother Zhuo, since these are all semi-mechanized cultivators, wouldn't it be better for us to also replace them with mechanical limbs?"

Zhuo Yi nodded: "Smart. But at your current level, your spiritual power is not enough for the Zhuo Yi technique to replace limbs. Even if you learn this technique, I'm afraid the duration of disintegration will not exceed Ten seconds."

"Then...what should we do?"

"It's very simple. Just use illusion." The next second, Zhuo Yi activated the ability to share King's Eyes. He projected the two robotic arms he had just recovered on himself and Zhou Ziyi in the form of illusion.

When Zhou Ziyi saw that his right hand suddenly turned into a metal robotic arm, he was shocked: "It's amazing! It's like a new layer of skin..."

"That way you'll be safe."

Zhuo Yi held his chin and said: "But this Virtual Realm is already in another country. I guess the currency used is different from what we usually use."

Different from other secret realms, this secret realm has these mechanized indigenous monks and has its own civilization.

So wherever there are people, there must be all kinds of sales and transactions.

And through the holographic scene map fed back by King's Eyes. Zhuo Yi also saw the most central, resplendent core area.

So how to enter there as a legal aboriginal without alerting the enemy is the key to the problem.

Zhuo Yi Judgment. If they want to travel here unhindered, they must have enough money.

So at this moment, facing the huge and sparsely populated parts scrapyard in front of me, Zhuo Yi discovered an opportunity to make a fortune...

"Ziyi. Go pick up some more parts that look usable." Zhuo Yi said.

He possesses the pupil technique of {Repairing LightÂ·Household Appliances Version}. He can turn waste into treasure, buy and resell, and that's it.

"good!"

Zhou Ziyi understood it clearly. He could guess what Zhuo Yi wanted to do almost immediately.

But just as Zhou Ziyi was preparing to take action, a tall young man with fair skin suddenly appeared in front of them.

He was wearing casual clothes and had neat bangs. When he approached them, he seemed to be able to feel the sunshine radiating from his body.

"Brother, you don't seem to be from here."Zhuo Yi frowned.

"I... It's true that I'm not...but aren't you the same, right?" The young man smiled.

"Who are you?" Zhuo Yi's eyes dimmed immediately.

This young man with unknown origins in front of him could actually see through the illusion of King's Eyes? This made him feel incredible...

"Sorry, sorry. I didn't eavesdrop on your conversation on purpose. I fell into this secret realm accidentally." At this time, the young man lazily raised his hands in a gesture of surrender.

So you overheard us...

Zhuo Yi breathed a sigh of relief.

"So I just want to ask, where is this place? I heard you say it seems to be a secret place? Have you heard of Beiyan City? I came from there," the young man said.

"Bei Yan?"Zhuo Yi was stunned.

Then he raised his head and looked at the person in front of him: "As far as I know, our country of Huaxiu does not have a city called Beiyan..."

"Huaxiu country?"

Listen here. The young man froze. He stroked his chin in a thoughtful manner. His mouth muttered, "Dammit... Did I fall into a different dimension?"

"This brother. Don't you want to explain who you are? I feel that this is a very rude behavior." Zhuo Yi remained vigilant. He felt that the young man in front of him had an indescribable strange feeling.

And the main thing is that the opponent has a good fighting ability.

Although the young man did not deliberately release his spiritual energy.

But through King's Eyes. Zhuo Yi, one can clearly see that the spiritual energy in this young man's body is as vast as the sea... almost comparable to Dao God.

"Then in exchange, after I finish speaking, I also hope you will tell me who you are."

The young man smiled gently. Then he extended his hand to Zhuo Yi. He heard Zhou Ziyi call Zhuo Yi "Zhuo" earlier. So he followed suit and said, "Hello, Zhuo. My surname is Qin. My name is Qin Zong. The Qin of Qin Shu and Chu Tian. The Zong of Zongheng."

"Qin... Zhong?" The name made Zhuo Yi freeze.

He felt like he'd heard it somewhere before.

At this moment. Zhuo Yi doesn't realize it yet.

But it was a historic meeting...





Chapter 1645 Ha! This fool!


The shared version of King's Eyes has many abilities. But it also has permission restrictions. In fact, Zhuo Yi has not yet obtained permissions for many incredible abilities.

It's not that Wang Ling is cheap. It's just that these powers, if misused or abused, could have a serious butterfly effect.

On the other hand, Zhuo Yi actually does not reach the level of psychic energy required to activate these heaven-defying abilities.

He looked up and down at the young man in front of him. He felt as if he had heard this name somewhere before, but for a moment he couldn't place it.

Zhou Ziyi stared at Qin Zhong. Although he felt that the sudden appearance of Qin Zhong was a bit suspicious, he didn't know why. He felt that Qin Zhong seemed to be particularly kind.

"How about it? Do you want to cooperate? It looks like you guys are planning to sell off these scraps, right?" Qin Zhong actually saw almost everything about the scene just now. He knew that Zhuo Yi had the ability to turn waste into treasure. Immediately proposed to join the cooperation.

"Then let's see what you can do to help." Zhuo Yi said.

"Hey. I'm just here to join in the fun. If I can help you, I hope you can help me think of a way to get me home." Qin Zhong replied.

This was the first time Qin Zhong had encountered such a thing, falling into space turbulence and causing time and space to be disrupted. He could basically tell that he had fallen into another dimension.

This is a big trouble.

With his current level of strength, he still cannot achieve the ability to correct time and space.

Of course. He doesn't know if Zhuo Yi can help him.

But based on past experience.

He felt that it was definitely right to follow Zhuo Yi...

Because he is lucky enough.

Otherwise, it would be impossible to just fall out of space. I heard Zhuo Yi and Zhou Ziyi discussing plans in this deserted scrap recycling yard. And he found that he could just come in handy.

"Do you want to cooperate? After all, we don't know you. I think we should consider it..." Zhuo Yi said.

It's not that he is too repulsive to Qin Zhong. It's just that he is too unfamiliar with Qin Zhong. He doesn't know what the purpose of Qin Zhong's presence here is.

And. If Qin Zhong is allowed to join...it might affect Zhou Ziyi's meritorious service.

He was thinking about it. And then Qin Zhong crossed his arms. He laughed out loud: "I'm not a bad guy. If you are worried about me taking the credit, don't worry. If you're worried about me taking the credit, don't worry about it. I'm good at assisting. I'm good at that."

This is not because Qin Zhong used some mind-reading ability. Instead, he made psychological guesses purely by analyzing the micro-expressions on Zhuo Yi's face. And then he got it right.

Zhuo Yi pursed his lips and said: "It's not impossible for you to cooperate. But you must act according to my plan..."

"Of course. I will listen to you." Qin Zhong nodded.

"Then you and Ziyi can go pick up scraps together." Zhuo Yi ordered.

Let a Dao God-level cultivator pick up garbage. This is something Zhuo Yi did not expect.

He thought Qin Zhong would be angry. As a result, the other party seemed to be in an unusually good mood. It didn't look like he was picking up garbage at all. Instead, he felt like he was shopping for treasure.

Zhuo Yi was shocked again.

Suddenly I regretted just agreeing to join Qin Zhong...

Why does he always feel like he's crazy when he gets on board?

Less than a quarter of an hour passed. Zhou Ziyi and Qin Zhong returned at the same time.

"Master, the storage bag is basically full. They all look usable," Zhou Ziyi said. He basically picked out the stumps that looked new and didn't have much dust. A total of one was picked up. Hundreds of storage bags are filled. Full of results.

After saying that, he looked at Qin Zhong: "So, brother Qin Zhong, how many did you pick up?"

Qin Zhong took out a piece of gray stuff from his storage bag with a smile on his face. There was a stench of engine oil on it. It looked like lotus roots that had just been unearthed from the mud.

"Oh, this... Can you sell it for money...?"

Zhou Ziyi said doubtfully.

Qin Zhong, on the other hand, is very confident in himself. The smile on his face does not diminish: "You will know after it is repaired."

...

About a while passed.

The three of them brought the mechanical arm that had been repaired by Zhuo Yi using {Repair LightÂ·Household Appliances Edition} to a shop that sells and recycles mechanical limbs. Qin Zhong took a look at the name of the shop: Boss Ge's Mechanical Limb Shop. I suddenly had mixed feelings in my heart.

As soon as I entered the shop, the fat shop owner was counting the money in the container. He seemed to be mumbling something.

He stared at the account book and was puzzled. He looked distressed: "I just sold goods for 2,000 yuan. Why hasn't the cash in the cabinet changed? Is it because I haven't learned functions well? My math teacher is now in poor health. It's obviously pretty good..."

"Boss, do you want to recycle the robotic arm?" Zhuo Yi asked at this moment.

The fat shop owner immediately put down what he was doing and smiled again with a smile on his face: "What do you three want to sell?"

Zhuo Yi handed over Zhou Ziyi's bag first: "100 robot arms. The models and styles are all different. Boss, let's make a decision. I hope to offer a suitable price. If you're selling them as a package. It won't hurt to give them to the boss for a cheaper price."

He had an old-fashioned look. He didn't feel guilty at all like an outsider.

The fat boss was stunned for a moment. Then he turned around and poured the mechanical arm of the storage bag into the huge columnar machine at the rear.

Buzz!--

After the scanning red beam lasted for more than ten seconds, the 100 robotic arms were compiled into a long list and pulled out from the ticket spit below.

"As expected. They are all old models."

The fat boss sighed. He presented the list to Zhuo Yi and showed it: "Sir, look, my machine is connected to the Internet. 99% of all models of robotic arms are almost there. Just scan it and you'll have it."

He talked nonstop.

"Specific model, year of production, manufacturer, including price at the time of production and current market price."

"Although your batch of robotic arms looks very new. It looks like it has never been used. However, it can only be slightly higher than the normal recycling price. 100 pieces. I will give you 5,000 silver gear coins at most."

"This is only 5,000?" Zhuo Yi frowned.

It seems that the idea of making a fortune by repairing broken robotic arms is a bit unsuccessful.

He probably knew that what the boss said was a bit exaggerated. But from a business perspective, there was nothing wrong with the boss being prudent.

Normally it would be sold for more than 5,000.

Maybe the boss quoted a little low. But Zhuo Yi speculated that the difference was only a few thousand yuan.

Is he short of a few thousand yuan? He wants to become a wealthy person here by selling robotic arms! He has to earn 100 million first before he can do anything!

So Zhuo Yi was too lazy to bargain. He directly agreed to sell this bag of robotic arms.

The boss directly took out five 1,000-yuan banknotes from the cabinet and handed them to Zhuo Yi. There were silver gears painted on them and an exclusive anti-counterfeiting seal. Psychic fluctuations told Zhuo Yi .This is not a counterfeit note.

Because the workmanship of counterfeit banknotes cannot be that complicated. Anti-counterfeiting seals are also deliberately arranged.

"Thank you for your patronage!"

After accepting the robotic arm of the sack, the shop owner smiled from ear to ear.

This time the price difference fluctuated. He had a net profit of about 3,000 silver gear coins.

At this moment, Zhuo Yi said again: "Wait a minute. I still have a robotic arm here. I want to ask the boss to see how much it is worth."

"There are more?" The store owner's eyes lit up: "How many more are there?"

Zhuo Yi stretched out a finger and said with a smile: "1."

This is the one that Qin Zhong found. He also repaired it just now.

And when the robotic arm excavated by Qin Zhong was restored, Zhuo Yi was also a little surprised. Because it was a robotic arm made of bronze, and it looked very bulky.

He doesn't understand the value of the robotic arm. He's just a layman. He doesn't believe Qin Zhong understands either.

This bronze arm obviously doesn't look very valuable. But Qin Zhong has always been full of confidence from the beginning to now.

"Boss. How much is it?" Qin Zhong's smile was still full of sunshine.

In fact, when Zhuo Yi showed this bronze arm, the fat boss's eyes immediately changed.

Different from the previous operation of pouring a storage bag of robotic arms into the cylindrical scanner, he took out a single-sided magnifying glass and a strong flashlight from his small drawer. He carefully inspected the entire bronze arm.

After the whole store was quiet for several minutes.

The fat boss suddenly exclaimed, "Bravo! Splended! This... How did this get here?"

Zhuo Yi, Zhou Ziyi: "???"

Zhuo Yi: "Why doesn't the boss put it into the machine for identification?"

Fat Boss: "Bronze arms are rare. This is exactly what I said before. The backend library cannot scan 1% of the models."

Zhou Ziyi: "Is the workmanship very fine?"

The fat boss shook his head and exclaimed: "No...it's not so much the workmanship, but its collection value!"

After saying that, the fat boss suddenly realized that something was wrong.

He also wanted to pretend to be calm and deceive the bronze arm from Zhuo Yi at a cheap price.

But after he saw this robotic arm, he couldn't hold back his excitement.

"This one. If my vision is correct, it should be...a thousand years ago. The Bdwin-46 Royal Deluxe Limited Edition robotic arm produced by the CJG Robotic Arm Factory!"

He said excitedly: "Look! This robotic arm! It's also engraved with the signatures of hundreds of wealthy gentry family patriarchs in the core area! It's carved in small characters! You need to use a magnifying glass to see it clearly! After a thousand years, I'm afraid this bronze The value of an arm is hard to estimate."

"..."

"Brother Qin Zhong is so strong..."

Zhuo Yi and Zhou Ziyi were completely dumbfounded.

This...

God dug it and found a limited edition stick...

"So, boss, you can't trade?" At this time, Qin Zhong took up the topic and asked.

"Hey. To be honest, it's not that I don't want to buy it. It's this bronze arm. Except for the rich families in the core area, I'm afraid no store in the outer ring can accept it."

The fat boss smiled helplessly and spread his hands: "We are just poor people. If it doesn't work, the three gentlemen can give it a try."

Qin Zhong held his chin up and thought briefly.

If it is true, as the store owner said, that this bronze arm can only be recovered in the core area with the same amount of financial resources, then it is equivalent to being trapped in an infinite loop.

The purpose of making money for the three of them is to sneak into the depths of the outer slums by buying legal identities through the power of money.

Zhuo Yi and Zhou Ziyi were silent. Both of them tacitly wanted to see what Qin Zhong would choose.

At this moment, Qin Zhong raised his head again after thinking for a while.

He showed a disappointed look. There was no trace of acting at all: "Hey. So, this baby is going to fall into my hands?"

The fat boss smiled in his heart.

He knew. It was his chance!

"Actually, if you are willing to sell it, it's not that I can't buy it... But I have warned you, sir, in advance. Given the value of this treasure, it is not cost-effective to spend it on us. Our recycling price will definitely be far lower than Core area."

"How much can be opened in the core area?"

"They. I think they should give you at least 1 million."

"One million silver gear coins?" Zhou Ziyi asked.

"No. It's 1 million gold gear coins! Converted at 1:100. It's equivalent to 100 million silver gear coins!" said the fat boss.

"Then how much can you give?" Qin Zhong asked.

"I... I can probably only give you 100,000 at most... and it's silver gear coins." The fat boss scratched his head and said.

"The gap is indeed a bit big." Qin Zhong laughed: "Let's do this, boss. If you are willing to accept it, I can sell it to you. We are short of money recently."

The fat boss was immediately stunned. He couldn't believe his ears: "What? You...are you willing to sell it to me?"

"But you also know that these 100,000 silver gear coins must have been undersold. In addition to money, I think you should also give us some subsidies. What do you think?" Qin Zhong narrowed his eyes and smiled.

"This..."

The fat boss thought for a moment and said, "Well, let's do this. If you are willing to sell it, I will give you tickets to tonight's underground boxing match! I got reliable news tonight. The favorite, Jian Xiaoqiang, will face off against that master Niu Baoguo!" Master Niu Baoguo is bound to win! If the bet is successful, according to the odds, you can get 1 million silver gear coins at once!"

"Must win?"

Qin Zhong smiled: "The boxing match hasn't started yet. It's just hearsay. I don't believe it."

At this time, the fat boss gritted his teeth and decided to adopt a method that seemed a bit gambling, but was actually the most profitable method for him: "Then let's do this. I will give you 50 more lottery opportunities for free. You have also seen it." Although my shop is not big, it does have some top-notch goods. Whether you can get it or not depends on your luck."

As he spoke, he pressed the switch button on the counter and sealed the door of the store on the spot.

Along with the sound of gears turning, the hidden mechanism display cabinet inside the store was displayed in front of everyone.

This is his collection of robotic arms. There are hundreds of them in total.

"These are the items I keep at the bottom of the box. Generally, they are not easily displayed to the outside world."

He pointed to his hidden display cabinet and said: "The penultimate floor above is the SS area. Almost all of them have just been eliminated from the core area. However, the average selling price here is 100,000 silver gear coins."

"The next grid is area S. The average selling price is 50,000 silver gear coins."

"The average selling price in area A is 10,000 yuan. The rest are B products worth several thousand yuan and C products worth only a few hundred yuan."

After the fat boss finished speaking, he turned around and carefully took out the bronze arm from the cabinet and placed it on the top of the display cabinet: "For so many years, I have been wondering if there are any SSR-level goods..."

Zhuo Yi, Zhou Ziyi: "..."

"So what do you mean, boss?"

"It's a lottery! All the robotic arms in my shop. As long as you are willing to sell me this bronze arm, I will let you draw! Including the one you sold me!"

The fat boss said excitedly: "There are many small iron balls in the hand box over there! Black is C. Gray represents B. Silver is A. Gold is S. Purple gold represents SS...and the one representing SSR is jade. ball."

"That's it." Qin Zhong nodded thoughtfully.

"How about. In a word, do you dare to take a gamble with me? If this bronze arm is destined to you, you might be able to pull it back again."

The fat boss continued to trick Qin Zhong into participating in this bet.

He looked confident. He was almost sure that if Qin Zhong got the upper hand, he would definitely not be able to draw him.

The store's lottery routine is always the same. The prizes are very attractive, but the probability is slim.

There are one hundred thousand small balls in his hand box.

Distributed according to proportion. Most of the balls are gray and black balls. The total number of silver balls representing A and gold balls representing S is only 100. The purple and gold balls of SS are 10.

Of course, the most outrageous thing is the SSR jade ball that the shop owner just made on a whim.

There is only 1 ball out of 100,000...

While talking, he deliberately opened the hand-cranked box and showed the key jade ball to Qin Zhong, Zhuo Yi and Zhou Ziyi. Then he added two more to the box. Put one in: "I'll add two more for you! Is that interesting?"

"Excuse me boss... Is there no other alternative? Do we really have to do a lottery?" Qin Zhong asked repeatedly.

"No more. We're poor. We can only bet on our luck."

The fat boss laughed: "If you don't sell it, I'm going to find another store. It's probably a lottery for you too."

"Ha. All right. I'll draw." Qin Zhong laughed.

The fat boss was delighted: "You mean..."

Qin Zhong nodded: "Yes. I'm selling this bronze arm to you. But if I get something good, boss, please don't default on it."

The fat boss smiled slyly: "Don't worry. They are all serious businessmen."

The words just fell.

The two of them sneered in unison at the same time.

Qin Zhong: "Ah...this fool!"

Fat Boss: "Ah...this fool!"

The probability is 3/100,000. I will let you draw 50 times. Can you beat me?





Chapter 1646 Zhuo Yi! Danger!


In less than ten minutes, Zhuo Yi the three of them had already left the pigeon owner's shop with a full load of goods.

The fat boss stood at the door and stared in astonishment. He felt like a walking zombie without a soul.

His shop is empty...

All valuable things were taken away by Qin Zhong in one wave, including the bronze arm Qin Zhong had just sold to him.

The amount of this wave of losses. The valuation has exceeded 1.1 million silver gear coins! The loss went directly to his grandma's family!

Zhou Ziyi: "Brother Qin Zhong is so awesome...he actually got the jade ball first! You are so lucky, right?"

"Maybe it's not just my luck. Maybe you are more lucky, Ziyi. I was picking up trash with you just now, and I just picked up the bronze arm." Qin Zhong said very modestly.

In fact, he didn't want to go that far.

But who made this boss have to compete with him in the lottery just to cheat his bronze arm...

While he was drawing the prize, he watched the boss next to him turn into the color of pig liver. Out of concern for the boss's health, he let go of his hand and let Zhou Ziyi and Zhuo Yi help him draw a few rounds.

But it's a pity that his luck radiation is too powerful, which directly leads to Zhou Ziyi and Zhuo Yi's good luck.

The three people took turns. Shipments came one after another. Nearly 99% of the gray and black balls. Fifty times of lottery. Not even once...

The mechanism of luck radiation began a long time ago. As the only koi carp in the world of cultivation, Qin Zhong himself has continued to practice. The passive ability of luck radiation has now reached the point of precise radiation.

In other words, as long as it is an object that Qin Zhong subconsciously lists as an "enemy", even if Qin Zhong is present, the luck radiation will not radiate to that person.

So the pigeon boss was in bad luck.

However, this also reminded Qin Zhong of another thing.

That means he now indeed regards Zhuo Yi and Zhou Ziyi as his teammates.

"It's strange...it's obviously just the first time we've met, but why does it feel so familiar..." Qin Zhong muttered in his heart.

He also discovered this problem.

I feel like there is an underlying tacit understanding between myself and Zhuo Yi, Zhou Ziyi.

This feeling of tacit understanding is amazing. Especially between him and Zhuo Yi. They both feel this way. But they can't explain why.

Judging from Zhuo Yi's always rigorous attitude, it was obviously the first time he met Qin Zhong, but he directly agreed to cooperate with this stranger. This is by no means his inherent style.

It's a pity that this time, it happens to be a special case.

Because he felt that Qin Zhong was inexplicably kind and had an indescribable sense of intimacy.

But he didn't show it. He still looked cautious. But the guard in his heart was somewhat lowered...

"I did the math. If we win tonight's underground fight. We'll have a starting capital of over 3 million dollars in silver gear. If we can enter the core area and sell this bronze arm. We'll become landlords." Qin Zhong laughed...

"Heh. Just so-so." Zhuo Yi nodded calmly.

In fact, he also discovered the problem of luck.

Although Qin Zhong just blamed Zhou Ziyi's good luck, in fact, the changes in this luck are still obvious.

Zhuo Yi knows that he has never been a European emperor... Although his current career is pretty good. But if he gets lucky occasionally, he cannot be called a real European emperor.

The real European Emperor is the kind of person who always has good luck no matter what he does!

He had three orders of 648 last night, and he only got three bets!

How can he be called the European Emperor...

As for Zhou Ziyi. Not to mention.

Obviously, he was not a lucky person who was born with great luck. Otherwise, his leg would not have been so miserable that it was amputated when he was a child.

So based on Zhuo Yi's judgment, the real problem probably lies with Qin Zhong.

"This man... his luck is really weird..." Zhuo Yi marveled sadly in his heart. However, he did not show it. Instead, he planned to observe further.

"Brother Zhuo. I thought we were in the same boat after what happened. You and I are already a team. But why are you so hostile to me? Is there something I'm doing wrong?" Qin Zhong looked at Zhuo Yi with a soft smile on his arm.

With this celebrity-like face and such a smile, ordinary girls simply can't stand it.

Zhuo Yi had to be thankful that he didn't bring Jiugong Liangzi with him.

Maybe my daughter-in-law was abducted...

"You don't think we're friends anymore. It's just a simple cooperative relationship." Zhuo Yi's voice was cold. The expression on his face was not sad nor happy. It looks like he's angry. In fact , he is not. There's even a bit of an empty well in his heart.

As soon as this attitude was revealed, Qin Zhong suddenly laughed out loud: "Brother Zhuo... you are not a tsundere, are you?"

Zhuo Yi widened his eyes. His face was horrified: "That's nonsense! I don't understand!"

Zhou Ziyi couldn't help laughing when she heard this.

In fact, he felt a little bit.

After all, he had lived with Zhuo Yi for a while. He knew that Zhuo Yi's personality was not that tough. So it seemed unnatural to suddenly become tough.

Of course. With Zhou Ziyi's smart little mind, how could he never imagine that Zhuo Yi had such a cold attitude towards Qin Zhong. In fact, it was out of caution.

But now Zhuo Yi. This feeling of inconsistency is really similar to that of his master's wife Jiugong Liangzi.

He couldn't help but sigh in wonder.

Tsk...

They are indeed a couple.

After living together for a while, even their personalities have become assimilated!

I saw Zhou Ziyi snickering on the side.

Qin Zhong knew that his "nonsense" was probably right again.

Immediately, he raised the corners of his lips and said, "Let's go. I won't talk about this. It hurts your temper. I'll treat you to a drink."

Then he stretched out his hand and pushed Zhuo Yi and Zhou Ziyi's backs towards a road.

Zhuo Yi: "Do you know the way? Don't walk blindly..."

Qin Zhong smiled: "I don't know. But it must be the right way!"

Zhuo Yi: "..."

Such honeyed confidence again...

And now Zhuo Yi seems to have begun to understand Qin Zhong's confidence. Maybe this guy himself knows that he is a very lucky person!

Luck-type cultivator?

Are there such people in this world?

Zhuo Yi was stunned.

I pushed Zhuo Yi and Zhou Ziyi a few steps away. Within sight, a shabby-looking canteen actually appeared. The three of them were selling drinks that they had never seen before.

Although the drinks are different, the types of drinks are still similar. Even the marketing campaign routines are different from those in the outside world.

"Young man, what are you drinking? There's been a soda promotion recently."

"Then buy a bottle of soda."

Qin Zhong nodded. Then he pointed at a bottle of drink that looked a lot like Feizhai Happy Water.

Zhuo Yi laughed: "Aren't you going to buy us a drink? That should be spent with your own money, right?"

Qin Zhong nodded: "Of course. I will do what I say."

Then he unscrewed the cap of the drink bottle in front of his boss.

The boss pushed up his glasses. He squinted and saw the words under the bottle cap.

[Another bottle]...

The boss also laughed when he saw this. He took the cap and said, "Forget it. You're in luck, young man. You don't have to pay. This bottle is for you."

An unexpected situation. Qin Zhong nodded with satisfaction.

Then he reached out again and took two more bottles of soda from the shelf.

Boss: "You have to pay me 2 Silver Gear Coins, young man."

Qin Zhong smiled. Then he unscrewed the caps of the two bottles of soda and gave them to the boss.

Two more [one more bottle]...

"This..." The boss had an incredible expression on his face.

The chance of having another bottle of soda is obviously only 1%!

Three bottles were released in a row?

"Thank you, boss. I wish you a prosperous business." Qin Zhong politely thanked the boss.

Then he handed the opened bottle of soda to Zhuo Yi and Zhou Ziyi, fulfilling his promise.

Zhuo Yi took a sip and tasted it carefully. The soda in the slums of the science and technology city was actually orange-flavored. It actually gave off the taste of my childhood.

He looked at Qin Zhong and asked with a smile: "Do you often avoid paying bills like this?"

Qin Zhong shrugged: "Zhuo. You call this running away? It's just a little bit of luck..."

He knew that what he did was actually a bit unkind, so he gave the bureau boss his blessing when he left.

Based on his blessing, the sales volume of this canteen owner in recent years should continue to break records.

Zhuo Yi: "I can see your ability. Good luck. But why don't you pay and then twist the bottle cap? It's very inconvenient to drink without a cap!"

Qin Zhong: "On the one hand, it's because you said you won't spend our money. You want me to pay for it myself. This is of course the best way. On the other hand... open the lid directly. It's actually for the boss's benefit."

Zhuo Yi, Zhou Ziyi: "???"

Qin Zhong sighed: "Have you ever experienced what it feels like to empty out all the drinks in the supermarket with the price of a bottle of drinks?"

Zhuo Yi, Zhou Ziyi: "..."

Zhou Ziyi: "Down below, are you going to the boxing ring?"

Qin Zhong nodded and smiled brightly: "Of course! This is an opportunity to make more money in our hands!"

Zhuo Yi secretly rolled his eyes.

I thought, "Who are we?"

...

And just when Zhuo Yi the three of them were preparing to go to the underground boxing ring, not far from the three of them, three people wearing cloaks appeared here. One of the bodies under the cloak. Still trembling slightly...

"I knew...I knew..." Jiugong Liangzi didn't expect it.

She had just found Zhuo Yi. She saw three people buying drinks from afar.

However, she was not in a hurry to recognize each other.

I chose to follow behind secretly.

As a result, I saw the scene just now again...

The pretty boy who newly appeared next to Zhuo Yi spoke in an ambiguous tone. He kept saying "our money" and "our money." Jiugong Liangzi felt bad after hearing this.

"Liangzi...you have to calm down. It may not be what you think."Sun Rong held his head.

"Originally, the original promise was just to bring Ziyi over. He brought Ziyi over. Why is there an extra man next to him?" It can be seen that Jiugong Liangzi is very angry now.

"Just a man..."

"That's why you don't understand Rongrong! The pressure of competition on us girls is actually huge! It's not enough to just protect against women! You have to raise your awareness!"

"..."

"Tell me, would a normal man twist the cap of a drink bottle for another man? Zhuo Yi is not a girl. And he would twist the cap for him... doesn't he have any hands himself!"

Jiugong Liangzi said angrily: "And... and that person just now seems to have said, our money? What our money! This Zhuo Yi. actually dated a third man outside without telling me. He didn't tell me. He even keeps a small treasury privately! If he is short of money, he can ask me for it! He can ask for as much as he wants! It's not like I don't have anything..."

"Liangzi...calm down first..."

Sun Rong couldn't help but laugh. She thought Jiugong Liangzi was too sensitive: "Jin Deng senior. Please help me persuade her..."

Under the cloak, the monk's voice was cold: "Monks, I have already seen through the mortal world. This worldly love and love. Please forgive me, I don't understand."

"..."

Hearing that. Sun Rong could only sigh. Looking at Jiugong Liangzi, Sun Rong consoled Liangzi: "Liangzi. Don't be anxious. It's all in your head now. We still don't know the exact situation. I think they were talking about some kind of boxing match? Do you want to follow them?"

"That's okay." Jiugong Liangzi nodded: "But the currency in this world is a bit different from ours. It doesn't seem to work if we don't have any money at all. In that kind of place, you shouldn't be allowed to enter without money, right?"

"Let me think about it..." Sun Rong is currently having a headache in this regard.

It was a legal way to make quick money in this world in a short period of time. In fact, she had been thinking about it since she entered the Virtual Realm and discovered that the currency was not universal.

At this time, Monk Jin Deng suddenly said: "Look, someone seems to be posting notices over there."

Sun Rong frowned: "It seems like a wanted order?"

"A wanted warrant? Speaking of which, there should be a reward for the wanted warrant, right?" Jiugong Liangzi's eyes lit up.

With a sense of excitement, the three people gathered in front of the wanted poster and began to look at it carefully.

According to the police wanted notice in Science and Technology City.

This is a fraud combination of middle-aged men.

He used a trick to defraud a shop owner out of 2,000 silver gear coins.

However, currently only the sketch is provided based on the victim's description. Since the sketch cannot identify personal information through the database, it is suspected that he is a gangster or has disguised his appearance.

Anyone who can provide specific information or clues will be rewarded with 20,000 silver gear coins...

Jiugong Liangzi looked at it and suddenly felt that these two portraits seemed a bit familiar; "Rongrong, do you think that these two people seemed a bit familiar."

This sentence was like an enlightenment. It instantly knocked Sun Rong awake.

She was horrified.

Isn't this a somewhat similar question?

These are simply Li Xian and Zhang Zhui!

PS: I plan to achieve results at the end of the year. Please give me your help.





Chapter 1647 5 Lightning Whips


Although Jiugong Liangzi didn't want to admit it, she did feel a little bit irrational at this moment. When she thought about Zhuo Yi, she felt that she could no longer think about the problem normally.

Arriving at the door of the nearest police station, the three of them stopped in front of the door.

By establishing a team chat window, Sun Rong and Jiugong Liangzi achieved spiritual communication between the two girls. This ensured that it would not be heard by irrelevant people.

Sun Rong: "Liangzi. Do you really want to go in and report Senior Li Xian and Senior Zhang Zhui..."

Jiugong Liangzi sighed: "I...actually don't want to, especially Senior Li Xian. He is the benefactor of our Jiugong family. But, these are extraordinary times."

"But have you ever thought about it. Even if we sell two seniors, for just tens of thousands of dollars, the people in this underground boxing ring won't even take a look..."

Cloak Underground. Sun Rong looked helpless. Although she didn't understand the rules of the underground boxing ring.

But with her basic understanding of the elite circles, such a place was opened underground because it was not popular. And the admission conditions are also very demanding.

Otherwise, you are extremely rich. Maybe you can make an exception.

So just like that, the scene fell into silence again.

About a few minutes later, two service-type intelligent robot police officers outside the police station carried out a man covered in blood on a stretcher from an off-road police vehicle.

The man's body was covered with blood-stained bandages. His entire right arm had been broken. The wiring inside was exposed, and sparks kept making sizzling sounds.

Inside the police station, a middle-aged man with a big belly wearing a brown windbreaker and chewing a cigar walked out. His lower body was very strange. He had no legs, but two tracks... resembling a humanoid tank.

As soon as the man appeared, all the smart robot policemen in the car saluted him: "Director Ducas!"

The middle-aged man waved his hand, blew out a puff of smoke, and looked at the man under him. The expression on his face was a bit resentful: "How many rounds has he lasted to?"

"We're on to the fourth round. Unfortunately, we still can't make it through." Robot Police replied.

Their voices have an electronic sound effect. It feels very funny when they speak. But when faced with answers, their reaction speed is amazing. It's like Zhenren.

"It's a pity. We still have one round left to get in. I'm afraid I won't be able to play in this restaurant. It's boring."

In the middle-aged man's sigh, the sound of electricity sizzling out from the person on the stretcher just disappeared. He breathed his last completely.

On the side. The two girls, Sun Rong and Jiugong Liangzi, felt sick at heart.

Aohai's healing sword energy only has an effect on humans. When half of the tissues in a cyborg's body are mechanical, Sun Rong has no choice at all.

"Why don't you send him to the clinic first?"

"The doctors at the scene judged that there was no hope of recovery. The clinic was in short supply of spare parts. The treatment was not good and it was taking up resources."

"That's pitiful." The middle-aged man said, "That's all. Just send him home. In addition, the pension stipulated in the contract must be paid."

"Understood. Director." Then, two mechanical policemen carried a stretcher and put the poor dead man back into the car.

Seeing the police car leaving. The middle-aged man named Dekas suddenly turned his head to look at the three Sun Rongs at the side: "You three. Are you also here to prove yourselves as my fighters? What's the matter ? Seeing a dead man. Are you too scared to speak?"

He laughed: "You're kidding. I don't expect two girls to box for me. This guy next to me looks thin and tender. He doesn't look like a trainer. Are you three brothers and sisters?"

Jiugong Liangzi objected awkwardly: "They are not brothers and sisters. They are just purely curious about the boxing ring. I remember, isn't it the decisive battle between Mr. Jian Xiaoqiang and Mr. Niu Baoguo tonight? The semi-finals are over, right?"

She tried to talk.

Unexpectedly, the man named Ducas not only did not find it troublesome, but actually found it interesting for a girl to inquire about such things.

He took a puff on his cigar. He said, "You women know nothing of the pleasures of the rich and powerful. What would you know of the joys that the rich and powerful have. Before the final, there's a kickboxing tournament. You' ll have to play five rounds to qualify. And then a pre-match with last year's champion."

"Because the fight is for life. One of the two people must die. The person just signed a life-and-death contract with me and was sent over."

"Is that person doing it for his family?"

"In such a slum, it's natural for livelihood considerations. The debt their family owes. If he hadn't stood up to fight this battle for me, I'm afraid it wouldn't be a big deal at all."

Ducas smiled mockingly: "But it's a pity. We have already reached the fourth level. If we can break through the fifth level and challenge last year's Kickboxing King and win, we will get a full 6 million bonus. We can jump out of this slum in one fell swoop. !"

"6 million? Silver gear coins?"

"No! It's the Golden Gear Coin!"

Ducas's voice got louder: "And it's not just the 6 million! There is also a pass to the core area! I made an agreement with the man just now. I will provide the registration funds and the entire cost. He will fight for me. If I win, I will win. Get three million. The remaining three million and the pass are mine!"

"That's it." Sun Rong and Jiugong Liangzi nodded.

They figured out the general situation.

And judging from the director's narration, this person is not too bad...

At least he fulfilled his promise to the man on the stretcher.

"So. That final was just a betting fun for the poor. This life-and-death match is the most exciting!"

"However, last year's kicking champion was very strong. I think he will flourish this year. Because until now, no one has passed the fifth level. If no one can challenge him, he will lie down and enter the core area.

"Then who was last year's best player?" Sun Rong asked.

"Actually, last year's Kick-Kick King was none other than Mr. Niu Baoguo's master, Hu Baoguo. Last year, he single-handedly challenged the five major masters arranged by the powerful circle. He only used one move to defeat the Kick-Kick King of the year before. Kill!"

"One move?"

"Yes! A move! It is said that when he used it, it was so fast that people couldn't see his movements... By the time he reacted, the person was already at the bottom. Those who were watching at the scene only felt that there was thunder, lightning, and thunder in front of them. !"

"..."

"And this move is also called by him!--Five Lightning Whips!"

"..."

The more Ducas talked, the more excited he became. Veins popped up on his forehead. He had to rub his temples, which were twitching with excitement: "Sorry. I was too excited by accident. I talked too much with you girls."

"Mr. Director, can you let me try?"

At this moment, Jiugong Liangzi took the initiative to stand up.

This initiative made Sun Rong and the Monk's eyes twitch.

I didn't expect Jiugong Liangzi to do this...

Of course. Jiugong Liangzi has this confidence. He is not just giving his head away.

She had just estimated the level of strength of the seriously injured man. It felt like he was at the peak of the late Golden Core.

If the ghost talisman on her body is added, she might be qualified to challenge it on her own. If not, Monk Jin Deng will be behind to guarantee it. It is very stable.

"You?" Ducas laughed: "A woman shouldn't join in the fun...even though you don't look like a woman."

Jiugong Liangzi's forehead veins twitched: "What do you mean?"

Ducas hehe: "Of course I mean your breasts are so flat. You can hardly be considered a woman. Forget about the Martial Arts Competition."

As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly felt a strong negative air wave in front of him!

Jiugong Liangzi mobilized the power of the ghost talisman. He struck the ground heavily with his lowered fist. What he imagined in his mind was the scene of Zhuo Yi cheating... and cheating with a man!

Such a double rage coupled with Ducas's accurate lightning strike caused Jiugong Liangzi to explode in an instant with unparalleled explosive destructive power.

"Boom!"

The ground in front of the police station was smashed by Jiugong Liangzi into a deep pit of more than ten meters. The ground nearby was cracked. It was like an earthquake.

"hiss!--"

This scene made Sun Rong and monk Jin Deng gasp at the same time.

The woman in "Caught in the act"... I'm sure it's horrible...

The most horrifying thing is naturally the director Ducas.

After being stunned for less than three seconds, his face instantly became filled with surprise: "Hahahaha! I didn't expect that! I, Ducas, also made a mistake one day! This girl, I'm sorry for my gaffe just now." I shouldn't look down on you and attack you..." (Although. Ducas doesn't think Jiugong Liangzi will be able to grow breasts in the future... As a man who has met countless people, he has experience in this area. He basically sees it at a glance. Understood...)

Jiugong Liangzi patted the dust on his hands and looked at Ducas: "There is no need for a life and death contract. Anyway, I will definitely win. But after winning, the pass will be yours. The prize money. I want five million gold."

"Interesting." Ducas laughed: "Well, that's what we have agreed! But there are less than five hours left before the finals start. This means that you have to challenge five levels in a row."

"But there's a problem. Five levels plus the winner of last year's tournament, right? l Jiugong, am not afraid."

"So your name is Jiugong."

Ducas' eyes darted around: "Here's the deal. I'll give you a new fake identity. You can call yourself Gong. No one uses their real name in that underground boxing ring. They all have fake identities when they go in."

"Then can you get one for my sister and brother?" Jiugong Liangzi asked.

"Oh, so those are your sister and brother behind you? I see. Since it's Jiugong... Oh, no. It's Ms. Gong's request. I'll do as I'm told! Wait for me here. I'll have a new ID card made right away." Ducas was thrilled. Rolling on his tracks, he rushed into the station.

Jiugong Liangzi saw him leave. Hastily looking back at Jin Deng, Liangzi looked at the leading monk with a kind of pleading gaze: "Senpai... Can you... Can you... help me...? Can you enlighten me a little bit?"

Jin Deng: "..."

He knew this was going to happen...





Chapter 1648 Zhuo Yi's ominous premonition


The entrance to the underground boxing ring in the slums of Science and Technology City is at the entrance of a deep alley on the Fifth Ring Road street. There is a closed manhole cover in the depth. After opening the manhole cover, you will find the entrance.

And at the entrance of this alley is a mechanical cultivator holding a gun.

These strong men blocked the door and covered their mouths tightly. They looked like a human wall, adding a layer of mystery to this restricted area.

When Zhuo Yi arrived here. They were all receiving glances from these people.

Zhuo Yi shrank his neck. There was a vague premonition...

It's not that I'm afraid of these strong men with big heads and thick necks. It's that I feel an inexplicable coldness behind them.

And this was not the first time he had felt this coldness.

It has actually appeared vaguely since I bought drinks.

Until now. It's getting stronger and stronger...

After showing the betting ticket leading to the underground, one of the strong men spoke. His voice was thick and low, without any emotion at all: "One ticket. You can only enter two at most."

Qin Zhong became wise in his desperation. He took out a silver gear coin from his pocket. He showed his white teeth and smiled and said: "Brother, why don't you be accommodating. I was also introduced by a friend. Come here to play. I don't know if I can still buy it."

The strong man took the money and smelled the aroma.

This silver gear coin is worth one hundred thousand. For Zhuo Yi and others who are in urgent need of funds, it is actually a large amount of money.

But Qin Zhong was unusually generous. He immediately raised his lips and said, "If this eldest brother doesn't dislike it, just share it with the brothers."

The paralyzed strong man smiled coldly: "You are still a man of etiquette. Then come in."

Then, he just winked and the other strong men gave way directly.

"So he's the boss here?" Qin Zhong knew it in his heart when he saw this scene.

The three of them had just walked into the alley from the human wall. He found that the strong man who had collected the money had also come in. As if he wanted to say something to him: "Is this your first time here, sir?"

"Yes. It's the first time." Qin Zhong answered truthfully.

"The betting odds for the final are 1:6. Most people think Jian Xiaoqiang will win. But it's no fun to bet on the final."

The big man said in a gruff voice: "If it's your first time here, sir. I suggest that you play the tournament handicap. The odds are 1:60, but the entry fee for this game. It's 1 million silver gear coins. I see you're so generous. Do you want to play an exciting game?"

Hearing this, Qin Zhong's eyes lit up.

He just gave a 100,000 tip to the strong man, and he still has 1 million left!

Zhuo Yi, Zhou Ziyi followed Qin Zhong. He sighed in his heart.

All these coincidences are simply natural...as if they were designed...

Zhuo Yi Now found out. Qin Zhong may not just be lucky.

He might be the embodiment of luck or maybe...

Sixty times the odds! If they can win! They can get 60 million Silver Gear Coins!

Qin Zhong's face was full of interest: "Then how are we going to get in?"

The strong man showed an ugly smile. He walked directly to the innermost place and opened a manhole cover hidden under the blanket: "Three gentlemen, come in from here. This is the VIP passage."

"That's it. Thank you." Qin Zhong nodded.

"You're welcome, sir. I wish you good fortune," the strong man said. He watched Qin Zhong and the others go in with a smile, and then covered the manhole cover and carpet again.

...

The underground boxing ring in the VIP area. It was a little different from Zhuo Yi, Qin Zhong imagined.

These people are brightly dressed. Just from their dress and appearance, they have escaped the aura of poverty.

Zhuo Yi frowned slightly: "These people are from the core area..."

He could probably guess something from the scene before him.

The final plate is only 1:6. In the final analysis, it is just a poor man's plate... and this Martial Arts Competition is the real big plate. It is a place for the rich and powerful to find excitement.

Betting service desk.

Many people are talking about the Martial Arts Competition. "Hey, it was a pity for the man earlier. He reached the fourth level. But he was beaten up and carried away by the attention of the fourth level."

"Who can fight with a sword? I am the Tiger General! In my opinion, this year's Martial Arts Competition, Hu Baoguo will definitely win." A middle-aged man with a big belly laughed with a sinister face. He pinched A tall wine glass. While talking carelessly, he shook the red wine in his hand.

"Don't get too excited, Mr. Zhong. The game is not over yet." An aristocrat with big red lipstick smiled coldly.

"There are only 4 hours and 52 minutes left before the deadline for betting. If you want to challenge last year's championship through five levels in less than five hours, I think it is impossible." This middle-aged man named Mr. Zhu He let out a wild laugh without concealing it.

He is a supporter of last year's Martial Arts Competition winner Hu Baoguo.

At that time last year, Hu Baoguo was spotted by a person who wanted to "ascend" from the slums. He was provided with the initial capital to participate in the Martial Arts Competition.

The so-called "ascended people" are those who have accumulated a certain amount of money and want to escape poverty and move to the core area.

In the first two years of the Martial Arts Competition, there were ascendants who participated in the competition themselves, but ended up dying here.

Later, some "ascended ones" came up with a way.

That is to sign a fighter to compete for you.

After the game is completed, the ascendant gets the pass. The thugs get their own money.

With this money, the thugs will have the capital to continue competing in the second year.

And he can also become the champion for the second year.

Nowadays, the Martial Arts Competition has been held for dozens of times. This has become an unwritten rule.

And Ducas, the director who collaborated with Jiugong Liangzi, is actually one of the "Ascendants."

These people were chatting lively.

Zhuo Yi, Qin Zhong and Zhou Ziyi also heard some clues.

In other words, the new challenger needs to defeat five gatekeepers selected by the powerful. And only after all challenges are successful, can they challenge last year's kicking king.

The most important thing is that all the gatekeepers who guard the gate have spare tires. Once they are injured, they will be replaced by new people to guard the gate.

In other words, no matter who comes to challenge, the first five level masters faced will always be five people with full health, mana and full status.

"It sounds like it's not easy to handle. Do you really need to deposit it?" Zhuo Yi frowned. It was just based on his feeling. He also felt that this rule was too strict.

There are less than 5 hours left.

Challenge 6 people in a row.

Unless there is a huge gap in strength. But this is an almost impossible task.

Mr. Zhu also knew this very well. He laughed again: "As far as I know, there is still some spare money in the ten rings to fund the competition. That is the director named Ducas. But. It's a pity that the contracted thug he sent has died just now. There are less than five hours left. I don't necessarily want him to rush the ducks to the shelves. Can I just grab someone on the way?"

After the man finished speaking, there was a burst of laughter in the hall.

Qin Zhong ignored it. Instead, he walked towards the bet desk. He took out the storage bag where the money was placed and said, "Hello. Can I still bet now?"

"Of course sir." The waitress who made the bet showed a professional smile.

"Please protect me. This Mr. Hu Baoguo. Lose."

"Is that a bet, sir? I checked. There is one million Silver Gear Coins in your storage bag."

After the waitress finished speaking, many eyes were focused on Qin Zhong.

Qin Zhong smiled slightly: "Please put me in. Let's go."





Chapter 1649 9th Palace Liangzi's Anger and Jealousy


It was not a loud sound, but it attracted the attention of people around. There were less than five hours left. The thugs contracted by Director Ducas were all dead. There was almost no one with spare money in the entire ten rings. Fund the next fight.

Zhu Yuanrun was actually right. He is also a well-known figure in the elite circle in the core area. And he actually has some shares in this underground boxing ring.

What Zhu Yuanrun didn't expect was that someone would bet on Hu Baoguo after hearing his analysis?

In his opinion, this was simply impossible.

"Young man, you are quite powerful. This move is one million silver gear coins. I'm afraid this is the continuation of your life, right?" Zhu Yuanrun laughed. Although he was a little annoyed that some people did not listen to his analysis at this time. Forcibly Things that run counter to what he said.

But in fact, Qin Zhong bet on Hu Baoguo to lose. In fact, it was good for him.

Because he is the one who wins.

What you earn is this stable business.

After he was convinced that no one could challenge Hu Baoguo, he immediately increased the odds. He raised the odds to the current 1 because the financial odds were huge. Even 172 times, it was enough for him to make a lot of money.

Qin Zhong's bet only gave him another 1 million yuan.

He smiled coldly in his heart.

A charity sale like this that gives away money for free. He couldn't find it even with a lantern.

As a result, the words just fell out.

A deafening sound of gongs sounded in the VIP area.

"Someone beat the drum of war!"

On the screen in the hall, a thin figure wearing a jet black cloak and a mask was accompanied by two other cloaked people who also wore masks. He was smiling from ear to ear. Ducas caught everyone's attention.

"Ducas? Why is it him again... Didn't his contracted thug just..." Zhu Yuanrun and the surrounding dignitaries opened their mouths at the same time. Looking at this scene, they just felt a little unbelievable.

Hu Baoguo is one. Rumor has it that his strength is unfathomable. Although the entry list states that he is the peak of the late Golden Core, in fact this realm is just "fishing."

It makes people mistakenly think that Hu Baoguo is weak. This lowers the overall level of those contracted thugs. After all, the signing fee of each thug is based on his level.

For example, the Golden Core thug that Ducas hired earlier was hired based on the data on paper.

This was Zhu Yuanrun's secret operation.

But he didn't expect that this person didn't even get through the fourth level.

In fact, Hu Baoguo's strength lies in Soul Formation!

A Soul Formation can appear in the slums. Such a state is scary enough.

On the other hand, the guy Ducas found was so thin that he looked ridiculous...

In Zhu Yuanrun's opinion, it would be difficult to survive even the first three levels.

"This Ducas...is there something wrong with his brain? Why did he find such a short man to compete?" When Zhu Yuanrun said these words, Ducas entered with Sun Rong, Jiugong, and Jin Deng. to the venue.

As soon as he entered the venue, Jiugong Liangzi heard the voice of Zhu Yuanrun speaking nonsense.

Under the cloak, her body was trembling slightly.

This damn fat guy... actually said that she... that she was...

"Calm down. Liangzi... don't expose yourself. And this Ducas has indeed marked you as a boy in his fake identity. It's all for cover-up! Cover-up!" Sun Rong reminded her using the "team voice."

"..." Jiugong Liangzi took a deep breath.

I kept repeating words like "The world is so beautiful, but I am so irritable..."...

They are blessed with Jin Deng's consecration technique, which perfectly conceals their own aura. This ensures that Zhuo Yi and others will not find out.

Sharing King's Eyes. It is indeed very powerful. But this power is completely different from the real King's Eyes.

As long as the "opening technique" is strong enough, it will be impossible to penetrate the pupil power of the King's Eyes.

So, what is being applied to them now is Jin Deng's 40th version of the consecration technique...

Although the effect is temporary, it greatly increases Jiugong Liangzi's combat power.

When entering the hall, Sun Rong was worried about whether Zhuo Yi would see it. After a brief exchange of eyes, Zhuo Yi quickly moved away from them and turned elsewhere.

This made Sun Rong breathe a sigh of relief.

"What a risk..."

"Look Rongrong. That person...that person has been looking at Zhuo Yi! He never stopped!" Jiugong Liangzi was furious with jealousy in his heart.

In addition, Zhu Yuanrun just said that she was a boy. This made the anger in her chest reach the critical point.

The admission procedures for the Martial Arts Competition were fully handled by Ducas. In just ten minutes, Jiugong Liangzi got the pass.

And when her name appeared on the big screen, everyone's eyes jumped.

"Gong?"

Who is this person?

A Golden Core thug. And a thug that no one has ever heard of.

"Ducas. You are pushing this kid into the fire pit. You see he is so thin and small. He is not fully developed, right? You called a girl with half-haired hair over. What are you doing?" Zhu Yuanrun's face showed a joke. look.

"Pushing into the fire pit? What do you know..." Ducas ignored what Zhu Yuanrun said at all. He had already seen how powerful Jiugong Liangzi was. Naturally, he didn't care what others thought.

Although Jiugong Liangzi's asking price is indeed higher than that of the previously deceased male thug, his ultimate goal is to get a pass.

As long as you can get the pass. It's all worth it!

...

"Miya, are you ready? Let's show them real magic!" Ducas crossed his arms and smiled confidently.

magic?

In a sense, this is indeed magic.

After completing the formalities, there were only about 4 hours left. Then Zhu Yuanrun and others made sarcastic remarks. On the surface, it was ridicule, but in fact, it was just to delay time.

To challenge six people continuously within these four hours. In the eyes of others, this is simply unrealistic.

But when Jiugong Liangzi stepped onto the ring in front of everyone's eyes.

Zhu Yuanrun still noticed something was wrong.

"What's wrong, Mr. Zhu?" A waiter under Zhu Yuanrun came over and asked. When he saw Zhu Yuanrun raising his hand, he knew that the boss had something to ask him to arrange.

"Go and call the five strongest people we specially prepared for the Martial Arts Competition. They will be the masters of the five stages of this Martial Arts Competition."

"Is this... necessary..."

"I think something is wrong." Zhu Yuanrun frowned.

Ducas. He knows best.

Under normal circumstances, he would not do useless work... Of course, the main reason was the confidence on the other person's face that scared Zhu Yuanrun.

After about a few minutes.

The first Guanzhu Jiugong Liangzi faced had already arrived in front of her.

This is a man with eight mechanical legs. He is nicknamed Urgot!

"Is the first person a crab?" Zhu Yuanrun sneered.

"This man looks extremely bulky. But he is extremely fast and agile! And most importantly, his two iron fist gloves... these are the work of that adult..."

"That lord?"

"Yes... although that Lord is only a disciple. But even if he is a disciple, this iron gauntlet is enough to kill... This is a fist that transcends the fear of death!"

"That's it! It sounds very strong! And look at Mr. Zhu. The man opposite is not wearing gloves."

"Ha. With bare hands? This is seeking death!"

...

Beyond the Fist of Death Fear...?

Jiugong Liangzi was stunned for a moment. Then he clenched his fists tightly.

She really wasn't wearing anything. Just two delicate fists.

But after the 40th version of the Enlightenment. She is now fearless...

"That damn fat pig. He actually said... that I am a man..." Thinking of what Zhu Yuanrun said just now, Jiugong Liangzi's anger increased to full level again. Faced with the "crab" with a huge size difference in front of him.

He went up and waved his arms.

Boom!

No one could see clearly the punch Jiugong Liangzi made. They could only feel a dazzling golden light flashing in front of their eyes.

A loud explosion of air exploded between the two of them!

After the light dissipates.

Jiugong Liangzi retracted the smoking fist that pierced the crab's lower body: "Next!"

She roared in a disguised voice.

Although this voice has been modified, Zhuo Yi still couldn't help but feel a tremor...

And he didn't know why. From the beginning, he felt that this man's fist seemed a bit... familiar?





Chapter 1650 The mysterious rich man


"Immortal people show the way... correct the law with fists!"

At the scene, a commentator called out and screamed. Everyone stared at this scene in stunned silence. It was really hard to believe that a newcomer actually defeated a burly man with a move of "immortal guidance." Crab.

Fortunately, the crab's lower body is almost entirely made up of parts. Although it is also connected to pain nerves, it is not fatal.

This punch may seem scary. But in fact, the crab only needs to replace its parts.

But what has to be said is that Jiugong Liangzi's punch really hit the crab's vital part, leaving his body trapped in place and unable to move anymore.

After cleaning up the crabs, Jiugong Liangzi felt that his heart was filled with heat. He could no longer contain it.

This is just an ordinary punch...

As a result, the on-site commentator was shocked and interpreted it as "immortal people guiding the way."

Jiugong Liangzi considers himself not an old boxer. The best way to fight in daily life is to summon ghosts to assist in fighting. He is a cultivator who belongs to the "Summoning Style" school.

So in fact she doesn't know any boxing skills at all.

I just used the crab in front of me as a sandbag to vent my anger.

"What is the origin of this palace?" Zhu Yuanrun's face changed in shock.

Among the five gatekeepers he sent, this crab's comprehensive strength was already at the upper-middle level, but it was dealt with so easily. This was something he never expected.

He looked nervous for a while. After thinking about it, he said to the boy beside him: "Go. Let Hei Long bring that thing. Use it when necessary... Be sure to put this unknown person in the room." Intercept him within five levels. Or fight with him to delay time."

"Yes."

The young man nodded one after another and immediately stepped back and followed the instructions.

In the surrounding spectator seats, Zhou Ziyi noticed that scene from a distance.

He was very observant, especially the boy standing next to Zhu Yuanrun. He had actually been observing secretly for a long time: "Brother Zhuo, and Brother Zong... that man is going back and forth. He seems to be planning something."

Qin Zhong smiled: "Zi Yi has good eyesight. Maybe he is preparing some props?"

"Props?"

Zhou Ziyi is not stupid and quickly thought of things like stimulants...

If it were a regular boxing match, this would definitely be illegal.

But Zhou Ziyi forgot a very important premise: this is an underground boxing ring! It is a shady place! It is a place where the powerful in the core area use money to expose their bad tastes...

And in a place like this, all kinds of shady stories will exist.

"You don't have to worry too much, Zi Yi. Mr. Gong will definitely win, no matter what tactics the opponent plans to use." Qin Zhong crossed his arms and said extremely calmly.

It started when he chose to bet on Hu Baoguo and ended up failing.

Luck is no longer on the side of the two great traders, Zhu Yuanrun and Hu Baoguo.

Zhu Yuanrun wanted to make stable money. But the appearance of this "Gong" disrupted his overall plan.

In the next few levels of attack, you don't need to think too much to know that the opponent will definitely come up with some dirty tricks.

But it doesn't matter how dirty it is. As long as he's here.

Using luck to cleanse oneself only takes a matter of minutes.

You might even shoot yourself in the foot.

It can be said that everything so far has been within Qin Zhong's expectations.

But when it comes to surprises, they are not entirely absent.

Because from the moment the man named "Gong" defeated the crab, Qin Zhong discovered a very strange phenomenon.

That is, Zhuo Yi, who has been beside him, is still trembling slightly...

And I don't know why. His face looks very bad.

"Brother Zhuo, are you feeling uncomfortable somewhere?" Qin Zhong asked.

This voice once again made Zhuo Yi shudder in thought.

"No...I'm not feeling uncomfortable..." Zhuo Yi replied.

His eyes were fixed on the little white fist on the ring.

Although he still can't believe it, this hand... looks more and more familiar to him.

After all, just a while ago, he had just used Liangzi's hand with Jiugong Liangzi's consent...

That kind of comfortable rhythm is simply incomparable when you make enough food and clothing by yourself.

Zhuo Yi remember.

That was his first time. It was also Jiugong Liangzi's first time.

He had never been touched by anyone other than Jiugong Liangzi. It was also the first time for Jiugong Liangzi to be exposed to such a thing.

This incident left a deep impression on the two of them.

At least for Zhuo Yi.

He remembered every inch of Jiugong Liangzi's hand in his bones.

But if this person is really Liangzi...

Why does she show up here to do black boxing?

Who are the two remaining figures in the cloak?

All kinds of questions linger in Zhuo Yi's mind.

Judging from the current situation. Based on his understanding of Jiugong Liangzi, the person who can accompany Jiugong Liangzi to fool around and get closer recently... The first thing he thinks of is Sun Rong.

And the remaining person is definitely a powerful person.

Gu Shunzhi, Crispy Noodles Dao Lord, Jin Deng Monk... these are all possible.

At this time, Zhuo Yi's mind was racing.

If his inference is completely correct, then what is the reason for Liangzi and the others to hide their true identities...

Now that we are all in this "Virtual Realm." Why not recognize him?

Zhuo Yi is puzzled by this. And has a very bad premonition.

When he raised his head again, he found that Jiugong Liangzi had eliminated four gatekeepers.

And there are still three full hours until the Martial Arts Competition ends!

The last thing she has to face is Zhu Yuanrun's strongest thug ace - Hei Long!

Compared to others, Hei Long doesn't have that much showiness. He just looks like a normal human being.

His muscles are well developed, but not exaggerated, and just the right size. At the same time, his skin color is dark. Even the whites of his eyes are not visible. They are completely black.

"This person, except for his eyes, looks a little strange, but he looks normal." At this time, Zhou Ziyi said.

"Haha. Is this your first time watching Hei Long's game?" At this time, a spectator sitting next to Zhou Ziyi in the stands laughed.

He was covered in jewels, and his ten fingers were covered with gemstone rings. They were sparkling. At first glance, you could tell that he was a powerful person living in the core area.

But judging by his tone, this person was quite familiar. Before Zhou Ziyi could ask any more questions, he said to himself: "A true mechanized cultivator is not in the skin but in the bones. Take the previous crab as an example. He saw It seems mighty and domineering. But in fact, it is also easy to be targeted. But Hei Long is different... He is... the master's masterpiece."

"That sir? The founder of this science and technology city?" Zhuo Yi asked.

Qin Zhong was also very curious about this.

Because Zhu Yuanrun also mentioned this word before.

Although the stands are far away from there, with the ears of Qin Zhong and Zhuo Yi, it is not difficult to hear.

"No. It's just his disciple. But everyone is used to calling his disciple... that lord." The rich man said with a smile.

"You actually want to talk to us?"

"Hehe. Why not? We are of the same faction." The rich man shook the betting ticket in his hand: "I bet on Hu Baoguo to lose. Of course, besides that, maybe we have some other reasons."

Zhuo Yi frowned slightly: "What do you mean, sir?"

The rich man held his cane. He smiled and said, "You guys should be Mr. Diulei's people, right?"





Chapter 1651 Here it comes again! Universal brain waves!


Zhuo Yi took a closer look at this wealthy businessman who looked very much like the "Lord of the Rings." His ten fingers were full of jewels. He couldn't help but feel a little suspicious.

There seems to be something wrong with this person...

If you are a native of this science and technology city, you shouldn't know about the outside world.

He looked at the wealthy businessman's eyes. The more he looked at him, the more he felt that there was something familiar in his eyes. It was as if he had seen him somewhere.

And soon. Zhuo Yi suddenly thought of something: "Are you...Mr. Ming?"

After hearing what Zhuo Yi said, the expression on the rich businessman's face twitched obviously. Then he couldn't hold it back and laughed out loud: "Oh. It's boring. I thought I could deceive you for a little longer."

Zhuo Yi was stunned.

He didn't expect that this wealthy businessman was actually Wang Ming...

But how did Wang Ming do it?

Taking possession of his body?

This is obviously impossible...

He is not a cultivator.

Could it be some form of mental control?

But in this illusory world, which is completely isolated from the outside world, Wang Ming shouldn't be able to do such a thing no matter how strong his mind is, right?

"This is Shou Chong. I had originally wanted to talk to him. But unfortunately, someone got there first." Wang Ming said through the body of this wealthy businessman.

The biggest advantage of mental control is that such a disguise makes it almost impossible to see any flaws.

If Zhuo Yi hadn't done some research on the two Wang brothers, had strong observation skills, and could distinguish from details, I'm afraid there would be no way he could be associated with Wang Ming so easily.

And the guess he just blurted out naturally had an element of luck in it.

Zhuo Yi never thought that he would be right.

"Mr. Ming said, Shou Chong was captured? And he was brought here?" Zhuo Yi suddenly felt that the clues to the whole matter had become complicated. Originally, his purpose was to follow Zhang Zhui and Li Xian The main purpose of the two men's actions behind the scenes was to help Zhou Ziyi achieve success.

"Yes. Shou Chong has a micro-sending device that I developed and designed. When my brain waves tracked the device, it felt like I accidentally fell into a gap in time and space. I had no choice but to send part of my brain. The radio waves are separated and out of danger."

Wang Ming said: "The separated brain waves were transmitted to this space after floating for a short period of time."

"Gecko tail-breaking maneuver." Zhuo Yi asked.

"Uh-huh. That's how it works."

Wang Ming nodded through the wealthy businessman's body and said: "But this is a different space after all. My separated brain waves are very weak. I can't stay separated from my body for a long time. There is no other way. I can only find it casually. A man who looks very rich is taking control."

"I see..." Zhuo Yi asked with concern: "Isn't Mr. Ming very dangerous?"

"It's not dangerous. Anyway, this separated brain wave is similar to your clone technique. It won't have any impact on my body. It just lasts for a very limited time."

Wang Ming laughed: "Fortunately, the fat man I possessed is not only rich, but also has a moderate IQ. In this case, I can generate new brain waves through his brain. The brain waves separated from my body Make supplements. But with this method, production is less than consumption. After all, I can't last too long."

As Wang Ming explained, Zhou Ziyi listened with her mouth wide open.

Although he didn't understand what Wang Ming was saying at all.

But he can still understand the basic situation.

The wealthy businessman sitting in front of them now is not communicating with his true will. Instead, he is possessed by a senior whom Zhuo Yi knows.

On the other hand, Qin Zhong was also curious about Wang Ming's appearance.

Can an ordinary human being who is not a cultivator actually develop the human brain to such an extreme level?

He was amazed inwardly.

I once again felt that the world was huge and full of wonders.

Although I accidentally fell into an inexplicable place from the original world, it seems now.

It seems that there is no gain at all. Zhuo Yi was filled with admiration: "As expected of Mr. Ming. Only Mr. Ming can do such a thing."

Wang Ming waved his hand. I don't know when I learned to be modest. "Don't be so formal. This Ziyi brother. I already know him. Why don't you introduce me. Who is this white-faced brother ?"

"His name is Qin Zhong. He seems to be a strange man who fell from other dimensions."

Zhuo Yi finished speaking. He gently whispered in Wang Ming's ear: "Mr. Ming, there is something weird about this person. I feel that he is surprisingly lucky..."

"Qin Zhong?"

Wang Ming chewed the name carefully.

Then, suddenly, like an enlightenment, something hit me in my mind, and I was shaken violently.

Qin Zhong...

This name. Isn't it the character in the game {Cultivation Simulator} originally designed by Bai Qiao?

As for this game, he also participated in the development of it, so it is still fresh in his memory.

Of course. The crux of the problem is not here.

The point is, he remembers when he was testing.

Wang Ling once created a character named "Qin Zhong" through this game. And the lucky value was set to x!

"Interesting."

Wang Ming couldn't help but smile.

He glanced at Qin Zhong calmly.

Although it is not certain that Qin Zhong is really related to the characters created by playing games with Wang Ling.

But if this thing is true, it is a strange news.

So. Wang Ming took the initiative to extend his hand: "Hello. Mr. Cartoon Man."

Qin Zhong: "???"

Realizing that he had let slip something, Wang Ming stuck out his tongue and tried to be cute: "Ah, sorry. I was just thinking about something else. Hello, Mr. Qin Zhong. Nice to meet you."

Qin Zhong also responded with the same gentle smile as always: "Since you are Brother Zhuo's friend, you are my friend. Brother Zhuo calls you Mr. Ming. Then I will follow Brother Zhuo."

"Of course." Wang Ming smiled.

"But then again. Does Mr. Ming know exactly who he is?"

"Of course." Wang Ming said.

Because of the intervention of brain waves, he has completely figured out the details of this wealthy businessman.

"This man's name is Jia Bugui. He runs an auction house in the core area. It sounds like he's a respectable person."

Wang Ming sits on a chair in the stands. Laughing: "And thanks to him. I also know a lot of other news about the core area. For example. The one that these powerful people always talk about. After the fight. I can explain it all to you. For now. Let's just watch the fight first. Liangzi is working very hard. What she's going to face next is this Black Dragon."

Liangzi student?

When Zhou Ziyi heard this, he was stunned for a moment. Then he looked at Wang Ming with surprise: "Mr. Ming said...the one on the stage is my sister-in-law?"

"I remember, didn't you live with Zhuo Yi for a while? Your sister-in-law's breasts are so flat. You didn't even notice?"

After Wang Ming finished speaking, Zhou Ziyi's face turned red instantly.

Zhuo Yi dumbfounded: "As expected of Mr. Ming..."

"Don't worry. I definitely didn't rely on the boobs to judge." Wang Ming laughed.

In fact. Everyone's brain wave signal has its own unique frequency.

In order to facilitate the identification of acquaintances, whenever Wang Ming met, he had the habit of memorizing the brain wave frequency band in advance.

This special identification method is what Wang Ming can do.

So there was no need for any fancy tricks. When he first saw Jiugong Liangzi appearing as a cloaked man, he had already recognized him.

"So, the other two people, Mr. Ming, also know about it?" Zhuo Yi asked curiously.

"Of course." Wang Ming said bluntly: "The ones standing at the back. One is Rongrong. The other. I couldn't detect his brainwave frequency. But I think I know it's Jin Deng senior. Monks, they're supposed to be pure in their minds."

"It's really them..."

Zhuo Yi is too miserable to say: "But why are Liangzi and the others here? I clearly asked her to..."

"Girls in love are very suspicious. I guess she is worried about you flirting with other people when you are not in her sight." Wang Ming laughed.

Zhuo Yi: "Seriously..."

"Somewhere in the neighborhood." Wang Ming showed his hand. At this moment, this is a deep exchange between two men who are in love with others and who belong to the Office of Strategic Deception.

Wang Ming said, "You don't even know. Yinzi was so jealous that she deleted all the porn on my disk. Those are my favorites for years."

"That is indeed a bit of a shame..." Zhuo Yi smiled bitterly.

"It's not a shame. Because that was supposed to confuse her."

"?"

"People today. You don't really store your favorite movies on a cloud drive, do you? Wouldn't it be a blood loss if they were compromised?" Wang Ming shrugged and said, "I uploaded them directly to my brain. It's always available on demand."





Chapter 1652 The conspiracy of mechanized cultivators


The Martial Arts Competition has only just started for thirty minutes. Jiugong defeated four people one after another. He reached the final level at the speed of light and became a huge dark horse that stood out on the scene.

The dignitaries and bettors all roared in the entire viewing room, and the crowd was abuzz.

"Gong! Too strong! Will be a god forever!"

The situation changed rapidly. At first, no one paid attention to this "little man" with such a thin figure. But they never expected that this man was really "condensed to the essence." If he didn't take action, it would be fine. If he did, he would become a blockbuster.

"I'm sorry. I won't give you another chance."

At this time, Hei Long, standing in front of Jiugong Liangzi, looked like the most normal person, but there was a vague sense of danger.

He stared at Jiugong Liangzi. The black eyes without the white of the eyes looked particularly terrifying. Jiugong Liangzi looked at Hei Long with all his concentration.

She saw Hei Long's toes clinging to the ground. The ground on the ring was scraped with deep scratches, and then cracked in all directions.

Bang!

Hei Long's feet suddenly stepped out from the ground. It looked like a powerful beast. The speed was incredibly fast. It was completely different from the four things he encountered before.

At the edge of the ring, Sun Rong was sweating secretly: "This..."

She was sure that this Hei Long definitely had more than just the combat power of the Golden Core.

Although the official average combat power of the gatekeeper list in the five levels is Golden Core. But such speed and explosive power. Sun Rong can be noticed just by the passive ability of integrating with the Aohai human sword.

This Hei Long...is definitely not Golden Core...

At the very least it has to be Dao God level!

She once killed Dao God with the multi-core Aohai sword in her hand. She knows the true strength and weakness of Dao God.

Although Hei Long hid himself very well, Sun Rong could still sense it.

He quickly approached Jiugong Liangzi and quickly reached out his hand. With one claw, he was like a flying dragon emerging from the clouds, making a deafening sound of air explosion.

This level gap is really too big. Jiugong Liangzi was completely frightened and couldn't react at all.

The next second, this "Feilong Tanyun Grasping" hand formed a fierce wind and struck Jiugong Liangzi's chest.

Although Jiugong Liangzi knew that she actually did not have breasts that could be attacked by others, as a girl, she still subconsciously wanted to resist.

"Too slow." Hei Long curled his lips and sneered.

He had almost foreseen the scene of the strong wind tearing the clothes on Jiugong Liangzi's chest.

This is his bad taste when fighting with others.

Almost everyone who knows Hei Long knows that anyone who has fought with Hei Long, regardless of whether they are dead or not, will have their clothes completely torn off after the fight.

However, just when Hei Long's nails touched less than half an inch on Jiugong Liangzi's chest, an incredible scene happened!

Hei Long's iron claw, which was about to attack Jiugong Liangzi, was actually blocked by a refracted golden light!

No matter how hard Hei Long tried, he couldn't shake the golden light.

"This is impossible!" Hei Long roared in a low voice. He couldn't believe what was happening in front of him.

He is extremely confident in his own strength.

After all, he was created by "that Lord!"

And all the parts in his body are different from those sold to the outside world in this technology city! They are not parts forged using materials from this world!

Hei Long clearly remembers the scene where the adult smelted the broken "ancient terracotta warriors and horses", then made those materials into parts and finally inserted them into his body one by one.

"New magic weapon." At this time, Wang Ming said with his arms crossed.

This was something he knew from Jia Bugui's memory.

The name Hei Long is just a nickname for the man in front of him who conceals his true identity in this underground boxing ring.

And his real name is "New Ancient Divine Weapons."

"New Ancient Divine Weapons?" Zhuo Yi immediately reacted: "So. The Lord who created Hei Long also had something to do with the construction of the Ancient Divine Weapons?"

"It should be a method inherited from Master Wu Xin."

Wang Ming said: "This Hei Long is the original New Ancient Divine Weapons." That is to say. That is to say, the strength of this Hei Long. That is to say, the strength of this Black Dragon is even stronger than those Ancient Divine Weapons that Master had encountered earlier." Zhuo Yi frowned. In his heart, he was grumbling.

He was secretly surprised by the changes in the new and old ancient magic weapons.

The original ancient magic weapon was huge. Although it looked very lethal, it was too bulky after all. It felt cumbersome when moving.

But these New Ancient Divine Weapons. were completely made to look like human cultivators...

Thinking of this. Zhuo Yi suddenly woke up and seemed to think of something.

"Have you finally realized it?"

At this time, Wang Ming followed Boss Jia's body, and the expression on his face began to become a little solemn.

"Could it be that Master Wu Xin's purpose in establishing this science and technology city is..."

Zhuo Yi thought of an incredibly dark point of view.

"You are thinking the same thing as I am." At this time, Wang Ming used brainwave transmission and said: "This person. Wants to cultivate this science and technology city into an incubation base for New Ancient Divine Weapons."

"But... is it possible..."

"From the memories I learned, the body mechanization level of the powerful people in the core area has reached over 89%. Only 20% is human tissue. And these things are essentially paving the way."

Wang Ming said. He actually had no interest in this technology city at first. But after learning about the memory of this wealthy businessman, he suddenly wanted to learn more about it.

It is purely intended to inspire ideas for the next new Talisman research work.

"Mr. Ming said, foreshadowing..."

"These people are so mechanized. As long as they continue to go deeper, maybe just a chip. Waiting for their brains to be replaced, everyone will become a humanoid weapon."

"This. This kind of thing...who would take the initiative to apply to replace their own brain with a chip."

"Although it sounds unbelievable, according to the progress of events, what will happen next will definitely be like this."

Wang Ming said: "Human civilization is a process of continuous progress. Once rumors spread that chip brains are more reliable than human brains, in order to enjoy a luxurious and luxurious life for a longer period of time, someone will definitely choose to do this. And then. A new round of following the trend has begun."

"Then if there is negative news..."

"There can be no negative news." At this time, Wang Ming said seriously: "Those people have been implanted with chips. A simple procedure can silence them. Then black and white will be reversed. In this technology city, from the powerful to the powerful, The poor will be deceived all the way up and down."

When Wang Ming said this.

Zhuo Yi has a full sense of picture in his mind.

If Master Wu Xin's purpose of establishing this technology city is really to serve as an incubation base for New Ancient Divine Weapons, then once his plan succeeds, the top and bottom of this technology city will add up.

He will have an army of New Ancient Divine Weapons with a population of hundreds of millions...

...

While Zhuo Yi was momentarily distracted, a scene once again appeared on the ring in front that shocked the entire audience.

Just after Hei Long's several attacks failed, his accumulated anger unexpectedly reached its peak.

Black sigils rose up from under his feet, winding up from his legs like snakes, and finally crawled all over his body.

Jiugong Liangzi frowned. This was a suffocating evil force. I don't know why. It made Jiugong Liangzi feel sick.

Sun Rong feel like something is wrong with Jiugong Liangzi's condition: "Senior Jin Deng...There seems to be something wrong with Liangzi."

The monk's face was calm: "This is the power of the Asura Hell. It has a certain restraint effect on the Buddha's light of the Consecration Technique. Although it will not unlock the 4.0 version of the Consecration Technique, it will definitely make Miss Liangzi feel uncomfortable. After all, she is not a Buddhist. The power of Shura Hell is focused on the heart."

Sun Rong became anxious: "What should we do..."

"Miss Rong, don't be impatient."

After thinking for a moment, the monk said: "Then, let's replace it with a poor monk."

"Senior means..."

"Version 4.0 of the Consecration Technique. The person being consecrated has the right to use it to fulfill the wish. In critical moments, just say a word of great mercy silently. The poor monk can temporarily take over the body."

"Is this...is this okay..."

"No problem. In the thousands of reincarnations of this humble monk, I have had the experience of being a woman."

"..."





Chapter 1653 Reflection under the Light of Buddha


After seeing Hei Long appear, Jin Deng's eyesight could actually tell that this Hei Long was similar to the ancient divine weapon he had seen before.

The "Power of Shura Hell" spell is a magic spell originating from the ancient times.

Since the internal parts of Hei Long were created from the same material as the ancient divine weapons from the eons of time, it makes sense that the creator would input spells that would only appear in the eons of time into his memory.

It's just that this move is a magic spell. It's a bit beyond Jin Deng's expectation.

Fortunately, the 40 version of the consecration technique on Jiugong Liangzi is powerful enough and will not cause any damage to the body.

When the black curse marks spread up from the soles of the feet like tentacles, Jiugong Liangzi instinctively felt a sense of being restrained. This spell seemed to affect the mental will. Jiugong Liangzi's vision gradually began to become blurred.

When the monk used the "40 enlightenment technique" on her earlier, he hinted at the mechanism of the technique's "repayment."

Now, Jiugong Liangzi feels that the time is completely ripe.

"Repay your wish...I want to return your wish..."

At the moment when his consciousness gradually became blurred, Jiugong Liangzi almost said in his heart with a weak spiritual will.

The words just fell.

A burst of golden light erupted from beneath her cloak.

Jin Deng's voice sounded in her mind: "Miss Liangzi, please don't worry. The poor monk is here. The poor monk will temporarily control your body with Buddha's will."

"Um."

After the brief exchange, the golden light emanating from Jiugong Liangzi became even brighter.

Under the blessing of the most holy power of Buddhism, seemingly boundless Buddha light flowed out from every pore of Jiugong Liangzi's body. At the same time, Sanskrit words invisible to the naked eyes of ordinary monks lingered around Jiugong Liangzi.

Almost in this brief moment, the cells in Jiugong Liangzi's body became stronger with the blessing of Buddha's intention! The spirit was also supplemented by Jin Deng's Buddha's intention, and some false and evil forces were quickly dissolved!

"The evil spirits are gone..."

Jin Deng burst out Buddhist sounds through Jiugong Liangzi's mouth.

Buzz! A sound!

A ripple spread out in all directions with Jiugong Liangzi as the center!

This is the purifying light of Buddha's will!

Moreover, it is managed by the "Holy Saint of Buddhism" himself!

Faced with this powerful purifying force, Hei Long's "power of Shura Hell" was completely useless. It was quickly defeated with a devastating force.

Essentially, the "Power of Shura Hell" spell is something with the power of "withering", "weakness" and "aging." It affects the mind and then acts on human cells.

But this magic spell was understood by the original creators from the daily lives of human cultivators.

No one would have thought that someone would actually seek inspiration from "lazy cancer" and "procrastination", which are common diseases among modern cultivators.

Fortunately, Jin Deng took action in time.

Blessed by the great Buddha's Dharma, the powerful purifying Buddha's light swept across the entire venue. At this moment, the boiling underground boxing ring fell into a brief tranquility.

After all, it was the powerful power exerted by the sage of Buddhism. Everyone in the boxing ring suddenly began to reflect on the wrong things they had done recently.

Suddenly, Jin Deng heard the voices of many people confessing and it came to his mind.

"Ah. I shouldn't have spent so much money on betting... I should have saved that much money. I know. Betting is bad behavior..."

"If I had known better, I wouldn't have bought so many things in the shopping street. I can barely fit in the express boxes at home."

"Hey. If I hadn't returned my wife's express delivery, maybe I wouldn't have divorced."

...

Of course, among the many confessions, Jin Deng also heard some familiar voices...

"I shouldn't have said Yinzi's area was small a while ago. Now after seeing Liangzi. I really think I was so wrong. Anyway. Why does Zhuo Yi like it so much...? Since there's nothing available. Why don't you just find a man?"

"I should be more bold. Liangzi's hands alone still can't satisfy me very well.

Men should be more honest sometimes. I never thought that Liangzi would be jealous for me. She is such a cute girl." If I had known before carrying out this mission, I should have followed what that guy Gu Shunzhi said. Just make some noodles. Otherwise, I wouldn't have jumped the world line and come to this strange place."

"Hey. Even if I admire Brother Zhuo, I shouldn't secretly take photos of him every day. If I continue like this, I feel like I'm almost turning into a voyeur. My sister-in-law is so jealous. What if she misunderstands me and Brother Zhuo?. What should we do?"

"The corset is really tightening me up. The chest part is really tight. Although my classmate Wang Ling's milk candy is very sweet. But I really can't eat too much at once... He gave me a sack of them last time. That much! So it's true. You like me, don't you? But this candy is a little too potent. But it's only temporary. And with the tights on. Liangzi won't be able to tell. Otherwise she'd be jealous..."

"To be called a man in a place like this. That's not very honorable. As expected. That area. You have to have a lot of meat to be a woman. Anyway. Rongrong seems to have gotten bigger there... And she's obviously wearing tights! Oh my god! I can't believe she's wearing tights! I should have asked before I came here. I should have been honest and asked her how she was doing it."

...

Although. It sounds like some weird reflections.

But I can only say that Monk Jin Deng is worthy of being Monk Jin Deng.

Even though he heard these things, it still gave these friends enough face. He did not make any comments in his heart.

Monks are pure-hearted and have few desires. They do not understand the love between men and women in the world...

Therefore, he just pretended that nothing happened.

At the scene, everyone was in a state of reflection, making the overall atmosphere present a state of silence. This shocked Hei Long.

"You...who are you?"

Hei Long felt that his brain was in chaos. His magic spell had failed. And he was affected by the backlash under Jin Deng's purifying Buddha's light.

His steps began to become frivolous. He began to stagger around in the field as if he was drunk.

There was a pop.

A loud kneeling sound broke the silence of the scene.

At this moment, Hei Long was kneeling in the boxing ring. The whites of his eyes, which were completely occupied by black, gradually revealed the whites of human eyes.

Hei Long's hands were trembling. He stared at his palms. His pupils shrank slightly. A question began to echo in his heart: "I...who am I..."

Yes.

Just at this moment.

A reflective question also appeared in Hei Long's mind.

He was reflecting on who he was, why he appeared in this world...and where he came from.

And when these questions unfolded in his mind, Hei Long searched through his seemingly rich memories. Only to find that there was nothing but killing in his mind.

The rest is a blank...





Chapter 1654 Secret observation


When the blank feeling came up in his mind, Hei Long felt that a small light point suddenly appeared in the endless dark world deep in his heart. It was as if something was about to wake up from his body, giving him a splitting headache.

Almost suddenly, the pain felt like his brain was being torn apart, making him hold his head and roll on the ground in pain. He kept roaring.

In the spectator stands, Hei Long's unusual reaction also made the silent scene become boiling again.

No one knew what exactly happened. Hei Long was seen holding his head and his limbs were twitching like maggots.

"Hei Long! Stand up! Do you know how much money I spent?" Zhu Yuanrun roared. He stood in the audience and cursed.

However, at this moment, Hei Long could no longer hear any other sounds.

He only has one question, and that is to know who he is...

Why on earth did he appear in this world?

All this time, he has only been carrying out the tasks assigned to him by a few fixed "commanders." He has no intention of getting to the bottom of things to find out his true identity.

But at this moment, Hei Long felt that he seemed...faintly changed.

Facing Zhu Yuanrun's scolding, the pupils that had transformed into normal human beings shrank severely at this moment. Then, suppressing the pain of his brain breaking, he jumped down from the ring.

This move shocked Zhu Yuanrun and the entire audience.

"Hei Long! You madman! Taking the initiative to jump off the ring is an act of abstention!" Zhu Yuanrun was furious. He never thought that Hei Long would disobey his order!

This is the thug he hired from "that adult!"

All parts and components are of the highest quality!

The monthly fee is astronomical!

But "Hei Long" can't be used. As long as Hei Long plays, it means victory. It's true that Zhu Yuanrun spent a lot of money. But Hei Long made more money for him in the boxing ring by accurately handling boxing.

At this time, Hei Long walked up to Zhu Yuanrun with an expressionless face. He grabbed his neck and lifted him up high: "Tell me...who am I..."

Zhu Yuanrun was choked by Hei Long and couldn't breathe. His limbs twitched and struggled. He used the spiritual power in his body to the extreme in an attempt to break Hei Long's fingers apart. However, Hei Long's strength was too strong. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't. Not moving at all.

"Save...save me..." Zhu Yuanrun felt like he was going to die.

He never thought that the Hei Long he bought from "that adult" for so much money would betray him!

Obviously he just renewed his subscription two days ago!

Obviously now he has the highest authority to command Hei Long!

"Buzz!"

Just when Hei Long was about to die, Jin Deng, who had taken advantage of Jiugong Liangzi's body, suddenly took action. A bit of Buddha's light shot out from her fingertips and accurately hit the back of Hei Long's hand.

Hei Long was in pain. Zhu Yuanrun had to be separated.

Then he stepped on his feet and turned into a cannonball, which directly punched a big hole in the ceiling and escaped from the underground boxing ring.

This "Gong" is really in the way!

And his "commander" is not only Zhu Yuanrun...

Someone must know the answer he wants.

"Ahem! Damn...damn Hei Long!" Zhu Yuanrun was like a lost dog. He lay on the ground and coughed for a long time before he stood up tremblingly from the ground.

"Mr. Zhu, are you okay... Hei Long is going crazy. What should we do now?" At the moment when Hei Long went crazy, several boys who had been hiding away gathered around him again.

"What should I do? Put him on a wanted list for me! How dare you do this to me..." Zhu Yuanrun rubbed his neck that was red from being pinched. His expression was still painful.

"Okay Mr. Zhu..."

The boy replied: "There is one more thing, Mr. Zhu..."

"What's the matter?"

"That...Mr. Hu Baoguo... ran away."

"Run away?" Zhu Yuanrun was so angry that he almost fainted. He almost couldn't stand still.

This result can actually be said to be unexpected, but within reason.

Hei Long's combat power is already superior to Hu Baoguo's.

Even Hei Long was beaten. With Hu Baoguo's self-protective personality... he definitely would not continue the next game.

But then...

The outcome of this Martial Arts Competition is already clear...

He lost too completely.

In the end, Hei Long and Hu Baoguo, one turned against the other and ran away... so that he didn't even have a chance to operate behind the scenes!

Why is he so unlucky this year? So many unexpected things happened...

This year's class is really the worst class he has ever led!

"Mr. Zhu...then now..."

"Announce it." Zhu Yuanrun slumped on the ground. Although he likes to engage in black-box manipulation and control the situation of the game, but now he has reached this juncture. When all roads have been blocked, the situation before him is The only way is to admit defeat.

Although he will lose a lot of money, Zhu Yuanrun is not completely unable to afford the loss.

Of course.

There is actually another very important reason why Zhu Yuanrun is willing to admit defeat like this.

Jiugong Liangzi just took action and saved his life from Hei Long.

"After the results are announced, call Mr. Gong, Ducas, and his companions to my office." Zhu Yuanrun rubbed his sore temples, waved his sleeves, and left the scene surrounded by everyone.

Until the bunny girl arranged by Zhu Yuanrun came on stage and announced that the winner was "Gong." Zhuo Yi couldn't believe it: "He just gave up like that?"

"All the roads are blocked. What else can you do if you don't admit defeat?" Qin Zhong laughed: "I thought he'd deny it. I didn't realize he was such a fast talker. Maybe it has something to do with the fact that Ms. Liangzi just saved his life?"

"But what happened to Hei Long? I feel like he has changed." Zhuo Yi frowned.

"It seems that the stability of the New Ancient Divine Weapons is a little bit worse. The purifying Buddha's light just now made him think about life."

Wang Ming said: "As a collection of highly intelligent life forms created by humans, theoretically speaking, it is not impossible for these intelligent life forms to develop self-awareness."

Things are becoming more and more interesting in Wang Ming's opinion.

"Pay according to the odds. We can get a total of 60 million in funds." At this time, Qin Zhong said.

"I think. Let's go and find the Zhenjen and reconcile together."

"Zhenjun is here too?"

"Here he is. And he came with Er Ha." Wang Ming said.

Relying on his brain waves, sensing the bands of these familiar people is already an extremely familiar operation for Wang Ming.

Of course. The most important thing is that except Lord Diulei and Er Ha...

He seemed to have sensed some very subtle, specious fluctuations.

Kind of like Wang Ling...

But it's a little bit different.

"This guy..." After another simple detection, Wang Ming couldn't help but smile bitterly.

If he guessed correctly.

Wang Ling probably didn't come to this world in person...

But looking at the screen...

As expected of Ling Ling.

They are all separated by a space. They can all take a peek.

Are today's screen-peeping techniques powerful enough to be used across screens...

...

On the other side, Jiugong Liangzi and others were led to Zhu Yuanrun's office. After a short wait, several boys following Zhu Yuanrun arrived at the scene carrying a lot of cash. There were as many as ten suitcases. !

Because it is a shady business, most of the transactions in the underground boxing ring involve cash flow.

Ducas tapped the number. After confirming that it was correct, he nodded with satisfaction: "I didn't expect Mr. Zhu to actually keep his promise. It's a bit beyond my expectation. I thought this old guy would do Tai Chi with me."

"Ducas. You have gone too far. You speak ill of people behind their backs. Am I, Zhu Yuanrun, such a shameless person?" At this time, Zhu Yuanrun walked in from the door. He was wearing a suit and leather shoes, looking like an old capitalist.

As soon as he entered the door, he bowed to Sun Rong, Jiugong Liangzi, Jin Deng: "Thank you Mr. Gong. Thank you three. If it hadn't been for you just now, I'm afraid I would have died in the hands of Hei Long."

Ducas smiled: "Mr. Zhu, besides the bonus, you seem to have given me one less thing."

"I know what you're talking about. I've already prepared it."

As he spoke, Zhu Yuanrun took out four seven-color crystal cards from his arms: "This is the pass for you."

"How come there are four pictures?" Ducas' eyes widened when he saw it.

Four passes!

The price of this one is worth 20 million gold gear coins!

This is wealth that people in slums cannot accumulate in a lifetime!

"One of them is for you. The other three are for Mr. Gong and his friends." Zhu Yuanrun said generously.

He has acquaintances in the core area. So although these four passes cost some money, they are actually not as expensive as the market value.

"Is it conditional?" Jiugong Liangzi asked in a changed voice.

"Mr. Gong is smart."

Zhu Yuanrun said seriously: "Actually, it's not too much of a condition. I hope Mr. Gong can help me stop Hei Long. This guy has gone crazy. I guess his next move will be to find other commanders... They have a deep cooperative relationship with my boxing ring. If I let them die like that, it will be very troublesome."





Chapter 1655 Kind-hearted Zhu Yuanrun


Stop Hei Long.

This mission sounds reasonable. But based on Ducas' understanding of Zhu Yuanrun, he felt that this old guy would not be so kind for no reason.

After accepting the pass, Zhu Yuanrun did not force him to stay. He did not even sign any specific contract with Sun Rong, Jiugong Liangzi, and Jin Deng.

A purely verbal agreement makes people feel more mysterious and uneasy.

Because he got the long-awaited core area pass, Ducas quickly completed the handover of director.

The next director is his chosen candidate.

And he packed all kinds of belongings that he had prepared in advance into packages and placed them on a luxuriously decorated carriage.

He couldn't wait to get to the core area. That paradise-like world that could be clearly separated from the slums.

From the moment he got the pass, Ducas couldn't stand it anymore.

At this moment, he was standing in front of the carriage, having a final conversation with Sun Rong and others.

"I still maintain my original point of view. This Zhu Yuanrun is not a simple character. He wants you to deal with the commander. There must be other reasons behind it... Don't believe that he is just to repay your nonsense." Ducas frowned and said: "This person is just a businessman who can't afford to do anything early."

"Thank you Mr. Ducas for the reminder. We will be careful." Under the cloak, Sun Rong thanked him with a smile.

She and Jiugong Liangzi naturally thought of this.

As the successors of the Sun family and the Jiugong family, even though Sun Rong and Jiugong Liangzi are very young, they have personally experienced and experienced a lot of "wars" in the business circle since childhood.

It is full of murderous intent and undercurrents. If you are not careful, you will be shattered into pieces.

In fact, when Zhu Yuanrun gave them the pass, Sun Rong and Jiugong Liangzi tacitly felt that Boss Zhu might have some other crooked ideas.

"I won't say much if I have a lot to say. Thank you all for your help. It allowed me to realize what I dreamed of."

Ducas showed a hearty smile. He handed over a gold name card he printed to each person: "Hahaha! This is my address in the core area. When you get there, you are welcome to come and play with me at any time."

Then he stepped onto the luxurious carriage leading to the core area. Accompanied by a long neigh from the white spirit horse equipped with mechanical limbs in front of him, the carriage driven by Ducas' Black Butler headed towards the place of his dreams. Speed away quickly.

Sun Rong stared at the carriage going away. He vaguely felt that a lot of things had happened. His eyebrows were furrowed and he felt a strong uneasiness in his heart.

She's not like Wang Ling, nor Jin Deng. She's not in that realm of powerful foresight and calculation.

However, because of Aohai's passive ability of "human and sword integration", her innate sixth sense as a girl has been infinitely amplified...

This directly leads to Sun Rong having an ability similar to Wang Ling's "eyelid warning." It's a kind of "danger warning." Just not as accurate as Wang Ling's.

"It's all destiny."

Looking at Ducas going away, Monk Jin Deng sighed. He seemed to have figured out something.

"Senior, did you figure something out?" Sun Rong asked.

"Well, he is about to experience the disaster he is destined for. Even if the poor monk saves him now, nothing can be changed. It will happen sooner or later. It is better to face it sooner." Monk Jin Deng said.

Unless it can reach a height like Wang Ling.

Otherwise, no one can have the ability to change their fate against the odds.

Listening to Jin Deng's words. Sun Rong thought for a moment.

Then she sighed: "No matter what Senior Jin Deng thinks, I think we still can't just sit back and ignore it... For Buddhist disciples, isn't it always their responsibility to save the common people?"

When she said that. Sun Rong felt a little crazy.

She's arguing with a Buddhist saint? It's unbelievable...

"Miss Rong is right." Jin Deng was not convinced.

"If you don't save that one person. How can we save the people?" Sun Rong continued.

Jin Deng was stunned at first at these words. Then he laughed along with her: "Since Miss Rong wants to do it."

He actually didn't expect Sun Rong to say these words.

As the sage of Buddhism, it is impossible for him to argue or argue with a girl.

And what Sun Rong said is actually not unreasonable.

And... when I heard it, it was "Old Jiang Ziya"...

After deciding on the next step, Sun Rong the three decided to take action immediately.

They also boarded a luxurious carriage. But unlike Ducas, both the coachman and the carriage were hired.

On the carriage. Sun Rong exchanged masks with Jiugong Liangzi.

The main reason is that the dangerous situation in the core area is unknown. Continuing to let Jiugong Liangzi play the role of "Gong" will make Sun Rong feel very dangerous. But she is different. Because of Aohai and Sun Ying'er's presence... There is still a little bit of self-protection ability.

As for the reason for changing the mask, Jiugong Liangzi seemed very confused.

On the carriage, she asked: "But I still don't understand. Why do you need to change the mask?"

"It's confusion! To confuse Senior Zhuo!" Sun Rong casually made up a reason: "When you were fighting just now, I vaguely noticed that he seemed to recognize you."

"Ah? Really? I pretend so well!"

"Yes! So, exchanging masks now...maybe it can confuse people. And their next step will definitely be towards the core area. Let's go there first. It will help control the situation."

"eh...Rongrong said it makes sense."

After Jiugong Liangzi finished speaking, he couldn't help but sigh: "Hey, it was so dangerous. I almost got recognized..."

...

On the other side, Zhu Yuanrun stood in front of the floor-to-ceiling window of his office. He stared at the only majestic-looking white jade avenue in the slum area with a specially customized high-power telescope.

On the road, occasionally carriages passed by.

This white jade avenue is the only road connecting the core area and the slums. It is heavily guarded. This is a specific entrance and exit. There is no other place to enter.

The city wall in the core area is 60 meters high. There is a lightning barrier above the 60-meter city wall. It wraps the core area airtight like an egg.

The bricks and tiles of the city wall are all specially customized. There is no possibility of illegal immigration.

"Mr. Zhu, Ducas and Mr. Gong have already set off."

After waiting in front of the floor-to-ceiling window for a while, Zhu Yuanrun heard the news delivered by his servant.

"Very well. Everything is just as that lord planned." Zhu Yuanrun clasped his head.

"That lord?" This servant was a little confused.

"Otherwise? You think I'm that kind. To let them in with those expensive passes?"

Zhu Yuanrun said: "Although I bought these four passes through some means. However, that gentleman has already reimbursed me for all of them. And he also compensated me for all the losses in the casino. Because of the loss caused by Hei Long."

"So that's how it is... As expected of Mr. Zhu..."

"What happens after that is none of my business. I'm not involved."

Zhu Yuanrun spread his hands. He leisurely said, "Next. It's time for that lord to perform."

"A performance of what?"

"Hei Long is the creator of the new mechanized cultivator... That Mr. Gong. He's a great talent. If we can replace his brain. I'll take him under my wing. He'll become a stronger fighter than Hei Long ."

Zhu Yuanrun laughed on Friday: "In this way. The template of the perfect mechanized cultivator that His Excellency has always wanted to design was born. After that. As long as it is put into mass production. We will be able to control everything."





Chapter 1656 The three chefs are ecstatic. What a good guy! I'm a good guy!


There is a tavern called "Sega" in the Sixth Ring Road of the slums. The sign hanging at the entrance of the tavern smells like light pollution.

The purple neon lights flickered with a strange frequency.

This is the most prosperous and lively place in the slums of this technological and spiritual city.

The rich in the core area earn not only the money of the rich, but also the money of the poor. For example, Zhu Yuanrun is engaged in the black business of underground boxing rings.

But now the wealthy businessmen controlled by Wang Ming have not returned. In addition to several large auction houses operating in the core area, they are also the behind-the-scenes beneficiaries of many taverns and chain bathing centers.

For the poor, life can never be separated from bathhouses and wine. Both of these are excellent ways to relieve stress after a day's fatigue.

Before coming here. Wang Ming has already informed Jia Bugui's servants. To clear out the tavern. In order to leave a place for the Office of Strategic Deception members to come to this world. To have a meeting place.

After Lord Diulei and Er Ha arrived, they were the first to arrive based on the transmission from Wang Ming's brainwave.

After coming to the Virtual Realm. Er Ha rarely transformed himself into a human form. In his human form, his green hair would be laughed at in the modern cultivation city.

But when you come to this science and technology city, you won't. Except for people outside the core area, every mechanized cultivator shows off his or her own personality to the extreme. They have colorful and killer hairstyles.

The human form of Er Ha has fluorescent green hair. It can even be regarded as an expression of personality here.

When Wang Ming and others arrived, they pushed open the door and walked in. They found that they were each holding a glass of whiskey with ice, tasting it carefully.

After meeting, several people held their fists and bowed.

Wang Ming, Zhuo Yi: "I've met Zhenjun."

Zhou Ziyi: "Greetings, Lord Diulei!"

Qin Zhong smiled with his teeth. He just clasped his fists: "So you're the Lord Diulei that Zhuo told me about, and you're younger than I thought."

"Brother Qin's matter. Brother Wang Ming has already relayed it to me via brainwave. Since we all have the same goal now. After the matter of this Virtual Realm is settled, I will definitely find a way to help Brother Qin return to the original world." Lord Diulei said confidently.

"Zhenjun said so. Of course I believe it unconditionally. And I feel that I have a good rapport with you. It seems like this is not the first time I've met you."

Qin Zhong still said with a smile on his face: "It's actually not that urgent to go back, because I found it quite interesting here."

Hearing Qin Zhong's response, Lord Diulei was temporarily relieved.

In fact, he already roughly knew Qin Zhong's identity.

It's just because I made an agreement with someone. So it's not revealed directly.

"Everyone, please sit down. We are all brothers. There is no need to be formal." Lord Diulei raised his hand and motioned for everyone to sit down. As always, he followed the friendly line. There was no air of being a sect leader at all.

Seeing Lord Diulei's attitude. Zhuo Yi also vaguely seemed to have noticed something.

He felt that Lord Diulei seemed to know Qin Zhong...

And we know the origin of this lucky man.

In the tavern, after being immersed in it for a few seconds, Lord Diulei said: "To be honest, I'll tell you this. Just when I, the death-seeking senior, had just started to gain fame, I noticed that there was such a mysterious barrier in the Arctic Circle. It's just that I wasn't sophisticated enough at that time to explore here."

"Zhenjun has known it for a long time?" This answer surprised Zhuo Yi.

"That's right." Lord Diulei nodded and said, "I realized at that time that this was a big chess game. But at that time, with my limited personal strength, I probably couldn't get involved in this matter."

"But within the Arctic Circle, there is such a mysterious country established in a special barrier that is unknown to the world... This is always a hidden danger."

"And the most important thing is that the founder of this mysterious country did not take any unnecessary actions.

In order not to alert others, I have no choice but to conceal this matter. "I just didn't expect that Shou Chong. He actually has a special connection with the founder of this mysterious country."

"Since Zhenjun already knows that there are hidden dangers in this place, then according to Zhenjun's personality, have you placed spies for surveillance and layout?" Zhuo Yi asked.

"Of course there is. And for this matter, I also specifically searched for Brother Gu." Lord Diulei said: "Brother Gu recommended me as a person, so that he could successfully blend into this world."

In fact, the person he wanted to find at first was Wang Ling.

However, because Wang Ling was really troubled by too many things at that time, he was unable to open his mouth for a time. So he later found Gu Shunzhi.

Er Ha was the first to hear Lord Diulei tell the whole story of this incident before everyone else here.

After he finished listening, there was an old feeling in his heart that he didn't know whether to vomit or not.

He felt that Zhenjun was still too naive sometimes.

His Little Master Lingzi. I don't know what's going on...

"so it is."

Wang Ming, Zhuo Yi nodded after hearing this.

After all, Gu Shunzhi is an orderer. An official to correct the order of the universe. He is an orthodox messenger sent by Heavenly Dao. It is not surprising to know this.

But now they are curious about who this person recommended by Gu Shunzhi is.

"So who is the person recommended by Senior Gu?" Zhuo Yi was curious.

While talking, he noticed a somewhat abnormal expression on Qin Zhong's face.

He didn't know why. He seems to be a little sensitive to the word "Senior Gu."

"This man has a special history. Maybe you haven't heard of him. He started out as a junk collector. The junkyard where you Zhuo Yi brothers showed up earlier. That's what he did after he got in. He's the one who runs the business."

Lord Diulei said with a smile: "According to legend, this senior originally rose from a wasteland world of cultivation. But just before you came here, this senior's true form had already returned."

"True body? What does true king mean."

"After all, I have entrusted him to keep an eye on me here for a while. Although he was promised a lot of benefits, I still have to let others go home and have a look." Lord Diulei explained: "So before I came, I found Brother Ling myself. Entrust Nuan Zhenren to leave the shadow of this senior."

"Hey! There is such an operation..."

Zhuo Yi took a breath of air: "But isn't the shadow's personality completely opposite to the main body?"

"It cannot be said to be completely the opposite." Lord Diulei said: "Shadow is just the inner expression of most people. If a person's inner and outer appearance are similar, the differentiated shadow will not actually be much different. You guys Just treat him as his true form. The shadow of this senior is very obedient. He will try his best to act as the true form of that senior."

Speaking of this, Lord Diulei clapped his hands.

A few seconds later, a man slowly walked out from the back kitchen of the tavern.

When this person opened the curtain that blocked the kitchen, everyone finally saw his appearance clearly. He was a handsome and handsome young man. He looked about the same age as Wang Ling. But his expression showed that His perseverance makes people feel that this person is a bit young and mature.

He was wearing a pair of overalls and was carrying a long, black cloth bag. It looked a bit like a cello case.

"Zhenjun...is this senior a musician?" Zhou Ziyi raised her hand obediently.

"Musician? My sister is. I am not." The visitor smiled modestly. He took off the big black bag behind him and placed it on the ground. He patted it gently and said, "It's in here." But it's my spiritual sword."

"Spirit sword?"

With that said, the boy unbuckled the black bag and opened the zipper.

Without using magic like clairvoyance, almost no one would have imagined that inside this package, which looked like it contained a large musical instrument, it turned out to be a fiery red high-power sniper rifle...

"Hello everyone. Allow me to introduce to you my Nine Sun Divine Sword." The young man said with a smile.

"What's your senior's name?" Zhuo Yi said.

"Me?"

He quickly suppressed his playful expression. His eyes flashed: "My name is Xiang Yi."

Don't know why.

After the visitor expresses his or her name.

Zhuo Yi, Zhou Ziyi, and even Lord Diulei... these people who originally lived in this local modern world of cultivation, at this moment, they all suddenly had an illusion of intertwining time and space.





Chapter 1657 Tell me something big!


Inside the Virtual Realm. In the core area of Science and Technology City. A magnificent castle is shrouded in night.

The top of the top spire reflects a thin and long beam of light. It seems to be connected to the sky. The boundary with no dead ends spreads out around this beam of light, connecting to the outer wall of the core area.

Below the castle is the splendid night market. Lively, prosperous, and never ending. It is completely different from the deathly silence that envelopes most areas in the slums.

This castle is where the legendary "that lord" lives.

The only main road leading to the castle was under complete martial law just a dozen hours ago. The main road was dozens of miles long.

There are mechanized cultivators guarding the handles every ten meters. And the sky is also filled with countless miniature reconnaissance drones the size of fireflies.

They move around the castle in a regular manner, fully monitoring all abnormal movements around the castle.

In an astrology club called "Xingkong." Li Xian and Zhang Zhui successfully sneaked in.

Yes.

Zhang Zhui used his old skills again and stole the passes of two dignitaries in the core area, allowing them to come here directly without any hindrance.

Li Xian, as the leader of the Vanguard team, naturally objected to the theft. But after Zhang Zhui's hand was dealt to him several times, he was forced to accept the arrangement.

Even if he doesn't accept it, Zhang Zhui will find other ways to get what he wants...

For example, the large deposit of 10 million gold gear coins they currently have was obtained by Zhang Zhui.

His goal was clear. As soon as he sneaked into the core area, he immediately stole the "signal base station" installed near the core area. Then he started sending fraudulent text messages in groups.

The specific text message content is also very simple.

He said that he is a closed disciple of "that Lord." He entered into a bet agreement with "that Lord" because of a certain research. He is now raising research funds. He is confident that he can prove that his theory is completely correct. If the bet succeeds You will receive a bonus of 100 times the research funds. When the bonus is received, you will give back to all research sponsors in high amounts...

He didn't know if it's because people are stupid and have too much money.

Li Xian didn't expect that anyone would actually keep transferring money to Zhang Zhui's new e-wallet...

In less than a few hours, they raised a total of 10 million gold gear coins and came to the "Astrology Club" in front of them, which used "divination" as a gimmick.

The membership fee for this club is 100,000 gold gear coins per person per year. It is a fun among the rich and powerful.

After joining the membership, in addition to free fortune divination once a day and question divination once a week, there are also starry sky blessing gatherings every month to help absorb the luck of the universe through divine power. Leave Africa and join the European Union.

However, after evaluation, Li Xian and Zhang Zhui both felt that they might be able to get the clues they wanted in this place.

...

No. Just after paying their dues and entering, Li Xian and Zhang Zhui heard the discussion at the next table.

"Have you heard? Hei Long escaped. He betrayed the commander. An official mobilization order has just been issued. There is a reward of 1 million gold gear coins."

"No wonder martial law has been imposed..."

"It's not necessarily because of Hei Long that martial law was imposed. It is said that just a few hours ago, someone saw a mechanical guard carrying a coffin into the castle."

"I just heard it...I haven't confirmed it yet. I still think it has something to do with Hei Long's escape."

"So. Who is the current commander of Hei Long?"

"That Zhu Yuanrun who runs an underground boxing ring in the slums."

"It turns out it was him..."

"I think it's better not to join in the fun. Then Hei Long is extremely powerful. Even if we do meet him, there's a question of whether he will be able to report the news alive."

"That's the truth."

"It is said that Hei Long is the master's masterpiece. The first fully mechanized guard-type cultivator. This out-of-control incident almost caused the death of the contracted commander in his hands.

That gentleman is probably going to go crazy." Three dignitaries held hands with a yellow-haired lady dressed as a witch and gathered around a table to discuss. There was a crystal ball on the table.

Before performing astrology divination, you need to completely relax your body and mind.

Therefore, talk about gossip and gossip before divination. The effect is often the best.

As we all know, the most stress-relieving way is actually for a group of people to get together and say bad things about outsiders...

Anyone who has experienced school dormitories must have a deep understanding of this.

The most outrageous example is that there are four people in a dormitory. Everyone will create three groups in private to get two roommates who they think are just okay. Then they will complain about the fourth annoying person. It is so real that it is scary.

Originally, several people were chatting about Hei Long.

As a result, while we were chatting, the topic suddenly turned to "that adult." The witch in charge of divination immediately spoke to control the situation.

This is not something they can discuss.

That adult knows everything like a god. He monitors everything. He can hear everything.

This witch also knew this very well.

She had also heard a rumor that it was the beam of light reflected from the spire above the castle, also known as the "Thinker." Its role was not just a barrier... but it could also serve as a surveillance function.

Although this was just a rumor, in order to avoid trouble, she still smiled and advised in a soft voice: "Gentlemen, please do not discuss state affairs to avoid getting into trouble."

The three dignitaries nodded: "Mrs. Melissa is right. We were out of line."

"No harm done. So here we go. The astrological horoscope has officially begun..."

The person named Melissa spoke quietly. Then began the following command process: "Please follow my instructions. First slowly close your eyes. Completely empty your mind and thoughts. Imagine what the starry sky looks like in your mind. and then, in your mind, ask the questions you want to ask."

She muttered something in her mouth.

The crystal ball on the table began to flicker with faint starlight after being silent for a few seconds.

Huh? Actually...not a liar?

Li Xian observed for a long time. He thought that this kind of club was some kind of place for cheating wealthy people to pay for their money. But he didn't expect that the "witch" in front of him actually knew something.

However, I definitely don't understand it as well as he does.

Throughout the ages, he was a famous star wanderer.

Manipulate the stars. Control the stars. Initiate star tribulations... All starry sky spells are omnipotent.

Of course, this "astrology" is also included.

About three full minutes passed.

The woman named Melissa gently let go of her hand: "Star Lord. I know your appeal and has given you the answer."

Then, a girl in a maid outfit took out a quill pen from the side.

Melissa quickly wrote down the questions asked by the three people and the answers to the questions on three pieces of paper and handed them to the three people.

At this time, Li Xian saw Zhang Zhui walking forward and looking like a thief. He immediately knew that this guy had itchy hands again.

"Brother Zi Xiang. What are you doing..."

"Nothing to do. Just take a look." Zhang Zhui said through the message.

To be honest, if Li Xian hadn't held him back, he might have really taken action on those three pieces of paper.

But now, it's okay if you don't take it.

Because his eyes were vicious. He had already seen what was written on the paper.

He sent a message to Li Xian and said: "These three people, the first person asked is why everyone calls that lord, that lord, instead of calling him by his real name directly."

Li Xian: "Why?"

Zhang Zhui: "Because. That person's surname is Na. And the name is based on a sense of taste. After he got used to it. He's become that person."

Li Xian: "..."

Zhang Zhui: "The second question is: If one day the Science and Technology City is destroyed, what will be the reason?"

Hearing this, Li Xian couldn't help grinning: "This question is quite interesting."

Zhang Zhui: "The woman named Melissa answered. If the world were to be destroyed, the most likely cause would be that someone fell down, causing a big explosion."

Had a fall?

Li Xian was stunned...

Would a fall lead to the destruction of the world?

Even if a cultivator of Soul Formation occasionally falls on the ground, it will only leave a hole.

To the point of destroying the world. It would only happen unless Wang Ling fell down...

"Last question."

Zhang Zhui continued: "The third person asked about the daily life of the Immortal King. Will there be a second season?"

Li Xian smiled meaningfully: "So... is there?"

Zhang Zhui nodded: "Yes, and today, at this moment, when everyone sees this chapter, Station B has already announced it."





Chapter 1658 A group of 2 people who ruined the place


Melissa's calculation was more accurate than Li Xian imagined.

This result was honestly a bit beyond his expectation.

She is not a liar. In Li Xian's opinion, the accuracy of astrological divination is barely adequate. The only pity is that the amount of information is still too little.

Accuracy is one thing. But as an excellent astrological fortune teller, it is more important to be able to sort out your own clues from the starry sky and accurately tell as many things as possible about what you see.

Although Melissa's accuracy rate is high, it also shows that she may have seen very little information.

Because the information obtained from the astrology is true or false. These require astrology fortune tellers to distinguish between right and wrong.

As for some uncertain information, under normal circumstances, astrology fortune tellers will choose to remain silent and only tell the news that they are confident about.

In this way, you will appear to be very noble.

For example. Regarding "Is there a second season of The Daily Life of the Immortal King?"

All Melissa saw was that there was.

And Li Xian also saw other information from the stars.

For example, the second season of The Daily Life of the Immortal King also contains the following elements...

Demon Realm Chapter (Er Ha Chapter)âˆš

Wang Ling crushes everythingâˆš

Beat up the demon saintâˆš

Show off every episodeâˆš

Invisible candy âˆš

The whole process is easy and smooth âˆš

...

Melissa could not tell the above information from astrology.

Of course. Maybe you can see it. But you can't tell right from wrong.

Seeing Li Xian and Zhang Zhui staring at her for a long time, Melissa immediately ended her work. She turned to look at them and said, "Two gentlemen, would you like to try fortune telling? You two. I am a new user. You can perform fortune divination and question divination at the same time today."

"Do you divine fortune?" Li Xian said with a gentle smile, "I know that a skilled fortune teller can change fortune. Can you do the same?"

Melissa showed a professional smile: "According to the different changes in the stars. Combined with each person's own zodiac sign, there will naturally be strong and weak fortunes. It is impossible for someone to have excellent fortune every day."

"Oh? Is there such a thing?" Zhang Zhui was doubtful.

He actually doesn't believe these things.

After all, in the Eternal Era, everything he did was always smooth... The only mistake he made was at the hands of Dao Ancestor Wang.

Daily fortune calculation. It is free for members.

But in fact, this seemingly free project actually knows its tricks.

When she heard that these two new customers were interested in fortune, Melissa knew immediately. She would complete her daily KPI ahead of schedule today.

"The so-called luck change only uses some auxiliary props to achieve the effect of balancing the luck stars. That is, absorbing a little bit of the luck of the people around you, thereby diluting some of the bad luck on your body. This way you will not look so unfortunate. Already."

Melissa talked eloquently and looked very professional.

But in front of an expert like Li Xian.

This is just a trick.

Luck stars are indeed special stars that can affect luck.

And it is indeed possible to use some special props with astrological spells to guide the luck of the person who is most blessed by the luck star to those who need to change their luck.

But such a method requires extremely sophisticated means.

Li Xian. Of course it can be done.

But Melissa...

He judged that given this lady's ability, she might not be able to do such a thing.

However, the situation has not yet been clarified. Li Xian cannot directly label Melissa as a deceiver.

Then he said in a tentative tone: "So Ms. Melissa, in this astrology club, is there any better astrologer than you?"

"No more. I'm ranked number one." Melissa shook her head.

Li Xian, Zhang Zhui: "..."

Okay. Liar is real...

But Li Xian is actually very interested in astrological divination.

After all, their purpose is not to divine horoscopes, fortune, or tell fortunes.

But I want to get some specific information.

Of course Li Xian can also use astrology to deduce information.

But you have to do this through astrology. The crystal balls used for divination are of very high quality.

The crystal ball of this club is too inferior. It may affect the calculation results.

Of course. The most important thing is.

The opponent is an eternal level strong man. He will definitely be prepared in this regard.

It wouldn't be good if we just alert the enemy.

Therefore, using human flesh to obtain information is currently the best result.

"Okay, Ms. Melissa, we need to do fortune telling." At this time, Li Xian said.

"Welcome. Then, gentlemen, please come with me. The fortune telling is in another room." Melissa bowed and led the two of them into a room dedicated to fortune telling based on astrology.

In order to avoid the mutual influence of fortune and those around you, fortune divination through astrology requires an individual.

After Li Xian and Zhang Zhui communicated through eye contact, Li Xian finally entered the room with velvet carpets first.

After closing the door, Melissa put on a special gauze dress made of amethyst, covering her body tightly.

This is to prevent the astrologer responsible for divination from affecting the fortune of the fortune teller.

"Sit down, Mr. Li."

Then, Melissa and Li Xian sat down, facing each other.

Different from the crystal ball used for astrology in "Weekly Q&A", the crystal ball used to test fortune is pure black. It is as deep as a black hole.

Li Xian pretended not to know and asked: "So Ms. Melissa, what should I do? Put my hand up?"

"Well. Please clear your mind of distractions. Then put your hands up. Think of a happy thing first, and then think of a sad thing." Melissa said.

"Okay." Li Xian nodded cooperatively.

However, things were beyond Melissa's expectation.

Because after the first round of calculations, she didn't even see Li Xian's fortune position at all.

"This..." She told Li Xian with slight surprise in her eyes. There was something wrong with Melissa's horoscope.

"What happened. Ms. Melissa?" Li Xian laughed.

Melissa closed her eyes without admitting defeat. She tried her best to calculate. Then the next second, she stood up suddenly: "This... this is impossible! Why is your luck so good! I have never seen a lucky star. People who have perfect luck numbers!"

"Because measuring fortune through astrology is inherently inaccurate."

Li Xian smiled calmly: "With Ms. Melissa's knowledge. Since you know about the Lucky Star. Then you should also know about the existence of the Seat of Destiny, right?"

"Destiny... The Seat of Destiny..."

"It's called destiny. Fate. That's where the luck comes in. A practitioner who has studied astrology. Can light up their own destiny through astrology. So as to achieve the goal of eternal luck."

"Senior, who are you..." Melissa was shocked.

"Do you want to learn? I can teach you."

Li Xian touched the black crystal ball. He smiled and said, "But the premise is that you have to exchange it for something."

When Melissa heard this sentence, she immediately thought for a long time, as if she was experiencing some fierce ideological struggle.

A few minutes later, Li Xian asked: "How is it? Have you thought about it clearly?"

Melissa was startled out of her senses. Then she nodded her head as if she had made up her mind: "I... I know, senior."

And then. She started in front of Li Xian. Took off her amethyst veil, blouse...

At that moment. Li Xian was horrified and grabbed her by the arm: "What are you doing..."

"Didn't the senior say. Do you want to exchange it for something?"

"But I didn't say I wanted you to give yourself to me..."





Chapter 1659 Will Guard


Li Xian is very generous.

Among these many eternal strong men, he is considered a decent man. He would not engage in such operations that take advantage of others.

But if the person entering the house is Zhang Zhui, that may not necessarily be the case.

The yellow-haired female astrologer dressed as a witch in front of her was not Li Xian's cup of tea. But Zhang was a womanizer. All kinds of people had "stolen" her in those years. There were people of all models and skin colors.

It's really hard to imagine. If the person who just walked in was Zhang Zhui, this Miss Melissa might not even have any bones left in the end.

"What I want is not your body. You should know by looking at my face. I am not that kind of person." Li Xian sighed helplessly. He is handsome and personable. He does not seem to be of that genre.

In fact, it was Melissa who thought too much and got the wrong idea.

And she actually felt that if something really happened with Li Xian, it wouldn't be a loss...

There was a moment of silence and embarrassment. Melissa put on the clothes she had taken off again. Then she sat in front of the divination table again. After calming down, she asked calmly: "So, what do you want, senior?"

At this time, the two of them had a tacit understanding. It was assumed that nothing had happened just now.

"It's very simple. If you want me to teach you my craft, then use some information that I'm interested in in exchange." Li Xian made the conditions.

"You're so good at astrology, senior. Is there any information that you don't know?" Melissa showed an unbelievable expression.

"Astrology isn't perfect. Even for me. Against an opponent who's prepared for it. There's still a chance that I'll make a mistake. So. Why don't we just go and ask someone who may know the information." Li Xian sighed and said frankly.

He knew that Melissa actually had her own concerns, so he directly grabbed her hand and placed it on the black crystal ball in front of her, and performed a very simple astrological calculation.

Then she said, "Ms. Melissa. Your mother doesn't seem to be in the best of health. That's why you're so short of money. You're very short of money. Your boyfriend owns the Astrology Club. But your boyfriend is a scumbag. He's a womanizer. That's why you don't have any feelings for him anymore. That's why you're here, trying to get customers to buy transit products. It's mainly to cure your mother's cervical spondylosis, isn't it?"

When Melissa heard this, she looked incredulously.

It was the first time she met Li Xian...it was impossible for anyone to know so much about her.

Moreover, Melissa never mentioned her mother's illness to anyone.

At this moment, she heard Li Xian's words. Her face showed undisguised shock: "Senior...you..."

"Maybe it's a little offensive to Ms. Melissa. But that's what I just saw. But there's actually a little more to it than that. If I say too much. It might be painful for Ms. Melissa. Let's leave it at that."

Li Xian waved his hand, frowned slightly as if thinking, and said calmly: "I know that there is a set of Hunyuan Kung Fu that can cure Ms. Melissa's mother's illness."

"Hunyuan Kung Fu? Can Senior Li use Hunyuan Kung Fu to treat my mother's cervical spondylosis?"

"Of course. This set of exercises is very simple. There are not many realm restrictions. And if you only teach the massage and physical therapy part, you can learn it yourself."

Li Xian said. He crossed his fingers and held his chin: "I can teach you how to treat your mother's illness. I can also teach you some new astrological methods. As long as you master the core skills of astrology, you can do it in this place. Get rid of your philandering boyfriend. Isn't it popular now for independent women to do it?"

There was a "buzz" sound. Melissa felt her heart beating hard.

Li Xian's words touched her soul directly. It must be said that they gave her a strong feeling of excitement.

She has done all this for so many years. In the final analysis, the simplest reason is to protect her family.

After careful consideration, Melissa raised her head with tears in her eyes: "Senior, what do you want me to do?"

Li Xian smiled calmly: "I want to inquire.

It's about that adult. "Melissa is not stupid. When she saw Li Xian's methods, she had already made a guess about Li Xian's purpose.

She said nothing. She just turned around and opened a hidden compartment. She pressed a button.

Standing time. In this fortune-telling room, the grids on the four walls turned over instantly like fish scales. Almost every grid was embedded with a crystal of a different color.

After doing all this, Melissa said nervously: "Senior, I have decorated this room for a long time. I don't know if it is useful. But this is the best way to stop explorers. But time is limited. Once the energy of this crystal is used up, it will no longer work."

"Explorer?"

"This is what the Lord uses to monitor the overall situation...it is also called the Will Guard."

Melissa said: "The will of all of us is under the monitoring of that adult...Senior should have seen the light beams above the castle, right? Unless there is a way to block those light beams..."

As soon as he finished speaking, the energy of the crystal in this house had been exhausted.

It lasted less than a minute.

By this time, Li Xian had completely understood.

Melissa didn't dare to say it. She didn't even dare to think about "that adult" in her heart.

The will to monitor such an operation is a huge deterrent to all mechanized cultivators in this technological city.

However, people like Li Xian and Zhang Zhui who have mixed in from the outside will not suffer such coercion.

"Just block the light beam on the castle."

At this time, Li Xian muttered secretly in his heart. He immediately sent a message to Zhang Zhui outside: "What do you think, Brother Zi Xiang?"

"It's just a steal. I'll give it a try." Zhang Zhui received the request from Li Xian.

Without saying a word, he looked like a ghost and disappeared into this divination club.

...

At the same time, on the other side, in the Sega Tavern in the slums, a group of people from the Office of Strategic Deception were also discussing plans to take down this Virtual Realm.

After hearing about the Will Guard, everyone in the Office of Strategic Deception became interested.

"The Guardian of the Will, right?"

Wang Ming raised his eyebrows through Jia Bugui's body and said: "This method of monitoring will is a long-standing speculation in the core area."

"Yes. This was confirmed after I lurked here for a long time. However, this will guard is ineffective against those of us who infiltrate here from outside. It is only a potential deterrent to the local residents here." Xiang Yi replied.

Then everyone turned their attention to Wang Ming...

Wang Ming was stared at a little and said: "You don't have to look at me like this. I am not a mole. Although I am controlling Jia Bugui's body now, the brain wave signal cannot be captured by the will guard. The other party captures it. It's still a signal that Jia Bugui is in trouble. But now, Jia Bugui's state is like sleeping. So it won't arouse suspicion."

"So, is there any way, Mr. Wang Ming, to access Jia Bugui's will?"

At this time, Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi asked almost in unison. Their ideas coincided with each other at this time.

They looked at each other and smiled.

Wang Ming also immediately understood what the two people meant.

If Jia Bugui's brainwaves could be manipulated to release false signals, this would be an almost perfect cover-up for their group's next actions...

But such an operation is not without its technical difficulties.

Because once Wang Ming's brain waves interfere with Jia Bugui's brain waves, the two brain waves will merge into one. There is a risk of exposure if you are not careful.

"Let me try."

At this time, Wang Ming slowly closed his eyes.

He hypnotized himself countless times in his mind. At the same time, he muttered: "I am Jia Bugui...I am Jia Bugui...I am Jia Bugui..."

"Brother Zhuo, where is Mr. Ming?" Zhou Ziyi was puzzled.

Zhuo Yi responded calmly: "Don't you understand? He is trying to hypnotize his own brain waves first. To ensure that there are no other risks after intervention."

In fact, when Wang Ming started the operation, not only Zhuo Yi. Even Lord Diulei, Er Ha, Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi were also deeply shocked.

This is obviously just an ordinary person...

But such an ordinary person with no spiritual power at all can actually develop the power of his brain to such an extent.

It's so terrifying.

Lie a thousand times and it becomes true.

To deceive others.

You have to deceive yourself first...





Chapter 1660 Office of Strategic Deception Team Building Activities


As a brain wave control user, Wang Ming naturally knows the dangers of connecting two brain waves in series.

He hypnotized himself into "Jia Bugui." It is easy to completely pretend to be Jia Bugui. But if you get too deep into the drama, you may not be able to get out in the end.

However, this brain wave is only a small segment that Wang Ming has differentiated. Even if something unexpected happens, at most, this small segment of brain wave will be assimilated and will not have any impact on the body of the outside world.

After a few minutes, he opened his eyes with a flushed face. Jia Bugui's body was obviously hot due to the operation of brain waves. Steam even came out of the top of his head.

"For now, it's successful." Wang Ming nodded and said, "I have homogenized his brainwave band. You can access it at any time and become him. And you will not be discovered by the will guards. In action, I have used myself Suggestion implantation of brain waves. Just through specific gestures or sounds, you can control Boss Jia's body to act."

"In other words, it's not fully connected yet, right?" Lord Diulei asked.

"That's right. A complete access to the brainwaves. Twist the two brainwaves into a rope. It seems to me this is a last resort. Because once it's in. I'll be Jabu. It's hard to say if I'll be able to get out. It's hard to say." Wang Ming replied.

Currently, he is still semi-connected.

Because of the brain waves, he became "Jia Bugui." This was probably an unexpected thing for Master Wu Xin and his apprentices.

And Wang Ming also knows how important the role he plays is.

Therefore, he must use his identity to make every next move well.

If you make the slightest mistake, everyone here is at risk of being exposed.

And the plan that Lord Diulei painstakingly entrusted to Senior Xiang Yi to lay out here for many years will completely turn into a bubble.

The people sitting here are not stupid. Of course, they can imagine everything Wang Ming can think of and all the concerns in his heart.

Just like Wang Ming said.

They have to wait until they use Jia Bugui's identity to trick Master Wu Xin and his disciple Nawei into the trap they set through the "Guard of Will." This is the last step.

At this time, Qin Zhong stared at Wang Ming's "Jia Bugui" face. After looking at it for a long time, he suddenly thought of something and asked, "Speaking of which, there should be more than just our group who have sneaked into this world." Well, I met Brother Zhuo and classmate Ziyi. Then I met you."

Lord Diulei "I saw the text message sent by Miss Rong and Miss Liangzi. At that time, Brother Gou and I happened to be investigating the robbery of Shou Chong. Unexpectedly, we tracked it to the edge of the Virtual Realm."

Zhuo Yi was shocked when he heard this, "It was Master's Wife who sent you the message. No wonder Liangzi came with me. It seems that when I sent the message to Master's Wife, she was probably nearby."

Lord Diulei was ashamed, "So they came here after seeing your text message, Brother Zhuo? By the way, they called Senior Jin Deng?"

"I'm afraid that's right."

"Then how do you know about this Virtual Realm."

"Of course they are seniors Li Xian and Zhang Zhui. They should be the first group of people to visit this Virtual Realm."

Everyone heard this and fell into a long silence.

The real purpose behind this series of matryoshka behavior is actually to change the map and hold the Office of Strategic Deception team building activity.

"Are these two seniors strong?" At this time, Qin Zhong asked again.

It's not just him. Even Xiang Yi has a confused look on his face.

After all, they were the only outsiders in this Office of Strategic Deception team-building activity.

"These two are eternal masters," Er Ha said with a head of green hair and a face full of shame.

So, after the current analysis, everyone in the tavern suddenly discovered an extremely difficult problem.

The first group to come in were Li Xian and Zhang Zhui.

The second group is Zhuo Yi, Zhou Ziyi, Qin Zhong.

The third group is Sun Rong, Jiugong Liangzi, Jin Deng.

The current fourth group, Lord Diulei, Er Ha, Xiang Yi and Wang Ming, has merged with the second group to form one group.

The current strategy of their group is to use the Will Guard to deceive Master Wu Xin into tricking out a few more things.

But now the actions don't match.

It is very likely that a very unfortunate situation will arise, that is, the other two groups of people, without knowing their plan at all, will rush over and take out the entire will guard.

Obviously, everyone had thought about this matter. They couldn't help but feel a little worried for a while.

"It seems that we need to enter the core area as soon as possible to make peace with them." Lord Diulei smiled bitterly. To tell the truth, it was also his fault that this Virtual Realm trip turned into such a situation.

I originally wanted to hide my secret and investigate secretly, but I didn't expect that everyone else also noticed this place.

"But to enter the core area openly, you need to prepare a pass. The market price of the pass is now 20 million gold gear coins plus the 60 million silver gear coins earned by the Qin Zhong brothers. I'm afraid it's not enough for us. "Zhuo Yi said.

"It's easy. If you count my money, it's no problem to buy a few." At this time, Xiang Yi stood up.

After all, he was entrusted to be stationed in this world as the director of the waste recycling station very early. He still accumulated some money.

"How much can you buy"

"Based on my family property, I can probably buy three tickets with my meager savings," Xiang Yi said after calculation.

"Three 60 million gold gear coins" He and everyone were stunned. They all looked at him with admiration.

Is it so profitable to do waste recycling now?

"It's just a trivial means." Xiang Yi said with a modest smile.

However, even so, there are seven people in their group. Except for Wang Ming, who has the identity of Jia Bugui, there are still three people who do not meet the conditions for entering the core area.

"If it's 3, it might be feasible." Wang Ming said.

"Mr. Ming means"

"In the core. It's not like there aren't any shabby people. But the shabby ones. Most of them are slaves, servants and the like, bought by the rich and powerful from the slums outside."

Wang Ming said, "Let's do it this way. Let's continue with the current grouping. Let Brother Xiang Yi give the three passes he bought to Brother Zhuo Yi's group. I'll have Zenjun, Xiang Yi and Er Ha follow me into the city.

"Of course no problem."

Lord Diulei said, "Where will we meet after entering the city?"

"In the core area, Jia Bugui has an astrology club. Just gather there." At this time, Wang Ming said.





Chapter 1661 Forward this koi...then...danger!


When Wang Ming decided to use the identity of Jia Bugui to lead the fourth group of Lord Diulei's people into the core area, the faces of several women flashed back in his mind.

As one of the few powerful people in the core area who runs various romantic places and has almost formed a monopoly, Jia Bugui has a natural advantage in his position in the core area, but in fact he also has a lot of debts.

These debts are not money. They are real. Romance debts...

When it comes to emotional issues, Wang Ming has always been single-minded. He has never really been in love with anyone, but once he has given his feelings, he will be determined to the end.

In fact, when his brain waves intervened in Jia Bugui's body, Wang Ming also had his own concerns.

Mainly because he felt Jia Bugui's romantic personality and worried that it would contaminate his pure self and make him unclean.

However, after considering that Jia Bugui's identity was indeed helpful to their mission plan for this trip, they finally made up their mind to control his body.

Therefore, the brain waves that completely activated Jia Bugui merged with his brain waves...

This was the last step that Wang Ming took to face death.

Anyway, this is just a small stream of brain waves separated from his body. If it is contaminated later, just don't put it back.

Stay here forever. It's a better choice...

Everyone set off on the road one after another.

To avoid arousing suspicion.

The two carriages were led by Zhuo Yi and Wang Ming respectively. They deliberately took off after a period of time.

Zhuo Yi and others went first.

After passing the exclusive and only main road.

The core area of the Science and Technology City. This imperial city, shrouded in jewels and exuding an aura of luxury, appeared in front of everyone.

In the central city, above the ancient castle, a beam of light connecting all the will guards and building a powerful defensive barrier was released from the top of the tower. It formed an umbrella-like protection like a birdcage, covering everything in this imperial city. Inside.

"It seems. That's the target..." Zhuo Yi saw that scene in the distance. He felt a little surprised. He thought that he had been following Wang Ling for so many days. I have witnessed many big scenes.

But now when he stood here, the sight in front of him made his body tremble slightly, a little uncontrollably.

Is this... the power of an eternity-level expert?

Although I had already felt a slight sense of oppression when I was in the slums, when I really entered the imperial city in the core area.

When this world, which was built by the Eternal Powerful Man using the most powerful laws, was all presented in front of him, the feeling of trembling in his heart was undeniable.

It gave Zhuo Yi an incomprehensible feeling for the first time.

Of course, what made him feel even more out of reach at this moment was not the oppression brought about by the laws of these eternal powerful men.

But he was thinking about another thing...

That is Wang Ling.

He knows very well how powerful Wang Ling is.

But the truth is. Wang Ling has never shown 100% of his strength in front of him.

The rules established by this eternal strong man already made him feel like this.

If one day, Wang Ling completely lifts the seal, what will it look like?

In the [Team Voice Space]. Zhuo Yi, Zhou Ziyi and Qin Zhong set up a separate space for secret communication to prevent the hired grooms driving in front from hearing their plans.

"That's the beam that links the Will Guard." Qin Zhong touched his chin and squinted his eyes.

Their current location was still far away from the castle. However, the light beam from the top of the castle made him feel uncomfortable.

"This light makes me uncomfortable," he said.

"Me too." Zhou Ziyi trembled.

He has the lowest level of strength among all the people. If he hadn't been wearing five layers of thermal underwear. Zhuo Yi even suspected that he would have fainted as soon as he entered the imperial city.

"But no matter how uncomfortable it is, we have to endure it first. For now, we still have to find a way to hook Master Wu Xin and his disciple Nawei out. If we want to destroy this beam, there should be many ways."

Zhuo Yi said this. He suddenly asked Qin Zhong: "Speaking of which, I haven't seen you use any magic weapon?"

"As for weapons, I have them too. I just don't use them often."

Qin Zhong said. He spread his hands: "And it has been upgraded to a chaos device for a while. But every time before I draw the sword, the incident has been solved perfectly. There is no room for me to use it."

"Are you showing off something..."

"No, Brother Zhuo. Everything I said is true."

Qin Zhong laughed: "I'm just a little luckier than others. You can't blame me."

Boom!

At this time, a shutter flashed. Zhuo Yi took a photo of Qin Zhong.

Qin Zhong: "???"

Zhuo Yi: "Didn't you say that you have better luck? I'll take a picture of you and forward it to you. Can this mission go smoothly?"

Zhou Ziyi burst into laughter holding her stomach: "Brother Zhuo regards Brother Qin Zhong as a koi! Good luck by forwarding it?"

In the carriage, the atmosphere fell into silence for a while.

After about a few seconds, Qin Zhong suddenly felt that the atmosphere had dropped to freezing point with a visible degree...

Zhuo Yi is holding the phone. It can be seen that he is shaking...

"Brother Zhuo?" Qin Zhong asked tentatively.

"I...I sent it..."

Zhou Ziyi, Qin Zhong: "???"

"Fuck! Isn't this Virtual Realm equivalent to another world? Why is there a mobile signal!"

Zhuo Yi is so horrifying.

This is the same world. The same movement...

He originally wanted to post Qin Zhong's photo in his circle of friends. He originally planned to set it as a private photo, which only he could see. In order to avoid misunderstandings caused by Jiugong Liangzi.

As a result, he was just in a trance. He just sent it out...

And something fatal just happened.

Jiugong Liangzi not only saw it! He also gave him a like...

So now. Zhuo Yi's cold sweat started flowing down instantly.

"It's over...it's all over..." At this moment, inside the carriage, Zhuo Yi felt like he was looking up at the dark sky.

"As long as I'm here, my sister-in-law won't do anything to you." Qin Zhong laughed.

To be honest, he didn't quite know why such a coincidence happened.

But normally. In this case. It looks like Zhuo Yi is unlucky... As long as he's with him in the world. Because of the cohesion of luck. Qin Zhong feels certain that in other ways. They will have extraordinary luck.

"Anyway. Zhuo, don't think too much..."

"I've been thinking. Should I go to the casket shop now and order me a coffin."

Zhuo Yi: "In this Imperial City, the man Mr. Ming possessed, Jia Bugui, is very powerful. He must be able to find the other two groups led by Shi Niang and Li Xian.

That's true. It's just that Zhuo Yi feels a little embarrassed to meet Jiugong Liangzi now.

"Hahaha. Brother Zhuo is right. But have you ever thought about the possibility that we might meet my sister-in-law when we walk on the road?" Qin Zhong said.

"No way..." Hearing these words, Zhuo Yi suddenly raised his head.

Qin Zhong was originally just joking.

The result was disastrous. He had just finished speaking.

Outside the carriage window, three familiar cloaked figures passed by their carriage...

"..."

Zhuo Yi looked at Qin Zhong with horror: "Excuse me... Your mouth. Is this mouth of yours enlightened as well?"

Qin Zhong: "?"





Chapter 1662 A mistake


Although this group of people were wearing masks and cloaks, when they passed by the carriage, Zhuo Yi still radiated a hint of coldness from under the cloak. They noticed that one of them was Jiugong Liangzi.

He was covered in cold sweat and fell down on the spot. This made Qin Zhong very nervous for a while. His intention was just to make a joke. He did not really intend to meet Jiugong Liangzi on the road.

As a result, he didn't expect that luck would be used in such a place. He hit the nail on the head.

Of course. Qin Zhong never expected that Zhuo Yi would be so afraid. It seems that in all likelihood he will be a strict wife in the future.

In the car. A few people did not disturb Sun Rong and the others, but quietly gave the driver some money when the carriage passed a certain alley. They told him to follow Sun Rong and the others quietly.

This move was made by Zhuo Yi after he mustered up the courage. Although he currently only dares to let the groom follow him secretly...

Mainly because he didn't know what drastic action would happen if Liangzi discovered him.

The purpose of their trip to the astrology club was also to find the remaining two groups as soon as possible to avoid an own incident. As a result, they bumped into Jiugong Liangzi on the way there. It was like giving him a pillow when he fell asleep.

Originally Zhuo Yi thought that the mobile phone signal would not work in such a "different world space." But after the incident in the circle of friends just now, Zhuo Yi suddenly became enlightened.

He immediately edited two messages and sent them to Lord Diulei, telling them their current location information and the situation where Jiugong Liangzi was found.

The other message was sent to Li Xian and Zhang Zhui...

However, for these two eternal seniors, it would be more reliable to let Lord Diulei physically notify them.

Comparatively, the two of them have just come into contact with modern things like mobile phones. They are not particularly skilled in the above operations. It is inevitable that there will be some surprises.

After doing all this, Zhuo Yi breathed a sigh of relief. He quietly opened the curtains beside the carriage and secretly looked at Jiugong Liangzi and others hurriedly walking outside the window with one eye.

"What are they going to do?" Zhuo Yi muttered: "And it seems that they even changed masks with Liangzi. Are they afraid that Liangzi will be targeted? Do you want to protect Liangzi's safety?"

Zhuo Yi's words were enough inspiration. Qin Zhong touched his chin and suddenly said: "Martial Arts Competition in the underground boxing ring. It is nearly six million gold gear coins and a pass. And my sister-in-law's The employer is the police chief Ducas. He came here just for the pass. So how did my sister-in-law and the three of them get the passes?"

"That's right." Zhou Ziyi nodded at the side: "Even if the director gives all the bonuses to sister-in-law Liangzi, a core area communication certificate with a market value of 20 million gold gear coins is still not enough to buy."

"bingo! So the only explanation is that someone sponsored them."

Qin Zhong snapped his fingers and said with a calm expression: "The person most likely to sponsor is the boxing ring operator Zhu Yuanrun."

"Is it because senior Jin Deng took action to save him from Hei Long?" Zhuo Yi frowned.

Judging from Zhu Yuanrun's hostility towards them at the beginning, he felt that this person was not so particular and kind-hearted.

And such a cunning person who tried every means to use unfair means to trip up the competition would actually admit defeat so generously.

This also made Zhuo Yi vaguely feel that something was wrong.

"It seems that Brother Zhuo thinks the same as me. They both think this Zhu Yuanrun is not a good person."

On the carriage, Qin Zhong folded his arms and analyzed: "In the final analysis, this Zhu Yuanrun is just a capitalist who makes no profit and cannot afford to be early. Such a person? It is impossible to do money-losing business. So the extra pass should be someone who can help this." Zhu Yuanrun kept it secret. He wanted to lure the enemy deep enough to lure them over."

Zhuo Yi, Zhou Ziyi heard this? Everyone fell into silence and thinking.

The main reason is that Qin Zhong's calm analysis makes everything sound so reasonable and reasonable. It can almost be described as impeccable.

Of course? Regarding the above conclusion, Qin Zhong himself is not very sure: "Ah, this is just my opinion? Brother Zhuo and Brother Ziyi can just listen to it? They may also be confused."

"Confused? How can a koi be confused?" Zhuo Yi smiled inwardly.

In fact, Qin Zhong did not confess his true identity to Zhuo Yi at all. But Zhuo Yi already regarded him as a koi in his heart... everything was so natural.

At this moment? The carriage's wheels stopped again.

The groom driving in front opened the curtain and said: "My lords, is this area in front of a private house? The carriage cannot enter. I see that the adults you are chasing have already entered through the entrance of the house first."

"Okay? Thank you." Zhuo Yi nodded? Immediately, several people got out of the car.

As the groom said, what caught the eyes of Zhuo Yi and others was a gorgeous mansion with carved beams and painted beams. Various patterns of ancient mechanical beasts were carved on them. It perfectly integrated the style of this world, including the door. A plaque decorated with neon lights. The word "Defu" is written on the flashing and dancing lights.

"Is this the director's residence?" Zhuo Yi stood at the door and was stunned. Then he walked back and walked in, following Jiugong Liangzi and others.

His intuition has always been accurate.

I feel like something bad is going to happen.

Although Zhuo Yi clearly knows that with Monk Jin Deng here, there will be no problem no matter how great the danger is.

But in the end, you still have to protect your own woman.

This is what a real boyfriend should look like.

...

The troops were divided into two groups. On the other carriage? Lord Diulei and others who entered the core city as servants successfully received the news from Zhuo Yi.

"Sure enough. Zhuo Yi brothers are very lucky. Not long after entering the city, they bumped into Miss Rong and Miss Liangzi." Lord Diulei said with a smile.

In fact, he had expected this result.

After all, he is beside Zhuo Yi. But following the only koi in the world of cultivation...

"Then do we still want to go to the astrology club now?" Xiang Yi asked.

"We still have to go. A large number of dignitaries flock there every week to divine astrology and personal luck. Although finding two people in this imperial city is like finding a needle in a haystack, it is not as difficult as imagined."

Wang Ming nodded and said. He used brain waves to convey the location of the astrology club to the minds of the rest of the people.

This is a real-time map. The flashing red moving light point is their current position. The astrology club at the end is marked with a yellow star. It is clear at a glance.

"It's actually this astrology club?"

Xiang Yi was stunned when he saw the mark on the map.

"What? Have you been there?" Er Ha asked, raising his eyebrows.

"Yes! It's a coincidence. I actually run a tobacco, alcohol and snack shop next to that astrology club. I'm the boss behind that shop. And today is the day to sell special products!"

"Special sale items?"

"All kinds of snacks. Limited edition figs, limited edition lollipops, limited edition bubble halls, limited edition crispy noodles and the like...these gadgets. Those powerful people may not look down on them. But those But the children of rich and powerful people are very happy to buy them. They often go to collect cards for snacks and carry boxes and boxes to their homes."

Xiang Yi laughed: "Sure enough, it's better to make money from children. Otherwise, how do you think I got the 60 million gold gear coins?"

"..."

After hearing this, everyone in the Office of Strategic Deception fell into silence.

Limited Edition Crispy Noodles...

Or a different world version of limited edition noodles...

He didn't know why. Everyone in the Office of Strategic Deception had a feeling at this time.

maybe.

That man...

Coming...





Chapter 1663 That man's 17 years old


Tomorrow is his birthday. Wang Ling In fact, he has never had much expectations for his birthday. Because there have been so many birthdays in the past years, he has long passed the age of looking forward to birthdays.

Every year on my birthday, I tell Wang Ling that I have grown one year older. And I have become a billion points stronger.

For Wang Ling himself, before finding a sure way to completely control combat power, every birthday is nothing more than a reminder that God has stuffed a spoon full of gunpowder into his body...

Nowadays, people of the same age are looking forward to their birthdays. But Wang Ling hopes that time can go slower.

Ever since Wang Ling turned seven, he has never had a birthday party in his memory.

Because it's hard to imagine that he can even blow out a candle and blow out the fire ball technique of Fire Release, and directly burn down the house...

So this year's birthday gift is the same as in previous years. With Wang Ling's permission, Father Wang and Mother Wang still give Wang Ling the option to cash it out and let him buy what he likes.

Seventeen years old.

This year's birthday gift cash red envelopes seem to be more generous than in previous years.

Father Wang was surprisingly not stingy. The couple stuffed 17,000 yuan into it.

This is a huge sum of money for Wang Ling.

When opening the red envelope, Wang Ling received the couple's full heartfelt wishes. Each bright red banknote was written in beautiful pencil calligraphy: "Happy birthday, son."

These one hundred and seventy banknotes. Father Wang was tinkering with them in the study for a long time last night.

He wrote a lot of blessings online. After sorting out his thoughts, he planned to transcribe them bit by bit on paper money.

Later, he discovered that there were too many blessing words. It seemed that he could not fully express his feelings with these one hundred and seventy banknotes.

So, after a thousand words, only one sentence of "Happy Birthday" was left.

However, Wang Ling has no intention of spending all this money.

The main reason is that I can't think of what I want to buy. But the snacks from the canteen that I really want to buy are so cheap that I don't need that much money.

After collecting the money, Wang Ling plans to go to the bank. First, he will deposit this huge amount of money into his own account.

Just when he was about to teleport away, Ah Nuan girl crawled over and pulled his trousers out of nowhere.

In fact, Wang Ling discovered it recently. He discovered that the little girl likes to cling to him.

And he is not a person who likes to be clung to by others.

He didn't know if it's because of the blood relationship. He doesn't have the slightest objection to Ah Nuan's stickiness.

Wang Ling looked at Wang Nuan: "Want to go together?"

Wang Nuan said "Yeah!"

So, he half-crouched down and picked up Ah Nuan girl. The whole set of movements was so smooth and natural that there was no trace of anything wrong.

In fact, this is also the result of Wang Ling practicing many times with Er Ha in private. Mainly because he was afraid that his hug would be too stiff and make his sister uncomfortable.

Seeing Wang Ling hugging herself. Ah Nuan girl also became happy. Her fleshy body was stretched on Wang Ling's shoulder. It was like a little fat bird perched on the shoulder. She just likes to stay in her brother's position.

The whole scene is so warm that it's incredible. If anyone else were watching here, they would definitely feel it was unreal.

Although Wang Ling never showed any expression from beginning to end. But with such gentle actions and the cautious way he treated his sister, there is always a feeling of sadness when traveling with Wang Ling, the "role model of our generation." Unreal feeling.

After depositing the money, I came out. The whole incident took less than half an hour.

The specific time-consuming is as follows.

Use "Great Teleportation" to move to the nearest bank.

The whole process took less than 1 second.

Wang Ling found that all the ATM deposit machines were under maintenance, so he took the initiative to get an account and wait for manual processing.

Due to the large number of people on Saturday.

Then I waited in line for a full 27 minutes before I called him.

Then came the manual deposit process. It took more than 2 minutes...

But thanks to the time spent queuing up, Wang Ling also sorted out his thoughts on what gifts he wanted this year.

He thought that the other-world version of limited-flavor crispy noodles in the Virtual Realm looked pretty good.

All you have to do is buy those crispy noodles. Currency in the real world cannot be used universally.

But in fact, Wang Ling also has some savings of his own in that world.

Because not long after Lord Diulei realized that there was a "Virtual Realm." in the Arctic. Wang Ling actually noticed the existence of that place...

Because there are other world versions of limited-flavor crispy noodles. And these crispy noodles are sold in limited quantities every year.

Wang Ling actually held back from uprooting this strange otherworld.

Of course, he actually knew exactly what this group of people was planning...

Whether it's Old Ancient Divine Weapons or New Ancient Divine Weapons.

Wang Ling thinks. If someone really thinks that they can rule the universe with these scraps of metal, it would be a bit too fanciful.

The fact is that no ancient magic weapon, whether new or old, can withstand the power of his punch...

...

Today, just in time for his birthday, also happens to be the day when this limited edition gear noodles from another world are released.

It is said that as long as you draw crispy noodles with a golden gear card in the package, you can get a free pack of neon rainbow crispy noodles.

In terms of taste, Wang Ling doesn't know how good it is compared to other crispy noodles. But he still knows a little bit about the effect.

It is said that as long as you eat "Neon Rainbow Crispy Noodles" and go to the toilet in the next few days, the things in the toilet will also turn into a beautiful rainbow color. And it can last for a full seven days...

Limited edition dry noodles. Sometimes they are not necessarily sold in terms of taste. They may also use "novelty" as a selling point.

When ordinary crispy noodles can no longer meet the needs of Wang Ling.

These unique crispy noodles can really bring Wang Ling different feelings.

Give him a sense of satisfaction.

Of course...

Wang Ling enters the Virtual Realm. There is also a cover-up of identity.

His name in this Virtual Realm is a single name, which is the word "Jin" with the word "Ling" removed1.

1("Jin" is "ä»Š," while "Ling" is "ä»¤.") For all the big and small bosses who run game arcades in the core area, this name is an absolute nightmare.

Because the game arcade is the main source of income for Wang Ling to earn currency in this world.

As for Ah Nuan, as long as Ah Nuan is in the shadow state, he can always lie on his shoulder and will not be discovered by outsiders.

So. When Wang Ling put on the white fox mask prepared in advance and swaggered into a game arcade in the Imperial City, almost in an instant, the game arcade entered the first level alert mode.

"It's Jin! Jin God appears again..."

"Is he going to smash the boxing machine again today?"

The person in charge of the game hall saw the familiar figure enter from the control room. The whole team was in a cold sweat. He stared at Wang Ling's figure. Immediately, he ordered his men: "Go get someone to stall him. Then inform Mr. Jia immediately. Ask him if he has any ideas..."

"Didn't the boss go to that underground boxing ring?"

"Back early...now at the astrology club next door!"

"OK! I'll ask right away!"





Chapter 1664 Furong's Wrath


Virtual Realm. The core area of the Imperial City. In the central hall of the huge castle.

On the gleaming king's chair embedded with various beautiful crystal stones, an old gentleman wearing a gold-rimmed spectacles sat on it. He held the black scepter in his hand with both hands and narrowed his eyes into a straight line. The seam has an invisible air and a very distinctive face. The most conspicuous part is the pitch black mole at the corner of his mouth.

"Sir, Hei Long has been captured. But when he was captured, he had already killed three past commanders." A floating spherical guard entered the palace and emitted an electronic sound to inform him of the current situation.

"This matter should not be made public. Those past commanders have also made backup avatars before. Have they been replaced?" Nawei responded calmly, holding on to the scepter.

"All of them have been replaced with the newly developed New Ancient Divine Weapons. As of now, the families of these killed commanders still have not reacted."

"Yes. this thing was done beautifully." Nawei smiled: "Shou Chong and Hei Long are all in place. The merger of the God's Brain has been completed. Now we are just waiting for Mr. Gong to volunteer his body Have...have they...arrived?"

"Yes Lord Nawei. They have entered Ducas' mansion."

"Send people over immediately. Surround the mansion. Be sure to capture Gong alive. Try not to damage her body."

"Yes, my lord."

After arranging all this, sitting on the king's chair, Nawei breathed a sigh of relief.

At that time, his master, Master Wu Xin, divided the brain tissue of his left and right brains into separate portions.

One of them had already been implanted in Hei Long when he was created.

And the other part is in Shou Chong's body.

After years of painstaking planning, the brain of God has finally been assembled. This makes Nawei feel very unhappy.

Of course. One thing that makes him more happy is.

He found a body more suitable for creating New Ancient Divine Weapons for mass production...

If we could get such a body, we would replace the existing materials with the latest bionic technology.

His New Ancient Divine Weapons. Will be invincible...

...

Following the address given by Ducas before, Sun Rong and others arrived at this magnificent private residence. Scardy had already been in the core area through his own connections and channels when he was in the slums. Construction and operation within.

The purpose is to wait for the day when he gets the pass and becomes a real master. He can drag his family and move directly into this magnificent house.

This is the lifelong wish of all humble people.

Although Ducas is different from the ordinary "untouchables", he is the most promising among the "ascended people" in the slums to enter the core area and move to live in this huge and splendid imperial city. But the "ascended people" are in the archives They are still classified in the "low status" area.

The only difference is that their assets and connections are comparable to those of ordinary Jiji people. They belong to high-level Jiji people.

But now, the situation has completely changed. Ducas finally realized what he had dreamed of for many years. He moved into a large house that he had already laid out. He could settle down comfortably in this imperial city, take ten or eight wives, and raise a family. Pile of cute babies. Live the life you want.

At least. That's what Jiugong Liangzi thought when he saw this mansion. Sun Rong.

However, when they actually entered the mansion, the strange tranquility inside was beyond Sun Rong and Jiugong Liangzi's expectations.

As a powerful ascendant, Ducas had already begun to complete the layout of the interior of the Imperial City since he had the ability to stay in the slums. It is impossible that such a huge mansion does not even have a single hired servant.

"It's a bit strange. Rongrong..." the team voice channel. Jiugong Liangzi couldn't help but become a little nervous. She grabbed Sun Rong's cloak. She could clearly feel that something was wrong with the atmosphere in the mansion.

"I can feel the breath of Mr. Ducas. It should be in this room in front of me..." Sun Rong led the way. She actually had an ominous premonition in her heart.

Relying on the powerful passive perception ability of man and sword, Aohai still recognized Ducas' aura in this mansion. But this aura was very weak.

He was completely different from the Ducas who had parted with them on the road leading to the core area.

After they arrived at the core area, their first reaction was not to complete Zhu Yuanrun's mission and really hunt down Hei Long. It was because of what Monk Jin Deng said. They wanted to catch up with Ducas as soon as possible to avoid Ducas being in danger.

But judging from the current situation, Sun Rong realized that they were still a step too late after all.

Although Ducas walked in front of them, the time apart was only less than an hour!

"Mr. Ducas..."

In front of the main door of the inner hall, Sun Rong clicked the door. The door was not completely locked. It opened easily with just a slight click.

The inner hall was deathly silent. After the call from Sun Rong, there was a strange and slight whimpering sound.

The voice was muffled. You couldn't hear what was being said at all. And if you didn't listen carefully, you wouldn't even notice it at all.

Under extreme anxiety, Sun Rong finally walked to a wooden wine barrel hidden at the back of the inner hall.

And the breath of Ducas.

Just inside this wooden wine barrel...

Sun Rong gritted his teeth and mustered up the courage to lift the lid of the barrel. A foul smell immediately hit his face. It was a complex and unbearable rancid smell. It seemed that it had been marinated for a long time. Spoiled meat products.

Sun Rong and Jiugong Liangzi were dumbfounded.

Because right inside this barrel, an eyeball was looking at them. Even though Ducas's appearance was completely unrecognizable, Sun Rong could still tell that it was Ducas's eye.

"Mr. Ducas..."Sun Rong's eyes turned red instantly. He tried to use Aohai's healing sword energy to repair it.

However, this is no longer a futile effort.

Ducas had been killed long before they arrived.

Such a big piece was chopped into pieces and put in this wine barrel together with the scattered parts...

"This is his rightful calamity. The healing sword can save the living. But it has no effect on the dead." Monk Jin Deng sighed. He made a Buddhist salute to the barrel. The light of the Buddha has condensed in his hand.

If this light shines, Ducas can quickly end his pain and enter a new reincarnation.

But before lighting this light, Jin Deng seemed to have thought of something. He extracted the inaudible whimpering sounds in the barrel.

Condensed into a short string of words...

This is the death information that Ducas gathered using his obsession before he was killed.

There are only two words: run away.

"Perhaps it's because he left his address before. He expected that we would come to him. That's why he left this message."

Monk Jin Deng sighed. He spread out his Buddha's hands, which were covered with golden light and filled with the boundless power of Buddhism: "Mr. Ducas. Your message has been received by the young monk and the two girls. Have a good trip... young monk Guess, you will be extremely happy in the next life..."

A ray of light fell down.

In the wooden barrel, Ducas took his last obsession and turned it into particles of gold powder. It floated to the pure land of bliss...

After all this. He saw that the two emotional girls were both in tears. He comforted them by saying, "Miss Rong. And... Liangzi. Right now. The battle is not over yet. Keep moving forward."

He felt that his words were not comforting.

Modern cultivators have not experienced too many past wars.

However, the peace that I was used to enjoying has faded away. The true path of cultivation is often much more cruel than modern cultivation.

This truth can only be understood after personal experience.

Touching the cycle of life and death...

Except for that man, no one has the ability to change the determined outcome.

"Senior Jin Deng. I understand."

After wiping away the tears from the corners of his eyes, Sun Rong raised his eyes and scanned the surrounding area with his spiritual consciousness: "Come out... I will wait for Mr. Ducas and return his pain to you double. !"

The words just fell.

A powerful sword energy suddenly roared out of Sun Rong's body!

In this moment, Jiugong Liangzi next to him was shocked.

"Rongrong..." She felt that Sun Rong seemed like a different person. In other words... her previous understanding of Sun Rong was completely incomplete.

The sword energy emanating from her body is too strong...

Jiugong Liangzi thought that he had only experienced this feeling of awe once since he was so old, when he had the honor to meet the famous sword master in Huaxiu!

And now, the sword energy erupting from Sun Rong's body... seems to be more violent than the impact she had when she saw the Sword Master!

This is the real thing. Hibiscus Fury.





Chapter 1665 The current Foundation Building period. Are you so brave?


There are more than a dozen gloomy and cold breaths with boundless coldness, coming indifferently from all directions. The target is the foyer of the mansion where Sun Rong is currently located.

These malicious spiritual powers seemed to be replicas. From the intensity to the smell, they were all exactly the same. Let Sun Rong immediately judge that these people were most likely the New Ancient that Monk Jin Deng had mentioned before. Divine Weapons. Only man-made cultivators with strict standards can have such a consistent sense of harmony.

From the breath, spiritual power to the malice seeping out from within. Everything is exactly the same.

Jiugong Liangzi was extremely frightened. She was not someone who had never seen big scenes. But now this batch of New Ancient Divine Weapons surrounding them. Even though they were not the final finalized products, each of them had reached the level of perfection. A combat power that is close to God level.

Although not at the level of Hei Long. But at this moment, there is strength in numbers. The impact of those malicious accumulations on Jiugong Liangzi, a Golden Core cultivator, is also huge.

Surrounded by so many fighting machines with widely different realms, Jiugong Liangzi's face immediately became ugly. However, although her face was pale on one side, Sun Rong's face was red on the other side. She looked like she was ready. Prepare to fight.

This can't help but make Jiugong Liangzi even more confused deep in his heart...Sun Rong Isn't she just a Foundation Building stage? Is the current Foundation Building stage so brave?

Because now he and Sun Rong have become good friends. Jiugong Liangzi didn't feel embarrassed at all. He just felt a little weird.

Could it be that senior Jin Deng also consecrated Sun Rong?

Jiugong Liangzi thought about it for a long time, but the doubts about this question were getting bigger and bigger in her heart. After all, she herself had been enlightened by monk Jin Deng. She knew what it felt like.

It is true that the strength of the physical body will become stronger after the light is turned on. However, in the face of a huge difference in realm, the fear caused by the gap will still appear involuntarily.

When she was dealing with Hei Long before, Jiugong Liangzi's mind was filled with the scene of "you and me" between Zhuo Yi and that pretty boy. And the more she thought about it, the more irritating it became. As a result, she had no time to think about other things... but Now, their group is surrounded by more than a dozen New Ancient Divine Weapons who are accurate to God. After all, the situation has fundamentally changed.

Jiugong Liangzi is not stupid.

Although she felt it was incredible in her heart, she could feel it. The sword energy in Sun Rong was definitely not consecrated by monk Jin Deng... but came from her own power.

At this time, outside the inner hall door, more than a dozen shadows transformed into black shadows and appeared in front of them through the hazy window paper. Everyone was wearing a uniform and slim-fitting black clothes. A very special black hemp rope was tied around their waists. Above, they all wear a clown mask.

One of them went around to the roof. His eyes released golden light through the holes of the clown mask: "My lord requires that Mr. Gong be captured alive. The rest can be killed."

"yes!"

Jin Yan stopped talking. At the same moment, the cold atmosphere around him shot out the inner hall. He locked Sun Rong almost at the same time!

Sun Rong felt a chill in his heart. Fortunately, he had exchanged masks with Jiugong Liangzi before. He also used the passive ability of Aohai's human-sword fusion to simulate the breath of Jiugong Liangzi with the "Mirage Illusive Breath Technique." As a result, This group of people set their sights on themselves.

"Senior Jin Deng. Protect Liangzi!"

"I understand." Jin Deng clasped his hands together. Then he took a step forward to protect Jiugong Liangzi behind him.

He has never organized the action of Sun Rong because it is a rare opportunity for experience. As a senior, it is a very unethical thing to compete with juniors for experience points.

"Thank you, senior!"

Monk Jin Deng is there to do the logistical support. Sun Rong can do it later without any worries.

Immediately she looked at Jiugong Liangzi and smiled: "Liangzi, I know you have a lot of doubts now. I will explain it to you when I find the opportunity later." The situation was urgent. She only left this sentence to her. Step on the ground. The whole person rises into the air. Holding Aohai in hand, he breaks through the ceiling.

Bang!

Along with the crushed rubble, the girl's figure appeared along with the azure sword energy. Like a water hibiscus, the infinite breath of the sea rolled around her body, forming a sword wave that impacted along the surrounding area.

Jin Yan on the roof obviously did not expect that Mr. "Gong" would actually choose to take the initiative to fight under such an encirclement attack. And when the sword energy on Sun Rong's body struck, his face was also exposed. With a look of contempt, I wanted to reach out and stop him.

Finally, when he hit the seemingly inconspicuous sword wave Sun Rong, Jin Yan was shocked to find that this was not an ordinary wave at all. It was a stormy wave!

The unexpected impact carried an overbearing force. It shocked his right arm to the point where it started to go numb!

Jin Yan reacted quickly. A large number of combat skills were input into his brain. Faced with such an unexpected and violent impact, even though he was suspected of underestimating the enemy, he was not completely without remedies.

Under this situation, a head-on confrontation would only make him lose an arm in vain. So he very cleverly used the thinking concept of "connection-transformation-emission" in Tai Chi.

It looks like he is taking the move, but in fact he is using energy, a force that can move a thousand pounds. The fierce force brought by this sword energy is released from one point to all directions, and is constantly dispersed.

As long as this strength is released, even if his arm suffers an impact, it will not be completely broken.

Finally, with the sound of bones dislocating, Jin Yan took a step back.

He used the combat skills input into his brain to resist the trouble caused by underestimating the enemy. In the end, the price he paid was just a dislocated joint.

Like most New Ancient Divine Weapons, they feel no pain. Dislocating their joints seems innocuous enough.

His face was calm and calm. He just used his left arm to help twist it, and his right arm was reattached.

"This person reacts so quickly." Faced with Jin Yan who reacted quickly. Sun Rong was also surprised after testing this move.

"It's not that the reaction is fast. All New Ancient Divine Weapons have the same combat experience. They are like calculators. When faced with different moves, they can quickly find ways to deal with them in the database." At this moment, Sun Ying'er was at Sun Rong analyzed it in his mind.

"So that's how it is."

Sun Rong nodded. She held Aohai's hand tightly. A look of confidence appeared on her face.

If the opponent is fighting her according to a pre-set program.

Then from Sun Rong's point of view, the next battle will be easy to handle.

Because after all, computer programs are still input by humans. Even if you have the ability to learn independently, if you encounter a problem that has not appeared in the program, it may be difficult to reflect it for a while.

As the first person to build a Foundation Building on Earth, Sun Rong's logical thinking at this time was extremely clear.

"Aohai...help me..." She called Aohai in her heart. This passive ability of combining human and sword gradually began to be unlocked.

And when the breath of Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube was slowly released from Aohai's blue sword body, Jin Yan's expression was stunned again.

Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube?

There is such a thing?

At this moment, he suddenly understood why the girl in front of him had such strong sword energy.

It's just a Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube... As long as he is more cautious, he should be able to successfully complete this capture plan.

However, what Jin Yan never expected was...

Just after Sun Rong unlocked the power seal of the first Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube, the aura was still soaring upwards...

"So there are two Rubik's Cubes..." Jin Yan couldn't help but sweat on his temples.

Then, his sweat beads became more and more dense, almost like raindrops of sweat...

Because the number of Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cubes he felt was not just two... there seemed to be more...

After a few seconds, Jin Yan's brain almost stopped functioning.

Just before accepting this mission, he was still full of confidence.

But now, even if he doesn't want to admit it, he has to say that he is already a little panicked...

After all, just before this mission, no one told him that six Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cubes could be fused into a spirit sword...

This question is already a bit over the top for Jin Yan.

He even had the same question in his mind as Jiugong Liangzi.

Foundation Building period these days. Are they all so strong now...





Chapter 1666 A battle beyond normal cognition


The divine power of the six Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cubes inside the current Aohai Sword works together. Under the superimposed force, a sword pressure that can be called a crushing level is formed. It is so shocking that it is unimaginable.

It is true that among Dao Ancestor Wang's original Rubik's Cube, the remaining three are now in the hands of Wang Ling. This means that Aohai will become a true "nine-core spiritual sword" in the future, but it is just that. It's just a matter of time.

But even if there are three missing at the moment, the pressure is outrageous.

"How could this be so..." Led by Jin Yan, the leader of this group of New Ancient Divine Weapons, everyone here was stunned for a moment. Their eyes were wide open. They looked like Wei Xiaobao in the first episode of The Deer and the Cauldron. That scene when telling a book.

How can a girl whose strength is only at the Foundation Building stage be able to control this spiritual sword that is fused with six Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cubes?

Jin Yan found that at this moment, his memory began to go wrong, because his mind went blank and he could not find a way to deal with this situation.

The girl with the six-core Aohai is too powerful. Just standing there. A tsunami rolled over her body. The pressure of the sword was as strong as an apocalyptic impact. All of them were frozen. Unable to move.

This is also the first time Sun Rong has shown its strongest combat power in front of outsiders.

When she slashed the Old God with her sword before, she had not reached such an outrageous level. But now, she is obviously stronger than then.

No one could have imagined that in a Foundation Building period, he would be blessed with combat power that could be called a "monster" through a spiritual sword.

That's right.

At this moment, Sun Rong is an out-and-out monster in the eyes of these New Ancient Divine Weapons headed by Jin Yan.

We can't go on like this... we have to find a way!

Watching Sun Rong approaching him step by step, Jin Yan began to forcibly manipulate his body that was stiffened by the sword. At the same time, the New Ancient Divine Weapons underneath were also called bionic humans. They all adopted the same approach.

They are too close to Sun Rong and cannot move. They can only forcefully lift the rigid state and move the distance as far as possible.

However, this move is also ridiculous and slaps in the face.

Because before coming here, Jin Yan thought this would be an easy task.

Even though Mr. Gong is very strong, they may not be able to defeat "him" because of their numbers. Bring him back to that adult alive and intact.

But the current situation. Jin Yan feels that the situation has completely changed.

"Listen to my orders. Set up the formation! Just make sure Mr. Gong is alive... Even if you break his hands and feet, beat him into a cripple. As long as you make sure he is alive, there is no need to consider other things." Jin Yan ordered as a last resort.

This was a helpless move. Originally, they wanted to bring "Mr. Gong" alive and unscathed to Nawei.

But now it's obviously impossible.

This is a battle that requires all-out efforts. The necessary casualties cannot be escaped.

Just as Jin Yan finished speaking, a dozen or so golden psychic arrows shot out of the surrounding holes, splitting the space like waves. The void that the arrows passed through directly plowed out a series of pitch black holes. cracks.

This is a combat power that is close to the level of God. Tearing apart space is already a common occurrence.

These golden arrows flashed through the void with terrifying power at a speed invisible to the naked eye. Dragging ferocious space cracks. It was poignant and gorgeous. They were unusually concentrated and headed towards the roof from multiple directions. Sun Rong shot away.

If these powerful psychic arrows collide on the roof, the mansion will be instantly razed to the ground under a huge explosion.

Sun Rong stands on the roof. Aohai's sword energy has completely covered the entire imperial city. He can clearly sense the location of these dozen androids, including before they came here. They were deliberately arranged around the mansion. The lower boundary.

This is to prevent accidents like this from happening when they take action. Let the impact of the explosion spread to other places.

However, such behavior actually helped Sun Rong.

She stood motionless. She was protected by Aohai's sword energy. In addition, the permanent consecration spell that monk Jin Deng applied to her body during the last "Yin Yang Death Tribulation Incident" made her body's strength reach an unbelievable level. An incredible situation.

Buzz!

Aohai's body-protecting sword energy was automatically released, forming an eggshell-shaped sword barrier with a radius of eight feet wide. These golden arrows struck from all directions. In the end, even the sword barrier failed to break through.

It only reached eight feet around Sun Rong. It was frozen in mid-air as if time had stopped. It was unable to move forward even half a step.

Soon!

A horrifying scene happened!

These golden arrows with huge energy were swallowed up by Sun Rong's body-protecting sword energy!

Like a mud cow falling into the sea, it fell into the endless deep sea and was quickly submerged. No trace could be found.

At this moment, Jin Yan's head was confused again. He looked at Sun Rong's face without joy or sorrow. While he was shocked by this scene, he also noticed the girl's gaze.

It was actually a kind of contempt that did not take them seriously...

"Looks like it's my turn down there," the girl said.

At this moment, Aohai's sword is filled with the mysterious color of azure. It is crystal clear and extremely brilliant. It has the immeasurable heritage of the sea, is profound, and at the same time exudes endless breath of life.

"Alluring Sword." She said calmly. With an extremely graceful and beautiful body, she danced the blue sword to draw a circle around herself.

The last time I used this powerful Alluring Sword was when Aohai and Bai Qiao were combined.

And now. Because Aohai possesses six Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cubes, this Alluring Sword has become a common skill of Sun Rong.

The only change is that last time it was a straight slash! It cut out tens of thousands of meters of sword energy!

But this time, it was a circular sword energy that was slashed out around the body, like a gorgeous waltz. It made people's scalp numb the moment it was unleashed!

Of course, she also has more powerful moves, such as a sword that overwhelms the country, or a sword that overwhelms the Globe...

But if these two more powerful moves are used at this time, it makes Sun Rong a little worried whether the barrier these people have set up around the mansion will be directly destroyed by his own move, affecting other innocent people. residents.

Buzz!

The circular sword energy of the Alluring Sword rushed out. It contained an ultrasonic wave that could not be heard even with Dao God-level ears. It slashed along all sides.

The sixteen androids, including Jin Yan, looked horrified.

For each of them...

This question is completely out of scope!

It's not a level they can handle!

Even the combat power is not on the same dimensional level!

Although they were created androids, just tools to obey orders, they also valued their own lives. After realizing that their actions had completely underestimated the combat power of this "Mr. Gong", everyone's inner feelings The first thought is to retreat.

However, Aohai's sword energy is too fast...

Along all directions. Sweeping thousands of armies!

The sixteen androids were about to retreat when their vision suddenly tilted.

It turned out to be their bodies whose heads had left...

Sixteen heads that are accurate to the level of God.

Just between this breath.

Landing together...





Chapter 1667 Wang Ling's concern


There was no blood. There was only the stinking smell of engine oil flowing across it. It was very similar to the feeling when refueling a car at a gas station.

Facing the sudden Alluring Sword. Jin Yan and the androids underground had no time to react. Their heads fell to the ground one after another.

As bionic humans, their insides are created with high-precision machinery. Therefore, even if their heads leave their bodies, they will not die immediately.

Of course, if it is an ordinary decapitation, with their regeneration ability, they can control the body to pick up the head and put the head back together.

But unfortunately, the girl was more cautious than they thought. When the Alluring Sword's sword energy swept across, it directly destroyed the sensory nerves inside their bodies, causing the mental connection between the head and the body to be completely severed. They are now completely isolated and helpless.

Of course. Sun Rong is far more cautious than that...

At this moment, she took another step forward and inserted Aohai into the earth. A huge vortex force formed in the field. It accurately locked the sixteen broken bodies here.

One body after another uncontrollably gathered from all directions with the attraction of the vortex. Then it was sucked into the vortex. It was very similar to the fruits that were sucked into the juicer. In an instant, it was smashed to pieces and turned into particles of dust...

So, in just a few seconds, the bodies of Jin Yan and others also disappeared. Only the round heads were left.

And it was only now that Jin Yan realized what kind of devil he had offended.

So cruel...

Why are there such scary guys?

"Mr. Ducas, did you kill him? You have to answer honestly. Otherwise I will be angry." At this time, Sun Rong leaned over and stared at Jin Yan's head.

Jin Yan sweated: "Yes..."

"very good."

After seeing Jin Yan's straightforward admission, Sun Rong immediately nodded.

Every wrongdoer has his head, and every debt has his own owner.

As an experienced Hanzawa Naoki enjoyer. Sun Rong knows how to return the favor.

Another move was the "mobile version of the vortex gravity technique." Sun Rong brought all sixteen heads together. They were hovering behind her like the Taoist Jade in a certain cartoon. If she insists, The description of this scene reminds Jiugong Liangzi a little bit of a hero named Syndra in "League of Legends"...

Monk Jin Deng understood. He knew what Sun Rong was going to do. He consciously stepped forward and opened the huge wine barrel that previously contained the remains of Ducas.

The remnant body inside has been successfully transcended by monk Jin Deng. Not a single trace is left.

Monk Jin Deng put his hands together. His face was full of Buddha's light and kindness: "Amitabha..."

Sun Rong Without saying a word, he threw the collected heads into the wine barrel one by one.

The Jin Yan bionic man was the last one to be thrown in. Seeing Sun Rong about to close the lid, he immediately panicked: "You...what are you going to do! And the one over there who is emitting Buddha's light." .. Aren't you monks out of compassion to save all sentient beings?"

Jin Deng raised his eyes. He stared at Jin Yan and glanced at him: "Those who have souls are living beings. You don't even have souls. What kind of living beings are you?"

These words left Jin Yan speechless.

They think they are humans. But in fact they are just machines with certain artificial intelligence created by Nawei.

Is it sad?

Maybe a little bit...

She thought so.

At this time, Monk Jin Deng was also stirred up in his heart. He felt that Sun Rong had always been a kind girl. But on some big issues of right and wrong, she showed a clearer sense of grudges than he imagined. She has a bit of the heroine style of Jianghu children.

This made him feel a little happy. He felt that Sun Rong had really grown a lot.

"Rongrong...what the hell..."

At the scene at this moment, the only confused person was Jiugong Liangzi. She felt a little broken. She didn't understand why Sun Rong suddenly became stronger...and ridiculously strong...

"Liangzi. I didn't mean to hide it from you. The same goes for Senior Zhuo Yi. I asked him not to tell you all this time... Anyway, this is a good opportunity. Why not let Senior Zhuo Yi explain it to you."

Sun Rong took Jiugong Liangzi's hand and said.

Immediately she looked outside the hall: "Zhuo Yi Senior, are you here? Stop hiding outside. I have noticed you a long time ago."

"..."

Beside the haystack outside the house, Zhuo Yi, who was lurking underground using the escape technique, couldn't help but sigh.

What should come. It will always come...

Because Jiugong Liangzi always thought Wang Ling was his apprentice...

He felt that this wonderful misunderstanding was actually quite good. At least it could help explain a lot of things.

Of course. Zhuo Yi also knows very clearly. The truth of all this cannot be hidden forever.

Now he and Jiugong Liangzi have established a relationship. And they plan to continue to do so in the future...

So this step has to be taken after all.

Even though I was a little surprised by the development of the incident.

But now.

Zhuo Yi felt that it was time for him to act like a man. He explained everything clearly to Jiugong Liangzi.

...

The other side about a few minutes ago.

Wang Ling is playing with a gold coin bulldozer in the game hall of the Imperial City.

He was holding a coin. The hand that inserted the coin suddenly paused in the air.

He could feel it. It was the fluctuation of sword energy from the Alluring Sword over there.

There seems to be a fight over there.

It is also a crushing dimensionality reduction blow.

Wang Ling didn't know why he was playing the game so well that he would suddenly pay attention to the battle situation over there. But after learning that Sun Rong was progressing smoothly over there, he did feel relieved a lot. Then he focused his energy again Arriving in front of the gold coin bulldozer in front of me.

This is already the sixteenth gold bulldozer that has been emptied by Wang Ling.

The game coins earned by Wang Ling were filled with three sacks.

There are as many as one hundred thousand pieces.

According to the discount calculation in the game hall, all the 100,000 game coins can be discounted. They can be converted into equivalent gold gear coins at an exchange rate of 1:10.

There are actually many throwing techniques for playing Gold Coin Bulldozer. The technique of Wang Ling is to attach a layer of magnetism to the thrown game coin while throwing the gold coin.

So that as soon as this game coin enters the machine, no matter where you are, it will immediately form an overwhelming momentum. Push all the game coins in the machine out...

"Mr. Jin, do you want to continue... The machines that have been emptied in front of you have been loaded with new game coins." The person in charge of the game hall wiped his cold sweat and stood respectfully next to Wang Ling.

His immediate boss is Jia Bugui.

On weekdays, whenever Wang Ling appears in the game hall, Jia Bugui will be so frightened that he trembles all over and scolds them to drive Wang Ling away no matter what method he uses...

Like other video game arcade owners, all video game arcade owners who have been "robbed" by Wang Ling almost all suffer from a disease that makes them twitch when they see Wang Ling. Commonly known as: Today is a mental illness.

The person in charge thought that Jia Bugui's attitude might be the same as before.

But who knew that when I went to report today, Boss Jia seemed to be in a particularly good mood...

Not only did they not stop him, but he also asked them to send someone to have fun with Mr. Jin.

The most outrageous thing is that there is no lower limit to this game...

Jia Bugui has already issued orders to him.

Even if today, Wang Ling takes away all the game coins from his game arcade. Even if the arcade goes bankrupt and loses everything... I still have to play with him...

The person in charge of this arcade was stunned on the spot after hearing this.

"Boss... are you serious?" Just a few minutes ago on the phone, he confirmed with Jia Bugui again.

As everyone knows, Jia Bugui answered the phone and said righteously: "Of course I am serious!"

After all.

It's his brother's birthday...

My brother wants to play. Of course I have to play with him!

Anyway, even if the arcade goes bankrupt...

It's not his money...





Chapter 1668 Containing Creatures SCB-Ninety Six


When the news of the death of the sixteen New Ancient Divine Weapons headed by Jin Yan was transmitted from the spiritual connection hub to Nawei's brain, a slight tingling feeling was immediately transmitted.

This tingling has no effect on the body itself. It simply expresses a signal that the spiritual connection hub has been completely interrupted.

This means that the sixteen New Ancient Divine Weapons headed by Jin Yan who are close to God level are completely hopeless.

The material of New Ancient Divine Weapons is very special. It has the ability to model regeneration. Under normal circumstances, even if it is severely damaged, it can still be rescued. Even if part of the body is lost, and the regeneration function is limited. As long as there is still something on the body More than 30% of the mechanical tissue is still viable.

In other words, as long as there is at least 30% of the mechanical tissue, it will not reach the point where the spiritual connection hub is directly disconnected.

Nawei's face was full of disbelief. He never expected that the combined combat power of Jin Yan and others he sent could not match that "Gong"...

However, this made him feel even more excited.

This proves that his vision is correct. This "Mr. Gong" is indeed a good material for him to further realize the "Ultimate EditionÂ·New Ancient Divine Weapons."

Of course. Regarding the failure of Jin Yan and others, it actually makes Nawei reflect.

He felt that in terms of combat power, Jin Yan and others should not be crushed and beaten. Maybe it had something to do with the order he gave at the beginning to bring this "Mr. Gong" back alive. This led to Jin Yan and others were restrained when they took action. As a result, the opponent found an opportunity.

But now it seems that there is no need to restrain our hands.

Back then, his master, Master Wu Xin, was regarded as a being who "chases souls in the underworld." Even a dead person could be saved within forty-eight hours by relying on his uncanny mechanical parts.

Of course, it would be best if he could be captured alive directly, because this would save Nawei a lot of trouble. But now there is really no need for this.

"Pass on my command."

At this time, Nawei thought for a moment and said to the spherical guards in front of him: "I want to liberate the containment device."

This instruction made these spherical guards visibly stunned, because this was a very dangerous move.

Nawei needs to order the confirmation process again.

A spherical guard issued a warning using an electronic sound: "A release and containment order has been detected. This order may lead to unpredictable dangers. The contained creatures are still in an uncontrollable state."

Just underneath this castle, there are countless sheltered weird creatures.

These creatures were all for the purpose of conducting experiments on New Ancient Divine Weapons. They were forcibly imprisoned in specific Rubik's Cube containers by Master Wu Xin using some means.

They are strange and weird. They are strong. They have certain weaknesses. But they cannot be killed completely...

"I know." Nawei smiled and said, "There has never been an effective way to deal with these guys. Nawei Mr. Gong is so strong. There must be something to deal with, right? Borrow his help. Hands. Let the active sheltered creatures consume part of their physical strength. At the same time, it will also wear down his own strength... In the end, I will send out the new team of New Ancient Divine Weapons to double-team. I will definitely bring him to me."

Speaking of which, the sphere guards already know what Nawei wants to do.

It's nothing more than wearing each other's physical strength down and reaping the benefits in the end.

But it's hard to say whether it will really go smoothly in practice.

Because those who have the ability to house creatures are weird and extremely cruel. They are difficult to control and can easily hurt innocent people.

However, Nawei seemed particularly confident about this: "It doesn't matter. That Mr. Gong seems to be a warm-hearted person. Dealing with such a warm-hearted person, it will be more interesting to put these uncertain factors aside. Even if If something really happened to someone, the worst case scenario is to pay for it. For the future development of the Imperial City, necessary sacrifices are sometimes necessary."

"Then how do you want to liberate and contain the creatures?"

"Directly use the technique of space teleportation to teleport the Rubik's Cube used for containment. Of course, the automatic release program must be set before sending it over."

"Understood..."

At this moment, the light of the spherical guard flickered, and soon the light from the mechanical eyes was projected. Along with the numbers that kept beating in the void, a series of information about the containment of living beings and the corresponding containment numbers were clearly projected in the void.

Sphere Guard: "Please choose which of the contained creatures to release first..."

Nawei touched his chin and smiled: "SCB-096. Just enable it first."

SCB-096. A creature in the eternal Dao God realm. Today's realm strength has reached the Dao Ancestor realm.

This is the weird guy that his master captured from the back side of the moon in the eons of time from Master Wu Xin.

Rabbit, human form. But because he has a pair of rabbit buck teeth, he has a strong inferiority complex. He always covers his mouth on weekdays. Only his beautiful ruby-like eyes are exposed... He seems to be a gentle and elegant person. , a creature with a very gentlemanly air. But when it comes to cruelty, it means he doesn't even recognize his relatives.

Of all the people who saw its buck teeth, no one could survive...

In order to study the tooth structure of New Ancient Divine Weapons, Nawei had to deal with SCB-096 a lot. There were several times when SCB-096 almost killed him. It gnawed his throat with its buck teeth.

Now. SCB-096 is liberated again. Nawei actually has to admit. It actually feels a bit like a public revenge.

"Are you sure that the creatures that need to be liberated are the creatures contained in SCB-096 (also known as: Material Pack Number 096)?"

"Confirmed..."

"Okay. The system has understood. It will be transmitted according to the specified coordinate position after a countdown of 120 seconds..."

...

In the game hall. Wang Ling emptied the last gold coin bulldozer. Satisfied, he exchanged the 200,000 game coins he just won for 20,000 gold gear coins.

He is not a greedy person. From the beginning, he never had the idea of eating up all the capital of the arcade. He just needs to save enough money to buy crispy noodles.

"Sir, let's go slowly!" The person in charge of the game hall had tears in his eyes. He stood at the door with his workers and sent Wang Ling away. He waved his sleeves. His heart was full of sympathy for Wang Ling. }I was moved to show mercy. I even welcomed him to come back next time.

Very satisfied with this. Wang Ling.

I think this arcade has great future.

As one of his cash machines in this world. Wang Ling feels that as long as this imperial city continues to operate, places like the video game arcade must be preserved.

Of course, he won't just "gather sheep" in one house. If the sheep are bald, he will have no place to make a small amount of money...

The Wang family's family motto has always told him that he cannot use his own abilities to make money in the real world.

Wang Ling naturally remembers this family motto.

But where he is now is not the real world. It is a different world!

Therefore. It cannot be considered a violation.

I was about to go to the snack shop opened by Xiang Yi in another world to buy dry noodles.

I had just walked less than 500 meters to the entrance of the canteen. Suddenly, there was an earth-shaking loud noise.

A cube eight meters long and eight meters wide fell from the sky like a meteor from a strange direction. It smashed the canteen in front of me to pieces on the spot...

This scene. Wang Ling has seen it before.

Just seven years ago...

It was the same scene when the gate to another world came.

As a result, this time it happened to be when he was buying snacks...





Chapter 1669 The master of sheltering creatures


When a huge cube with metallic luster and full of technology appeared in the sky on the streets of the downtown area, the spherical guard immediately issued an abnormality warning.

Because there is a difference between the teleported location and the actual location. Logically speaking, this should not happen.

"What's going on?" Nawei frowned in displeasure. He originally wanted to accurately transport the cube to Sun Rong and others. Unexpectedly, it was transported directly to the downtown area. This The situation suddenly became troublesome. It looked like many people were going to die.

"Abnormal energy fluctuations of SCB-096 were detected. It is initially suspected that the containment device left the suppression circle and gave 096 a certain amount of spiritual space. It allowed it to use its own abilities to teleport the entire cube to other locations. This resulted in a coordinate offset."

"Sure enough, it has become stronger..." Nawei touched his chin. He sneered: "It doesn't matter. Don't worry about it for now. Then release a contained creature that does not have the ability to teleport. It's right in front of Mr. Gong."

"Release one more?"

"I think SCB-1212 is good." Nawei said.

SCB-1212. Chinese name: Mute Man.

Capability analysis:

â‘ : It will launch a sudden attack on all objects that make sounds within its hearing range. It will cut open its belly with sharp claws. It is a strange humanoid creature with mantis hands. It has only a big bloody mouth filled with fangs on its head. Just looking at it gives me a strong sense of oppression.

â‘¡: Everyone who has direct contact with him will involuntarily say "Abba Abba"... and even the words "Abba Abba" will constantly appear in his brain, making it impossible to think.

â‘¢: When within the vicinity, every time you hear the word "Abba" 100 times, you will automatically gain a life and be resurrected immediately after death.

According to Nawei's understanding of SCB-1212. In the past years, 1212 has accumulated at least 1.26 million lives. This means that 1212 must be killed at least 1.26 million times. Only then will it be completely eliminated.

Nawei really wants to see what kind of chemical reaction will occur when this "Mr. Gong" meets 1212?

And this time, 1212 has a certain probability of meeting 096.

In previous experiments to contain creatures, these two creatures had never met each other. If they were to fight, they might make a breakthrough academic contribution to his research on the ultimate version of New Ancient Divine Weapons.

At this time, the spherical guard issued a confirmation command again.

"Are you sure that the creatures that need to be liberated are the creatures contained in SCB-1212 (also known as: Material Pack Number 1212)?"

"Confirmed..."

"Okay. The system has understood. It will be transmitted according to the specified coordinate position after a countdown of 120 seconds..."

...

On the other side. When a huge cube with metallic luster and full of technology appeared in the sky on the streets of the downtown area. Wang Ling and the Ah Nuan girl who had been lying on his shoulder. They all immediately Insight into the strange creature in the cube.

At the scene, debris caused by the collapse of the building flew around. While large amounts of dust were raised, panicked voices were heard from passers-by. People fled and had no idea what was going on.

Wang Ling stood in front of the crumbling kiosk with his hands in his pockets. His body is trembling slightly.

Now he finally understands what the Internet saying "shaky and cold" means...

These flying building fragments failed to hit Wang Ling. He has a powerful holy light protection on his body. This is the ability that comes with the sanctification of the body. It can be automatically activated in an unconscious state. It can block all close enemies. Flying spells or props.

Although Wang Nuan is equally powerful physically, he has not yet reached the level where Wang Ling is now.

He was worried that Ah Nuan girl would be injured, so he expanded the holy light on his body and wrapped the little girl in it.

The brother and sister work together well.

Wang Ling's mind was on Ah Nuan girl. Ah Nuan girl used her Shadow power to control the flying debris and saved the innocent passers-by from being hurt.

"What's going on outside?"

The canteen they were in was not far from the astrology club. When he saw a huge cube landing, Lord Diulei also frowned.

danger!

This cube is dangerous!

He didn't know what was inside. But from what he could tell from his years of death seeking. The souls of those imprisoned in this cube are not mundane...

"It's to take in living beings." At this time, Xiang Yi said.

He had already unzipped his sniper rifle bag and was quickly assembling the "Nine Sun Divine Sword": "According to my investigation, in order to cultivate the top New Ancient Divine Weapons, Master Wu Xin captured strange Habits of alien creatures. And these creatures all have special skills. They cannot be killed easily by ordinary cultivation methods. Therefore, they can only be imprisoned in this cubic seal container in the form of this seal."

"Then what do they belong to? It doesn't feel like they are mythical beasts born from chaos..." Er Ha frowned.

Ever since I first learned about the existence of that mythical beast, the groundhog.

Now he himself has evolved into a divine beast.

If the creature in the cube is also a mythical beast born from chaos, or has evolved to that point through later stages, it will definitely resonate with him.

But now. This resonance is almost zero.

"The creatures born in chaos are not just divine beasts. There is also a certain probability that chaotic beasts will be produced. And these chaotic beasts are also called indescribable creatures."

"Unspeakable beings? Are these beings related to the Outer God, the Old Dominator?"

"Maybe. That's all I know about it so far. At least some of the unspeakable creatures are related to the Old Dominator, the Outer God. And others are simply created by the mixture of the Great Dao and the power of Chaos. Just living creatures." Xiang Yi said.

"That's it." Er Ha nodded.

He roughly understood.

In other words, the unified name of these sheltered creatures is called "Unspeakable Creatures." They are just divided into two factions. One faction is the [Old Day Sect]. It was created by Chaos combining some outer gods and Old Dominator cells; Another faction, the [Dao Faction], was born from the combination of the power of the Dao and chaos.

At this time, the Nine Sun Divine Sword in his hand has been completely assembled.

He adjusted the 3.2 billion light-year aiming magnifier on the sword. He nodded with satisfaction: "In order to avoid harming innocent people, it is better to kill these chaotic beasts as directly as possible."

"There's no need to be busy. That person is here. This guy shouldn't be able to jump around for long." At this time, Wang Ming stretched out his hand and blocked Xiang Yi's opportunity to perform a headshot with a sniper.

Xiang Yi: "Who is coming?"

Wang Ming smiled: "Who else could it be?"

Er Ha was shocked: "Could it be the Lord...fuck! Let me tell you why I kept feeling his breath in front of me! It turns out it was not an hallucination caused by me missing him too much!"

He actually wanted to know whether Wang Ling had also come to this other world... but he wasn't quite sure.

It wasn't until he saw this extremely familiar scene in front of him that he had the answer in his heart.

Seven years ago, he also destroyed a canteen and then transformed from a toad into a dog by accident...

Who knows what will happen to this bunny man who also crushed the canteen?

At this very moment, everyone in the Astrology Club, Office of Strategic Deception, is paying close attention to the battle ahead.

I saw Wang Ling slowly walking towards the rabbit that had escaped from the container.

Er Ha rubbed his nose: "This...why do I feel that there is still the smell of Ah Nuan on your master?"

He was sure that he heard it right.

The smell of milk from a baby is still very obvious.

"Ah Nuan girl is indeed here too. Just on his shoulder." Wang Ming said.

"So she's Ling Zhenren's sister? She's too young. Is there any danger?" Xiang Yi was a little worried. He knew who Wang Ling was. But he knew nothing about Wang Nuan.

In his original world, there was no intersection between himself and Wang Nuan.

"Looking at the appearance, this should be the bunny man Number 091. It has extremely strong self-healing ability. It will kill anyone who sees its buck teeth." Xiang Yi added.

The words just fell.

A scene that everyone didn't expect happened.

Ah Nuan girl suddenly shouted: "Rabbit!--Rabbit!"

Then the whole person jumped up from Wang Ling's shoulders and flew towards the bunny man.

Faced with Wang Nuan flying toward him, this rabbit man was also unexpected. It was born on the back side of the moon four billion years ago. He has never seen such a bold human being... And there is actually a baby?

There was a hint of unbelievable fear in 091's eyes. When Wang Nuan's breath came closer, and once he rode on its neck with a milky smell, 091's thoughts were suddenly shocked.

This...

This familiar feeling...

At this time, 091's ruby-like beautiful eyes were filled with tears.

"Master..." 091 let go of the hand that was covering his buck teeth. There were tears in his eyes and he made a faint sound out of his mouth.

Wang Ling originally wanted to kill 091 with one strike of his hand.

When he saw this scene, he was immediately relieved.

Because just four billion years ago, he did use Shadow's great power at the "Top of the SkyÂ·Palm Cliff" at that time...

Therefore, 091 must be produced. There is also a causal relationship with him.

Because he used Shadow in advance back then.

Caused Wang Nuan's Shadow to react with Chaos.

And on the back side of the moon, gave birth to 091...





Chapter 1670 The only way to avoid Wang Ling's slap


When the rabbit numbered 096 showed a moved expression with tearful eyes. Wang Nuan also said that the white and soft hair on the rabbit's body crawled all the way to its shoulders. He pulled it with his small hands like a rein. 096 rabbit ears.

This pulling sensation did not make 096 feel the slightest pain. Instead, it felt very comfortable.

It has been waiting for four billion years. It has been searching for the value and meaning of its existence... Even though it has never met Wang Nuan, the ability to resonate as the Lord of Shadow is not fake.

This made 096 quickly realize that the baby sitting on its shoulders and tugging on its ears was the master it had been looking for, and the whole meaning of living in this world.

So, at this moment, 096, who had never shown a smile before, had been silent in sadness, suddenly confidently showed his buck teeth, showing an unprecedented smile.

In the astrology club, when Xiang Yi saw this scene, he was in a state of confusion.

That's not right...

Aren't these sheltered creatures supposed to be ferocious and inhumane monsters? Why are they smiling like they saw Ku Xuan's tenth update today?

There is obviously something wrong with this style of painting!

It can only be said that she is indeed Ling Zhenren's sister. With the same blood connection, things can always happen beyond normal understanding.

So Xiang Yi soon began to feel relieved. He felt that he was a little strange.

Lord Diulei: "So. This 096 is from the [Dao Sect]? Is it a Shadow derivative?"

Er Ha was ashamed: "It looks like that's right... The aura of this rabbit is very strong. I didn't expect it to be one of our own."

This result is also beyond Wang Ling's expectations. The seeds sown four billion years ago are now being recycled... This shows the wait after all the changes in the world. It is actually a little touching to taste it carefully. People can't help but shed tears on this chapter.

He saw Ah Nuan playing with the rabbit ears and looked very happy. His heart softened immediately. Although the rabbit crushed his canteen and interrupted his plan to buy snacks.

But as long as Ah Nuan girl likes it, it's like picking up a gold medal to avoid death.

After all, she is my sister. And she is still my biological sister.

Wang Ling What can I do? My sister likes her. Of course he can only pamper her.

Of course.

If one day Wang Nuan loses interest in 096, 096's life safety cannot be guaranteed... Maybe it will be directly made into spicy rabbit head...

Wang Ling It can be seen that 096 is very strong. Although he has lived for four billion years, in fact, a considerable part of this time was spent in a containment device.

In other words, the meat quality is not as old as it looks, and the taste is not bad when cooked.

And just when Wang Ling was thinking about whether to make 096 into a dish in the future. Should it be braised, steamed or spicy. 096, who was originally held by Ah Nuan with two rabbit ears, was very well-behaved. Suddenly, the face His eyes turned fiercely in one direction, exuding an extremely hostile look.

"Is there another one..." Wang Ling muttered in his heart.

Because. Accompanied by a huge roar not far away, a new cubic containment container was lowered again.

096 was making a low warning sound in that direction. At this time, Ah Nuan really searched the soft hair on the top of its head. It felt as if all his bones were softened. 096's body suddenly became weak.

"Another one?"

In the astrology club, Er Ha also said vigilantly. He didn't know if it was an illusion. He felt that the creatures contained in this cube seemed to be more ferocious than 096.

"It looks like it should be 1212." Xiang Yi frowned and said. Among all the sheltered creatures captured by Master Wu Xin, 1212 is obviously a sheltered creature belonging to the younger generation. But because of its special abilities, it cannot be underestimated.

"Don't panic. It will be okay if you have Senior Jin Deng there." Lord Diulei was calm and composed. So far, the masterminds behind this imperial city have not taken action. Instead, they have taken the lead by releasing this dangerous sheltered creature. This made Lord Diulei feel the danger hidden inside.

"We cannot blindly adopt a defensive posture. Is there any brother willing to join me. Go directly to the castle and have a look." Lord Diulei said after thinking for a long time.

"I agree with what Zhenjun said." At this time, Er Ha took the initiative to take a step forward.

"Then Zenjun and this Elder Toad will go to the castle. Mr. Ming and I will provide long-distance assistance." Xiang Yi said as he stroked the newly assembled Nine Suns Sword.

"Have you chosen a sniper location?" Wang Ming asked, looking at Xiang Yi.

"No need to select. Just go here."

"But shouldn't a sniper choose the best angle to shoot from?"

"Theoretically, this is correct. But I don't use it for my Nine Sun Divine Sword. It can see through and self-aim. And the bullets can also turn."

"???"

...

On the other side, the location of Ducas's mansion. As a huge cube landed, a humanoid monster with black hair all over its body. Its face could not be seen clearly and it slowly stepped out of your containment device.

This was almost an instinctive reaction. Zhuo Yi immediately protected Jiugong Liangzi behind him.

He originally wanted to tell the truth to Jiugong Liangzi. Unexpectedly, at this critical moment, danger came again.

"Liangzi. I'm sorry. Let's solve the immediate problems first. I will tell you everything later." Zhuo Yi said.

Hearing this, the application on Jiugong Liangzi's face remained calm, but at least it was much calmer than before. Because Zhuo Yi instinctively protected her behind him.

As far as boyfriend power goes, this is a plus.

It's just because of his hostility towards Qin Zhong. Jiugong Liangzi's expression still doesn't seem to have changed much.

Of course, Qin Zhong can actually see that Jiugong Liangzi has misunderstandings about himself. However, this situation is not the time to explain.

In my head. Wang Ming's voice came almost simultaneously with 1212's landing. Zhuo Yi and the others immediately realized what was happening in front of them.

"It seems they are here for me." Sun Rong sighed. Judging from the intelligence information shared by Wang Ming, this sheltered creature is obviously not that easy to deal with. It is also a very difficult type.

At this moment, in the smoke, 1212's huge body outlines a huge fog shadow, permeating with an extremely dangerous atmosphere.

"Leave it to me Liangzi..." Zhuo Yi gritted his teeth and walked up with the handbag in hand.

"Brother Zhuo, be careful." Qin Zhong warned from the side.

The result was something that no one expected. I wrote a reminder, but Jiugong Liangzi's reminder exploded.

Her mood eased a little. And then she got irritated with Qin Zhong. She was so angry that she stomped her feet. She yelled at Qin Zhong: "You... You're a pervert who likes men! I... I 've been putting up with you for a long time!"

Qin Zhong: "?"

As soon as he finished speaking, Jiugong Liangzi rushed up, trying to slap Qin Zhong.

"Sister-in-law, calm down...Brother Qin is not what you think..."

This situation made Zhou Ziyi react quickly. His peacemaker personality made him instinctively want to step forward to stop him. As a result, Jiugong Liangzi's slap happened to hit Zhou Ziyi's back who stepped forward to stop him.

Then. There is no more.

Because the effect of Jiugong Liangzi's blessing has not yet ended, the power of this slap is extremely powerful. It actually became a huge boost on the spot.

Boom!

A firm slap on Zhou Ziyi's back instantly transformed Zhou Ziyi into an advanced humanoid missile!

then!

He turned into a beam of light and shot out!

Shooting out with the indestructible physical strength of a five-piece thermal underwear suit like Michelin tires...

He crashed into 1212 in the smoke at the front...





Chapter 1671 Zhou Ziyi. Merit!


The development of the matter was beyond everyone's expectation. In other words, the effect of Jiugong Liangzi's slap was beyond everyone's expectation.

Due to the effect of monk Jin Deng's "consecration technique", Jiugong Liangzi's attributes in all aspects have been beyond his own realm. It can be said to be the height of dimension advancement.

This slap is a slap blessed by the sage of Buddhism. Its power is huge! It is enough to physically transcend all the people in the ancestral realm!

However, when this slap fell on Zhou Ziyi, who was wearing a five-layer thermal underwear suit.

This directly produces a very magical scientific and physical reaction.

That is - the effects of forces are mutual!

When this powerful slap landed on Zhou Ziyi's back, the backlash power released by thermal underwear also quickly fell on Jiugong Liangzi's slap due to the "reciprocal relationship between force."

But because "the effects of force are reciprocal", when the force of the counterattack backfired on Shang, a new force of counterattack was produced again.

And because "the effects of force are mutually related", the new counterattack force conveyed by Jiugong Liangzi once again fell on the thermal underwear suit...

So over and over again. Over and over again.

It was only a matter of seconds before Jiugong Liangzi came into contact with Zhou Ziyi. Due to the interaction of the forces, the force of the backlash was overlapped by the repeated horizontal jumps. It directly formed an explosive thrust!

Let Zhou Ziyi emerge from the sky at that moment...

Let him. Become light!

In an instant, Zhou Ziyi shot out and hit 1212 in the abdomen on the spot, advancing forward with a devastating destructive power!

At the moment of impact, 1212 Soul was shocked. Although its reaction was very fast, almost at the same moment when Zhou Ziyi's head hammer came up, it stretched out its hand to try to resist Zhou Ziyi's impact.

However, it never expected that a Foundation Building period would have such powerful destructive power!

His two arms melted on the spot at the moment of contact. Zhou Ziyi's whole body was surging with the red backlash of thermal underwear and the Buddhist holy light generated by the influence of the consecration. These two forces did not They cancel each other out due to mutual influence. Instead, they become stronger and stronger under the influence of each other.

The unexpected moment caused 1212 to lose his left and right arms in an instant. The holy Buddhist holy light was like two bundles of whips. The moment 1212's arm collapsed, it penetrated into the body along the wound.

This destructive power and lethality can no longer be stopped.

1212 gritted his teeth. He never expected that he would be targeted as soon as he was resurrected.

This life is definitely no longer safe.

Therefore, he could only find a way to make Zhou Ziyi stop in the last few seconds of his life.

Damn...

These damn cultivators must die!

As the representative of the "Old Faction" among the nameless beings, 1212's hatred for everyone has almost reached its limit at this moment.

It secretly swore in its heart that it would kill all these human beings in the most cruel way.

It wants these people to endure the greatest pain alive. You can see clearly that your stomach has been cut open. Bits of liver and intestines have been cut off, and then it eats them until nothing is left!

At the end of his life, 1212 used the power of his hatred to detonate himself. The huge explosion impact forced Zhou Ziyi to stop his "human missile" behavior.

And myself. It has become a torn apart piece.

But 1212 did not die just yet.

It has at least 1.26 million lives!

Not to mention being blown to pieces. Even if it is turned into ashes, it can be resurrected quickly.

The surging body finally stopped. Zhou Ziyi touched his head. He didn't know what happened at all. He only felt that he had moved a long distance after receiving Jiugong Liangzi's slap...

When his body finally stopped, except for a little smoke caused by the huge air friction, his whole body was completely unscathed.

A team headed by Zhuo Yi and Sun Rong arrived quickly later.

Seeing that 1212 had just appeared, he was turned into cannon fodder by Zhou Ziyi. Zhuo Yi's face was beaming with joy: "Okay! Xiaoyi! You have done a great job! Well done!"

Originally Zhuo Yi brought Zhou Ziyi to the Virtual Realm. The purpose was to help Zhou Ziyi make a contribution. Unexpectedly, this wish would be granted so quickly.

Zhou Ziyi himself was obviously still in a state of confusion. He had no idea what was going on.

Jiugong Liangzi had an apologetic expression on her face. According to her past temper, she was definitely not someone who would apologize immediately. She must have expressed her apology in a roundabout way.

But just now she realized that she was really wrong.

"Ziyi. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to hit you." Jiugong Liangzi leaned forward and said.

"It's okay, sister-in-law." Zhou Ziyi touched his head and smiled bitterly: "Ah, by the way, sister-in-law. What I want to say is that there is really nothing to do between Brother Qin Zhong and Brother Zhuo Yi. And Brother Qin Zhong has a wife."

In fact, Zhou Ziyi accidentally learned about this while chatting with Qin Zhong not long ago.

"..."

These words made Jiugong Liangzi blush instantly. He wished he could dig a hole and bury himself directly in it.

OMG...

What has she done.

I actually suspect Qin Zhong is a pervert who likes men...

"I'm sorry. It was my fault." Then Jiugong Liangzi turned around and apologized to Qin Zhong.

It's so shameful.

"It doesn't matter. It's all just a misunderstanding." Qin Zhong showed his signature smile.

In fact, he was not angry at all because of Jiugong Liangzi's misunderstanding. On the contrary, he found this jealous feeling a bit cute.

Little girls in love are probably all the same. They always like to think about random things. However, if you think about it, problems will arise.

But now is obviously not the time to think wildly.

Because 1212 is still alive.

And right in front of them. Reorganization has been completed.

It was at this time that everyone saw clearly what 1212 looked like.

A strange humanoid creature with mantis hands. On its head there is only a bloody mouth filled with fangs. Just looking at it makes it feel like it's infiltrating people.

"If we follow the information provided by Mr. Ming, to kill this 1212, we must kill him 1.26 million times. I'm afraid it's not that easy to do." At this time, Zhou Ziyi said.

"That's not necessarily true. Although most indescribable creatures have the ability to resurrect, as long as they don't want to be resurrected and block the idea of continuing to resurrect, they don't necessarily have to kill 1.26 million times." At this time. Monk Jin Deng smiled slightly. He took a step forward and said, "The young monk has a plan."

"What can Senior Jin Deng do?"Sun Rong became curious.

"It's just a method I just thought of. As long as the little donor can give up the idea of resurrection." Monk Jin Deng showed a kind smile. He felt that his method had a high success rate. Maybe he could make 1212 give up on his own initiative. The idea of resurrection.

"Damn humans...I will kill you all!"

At this time, 1212 has completely reorganized. Disgusting mucus is released from his bloody mouth.

But Jin Deng is faster.

He quickly came behind 1212. He patted the ground behind him. A compacted earth wall was instantly constructed from behind 1212. Along with the consecration technique, Jin Deng also consecrated the wall.

"Have you ever played table tennis?" asked Monk Jin Deng.

Everyone: "?"

At this time, without saying anything, Monk Jin Deng stepped forward and gently slapped Zhou Ziyi on the back. Then Zhou Ziyi turned into a beam of light again and shot out.

So now, in front of everyone's eyes, a very magical scene happened.

1212 stood in front of the illuminated wall, suddenly becoming a pillar of human flesh.

Zhou Ziyi was sent away with a palm by monk Jin Deng, smashing 1212 into pieces.

1212 Before he finished cursing, he was already being planned.

Then Zhou Ziyi bounced back from the wall behind 1212. Then he was sent out again. He smashed the resurrected 1212 into pieces...

One palm after another. Over and over again. Over and over again.

It's like doing table tennis fixed-point hitting training...

When it reaches the 1,600th round.

1212 completely fell into despair and gave up thinking about resurrection.

It was instantly killed as soon as it was resurrected. This kind of life with no gaming experience. It no longer wants to continue...

...

1212 it. Went peacefully...





Chapter 1672 Toolman Zhou Ziyi


In the constant cycle of resurrection and being instantly killed, 1212 finally gave up the idea of survival and chose the ending of manually deleting the account.

After Zhou Ziyi's last wave dispersed 1212, Monk Jin Deng stopped what he was doing after confirming that there was no possibility of the minced meat 1212 transformed into being recombined and resurrected.

"Solution. Is it solved..." Zhou Ziyi looked at the scene in front of him in disbelief. During the time when he was being used by monk Jin Deng, although he kept bouncing around, to be honest, he didn't. There is no uncomfortable feeling at all. Instead, there is a comfortable feeling of being massaged all over the body.

This period of time seems very long. It also seems very short.

By the time he came back to his senses, 1212 was already unable to get up again.

"Almsgiver Zhou has immeasurable merits." Monk Jin Deng put his hands together and performed a Buddhist salute. He praised him in person.

"Thank you for your hard work, Ziyi! You should take the lead in this matter!" Zhuo Yi was so happy that he couldn't help but smile from ear to ear.

Because in this case, these 1212 people were actually killed by Zhou Ziyi. No one could step in and steal the heads.

On the other hand, Zhou Ziyi had a well-earned expression. He touched his head. He had no idea what was going on with White Hair. He could only marvel in his heart at the powerful defense capabilities of this thermal underwear...

Zhuo Yi didn't lie to him. This set of thermal underwear is really strong! And it's ridiculously strong!

It's just that Zhou Ziyi feels like something is a little weird...

"Brother Zhuo asked me to wear this thermal underwear before he brought me here. He said it was to protect my safety..." Zhou Ziyi muttered in his heart. The more he thought about it, the more he felt that Zhuo Yi's purpose might be It's not just as simple as protecting his safety. Why does it look like he is deliberately arranging for him to pick up the leaks?

For a moment, Zhou Ziyi became a little messy.

All these calculations are not inaccurate. They are almost all in Zhuo Yi's plan. It makes Zhou Ziyi feel that Zhuo Yi seems to be particularly familiar with this aspect.

While Zhou Ziyi was thinking about it, streams of hot steam suddenly emitted from his body. First it seeped out from every pore on his torso, and then concentrated and spewed out from the top of his head, like a human-shaped chimney.

"This is..." Zhou Ziyi was stunned.

"After accumulating a certain amount of spiritual energy, it is naturally released from the ceiling of the celestial soul to complete the charge. This is a sign of advancement. Congratulations, Ziyi." Qin Zhong realized what was happening at once.

Zhou Ziyi was shocked again: "I... I got elevated?"

"Yes, yes, yes. If I'm right. It should be the late peak of Foundation Building."

"..." Zhou Ziyi's mouth was wide open. A look of dumbfounded amazement.

Oh, God...

That's how you get a rise!

And to see Zhou Ziyi get promoted just like that. Zhuo Yi was even happier: "Ziyi! You're too good!"

Zhou Ziyi: "..."

Zhuo Yi has been searching for the next logical successor to his "Scapegoat King" for a long time.

Now it seems that Zhou Ziyi does have the ability to inherit his legacy.

I came out here to practice. Not only did I solve a difficult creature, I actually got promoted to a higher level along the way.

The peak of Foundation Building in the later period.

This level, at Zhou Ziyi's age, is enough to be considered a genius!

And Zhou Ziyi's next step is Golden Core.

Before entering university, there are very few cultivators who can directly break through to the Golden Core.

This once again proves Zhou Ziyi's outstanding talent in cultivation.

At least in Zhuo Yi's opinion, Zhou Ziyi is much stronger than he was back then.

On the other side, at the moment when 1212's life information completely disappeared, Nawei, who had been sitting in his position, finally changed his expression drastically.

He didn't expect that one of the two creatures he sent to contain had been killed instantly!

1212! This is the most brutal of the newly included creatures!

And it has unlimited resurrection ability...

He died just like that?

Nawei feels that the situation is somewhat unreal.

"Where is 096! What is 096 doing?" He slapped his desk and became furious.

The spherical guards immediately used the surveillance insects lingering in the castle to transmit what they saw.

At this moment, 096... was being ridden by a baby. There was a slight blush on his face. The snow-white rabbit fur was trembling and running on the street. He was as happy as a lotus...

Nawei saw this scene and almost couldn't help but vomited three liters of blood.

The two contained creatures he released.

One was killed instantly. The other was used as a mount...

Isn't this just giving people heads and experience, and another giving people equipment?

"Where did this naughty kid come from?" Nawei was doubly surprised by Wang Nuan's sudden appearance.

This is just a baby girl who looks less than one year old. How can she subdue 096?

"Check for me. Whose child is this?"

"Report sir. There is currently no identity data record in the baby girl database. It is suspected to be a shady account."

"?" These words gave Nawei a heavy blow to the brain.

Black household?

A child smuggled from the ghetto?

Although he didn't even bother to take a look at the slums, the identity census was generally implemented. Everyone was recorded. It was unlikely that someone would sneak in from the slums.

Then the only thing that could happen is that someone might invade this Virtual Realm and bring this baby girl in.

"..." Although Nawei finds this unbelievable, it cannot completely rule out this possibility.

Under the violent trembling of the body. An infinite hatred ensued. Nawei wanted to teach the "Mr. Gong" a lesson. He had underestimated the ferocity of the gang.

Although he still has not completely given up on the "ultimate version of the New Ancient Divine Weapons plan", the successive failures eventually led to Nawei starting to become a little over the top.

This is his master and his imperial city!

In his territory, he is the only one who bullies others. He cannot be bullied like that!

"Send my order! Increase the intensity! Kill all these people!" Seeing that the Virtual Realm. may have been invaded by foreign enemies. Under such changes, Nawei can no longer sit idly by and ignore it.

Therefore, he decided to implement the following three plans...

"What do you plan to do, sir?"

"In the core area. Liberate all contained creatures in SCB001-010!"

"In addition, dispatch all 10,000 New Ancient Divine Weapons currently available to search for possible elements throughout the entire process!"

Having said this, the man also stood up: "Besides, I decided to do it myself..."

In order to ensure that there is no external penetration into Virtual Realm. He had to do this step.

Shou Chong's brain has been collected.

The "Master Wu Xin" deshennao made from Shou Chong's brain cell extract has also been completed.

Now you just need to merge that divine brain with your own brain.

He will become this world... no! Even the most intelligent existence in this universe! Achieve a perfect dimensionality reduction strike!





Chapter 1673 The most exciting thing in life


It was as if he had been sleeping for an extremely long time. When Shou Chong regained consciousness, he felt that he was in an out-of-body state.

A somewhat familiar human brain was soaked in a green liquid. It was connected to an unknown body along the tubes.

After a burst of intense mental pain, he felt that his whole body was wandering, as if he had been hooked by something. When he came back to his senses, his whole body was already imprisoned on an electrocution chair in a dark space.

"This is...the Intellectual Realm?"

Shou Chong, who was once selected as a smart boy, knew exactly where this place was at a glance.

Wisdom Realm. A special spiritual realm possessed by great wisdom. A place forged from the Niwan Palace where spiritual power is gathered in daily life. Slightly stronger people can refine the Niwan Palace into other derivatives such as the Memory Palace. space.

And the highest realm is the realm of wisdom.

An existence that encompasses all the advanced spaces of Niwan Palace!

People with intelligence can theoretically use the brain waves emitted by their own brains to do anything through the power of spiritual conduction.

It's just that Shou Chong never thought that his brain would one day be used to merge and become a subsidiary of others...

Now. He is imprisoned in the world of intelligence.

If this situation is explained in a similar academic language in the world of cultivation, it is actually a different kind of seizing one's body.

"Seize the body?"

At this time, in the dim and boundless world of wisdom, a disembodied voice came from the owner of this body. The words fell clearly into Shou Chong's ears: "Shou Chong. You'd better not make a mistake. I'm just taking it for Master. Just return what belongs to you.",

"Your master?" Shou Chong frowned.

Previously when his soul was in a dissociated state, he had witnessed the appearance of the owner of this body.

In his limited memory, it seemed that he had never spent any time with this person.

But for Nawei, everything seems to be less important. In his eyes, Shou Chong is just a tool used to revive the divine brain. Although the divine brain has not been completely built yet, it is probably only 70% activated. extent.

But Nawei still feels as if he can become an omnipotent existence with his current mental strength.

No one would have thought that the brain of Master Wu Xin, the most intelligent person in the universe, would be inherited by him, the only true disciple, in this way.

Nawei sneered.

He was holding a metal cane and wearing a bloody cloak. He walked out of the palace step by step.

I don't intend to explain to Shou Chong at all.

Because once the divine brain is activated to 100% level, this means that Shou Chong's brain will be completely integrated with him. And at that time, Shou Chong's personality will be completely eliminated, thereby retaining his own one. It's just a matter of a blink of an eye.

Completely eliminate foreign enemies. This is Nawei's current top priority.

...

Outside the castle, when ten huge cubes were transmitted to different directions in the core area at the same time, the powerful oppression brought by these indescribable creatures immediately radiated to the entire vast imperial city below.

In the astrology club, Xiang Yi was lying on the ground. He used the scope to clearly see the serial numbers of these containment devices: "It is the number 001-010 to contain the creatures..."

Regarding the containment area under the castle, although Xiang Yi went there alone to test it several times, he did not have time to fully investigate it.

Because there are too many creatures to be accommodated. There are nearly 10,000 of them.

As for the contained creatures in the 010-010 range, most of them are contained in the depths.

There is no way to know the specific intelligence information. The only trouble is that it is not clear what weird abilities these sheltered creatures have.

But if 096 is used as the standard, the average strength of these sheltered creatures is at the peak of Dao God. The strongest is the Dao Ancestor class who has just entered the ancestral realm.

"There is nothing we can do."

At this time, Xiang Yi sighed slightly. He had already focused his sight on the scope.

They tacitly understood each other and Wang Ming beside them, and said in unison: "I have no choice but to kill them all."

After finishing speaking, Wang Ming and Xiang Yi looked at each other and smiled.

Heroes all see the same thing. That's probably the case.

"This is the first time Mr. Ming and I have met. How did Mr. Ming know that I have the ability to kill them all?" Xiang Yi smiled bitterly.

"It's the first time I've seen it. But I'm very confident in Brother XIANG's strength." Wang Ming laughed too: "Besides. My brother was there. Lord Nawei in the castle probably didn't expect it. He was holding a single pair. Walking around in front of Wang Bomb."

"..."

What Wang Ming said was so reasonable that Xiang Yi couldn't refute it for a while.

To be honest, he felt that Wang Ming was right at all...

After all, Wang Ling is here. Even if the sky falls, there will be someone to hold it up.

Thinking of this, he looked at his "3.2 billion light-year aiming magnifier" and became extremely excited. His fair face suddenly turned red.

"Are you that happy?" Wang Ming smiled.

"Of course!" Xiang Yi said excitedly: "I know that Ling Zhenren has the secret, so there is no need to worry. If I can steal one or two heads from Ling Zhenren again, I can brag about it for the rest of my life!"

Wang Ming: "..."

Yes...

Except for those who are familiar with Wang Ling.

No one knows how exciting it is to be able to steal people's heads under the hands of Wang Ling.

In fact, Xiang Yi is not the only one who has this idea...

...

Just when the ten containment device cubes appeared in public, before they were unsealed, Zhuo Yi and Jiugong Liangzi finally explained their relationship with Wang Ling.

Because the amount of information is too huge, Jiugong Liangzi is still digesting it: "This...this...you mean. Classmate Wang Ling is not your apprentice at all. But...you Master?"

"Yes." Zhuo Yi nodded and said: "Liangzi. I've always been sorry...I didn't mean to lie to you. I actually wanted to say it at the beginning...but this matter still has to go through my master. Just allow it."

At this moment, Jiugong Liangzi understood instantly.

The "truth" she has been seeking for so many years has also come to an end at this moment.

Because according to the timeline, the ten-year-old boy that the Day-traveling ghost witnessed back then should be Wang Ling, that's right...

All the unclear points were connected at this moment.

"Liangzi. Don't blame senior Zhuo Yi. I asked him to hide it at the beginning. After all, the less people know about classmate Wang Ling, the better."Sun Rong said.

In fact, she had already made a plan.

If Jiugong Liangzi really couldn't accept the problem that Zhuo Yi concealed. She would never stop doing it...using Aohai's sword energy to manually erase Jiugong Liangzi's memory...

Although this kind of behavior smells a bit like plastic sisters, at least it will not damage the relationship between the two.

As a result, Jiugong Liangzi's reaction was much better than she expected.

Although it seems that it took a long time to digest this matter, at least it was accepted.

On the other hand, Zhou Ziyi and Qin Zhong beside them actually lowered their heads after hearing this. They both looked thoughtful...

Sun Rong knows. After this, another explanation is inevitable.

But now it is more important to solve Jiugong Liangzi's side.

Fortunately, she was not angry when she saw Jiugong Liangzi. Instead, like Zhai Yin, she began to have a strong curiosity about Wang Ling's true strength.

Jiugong Liangzi: "Then...how strong is classmate Wang Ling? Nascent Soul? Soul Formation? Or..."

At this time, Monk Jin Deng suddenly stood up and said, "Have Miss Liangzi seen those containment devices in the sky? The strength of those containment creatures. Did Miss Liangzi feel it just now?"

"With the strength of senior Jin Deng, I think I should be able to kill one of them instantly." Jiugong Liangzi said.

"Yes." Jin Deng nodded: "If Xiao Monk responds with all his strength, he can indeed hit one with one palm. But Ling Zhenren is different."

Jiugong Liangzi: "What's the difference?"

Jin Deng: "He is. A hundred million of them."

Jiugong Liangzi: "???"





Chapter 1674 A man worth 100 million


When the indescribable creatures Number 001-010 stood in the void, the most powerful aura was randomly superimposed and released, sweeping across the entire place. Their containment device was so destructive in the air. The eternal light seemed to come from all eternity. The period continues to the present. There is a sense of eternity.

Everyone in the imperial city was shocked by this scene. The powerful people fought in two groups, trying to escape from the core area. However, at this moment, their legs and feet became stiff. Each of them was shocked by these cubic creatures.

The fear originating from the spirit makes every aboriginal person in the Imperial City feel cowed, trembling, and at a loss.

"What...what the hell is going on?"

"Excellent. Why did it happen suddenly? Is this a natural disaster? What are these cubes?"

Everyone was stunned. Even the most powerful man in the imperial city didn't know what was going on with White Hair.

In the void, the ten containment cubes burst out with bright light. After the continuous light, as the cubes gradually opened, a desolate atmosphere immediately hit their faces.

For a time, the aboriginal people in the Imperial City saw the same hallucination. They saw a large amount of blood spurting out from these cubes like a waterfall, impacting everything in front of them with an aura of extreme killing.

Rubbing his eyes, the illusion of a sea of blood and killing disappeared in an instant. What followed was a series of blasting sounds like the roar of the Dao!

Ten humanoid monsters of different shapes emerged from their own cubes with their teeth and claws spread out!

However, what is completely different from the previous 1212 and 096 is that these indescribable creatures seemed to be controlled. They stood in place obediently and did not make any major movements.

Wang Ling felt calm. He glanced through King's Eyes and saw the spiritual threads connected to the heads of these ten sheltered creatures.

It was exactly what he thought. Someone was controlling these ten sheltered creatures.

Can control ten indescribable creatures at the same time. Wang Ling thinks this person is quite fierce.

But it's okay.

The situation at hand is controllable.

"A creature of the Old Days." At that moment. Wang Ling gazed at the spirits. His calm vision seemed to be able to see through eternity. Not long ago, he had fought against Fenmu Shen, who claimed to have inherited the bloodline of the Old Dominator. I didn't expect to run into him again.

He still has the strange pupil in his hand. Although there is currently no connection with King's Eyes. However, Wang Ling firmly believes that the pupil may be able to suppress him perfectly. There may be other ways of power.

Obviously, now is not the time for experiments. There are too many innocent people in this imperial city. After all, these ten sheltered creatures must be transferred to other places for solution.

So. The moment Wang Ling opened the King's Eyes, the three-petal Golden Lotus in the pupil flowed and bloomed suddenly.

A golden vortex appeared in the sky. It gradually expanded from the size of a coin to the size of a lake. Then it swept along the surrounding area and spread all the way. Countless golden vines were derived.

"What I saw was...a city?" Below, everyone in the imperial city was dazzled. The explanation was horrified by this shocking scene that was like a miracle.

Just above their heads, a vast group of buildings appeared. The towering ancient buildings were full of brilliance. They exuded endless divinity and filled the sky.

This is a Heavenly City! As high as the sky. It is also another ability that Wang Ling has never shown before!

--King's Eyes!

The "world of the heavens" built by the huge power of King's Eyes itself. The supreme world above the "supreme world", "core world", "inherent spiritual realm" and all large and small worlds built up by the power of chaos. space...

Falling into someone else's space means that the master of the space can control you.

The ruler is a god-like existence.

But in fact, there is also a limitation.

That is, if the opponent's space ability is greater than that of the space master, you can reverse the operation and annex directly in the space! Not only can you achieve polar reversal, you can even absorb the opponent's space for your own use!

This means. As long as Wang Ling wants.

When he was in Fenmu Shen's supreme world, he could completely eat Fenmu Shen's supreme world.

But that world was stained with too much blood.

Wang Ling was worried that eating the supreme world would hurt his eyes, so he did not take action after all.

"This is... the city of the heavens?" Xiang Yi used his 3.2 billion light-year sighting scope to see everything clearly. He couldn't help but murmur.

This is really outrageous. A golden Heavenly City with no end in sight appeared in front of everyone. All the buildings inside were illuminated by Dharma light. Every brick and stone was engraved with powerful law engravings.

More than just one avenue!

The power of various avenues intersects on it and then spreads out!

That indescribable sense of grandeur and magnificence strikes the hearts of everyone here. It makes people feel terrified.

In the Imperial City, everyone who saw this scene was stunned.

Including Nawei, who was leading the team to hunt down suspicious elements throughout the city. At this moment, they all stood still.

It's obvious that he has merged with the divine brain. He has activated the divine brain to 70%, but he still can't stop trembling...

This huge city of the heavens. There's a sense of oppression that's unimaginable. It's just there in one piece. It almost makes you feel the urge to fall down and worship it.

Even monk Jin Deng was completely shocked.

At a glance, he knew that such a method must have come from Wang Ling's arm. He immediately sighed in despair: "Heavenly City...Ling Zhenren. Be the only true god in the world!"

Even Jin Deng made such a sigh. Among the rest, Sun Rong, Jiugong Liangzi's beautiful face was naturally vivid on the page.

In addition, Zhou Ziyi and Qin Zhong were naturally affected.

Just when Zhuo Yi had a showdown with Jiugong Liangzi, Zhou Ziyi also found out. It turned out that Wang Ling was Zhuo Yi's master.

He thought it was a joke.

It even feels a little unreal.

A dignified savior hero. Zhuo Yi, the cultivator who blocked Tuntian Ha back then. How could he be a junior student of a Foundation Building student...

And now, with the appearance of Heavenly City, Zhou Ziyi discovered that he was too young!

Then he figured everything out.

No wonder Zhuo Yi desperately hoped that he would be successful in this operation. He began to think that this was Zhuo Yi's test for him. In fact, this was simply my application form to become a disciple.

If he could become the disciple of Zhuo Yi and the disciple of Wang Ling... he would truly be able to take off from where he was!

Even if I lose two legs in the past ten years, it will be fine.

In the next few years, he may grow faster than others even if he goes backwards!

Of course. The person who was most shocked by this scene.

At this moment, it belongs to Qin Zhong...

He heard Gu Shunzhi say so many things about Wang Ling.

But he never expected that he would actually fall into the world line of Wang Ling.

Qin Zhong wouldn't have expected it even if he was killed.

This man who was always on his altar for him to worship.

Now it was appearing in flesh and blood before his eyes!

With those familiar dead fish eyes and slight breathing sound...it's alive!





Chapter 1675 Beating


Qin Zhong has always admired Wang Ling. He has never met Wang Ling in person. But he has heard many legends about Wang Ling from Gu Shunzhi.

Now that he actually saw him in person, his mood was actually very complicated. There was a mixture of excitement, disbelief and wanting to laugh out loud.

Maybe he should have thought of it a long time ago. It was in the tavern called Excellent Era. When Lord Diulei said the name "Senior Gu", he should have realized which world line he had fallen into.

For Qin Zhong, meeting Wang Ling was actually a powerful tranquilizer, because it meant that he didn't have to worry about not being able to return to his original world.

After all, the great Ling Zhenren is omnipotent!

These ten sheltered creatures were all controlled by Nawei under the capture of the divine brain. However, the fact is that no matter how Nawei used mental power to control, he could not control their bodies in the slightest .

From 001 to 010, the ten most powerful indescribable beings were vast and vast in the sky. The moment the golden Heavenly City, full of epic oceans, appeared, it seemed to have fallen into a state of petrification. It was completely motionless.

All heavens and worlds. All dharmas are extinguished.

In the face of this overwhelming power, no creature is strong enough to compete with Wang Ling. Countless golden rattans from the golden Heavenly City hang down and aim at these sheltered creatures. It is extremely slow, but fast enough to make people feel uncomfortable. The incredible speed instantly tied up all these sheltered creatures, and then dragged them into the world of the heavens.

When Wang Ling opened his eyes again, the world in the sky had been turned upside down. He was standing on a golden city. Every brick and stone under his feet was transformed from the supreme avenue.

And right in front of him were ten sheltered creatures that seemed to have just reacted.

It only took a moment. When Wang Ling's pupil power was reduced.

Ten powerful sheltered creatures were incorporated into the heavenly world of King's Eyes in this breath.

"roar!!"

Number 001 hammered the earth and made a strange cry. He was born with six iron arms. The moment Xiaoshan's fist touched the earth of the heavens and the world, it was counterattacked by the power of the great road on the land. It was like an electric shock on the ground. Keep rolling.

Wang Ling never took action. He did not even use the divine power of the heavens and worlds to crush him. Containment Number 001 fell into a life-threatening situation just because of this simple blow.

However, the tragic situation of Number 001 did not make the other sheltered creatures feel fear. Most of these nameless creatures have the ability to heal themselves. Therefore, the injuries on their bodies are generally ignored.

On the contrary, after they saw Number 001 being injured, they all pounced on Number 001 and began to dismember Number 001 inhumanely.

It only took a moment. Number 001 turned into a pile of bones.

Then, the remaining nine shelter students became even more powerful. From their breath to their body shape, they all received brand new blessings.

Wang Ling didn't realize that the hosting spirits were capable of such a thing. To be so brutal as to devour their own "companions." To activate their own new powers.

However, this power is still not enough for Wang Ling. No matter how these sheltered creatures devour and grow, they cannot change the situation in front of them.

He stretched out his index finger. He reached out a little toward Number 002 in front of him.

Boom!

Golden light shot into the sky. Number 002 exploded on the spot. It was torn into pieces.

Then the pieces of meat that had been blown up and scattered in all directions turned into worm-like strips of meat, reuniting from all directions.

Is it not affected by the serious injury effect?

Wang Ling was slightly surprised.

Because the creatures he had beaten in the past had almost no possibility of reorganization and healing.

However, these sheltered creatures may not be affected by his serious injury effects at all due to their different physiques.

Therefore, Wang Ling, who originally thought the battle was a bit boring, regained his energy.

This means that he can try some other spells that he has never used before...

In normal times, there is no chance to experiment.

...

On the other side, as Wang Ling entered the world of the heavens with the ten sheltered creatures, the overwhelming sense of oppression also dissipated in the imperial city.

Nawei didn't know what happened. But when Wang Ling left, he suddenly felt that he was okay again.

"Listen to my order. Eliminate them immediately!" He used his divine brain to connect the wills of tens of thousands of New Ancient Divine Weapons. He began to control these New Ancient Divine Weapons in phalanx units. And immediately locked a focus target!

That is Wang Nuan who is riding around on 096.

He assumed that this foreign baby girl must be related to other outsiders, so he decided to do something to her. This might attract other outsiders.

It's just a baby after all.

Even though she seemed to be playing well with 096, 096 was willing to be her mount for some unknown reason and did not attack her.

But after all, 096 is just a sheltered creature. Who is his opponent for the 30,000 completed New Ancient Divine Weapons?

And when Nawei gave the order, the New Ancient Divine Weapons phalanx closest to Wang Nuan quickly surrounded him along the street.

Dao God level New Ancient Divine Weapons. There are more than a hundred of them.

This made 096 feel a little nervous.

Wang Nuan grabbed 096's bunny ears. The expression on his face remained unchanged.

Xiang Yi, however, looked through his high-power scope and was worried: "Mr. Ming, this girl is surrounded..."

"Don't be anxious. It'll be fine." Wang Ming looked calm.

Sure enough, shortly after Wang Ming finished speaking, a familiar emerald green light emitted from Wang Nuan's body.

Because of the huge difference in numbers, Sword Spirit's savior contract was triggered again.

So. Leng Ming was summoned here from the Sword King Realm.

Although it had only been a few days since the last battle, Leng Ming's combat power showed a completely new change every time he appeared on the stage. He had grown even more.

"The Lord of the City wants us to capture her. If you don't want to die, get out of the way." In New Ancient Divine Weapons, the person in charge of leading the team is a blond. The appearance and hairstyle of these people are automatically pinched through big data distribution. It comes out. Everyone looks different.

"It's inexplicable. I'll give this sentence back to you." Leng Ming said. He stood in front of Wang Nuan, floating slightly in the air. He was wearing a smart practice uniform that was windless and automatic, showing his divinity.

This group of New Ancient Divine Weapons were all stunned. Then they turned into anger.

The God-level auras of more than a hundred of them were superimposed together, and they all bombarded Leng Ming, trying to teach him a lesson.

However, Leng Ming did not even take a step back.

"I've already warned you. Don't blame me for taking action." Leng Ming snorted softly. He spread out his small palm. A piece of emerald green grass appeared in his palm.

"Kid, you took this grass to kill someone?" The blond man and the people behind him laughed instantly.

Leng Ming said nothing.

Boom!

He threw out that one little blade of grass. Across the street!

It's an unbelievably fast move. This little blade of grass split the street in two. It cuts an abyss! Countless New Ancient Divine Weapons troops couldn't react. They fell in.

And then. The rift in the abyss closes quickly and unseen by the naked eye. The streets are quiet again...

Because at that moment. Leng Ming remembered what Jingke had taught him.

Jingke said to him: Destroying the environment is wrong...

So Leng Ming felt that as long as it was damaged and then repaired, it would be fine.

In this way, it doesn't count as violating Master's wishes...





Chapter 1676 A fancy show


No one would have thought that the power of a piece of grass could be so terrifying.

It is only a few inches long, but it exudes unparalleled divinity at the moment it penetrates the past. It shines brightly, illuminating eternity.

With a terrifying sword intent penetrating from eternity, it suddenly split the earth under its feet into two, opening up an abyss of chaos and burying all these Dao God-level New Ancient Divine Weapons in the abyss of chaos. !

Then, the cracks in the earth merged. At the cracked location, a long row of grass grew along the sword intent that had just been released.

In just an instant, 30,000 Dao God-level New Ancient Divine Weapons were killed under a blade of grass by Leng Ming. One-tenth of them were killed on the spot!

Such a deterrent is not a big one!

If it weren't for the fact that there were other innocent people on the street, Leng Ming felt that his movement could be bigger. Maybe he could clear the place on his own.

He is only at the level of Dao God. Now with his ability, cutting Dao God with the sword is like chopping vegetables. It is no longer a problem.

This is the result of Jingke and Bai Qiao's special training every day and night.

And there is another benefit to helping Leng Ming. That is mutual learning.

Not only Leng Ming has improved. Even Jingke and Bai Qiao have also improved compared to before.

This means that once Jingke and Bai Qiao merge into "Jingbai" again, the strength of Jingbai will be increased by more than one order of magnitude compared to the original.

Three thousand New Ancient Divine Weapons were lost in the blink of an eye.

When these spiritual links were severed from the divine brain, Nawei's divine brain immediately fell into a brief stagnation. The nerves connecting the New Ancient Divine Weapons in his brain were disconnected in an instant. Like a Fragile noodles.

At the same time, the pain from mental backlash followed one after another. But the duration of this pain was not too long. Nawei soon woke up.

After he woke up, the anger that followed immediately surged into his brain.

He was furious. He immediately shook his head and jumped into the air. He was above the sky. In an instant, all the New Ancient Divine Weapons square array moved together at this moment, turning into streaks of light that gathered from all directions. It actually wrapped around his torso, limbs and head and fused.

At this moment, the aura of the strongest is constantly superimposing, converging on the individual of Nawei!

When a total of 27,000 New Ancient Divine Weapons with the power of Dao God completed their combination in the air, a sixty-foot-tall Ancient God giant also appeared in front of everyone!

With the blue sky above your head and your feet on the earth, you can feel endless power just by raising your arms!

An astonishing amount of energy is being released. It engulfs the entire Virtual Realm in an instant!

This is an automatic search through the divine brain. Because Nawei has the information of all the aboriginal people. So if you know the information of the aboriginal people, you only need to go through the process of elimination. You can remove the "ants" that have been mixed into this world. "Find them out.

"I'm going to kill you all!"

The ancient god giant formed with the divine brain of Nawei as the core. The broad palms like mountains clasped together and formed seals at this time. Lord Diulei, Er Ha, Xiang Yi, Qin Zhong, Jiugong Liangzi and others were all included. Inhaled into his own supreme world.

A supreme world built in the form of Stonehenge. It's full of large, irregularly shaped stones. They are stacked on top of each other. They are covered with obscure chaotic patterns. It's dizzying when viewed with the naked eye.

"Why are we here all of a sudden?" Lord Diulei and Er Ha were amazed.

They originally acted together and planned to directly destroy the den that housed the creatures. Unexpectedly, they were brought to the highest world by Nawei not long after they went deep.

"Oops...Mr. Ming is still outside!" Xiang Yi was holding the Nine Sun Divine Sword. He was very nervous.

"Ya!" At this time, Ah Nuan lay on Leng Ming's back and called out softly.

"What did Nuan Zhenren say?" Xiang Yi was puzzled.

This is baby talk. Others cannot understand it. But as a sword spirit, Leng Ming can understand it.

So. Leng Ming translated: "Ah Nuan said. She has sent 096 to protect Mr. Ming. So don't worry about him."

Hearing this, Xiang Yi swallowed his saliva.

All I can say is that he is worthy of being a boss...

He could predict in advance that he would be sucked into the supreme world. He contacted 096 on the spot to protect Wang Ming.

At this time, Xiang Yi just wanted to say one thing to himself: He is still too young.

Sure enough, both Ling Zhenren and Ling Zhenren's sister are standard monsters. And monsters cannot be measured using normal cultivator logic.

At this moment. In the supreme world. Nawei thought that doing this would improve his deterrence.

However, it doesn't seem to be what he thought.

These guys are obviously outsiders, and they have also been sucked into his supreme world.

But what makes Nawei feel very strange is that these people don't seem to be afraid at all. Not only are they not afraid, but they also chat...

"I didn't expect that this guy has this skill. He can actually use these New Ancient Divine Weapons absorption combinations for his own use. If he is really allowed to realize the New Ancient Divine Weapons replacement mass production plan for the entire Virtual Realm. I am afraid his strength will be even more terrifying. " At this time, Zhuo Yi frowned and said.

"Then what should we do next? If we can't defeat this big guy, I'm afraid we won't be able to escape from this supreme world, right?" Sun Rong asked. She held Aohai in her hand and was eager to try. She felt very relaxed and contented.

After all, we just had a showdown with Jiugong Liangzi. In other words, there is no need to be timid now.

"The poor monk suggested that it would be better for Miss Rong to take action later. Let the five people, poor monk, Xiang Yi, Qin Zhong, Leng Ming, and Nuan Zhenren take the lead."

"Then Zhenjun, little friend Er Ha, Mr. Zhuo and little friend Ziyi will fight for the second battle."

"Finally, it will be fine if Miss Rong and Miss Jiugong end it."

Sun Rong, Jiugong Liangzi: "..."

This plan sounds really seamless and solid.

But why do they always sound like they are picking up the slack?

And what makes Sun Rong feel even more horrified is that Zhou Ziyi can actually fight in the second round!

But thinking about Zhou Ziyi being used as a ping pong ball and running around in the audience just now. Sun Rong was instantly relieved.

"Then just follow what Senior Jin Deng said." At this time, Qin Zhong couldn't help but smile: "This ancient god giant is the power of reorganization through some means. Although this supreme world is indeed the genuine supreme world. But it is also flashy. If we can defeat it, the power of the Supreme World will be weakened little by little. Senior Jin Deng can do this in seconds."

Monk Jin Deng waved his hand and quickly stretched out his palm. Golden light overflowed in his palm. The golden light of the Great Sun Buddha condensed in his hand: "Then everyone, follow the agreed plan. In the first round, the poor monk will snipe the head."

Xiang Yi quickly climbed down and began to adjust his Nine Sun Divine Sword: "Then, I will focus on the left and right arms."

Qin Zhong nodded: "That's great. The left and right legs belong to me."

Wang Nuan: "Ya!Ya ya ya!!"

Xiang Yi, Qin Zhong: "?"

Leng Ming: "Ah Nuan said. She goes to attack the middle."

At this time, all the men in the field couldn't help but feel nervous...

Only Nawei was so angry that his scalp was numb.

This group of people...

In his supreme world, he was actually discussing how to attack him so calmly?

They don't show any respect at all! They don't show any martial ethics at all!





Chapter 1677 Office of Strategic Deception Team Building Activities


In the Virtual Realm. All the people in the Office of Strategic Deception were transferred away due to the brain. But three people were left behind.

The first person is Wang Ming.

Because he is now borrowing Jia Bugui's body, so it has not been recognized by the brain.

The remaining two are Li Xian and Zhang Zhui.

Just now. Nawei's attack was too fast. Almost a second before the brain waves were emitted to draw everyone in the Office of Strategic Deception into the supreme world. Wang Ming had already guessed what the other party was going to do.

Nawei After all, the divine brain has been activated. And Wang Ming's current state is just a shunt of the main body's brain waves. Therefore, it may be impossible to achieve counter-waves on the brain waves.

So at this critical moment, Wang Ming quickly detected the brain waves and chose Li Xian and Zhang Zhui. Using his own insignificant power compared to Nawei, he used brain waves to form a masking ability. As a result, the two The person cannot be recognized by Nawei in a short period of time.

This "mask layer" was more troublesome than imagined. Wang Ming only took less than thirty seconds to perform it. Although he successfully deceived Nawei, his own mind was also very hot, emitting hot smoke.

Fortunately, he was prepared.

Just before Monk Jin Deng and others were sucked into the supreme world, Wang Ming had asked Monk Jin Deng to leave a few Talisman sheets for cooling. They could barely survive this period.

"As expected of Ling Zhenren's brother."

Soon, Li Xian and Zhang Zhui appeared, standing in front of Wang Ming almost instantly.

They are the first batch to enter the Virtual Realm. They are also the ones who currently know the most information.

The Supreme World is currently in a tense situation. Nawei thinks that it has involved all outsiders in the Supreme World, making the entire Virtual Realm fall into a situation without main force guarding. This is what Wang Ming sees. It's an excellent opportunity.

"I've met the two seniors." Wang Ming bowed. His body was a little weak. He didn't seem to be in good condition.

Just as he was about to fall over, Li Xian stepped forward to help him. After sensing Wang Ming's condition, he was also extremely surprised by Wang Ming's condition: "You are just an ordinary person. You can actually do this..."

He couldn't imagine that an ordinary person who was not even a cultivator could push his brain to such limits.

And it still only uses a shunted brain wave to form a mask. It fights against 70% of Nawei's divine brain...

This situation surprised both Li Xian and Zhang Zhui.

He didn't know whether to say that the brain has shrunk or that Wang Ming is simply too strong.

"I'm sorry, senior. It doesn't matter to me. This brainwave won't last long after all. But I'm lucky to be able to keep the two seniors here." At this time, Wang Ming said.

He left Li Xian and Zhang Zhui behind at the critical moment. In fact, he had carefully considered it.

And at the moment when the mask layer was formed, Wang Ming also used his own power to simultaneously collect the intelligence collected by the two people so far.

Of course, this kind of simultaneous collection is only possible if Li Xian and Zhang Zhui know who Wang Ming is and do not initiate resistance. Otherwise, it would never be so smooth.

"The most dangerous people in this imperial city now are those who are sheltering the creatures. I leave two seniors behind. The main thing is that I want the seniors to deal with these guys."

Wang Ming said: "Both of our predecessors came from the Corpse Map. The current body is reshaped by the illusion of King's Eyes. It looks like flesh and blood, but in fact it is just a real illusion."

"That's right." Zhang Zhui nodded and said, "As far as our current situation is concerned, we are indeed just two dead people. Therefore, we have nothing to fear when facing those sheltering creatures."

He roughly understood what Wang Ming meant.

In fact, there are no more suitable candidates than him and Li Xian to deal with those difficult sheltered creatures.

Because most of the creatures in the shelter have the ability to resurrect, and if you are not careful, they may suffer from their weird abilities. If you use regular troops to deal with it, you will probably suffer a big loss.

But he and Li Xian are different.

Even if you are a dead person, you don't mind dying a few more times...

Because of the pupil power of King's Eyes, even if he and Li Xian are seriously injured, they can be automatically corrected. It can be called an advanced version of reincarnation.

But even so, Li Xian and Zhang Zhui actually don't have much confidence in dealing with those sheltered creatures.

They were the first to sneak in. They learned that Lord Diulei and Er Ha were also going to sneak into the underground of the castle. They planned to meet them and find a solution to contain the creatures.

It's a pity that before they met, one person and one dog were sucked into the supreme world.

"I know the concerns of the two seniors, so I have thought about it a long time ago. Maybe this thing can help the two seniors." At this time, Wang Ming curled up the corners of his lips. He smiled meaningfully. Then he said: He took out something like a scroll from his pocket.

"This is..."

Li Xian and Zhang Zhui opened their eyes almost immediately when they saw this.

"Yes. This is. Minature Corpse Map." Wang Ming responded.

"Minature Corpse Map?" Li Xian and Zhang Zhui were all surprised.

How come there is such a thing?

They know about Eternal Wrap Corpse Map. But they have never heard that Eternal Wrap Corpse Map actually has branches...

"Ha, this is something I had Ling Ling draw. After he finished drawing it, he sent it directly to my hand." Wang Ming said, "Like the mechanism of the Ancient Corpse Map, this is also a powerful sealing artifact, and it is specially designed for those who have taken in the living souls. Inside is an independent space, separate from the space of the Ancient Corpse Map. The two seniors will be able to utilize this artifact, and I believe that they will be able to succeed immediately."

"This was actually painted by Ling Zhenren?"

Li Xian feels that Wang Ling has done another thing beyond his knowledge: "When did he draw this ...?"

The Ancient Chaos Weapon. It doesn't lay eggs. Just like that?

"Soon after, just before he opened King Eye's Heavenly World, he casually got one. Although it was rather random, it was enough to deal with that group of sheltered beings."

"..."

"When using it, the two seniors only need to hold this Minature Corpse Map and wander around in the underground space." Wang Ming said: "All contained creatures that try to attack you will be suppressed by this Minature Corpse Map and then included in the map. world."

"..."

At the same time, the battle in the supreme world on the other side continues.

Facing such a huge ancient god giant in the enemy camp's supreme world, it is unrealistic to say that there is no fluctuation in my heart. It can only be said that when there are enough teammates, the Office of Strategic Deception and others found it here. A sense of balance.

Monk Jin Deng, who took action first, looked thoughtful. Master Wu Xin, an old friend he respected very much during the Eternal Era, did not expect to meet again under such circumstances.

Although. The person he met was the successor of Master Wu Xin. His apprentice Nawei.

But the fluctuations emitted by the divine brain are not fake.

At this moment, he took the lead in attacking. His first move was a golden light palm of the Great Sun Buddha.

The palm that covers the sky fell from the sky. It pressed downwards. You can clearly see every line on the palm. These lines released golden light. The energy of the golden light palm of the Great Sun Buddha was instilled into the head of the ancient god giant. Burning. Burning the sky of the highest world into a fiery red. It is an apocalyptic scene of a long night of lingering fire...





Chapter 1678 Office of Strategic Deception Team Building Activities


"It's our turn!" Xiang Yi was lying on the ground and roared. He couldn't help but see such a coordinated battle.

As a qualified sniper, the most important thing is to be calm. However, when everyone works together to face such a terrifying ancient god giant, everyone can't help but show excitement. They can't help but feel a sense of excitement all over their body. The blood is boiling.

His Nine Sun Divine Sword finally came into use after lurking in the Virtual Realm for a long time!

At this time, Xiang Yi took a deep breath and focused all his attention on the 3.2 billion light-year high-power sight.

This is a sniping distance of ten thousand years at a glance. There is no need to consider any sniping angle. You only need to lock your breath to the left and right arms of this ancient god giant as you do now. Then you can automatically lock the enemy. You can say where it is. Where to hit.

At the same time, in this brief moment of aiming, everyone can feel that this huge Nine Sun Divine Sword sniper rifle is emitting a dazzling silver light. This is a material phenomenon caused by the overflow of spiritual energy.

"I see. Is it possible to superimpose the power of bullets through the blessing of one's own cultivation..." Jin Deng said slightly surprised.

There is no magazine in this Nine Sun Divine Sword. All bullets are condensed by Xiang Yi through his own cultivation. In other words, the strength of the bullets can be controlled by Xiang Yi himself.

Of course. The most important thing is!

Since the bullet has the ability to be recycled, even after being fired, it can automatically return to Xiang Yi. There will be no waste of cultivation at all!

And this is the so-called eternal movement of cultivation!

However, Xiang Yi looked very young. Monk Jin Deng originally thought that the cultivation level fused into this bullet might not be much.

However, the next moment, the slap in the face came unexpectedly.

Boom! Boom!

It was obviously a sniper rifle. It actually made a roaring sound like a cannonball from the muzzle.

"Senior Xiang is so strong!" Sun Rong Although I don't know how Xiang Yi did it.

But two silver bullets carrying Xiang Yi's 2000 years of cultivation!

It just turned into two straight lights. It attacked the ancient god giant's right arm one after another!

"Bullets worth 2,000 years of cultivation? Two bullets equal 4,000 years of cultivation... This shouldn't be all your power, right?" The expression on Qin Zhong's face was also extremely surprised.

Because Xiang Yi looks younger than him. He doesn't seem to have this level of Taoism.

If it is possible to achieve this level of cultivation at such a young age, there is only one possibility that Qin Zhong can think of. That is that Xiang Yi may have entered a place similar to the "realm of time."

It is a mysterious place floating in the universe. Under normal circumstances, it is difficult to find the entrance. But because the flow rate is very slow, it can stay there for a year. The outside world has only just passed a day.

He thought that Xiang Yi's Taoism came from there.

But in fact this is not the case at all.

"I see. In addition to traveling through the realm of time. You can borrow the heavens."

"Borrow the heavens?" This statement made everyone around us stare in disbelief. It was the first time most of them had ever heard of such an expression.

"To put it simply, when you are strong, be strong." Monk Jin Deng said.

"Borrowing Heaven." This is not an ability that everyone has.

Monk Jin Deng can see that Xiang Yi is a person with a story, and it is indeed impressive to have such an ability.

This ability to become stronger when faced with strength may be useless to other people, but it doesn't hurt to Xiang Yi.

Because this is borrowing heaven. What you are borrowing is someone else's heaven!

He can borrow the talent of anyone here. After converting it into cultivation level, it will be condensed into the bullet and shot!

In other words, the two bullets with a 2000-year-old cultivation level just now, a total of 4000-year-old bullets, may not all come from Xiang Yi.

The total amount of work they have done here spans tens of thousands of years.

Xiang Yi can be extracted according to the needs of the situation.

Bang! Bang!

Just as everyone was thinking, two silver bullets quickly hit the ancient god giant's left and right arms.

It can be seen that Nawei wanted to reach out to block it. However, Xiang Yi's bullet began to turn the moment it approached. It made an arc from a weird angle and hit the ancient god giant's arms from behind.

In an instant, two huge mushroom clouds were blown up by the silver bullets, blowing out two huge holes in both arms.

"A bunch of trash. They are worthy of contending with me." However, on the other side, Nawei made a sound of disdain. Although the hole was blown out of his arm, it was quickly restored at a speed visible to the naked eye.

The self-healing ability of the Ancient God Giant is extremely fast. With the superposition of the power of 27,000 New Ancient Divine Weapons, the self-healing speed has also reached 27,000 times as much as before.

It was just blown into pieces. There was no way to affect it at all.

However, in fact, these two bullets are just Xiang Yi's tentative design.

"Boom!"

At this moment. Suddenly! A silver bullet that was fused with 8,000 years of cultivation erupted from the muzzle of the Nine Yang Divine Sword's sniper rifle!

It shoots forward with a devastating force and a destructive lethality!

Under the huge roar, countless space cracks were formed as the bullets passed by. Wherever the silver bullet passed, it was like a sky-shattering aurora. It seemed to have the power to kill gods! It carried a terrifying aura!

It was just a bullet. It turned into an aurora and passed by the earth. It split the land in front of me into two. The strong air wave tore it apart and divided it completely!

Countless gravel and rubble rose up as the space shattered!

Once it hits, it can knock down the sun, moon and stars in the sky!

Xiang Yi curled his lips slightly. From a long distance away, he could already feel Nawei's fear of his silver bullet.

It began to put up a huge gray-gold barrier in an attempt to resist the attack of silver bullets.

However, the power of the silver bullet is too powerful!

A bullet with 8000 years of cultivation has its own armor-piercing power. Almost the moment it comes into contact with the barrier, cracks have appeared on the surface of the barrier.

Although he was clearly in Nawei's own supreme world, he was always being passively beaten. This made Nawei extremely unhappy.

Blind defense will definitely not work.

However, resisting this 8,000-year-old bullet has made him unable to separate himself.

So in the next second, his true body appeared directly from the eyebrows of the ancient god giant.

But he only leaned out half of his body. His brain was connected by countless tubes. There were also many disgusting crushes on his body.

There was a pale beam of light converging from his mouth.

"It's the ancient divine jade! A shelling that condenses cultivation!" Qin Zhong said.

"Ancient Divine Jade? I thought it was a Tailed Beast Jade... But then again, aren't these cultivations different from Senior Xiang Yi's bullets? They cannot be recycled." Sun Rong asked.

"Miss Rong was wrong. Essentially, there is no difference." Jin Deng explained; "This is his supreme world. This cannon, which condensed his own cultivation, was ultimately consumed in his supreme world." is also another kind of cycle."

"That's it." Sun Rong nodded. She was about to step forward and open Aohai's barrier. But at this moment, Qin Zhong stepped forward and blocked everyone.

Sun Rong: "Senior Qin? You..."

At this time, I saw him crossing his arms confidently.

Finally the Koi is revealed as a Koi. The arrogant face: "Miss Rong, don't waste your energy. I'll take care of it. Don't worry. Even if I stand here and let him hit me. He' ll still miss."





Chapter 1679 Office of Strategic Deception Team Building Activities


The white ancient god jade cannon has a little black light condensed in the middle. It carries a strong power of chaos, causing the nearby space to be shaken, like a glass plate exploding to pieces.

This power is amazing. It is so terrifying that it makes people stop breathing and speechless.

"Senior Qin...really don't need a barrier?" Sun Rong is still worried about this.

If this shot hits them, although with the fighting power of everyone here, it may not kill them directly, but the pain will probably be very painful!

Sun Rong originally wanted to use Aohai's sword energy barrier and monk Jin Deng's consecration technique to strengthen the barrier. Although this would consume a lot of spiritual energy, it might be able to withstand the blow. But now Qin Zhong She stood directly in front of everyone, making her seem a little overwhelmed.

"Brother Qin, can you do it..." Xiang Yi opened his eyes wide and lay on the ground. He looked away from the scope and looked suspicious.

He actually didn't know much about Qin Zhong's origins. He only heard on the way that Qin Zhong claimed to be the only koi in the world of cultivation.

Koi?

There are too many lucky people in this world. Xiang Yi feels that his luck is quite good. Otherwise, he would not have been able to build the wasteland cultivation world into such an impressive place.

Almost all young and accomplished people in cultivation have more or less luck.

Luck is something that cannot be explained clearly, and the entity cannot be seen. In Xiang Yi's opinion, relying solely on one's own luck is of little use.

Boom!

At this time, the extremely white beam of ancient divine jade made a sound in the air. It exploded on the spot, like the roar of a heavenly drum.

Everything in the path of the destruction beam was showing a scene of collapse and destruction. The earth overturned and was cut into pieces. Endless cracks spread. The scene was blurred.

Countless boulders in the Supreme World were shattered by the beam, forming a large amount of gravel and sand dancing wildly in the sky. Qin Zhong stood alone in front of everyone with his arms folded.

Jin Deng, Xiang Yi, Leng Ming, Sun Rong, Zhuo Yi and others all frowned. Because they really believed Qin Zhong's lies. They did not put up a defensive posture at all.

If such a destructive blow were to hit, God knows what would happen.

Qin Zhong, however, stood calmly in front of him. At this time, everyone saw a seven-color airflow rising from his body. There were streaks of rays of light above him, blooming with magical light.

"Could this be..." Everyone was shocked. They couldn't believe what they were seeing.

"This is the essence of luck. How can someone really transform this ethereal thing into reality?" Even monk Jin Deng found it extremely incredible.

He saw that these condensed luck condensed into a huge seven-color koi behind Qin Zhong. With a flick of its tail, the fierce white aurora was instantly blown away. He actually used his own force to blow it away. Luck. Changed the trajectory of Aurora to an angle.

Then this aurora of ancient divine jade impacted the barrier of the supreme world!

This barrier was originally set up by Nawei himself to prevent Sun Rong, Jin Deng and others from escaping.

Unexpectedly, when the white ancient jade beam rushed up, it was refracted back by the barrier. Killing two birds with one stone, it penetrated from a weird angle. It broke through the Nawei barrier and directly broke through. The two thighs of the ancient giant.

Accompanied by a painful roar, his huge body fell uncontrollably, raising a large amount of dust. At the same time, Xiang Yi's bullet with eight thousand years of cultivation also hit him at the same time.

It only took a short moment. Under Qin Zhong's terrible luck, the ancient god giant's limbs suffered devastating blows.

"Wow!" At the same time, Wang Nuan couldn't help but want to take action. She sat on Leng Ming's neck and began to wave her little fists, as if she was going to beat the ancient god giant.

Wang Nuan wanted to take action. Jin Deng and the others did not move. They gave Ah Nuan girl a chance to show off. They stood and watched from a distance.

Leng Ming used his sword energy to firmly attach Wang Nuan to his shoulders. He tried his best to let Ah Nuan girl use him as a chair in a comfortable posture.

The two of them were less than ten years old together. They were just two children. And one of them was still a baby. They didn't look so lethal and destructive. The moment the fleshy little fist was swung out, it seemed that It brings a complete confusion to people.

It looks like it doesn't feel painful at all.

However, when Leng Ming and Wang Nuan approached, the Ancient God Giant, whose limbs were still recovering, let out a shrill scream originating from Nawei.

"Ouch..."

Two giant shadow arms poked out of the ground. They were the shadows of the Giant himself. Ah Nuan girl manipulated the two shadow arms. Like a chicken, she was pulling at the Giant's thighs, which were still in the process of being replicated.

Actually started trying to attack his midsection like he said he would.

Nawei screams again and again.

Though it was the Ancient God Giant who was injured. Not him.

But the Goliath's nervous system is connected to his brain.

And as a man. The most intolerable pain is a fatal blow to the midsection of the body.

A group of people were turned to stone. The cruelty of Ah Nuan girl was beyond their imagination.

She was just a little girl who was just born. She actually used her little body like a grain of sand to tear apart a sixty-foot ancient giant...

"Is this the way to master the skills of the barbarians to defeat the barbarians? He actually used the giant's shadow to defeat the giant. He is worthy of being the Lord of Shadow." Er Ha was full of admiration.

But they know it very well. This fact is not the full strength of Ah Nuan girl.

"Damn thing. I'm going to cut you into pieces..." Inside the body of the Ancient God Giant. Nawei, who controlled the giant, was in severe pain. His anger reached the extreme.

It only took a moment. He actually used a gecko's tail-cutting technique, completely abandoning his lower body that was being torn apart, and detaching his upper body.

Then the left and right legs, which were being separated like chicken legs in Wang Nuan's hands, turned into a large amount of black sand and were decomposed. Then they rejoined his lower body. They were so flexible that it was unimaginable.

"Clang!"

At this time, the transformed Nawei once again controlled the Ancient God Giant to take action. A golden spear appeared in his hand. It was more than a hundred feet tall. It was taller than his body!

He held it with one arm, and then swung it violently. The spear pierced the void, bursting out with a lot of light, and drove towards Wang Nuan.

"That's wrong. Why does it feel like he's been being abused all the time? But his aura hasn't weakened at all?" Lord Diulei felt something strange.

"It's because his divine brain has become stronger again. Before, his divine brain wasn't fully activated..."

At this time, Monk Jin Deng said: "If we really wait until his brain is activated to the level of Master Wu Xin, maybe no one here except Nuan Zhenren will be his opponent."





Chapter 1680 Office of Strategic Deception Team Building Activities


Only those who are also at the Eternal level and have come from that era know just how powerful the Eternal-level powerhouses are.

A monk has four thousand reincarnations. But the Tao practice is far more than four thousand lives. If each reincarnation lives for a hundred years, then there are 40,000 years of Tao practice. It can be said that it is a true cultivation of 40,000 years.

However, only Monk Jin Deng himself knows how many specific practices there are.

Even though Li Xian and Zhang Zhui were hung up and beaten by Wang Ling, it was because their opponents were Wang Ling.

In the Supreme Corpse Map, any Eternal-level powerhouse cannot be underestimated.

Take Master Wu Xin as an example. He had the ability to escape the restraints of Dao Ancestor Wang and sneak away under his nose. His strength is naturally unparalleled.

As the battle continues, Nawei and the ancient god giant controlled by his divine brain become stronger and stronger as the activation of the divine brain increases. As a hostile enemy On the one hand, the Office of Strategic Deception and others cannot ignore it.

Just in the next second, the Ancient God Giant changed again. Along with the brilliant light blooming from his head and eyes, blood streaks appeared all over his body. There was a certain ferocious and domineering aura that roared throughout the supreme world.

This aura was so shocking that it exploded. It turned into circles of air waves that impacted everything around him, sweeping across thousands of miles. Then, fresh nerves and blood vessels condensed from these blood lines, causing his body size to skyrocket again.

In just a moment, the Ancient God Giant's muscles expanded and his bones were elongated. He reached a height of one hundred feet! His body was more than a circle stronger than before. Black armor began to condense all over his body.

"Pangu body protection?" Jin Deng frowned slightly. Now things seemed to be a little troublesome.

He could feel that this was not the final perfection of this ancient giant.

The current Nawei's divine brain activation level has only just reached 80%. He can actually form this "Pangu body protection." Under such a hegemonic body, let alone Xiang Yi's eight-thousand-year-old bullet just now. Pierce it. It's just itching.

This breath was so amazing. It suddenly increased the sense of oppression brought by this supreme world. It made people feel suffocated for a while.

"You two girls, be careful!" Upon seeing this, monk Jin Deng quickly protected Sun Rong and Jiugong Liangzi, and immediately took them into his core world.

What he is most worried about is the safety of Sun Rong and Jiugong Liangzi.

Because once these two people are injured.

The result is terrible.

It's nothing more than triggering two endings.

That's the end of the world. And the destruction of the universe...

...

At the same time, on the other side, in the world of the heavens, Wang Ling also felt strong fluctuations coming from another supreme world.

He controls the heavens.

The power of this world of heavens reaches any space in the universe. Even if you are in the world of heavens, you can easily feel the resonance from other lower spaces.

He knows. This is not all of Nawei's power.

As time goes by, he will become stronger.

Although there are Ah Nuan and Leng Ming in the supreme world over there, they are obviously enemies that he can easily deal with. Wang Ling feels that he cannot let his sister take this risk.

After all, Ah Nuan was just born not long ago.

As the Lord of Shadow, she is certainly powerful, but she still has to bear some risks when dealing with map boss-level monsters.

For example, hair loss and so on.

If it's more serious, it might cause bruises and broken skin?

So Wang Ling decided to resolve the battle under his control as soon as possible and stopped playing.

Of course, the reason why he did this was not entirely for Wang Nuan.

After all. My birthday is coming soon.

If this is not resolved, it will be postponed until the day after tomorrow...

Wouldn't it be a loss if you don't receive a birthday gift?

right...

He didn't go there just to save Sun Rong.

Just to ensure that these people who can buy gifts for themselves will not get hurt.

...

At this time, in the world of the heavens, a huge millstone appeared from the sky with the endless pupil power released by Wang LingKing's Eyes.

The radius of this millstone is thousands of feet. It is so shocking that people are speechless. At this moment, the sky and the earth seem to be connected. Endless thunder falls from the clouds. Electric current rushes across the millstone. There are mysterious things that people can't understand. Runes emerge from the millstone.

At this moment, these nine sheltered creatures were completely stupid.

They thought they could fight Wang Ling...

It wasn't until the moment the millstone offered by Wang Ling appeared that they realized that this was a match with almost no chance of winning.

At that moment, the remaining nine sheltered creatures felt their eyes darken, and a sharp pain erupted from their bodies!

They were shocked.

I never expected that the man in front of me would have something so terrifying!

--The Chaos Millstone of the Great Universe!

This is the most powerful chaos weapon derived from the power of multiple avenues and the power of chaos!

Back in the God's Domain, even a chaotic magic weapon with only a few percent of the chaos power could be overtaken by several Dao God family heads.

As for the "Great Cosmic Chaos Millstone" presented by Wang Ling in front of me, its chaos power as a chaos weapon has reached 97%...almost approaching saturation!

So now comes the problem.

What is the function of this Chaos Millstone?

From the perspective of cultivators on earth.

Spell levels can be divided into levels one to fifteen.

Among them, spells that exceed the tenth level can be recognized as super-level spells.

This "Cosmic Chaos Grinder" is a combination of super level spells! And the lowest spell level starts at 99! The highest level is 999!

That is to say. All beings targeted by the Chaos Grinder. Will be randomly selected from a minimum of 99 levels to a maximum of 999 levels of spells. One of these spells will be chosen at random by the lucky selector. And they will be punished!

If you don't die directly after the punishment. Relatively. You'll be rewarded with the Chaos Grinder. Maybe you'll be elevated to the next level.

But if you die... You won't even be eligible for reincarnation. You'll be destroyed.

The nine sheltered creatures are all eternal creatures. They have only heard the legend about the Chaos Millstone. But they have never seen it with their own eyes! Let alone believe that such a thing actually exists in the universe!

Until now, this chaotic millstone appeared in front of them.

They instantly realized that their fate was over.

Now. These nine sheltered creatures are aware.

Just now Wang Ling has been using more than ten levels of spells. He is basically playing tricks with them...

A dozen levels and a minimum level of ninety-nine. This gap is really outrageous.

No matter how strong their resurrection ability is, under the bombardment of ninety-nine-level spells, they will definitely be beaten to nothing.

Can you survive to receive the reward?

This doesn't exist at all...

Because no one has ever survived the attack of the Chaos Millstone.

The most outrageous thing is... before this Chaos Millstone launches its attack.

A nice female voice actually came out of the millstone: "Congratulations. Creature No. SCB-002. You are about to be punished by a level 99 spell. The punishment spell is: Sky Burial Divine Fire. The spell will be configured in 1 second."

There is no reaction time.

The next second, with the gentle rotation of the chaotic millstone, a pillar of fire rose out of the sky at the foot of Number 002.

For a moment, flames shot up into the sky. Hell-like red light illuminated the entire world. Number 002 was burned to ashes on the spot and became dust in the universe forever...





Chapter 1681 Office of Strategic Deception Team Building Activities


Several asylum students suddenly changed their colors. This was too strong. It was basically a dimensionality reduction attack.

Number 002's combat power has reached the upper-middle level among the creatures they housed. However, under the Chaos Millstone, even the lowest level 99 spell cannot be withstood.

When the fire bamboo of the God-Burying Fire rose up from the ground that day, it was accompanied by a hell-like devouring fire. It was so hot that it swallowed up the sky and the earth together. The other contained creatures jumped away instantly and hid as far away as possible.

As for Number 002, who was hit with a targeted and precise attack, he was not so lucky.

When he looked back, he had been reduced to ashes. The place where he died had turned into a sea of fire. From a distance, it was submerged by the breath of the Dao. Various laws of order were intertwined, forming a forbidden area that no one dared to easily enter.

Not to mention being hit head-on by the pillar of fire from the Sky Burial Divine Fire. Even the sea of embers and fire left behind after the pillar of fire was not something any of their sheltered creatures could withstand.

One of them was killed instantly.

There are now a total of eight remaining sheltered creatures.

And. No one can escape.

At the same time that the millstone was sacrificed, Wang Ying also appeared. He folded his arms and observed secretly.

He was glad that he chose to return to Wang Ling's body...otherwise, he might have ended up with these sheltered creatures.

Because this Chaos Millstone is also an ability he has never possessed. He can tell that this Millstone is a product derived from King's Eyes.

As a shadow, the only thing that cannot be copied from Wang Ling is the King's Eyes.

He never thought that this man's King's Eyes could actually derive such a magical object.

A chaos device with 97% of the power of chaos, nearly 100% of it. Just looking at it makes you feel like you have given up hope of survival.

The most outrageous thing is.

These seemingly fearless sheltered creatures were actually forced to learn to speak human language at this moment. They knelt down and begged Wang Ling for mercy: "We... were wrong..."

Several sheltered creatures knelt on the ground.

Although they have been making strange noises and not saying a word since the beginning of the battle, it does not mean that they cannot speak human language.

Deep down, these sheltered creatures still have a kind of contempt for human cultivators. They believe that human cultivators are just low-level creatures derived from the Great Dao.

But now, when such "low-level creatures" appear in front of them with such crushing destructive power, the sense of fear that arises spontaneously, and the resulting sense of awe, make them have to Wang Ling bowed his head in front of him and surrendered. He gave up all dignity and fell to the ground.

Wang Ling glanced at a few sheltered creatures without saying a word.

He is not some devil.

I did think of leaving a few of the "old world" hostages behind for further study.

The ones surrendered now. They're "005, 007 and 009" hostages. And they're all from the old days.

This is exactly what Wang Ling wants.

So he used King's Eyes to move away the death star locked on the three sheltered creatures.

The Chaos Millstone received the order almost immediately. It canceled the punishment for the three sheltered creatures and dispersed a golden light to protect the three sheltered creatures from being affected.

At the same time, the next round of punishment began again.

From the chaotic millstone, the indifferent female voice came again. It conveyed a kind of supreme pressure. It seemed to represent the heavens: "Congratulations. Creature No. SCB-003. You are about to be punished by a level 188 spell." The punishment spell is: Eight-note Death Knell. The spell will be configured after 1 second."

The words just fell.

A huge black ancient bell appeared in the void. It was a faint virtual image, but it carried an extremely terrifying death threat.

An invisible sound wave came accurately. It contained eight different sins and emotions: arrogance, jealousy, anger, laziness, greed, lust, gluttony... and not voting.

These eight sins and emotions were outlined together. They were integrated. They condensed into a hemp rope and converged into a terrifying torrential sound. It swallowed up Number 003 at once. It was directly hit by the sound wave, and then disintegrated into particles of dust.

Before he died, he let out an extremely shrill scream and tried to use his own means to resist. However, such resistance was simply a thorn in the side of a tree.

Because Number 003 faced a level 188 directional spell.

Being shaken into powder under the sound wave. This kind of pain is tantamount to Ling Chi...

No! More painful than Lingchi!

Especially during the period before death, you will feel as if there are countless knives stuck in your body, dividing the flesh bit by bit.

This is a ruthless massacre and annihilation.

And at the moment Number 003 was solved, several new sheltered creatures knelt down and chose to surrender.

But this time, the Chaos Mill did not stop inflicting its own punishment.

The redemption mechanism of Chaos Millstone exists. But it does not mean that there is no limit to redemption.

After failing to surrender voluntarily for the first time, Chaos Millstone will automatically add those who have not surrendered to its blacklist. By then, it will be too late.

Even with the consent of Wang Ling, the millstone cannot be stopped.

Unless the entire Chaos Millstone is destroyed.

Facing these creatures from the old factions, it is naturally impossible for Wang Ling to destroy the millstone. The chaos millstone will still be of great use in the future.

All I can say is that the chance of redemption is in your own hands.

...

After finishing the third containment creature, Wang Ling opened the King's Eyes space again. Collect the surrendered Number 005, 007 and 009 in his own King's Eyes space.

The rest. Everything in the world of the heavens can be easily taken care of by the Chaos Millstone.

The most important battle next is the battlefield on the other side.

Ah Nuan could have his hair burned off or bruised at any time. No matter how paralyzed his brother was, he couldn't just sit back and watch.

Wang Ling discovered that since Ah Nuan was born. He seems to have indeed changed a bit.

It seems that he can feel a little bit of the warmth of human kindness that he never cared about in the past.

I just don't know why. He still feels stuck sometimes.

Especially when he saw Sun Rong.

There's a knot in your heart that can't be untied.

Sometimes. It even makes him ache for a while.

And now. Wang Ling calls it "evil relationship" ... From what he can tell. It doesn't seem to have been broken so easily.

Even Wang Ling himself didn't realize it.

Unconsciously, some people, have entered, his life...

She shines, in a world of darkness, she seems to shine less brightly.

But even so.

That little bit of light, at this time, is the only light in the world.

At that moment. When Wang Ling opened his eyes again.

The view. The world of the Ancient God Giant. He has locked it down...

Below.

That's right. Time for the show.





Chapter 1682 The most powerful sniper in the universe


As the brain is gradually activated. The giant of the Ancient God became more and more oppressive. He stood tall. His huge head exudes a certain unspeakable majesty, and he carries an aura of supremacy with his hands and feet. Like Pangu in the myth of the opening of the heavens and the earth.

At least in Jiugong Liangzi's opinion, there is not much difference between the two.

She hid in the inner world of monk Jin Deng. Together with Sun Rong. Compared with Sun Rong, who was already used to it, the shock in Jiugong Liangzi's heart could not be greater.

Only those who have experienced it personally can understand it.

Such a magnificent scene. Jiugong Liangzi is aware of her own training and talent. If I hadn't met Zhuo Yi, Sun Rong, Wang Ling and the members of the Office of Strategic Deception, I 'm afraid I would never have seen it in my lifetime.

---

The visual impact of such close proximity. The sense of pressure and shock is really amazing. Far from the cultivator Zhenren in the cultivation of cinema real battle + CG special effects that fictional scene can be compared.

"Liangzi. Don't be too nervous. We are still very safe in the core world of senior Jin Deng." Sun Rong reassured on the side.

In fact, with her current combat power and protected by Aohai's sword energy, she doesn't need the protection of the core world at all. But senior Jin Deng still kept her here. In fact, she also understood the meaning of this.

I just want her to comfort Jiugong Liangzi.

As a young cultivator, it is indeed easy to get addicted when watching such a big scene for the first time.

It can easily lead to high blood pressure, heart disease, and adrenaline hormone overload.

Sun Rong felt the same way at first. How could I not understand?

But now... I'm used to it just by looking at it.

And in the follow-up. As far as Sun Rong's own conjecture is concerned, with Zhuo Yi's personality, which at first glance is like a peerless good man doting on his wife, there is a high probability that Jiugong Liangzi will apply for many "girlfriend-only benefits." It is certain that the realm will advance by leaps and bounds. Maybe there are all kinds of magic weapons in hand that make people envious...

Of course. In fact, what Sun Rong is envious of is not his combat power, spells, or magic weapons.

As long as she is willing to rely on these things, she feels that Wang Ling will never be so stingy to her.

So the point remains. Spoiled!

A girl, a young girl, of course, wants nothing more than to be pampered...

Is she short on money to buy all these blinding spells, magic spells?

She just hoped that the log would be a little more forthcoming sometime...

But for now, Sun Rong thinks this is a luxury.

"The activation of the divine brain is about to reach 100%. Today I will tell you how powerful it is to have the strongest divine brain in the universe." At this time, the voice of Nawei came from the body of the ancient god giant. It was a kind of The mental fluctuations radiated through brain waves. He never spoke, but his voice was transmitted to everyone's ears.

Then, in a state visible to everyone's naked eyes, the body of the Ancient God Giant was extremely concentrated.

It only took a moment for it to shrink to the size of a normal person.

This is a smaller version of the Ancient God Titan. But it is more capable than the original.

"It actually condensed the New Ancient Divine Weapons absorbed into the body into the size of cell particles on the body..." Monk Jin Deng frowned. He could tell at a glance what the changes in Nawei were.

A total of 27,000 New Ancient Divine Weapons. After being compressed by the divine brain, they became only cell-sized. This also means that Nawei's physical body is stronger than before! It's like a quilt. A compressed sponge. When the density is smaller, its strength also becomes stronger!

Of course. This is not the scariest thing.

The scariest thing is of course.

These New Ancient Divine Weapons, which are transformed into cell particles, can really divide continuously in the body like human cells!

Even if a New Ancient Divine Weapons only has Dao God level strength...

Perhaps when 27,000 Dao Gods merge into one, the Office of Strategic Deception may still have room to contend with the combined efforts of everyone. But if they continue to divide...

In the end, there will be hundreds of millions, or even tens of billions, or hundreds of billions. The outcome is hard to say.

"It turns out that this was the idea from the very beginning of the fusion." Er Ha also began to become nervous. Although the Nawei in front of him became smaller, it was compressed and was undergoing continuous division in the body. Its aura continues to superimpose and become stronger and stronger. On the contrary, it is even more difficult to deal with than the original ancient god giant.

Nawei shrunk into the size of a normal humanoid. His appearance has also changed. He is extremely handsome and charming. He is white all over. Tight and precise muscles are carved on his body piece by piece. They are very similar. A piece of sculpture art.

He was wearing nothing on his upper body. The white robe was just hanging down, hanging down on his waist. From a distance, it looked like a holy white skirt.

The original Nawei is an old man with a mole. Who would have thought that after fusing so many New Ancient Divine Weapons, his appearance and body would undergo fundamental changes.

At this time, his silver hair was flowing down, exuding an astonishing domineering power, and his white robes were swinging in the wind without modification. With one step, he was thunderous, and the wind swept the remaining clouds. He used his body as a guide to turn into a ray of light towards Monk Jin Deng. Impact away.

This speed is astonishing. It is like thunder on flat ground!

The speed is even more amazing than shrinking to an inch!

Although Monk Jin Deng had reacted quickly when Nawei made the move, he had not yet grasped the appropriateness to respond to this move. After just a hasty palm strike, an astonishing explosion exploded from the palm strike.

In an instant!

Centered on the explosion point where the two palms met, a bottomless pit with a radius of tens of feet appeared out of thin air in the highest world.

Then there is the influence of the law of the supreme world that is constantly shrinking and repairing.

This palm was full of impact. After the palm, a trace of blood oozed from the corner of Monk Jin Deng's mouth, but he was still capable of fighting.

At the same time, everyone in the Office of Strategic Deception also knows that Nawei's divine brain will only become stronger after it is activated to 100%.

Therefore, this battle must end as soon as possible. It cannot be delayed any longer.

"Everyone gather fire! Let's go together!"

At this time, Lord Diulei spoke. In this case, there was no need for strategy and command. Since he decided to focus the fire, he naturally used his unique skills.

As for the Office of Strategic Deception, everyone's cooperation is also very tacit.

As if it was agreed in advance, everyone turned their attention to Zhou Ziyi on the side.

Zhou Ziyi immediately raised his hands in a gesture of surrender: "Seniors... you... what do you want to do..."

In desperation, there was no need to explain anymore.

"Ziyi. You obey." Zhuo Yi immediately picked up Zhou Ziyi's collar and threw it directly to Monk Jin Deng: "Come on, Ziyi. Let's go!"

Monk Jin Deng took over Zhou Ziyi. He stepped forward and applied a 100% consecration technique on Zhou Ziyi! + a large concentration technique! It actually condensed Zhou Ziyi directly into the size of a sniper rifle bullet!

At this time, Zhou Ziyi finally understood what this group of people wanted to do...

However, he was unable to resist at all.

Because the next second, he had been loaded by Xiang Yi and stuffed into the Nine Sun Divine Sword.

"I'm here to help too!"

Then, Lord Diulei gave Zhou Ziyi a copy of the effect of his enhanced soul-suppressing ring, adding a buff! In case anything unexpected happens to Zhou Ziyi, he can be resurrected immediately on the spot!

Then, Er Ha transformed into his dog form again and used the swallowing technique to grow his mouth. Let Xiang Yi enter its mouth to shoot!

Breathing Technique + Sniper Rifle Blocking. The combination of these two powers will produce a turret effect similar to a big horn!

"I'm here to help too!" Everyone got on. As a koi, Qin Zhong certainly couldn't sit idly by. He also jumped into Er Ha's mouth. Together with Xiang Yi, he held the Nine Sun Divine Sword!

And that's when the trigger was pulled!

Wang Nuan and Leng Ming took action at the same time!

The power of a Shadow doubles the power of the bullet!

The other one used his sword energy to clear the way for the bullet to avoid interference from foreign objects!

So. The next second!

Accompanied by a loud bang!

The most powerful bullet in the universe. It was shot from the Nine Sun Divine Sword. It was accurately shot at Nawei's head...





Chapter 1683 Recovery


Boom!

At this moment, a huge earthquake occurred in the entire supreme world. Just because of this "Zhou Ziyi bullet!"

The expression on Nawei's face was initially unperturbed. Because the New Ancient Divine Weapons in his body are dividing like cells. The strength of his body is not weak. Xiang Yi's bullet that concentrated his cultivation. He won't be afraid even if it takes tens of thousands of years.

But when he saw that everyone in the Office of Strategic Deception was united as one. Everyone used their special skills to focus on the bullet. His heart, which had been so still, finally couldn't help but jump.

He never expected that the Nine Sun Divine Sword actually had such a gameplay.

Using a living human being as a bullet. This is the first time Nawei has ever seen such an ingenious maneuver, even with his extensive knowledge inherited from the God Brain.

At this time.

He felt a sense of tension in his brain.

If you were hit by this bullet!

No doubt about it. He will die!

Therefore. Never let this happen!

"Boom!"

At this moment, in the sky, endless thunder strikes, destroying everything. Time in the supreme world seems to have frozen. Gravity is adjusted. All the power is condensing and exploding. Just to stop Zhou Ziyi from sniping towards the head. Bullets!

At this moment, a violent roar caused the world to collapse. Endless powerful aura spread here, covering the entire void. Countless cracks were formed in the supreme world from all directions.

The boulders in the entire supreme world floated and rushed towards the designed bullet, trying to weaken its power.

However, Leng Ming's sword energy protection was particularly good.

That little glistening green light seems to be nothing compared to the collapse-like darkness of the entire supreme world. However, it plays a vital role, guarding the bullets as they move forward bravely.

"Stupid future generations. You don't know what the Ancient Power is..." Nawei was filled with dissatisfaction. Because among the people in the Office of Strategic Deception. Except for Monk Jin Deng, almost none of them can be called a true Vanguard. Even those who came out of the Secret Realm of Time. They're just defective products of a quick fix.

There is no understanding of the high and noble ideals of a Vanguard.

The real Eternal Ones. But the people who have truly lived from that era to the present! Their memories are a whole story. They control the long-lasting epic that ordinary cultivators cannot reach...

It is precisely because of this that Nawei wants to use his own strength to face up to the value difference between these cultivators of later generations. As an old-timer, he will tell these young cultivators what it means to not be in the same dimension. Hierarchical dimensionality reduction attack.

But now, with this Zhou Ziyi bullet that is about to kill him, Nawei's mind begins to waver. He begins to doubt whether his thoughts are wrong. He even once felt that he was not true. 's old.

Face this indomitable bullet.

At this time, Nawei found that all his efforts to stop it seemed to be in vain.

This Zhou Ziyi bullet is too powerful. It has the power to destroy the world. It's as if it can cut off karma. In this brief moment, no matter how much Nawei used his mind to visualize the future of this bullet. His mind went blank.

"You can actually do this..." Nawei's spirit fell into a brief stagnation at this moment.

"What a pity. It's just a little bit close. I will be invincible..."

He said this. Then he sighed softly. Then he slowly closed his eyes.

This Zhou Ziyi bullet, with the joint efforts of everyone in the Office of Strategic Deception, finally accurately penetrated Nawei's forehead and hit the red heart!

His whole head exploded in an instant!

The body and head were separated, but not even a trace of blood flowed out. The moment the bullet passed through, it was directly swallowed by the space.

Lord Diulei did not expect that this tacit attack that gathered everyone's combined efforts would be surprisingly effective.

"Speaking of which, what should I do with Ziyi...if I don't stop him, he will keep flying..." It wasn't until he finished shooting that Zhuo Yi suddenly thought of this problem.

"No. My Nine Sun Divine Sword has a resource return function. The bullets fired will eventually return to me. Brother Ziyi is no exception." Xiang Yi said with a smile: "But I really didn't expect it. Human bullets."

"But. Did we really kill him?" Er Ha was a little skeptical about this.

Nawei just now. It was really close to being invincible...

As long as the divine brain is fully developed and reaches 100% activation state, I am afraid that even with Wang Nuan's current strength, it may be difficult to fight Nawei alone before he matures in a few years.

"It is indeed dead. I can feel that Nawei's breath has disappeared. It is completely gone." At this time, Qin Zhong said. But having said that, the expression on his face was different from Er Ha. with a certain solemnity.

Nawei At the moment of death, Qin Zhong felt that he realized many things.

These eternal beings have been pursuing supreme power since ancient times. Even until recently, they regarded the cultivators of later generations as ants. This can be said to be the entrustment of the eternal beings.

But in fact, the standard of the cultivation world in later generations is indeed not as good as the era of eternity when heroes were contending.

Although what we are focusing on now is the era of scientific cultivation for all, I don't know whether it has progressed or regressed compared to the past.

All of this is hard to say.

Everyone waited in the Supreme World for a while. They originally planned to wait until the Supreme World became more collapsed after Nawei died and then focus their fire to create a breach to escape.

But soon, Lord Diulei suddenly discovered that the division of this supreme world seemed to have suddenly stopped at a certain moment.

"Eh? How is it possible..."

He frowned.

The master of the supreme world is dead. Then it is only a matter of time before the world collapses.

"No, it's not over yet." At this moment, Monk Jin Deng saw a holy light in front of him. Without thinking, he shrunk into an inch, turned into a rainbow and walked over.

The rest of the Office of Strategic Deception followed closely.

Then the scene in front of them made everyone stunned again.

In the void, there is actually a human brain shining with silver light that is condensing.

"The brain... is 100% activated!" Jin Deng immediately knew what happened.

It turns out that at the last moment when the bullet shattered the divine brain, Nawei's divine brain was still 100% activated simultaneously.

But I don't know why...

Jin Deng has a feeling.

He felt that the person who was resurrected at this time was no longer Nawei.

Instead, it is filled with an aura of old age, loneliness, loneliness and death...

A "chi" sound.

Leng Ming slashed through with one sword.

As a result, his sword energy did not affect the divine brain itself. This divine brain was actually illusory. It was not in the same space as them!

Instead, he used a method of spatial differentiation to hide himself!

Then. It continued to bloom with silver light. It began to center on the brain, and derived blood vessels. Finally, it formed a spiral shape. Bit by bit, it converged into the appearance of the handsome young man before...

But at this moment, when the young man spoke, it was no longer the voice of Nawei.

"Jin Deng. It's been a long time. Are you okay?" The young man raised his lips and smiled, getting familiar with his new body.

Monk Jin Deng sighed and responded: "Wu Xin. After all... you still survived in this way."

The person in front of me is not someone else.

It is Nawei's master. Master Wu Xin himself...

At that time, he was the only one who deceived Dao Ancestor Wang.





Chapter 1684 The Eternal One


With the resurrection of Master Wu Xin in this way, the master of the Supreme World changes. New cracks are no longer formed. And there is a trend of gradual healing.

This is the first cultivator in the universe to realize the complete mechanization of himself. All that is left in his body is the rotating ice wheel gears and engine oil. Therefore, no matter where he goes, he always makes no sound. It cannot be detected through normal spiritual perception. its existence.

At that time, the monk remembered it very clearly. Wu Xin had been squeezed out by the other Eternals. He was called a monster in the world of cultivation.

But it was this monster. In the end, he escaped the punishment of Dao Ancestor Wang. He used a fake body to deceive Dao Ancestor Wang and kept it secret. He also secretly developed ancient magic weapons and helped Fenmu Shen create a batch of them. So far, there are no The mechanical cultivation coalition forces were completely wiped out.

"So. Wu Xin... Is it in your plan to come back to life in this way." Monk Jin Deng understood.

"I wanted to share the joy of success with Nawei. But unfortunately. The development of the science of cultivation. It will eventually come with sacrifice. It's true that I've left something to chance. But..."

Wu Xin said coldly: "In this form, the borrowed body is resurrected. It was not my intention. That's why I gave Nawei a chance. As long as the brain activation level is below 99%. He can still control his body. Once it passes the threshold. I'll take over."

He said this. And he said it very sincerely. It didn't seem like he was lying.

Even now, there is no reason to continue lying.

The power of the divine brain is very strong. Monk Jin Deng knows this very well. Once it reaches 100% activation level, it can even distort reality and create a new world.

Therefore, as long as the mind is not destroyed. Theoretically, the mindless is the state of immortality.

And all he needs to do is hide his divine brain.

The Zhou Ziyi bullet just hit Nawei's head pretty well.

But at the same moment, after Master Wu Xin took over the battle, he began to quickly control the entire battle situation. The first thing he did was to layer the God Brain.

The divine brain they smashed was transformed by the divine brain's layered ability at the critical moment.

But the real divine brain has been hidden by Wu Xin.

This method is very similar to some boys who like to create hundreds of folders for indescribable movies and arrange them in a maze array. By the way, they also mark the folders with the words "I want to study hard."

In the final analysis, it is actually a similar routine.

As long as the True God Brain survives, Wu Xin will be alive.

...

At this time, as the Eternal One had no intention of taking over the battlefield, the nature of the Supreme World changed. The Supreme World, which was originally a giant stone formation, suddenly turned into a dark, scorched earth, filled with a sense of death.

Countless blackbirds as small as a horse bird with extremely long beaks are hovering in the sky, giving people a very ominous omen.

Chaos death bird?

Monk Jin Deng was in a trance for a while. He recognized the origin of this creature. At the same time, he was secretly surprised.

Because this is a bird that has been extinct for eternity. It is also one of the few creatures born from chaos.

Chi!

Suddenly, a death bird turned into a jet-black light and swooped down from a distance. It was extremely fast, like a ghost, and had a strong oppressive force.

No one would have thought that a creature as big as a horse's feet could give people such a terrifying sense of oppression.

It's really not that big.

But he is not afraid of death at all.

A suicide attack was launched directly here.

People who are directly hit by the beak of the Chaos Death Bird will be dragged directly into Chaos and then wait to die.

However, as the Eternal One, Monk Jin Deng is naturally not that easy to deal with.

He set up the Immortal Vajra Dharma Light to form layers of barriers in an attempt to resist the attack of the Death Bird.

However, the death bird seemed to have expected the monk's move in the air, and it temporarily changed its attack direction and stabbed Qin Zhong in the distance.

Honestly. Qin Zhong's reaction was a bit slow. After all, he's only a Dao God. It's impossible for such a force to fight against the dreadful extinction of the Death Bird.

He froze in place.

As a result, the death bird passed directly by his scalp and hit the spot behind him.

Immediately, a big explosion occurred behind Qin Zhong. A circular crater with a radius of 100 feet was blasted out by the overflowing chaos energy.

"..."

Although Qin Zhong has always believed that he is the only koi in the world of cultivation. He is confident and confident.

And the moment he just escaped was indeed good luck. But he didn't know why. When the death bird passed by his scalp, he still felt as if he was about to face death head-on.

"I see. The person standing over there is a master of luck."

Except for Monk Jin Deng, he didn't know any of the people standing here. He didn't get any memories of these people from Nawei.

So he summoned these death birds just for testing. Unexpectedly, he tested an extraordinary person.

The Chaos Death Bird is an ominous symbol.

It is an existence that specializes in restraining luck.

Maybe one attack will fail. But if a few more are prepared, this may not be the case.

Back then, many chaotic creatures that became extinct were not actually extinct.

Instead, they were transformed by Wu Xin. Now these transformed chaotic creatures, like him, have become silent existences that cannot be locked using normal sensing methods.

Therefore, chaotic creatures with suicidal attack capabilities like the Death Bird have become natural killer weapons.

When there were thousands of death birds hovering in the sky like black clouds, the shock and depression were self-evident. Even Qin Zhong began to panic.

Because these death birds that divide luck are indeed affecting him. He can clearly feel that the auspicious clouds above his head are weakening.

How could this be so...

He couldn't believe it.

It's just that a different person is operating it. The momentum is completely different from before.

This is the Aeon...

It was like a scorched earth world after the end of the world. At this time, Wu Xin's body was emitting a snow-white light. He stood here. He was holy like a god. He had the aura of great creation and immortality on his body.

At the same time, it also released an extremely terrifying mental fluctuation, freezing everyone in the Office of Strategic Deception in place.

Qin Zhong is a person who gathers great fortune.

To be honest, Wu Xin didn't want to kill Qin Zhong just like that. It would be best if he could be brought back alive for research.

And besides that, he also felt something very interesting.

That is on this battlefield. There is actually a baby girl who has given birth to a sword spirit.

"How could there be a baby?" Wu Xin released the fluctuations of his mind and shone on Wang Nuan.

He tried to use the power of his divine brain to analyze. The conclusion he came to told him that this was indeed a child that had just been born.

And the most important thing is...

The smell of this baby girl is very strange.

He used his mental brain to observe. He actually had a vague feeling.

And just the next second.

Just above the head of the baby girl, a number of black death birds equal to his appeared above, like shadows. They were doing the same movement as the death birds he controlled...

Wrong...

Not like a shadow.

These birds of death seem to be shadows.

This baby girl. Is it a master of the Dao?

At this moment, Wu Xin was extremely shocked.

What a joke...

[Send red envelopes] Reading benefits are here! You have up to 888 cash red envelopes to be drawn! Follow the Weixin official account [book fan base] to draw red envelopes!





Chapter 1685 The helmsman of the universe


As an eternal level existence, he has no intention of controlling the divine brain of the universe. He has a kind of strategizing and demeanor as if he has everything under control.

From the eternity of time to the present, he has seen too many incredible cosmic epics. He has seen all kinds of scenes, big and small. He has also encountered all kinds of peerless masters and geniuses.

Throughout the ages, some cultivators have only practiced Taoism for more than a hundred years, but they can compete with old monsters who have practiced for thousands of years.

This is a genius.

And these geniuses were later killed by him and made into specimens.

Therefore, collecting specimens of these "geniuses" has become a small hobby that is unintentionally hidden.

But now, a baby girl who knows the Dao has appeared in front of his eyes.

This long-lost "hobby" has now been revitalized at this very moment.

A baby who knows how to use the Dao from birth?

This shocked Wu Xin's heart to the extreme. He was filled with excitement, as if he had already seen Wang Nuan being made into a perfect specimen by himself.

This is no longer a genius.

Rather, it was an eternal genius that had never appeared before since eternity. And he had never had the experience of making a specimen of such an eternal genius.

The strong special collection habit in his heart made Wu Xin become crazy again at this moment. Even though he didn't say a word and remained calm, the terrifying aura released from his body already made people shiver.

"Wu Xin. Your thoughts are very dangerous. You have no idea what you are facing." Monk Jin Deng, as one of the eternal people who knew Wu Xin well, admonished him at this time.

There was no need to read minds at all. He just glanced at the unintentional look in his eyes and the aura that kept rising from his body. Monk Jin Deng knew that this person's specimen collecting habit had occurred again.

Back then, because of this hobby, he had unintentionally offended many people. So whenever he took a fancy to a genius and wanted to use it as a specimen, he would be fully prepared for battle. He would also take the genius's clan with him. Wipe them all out to prevent their descendants from coming to seek revenge.

Now, eons of time have passed.

At this moment when he accidentally saw Wang Nuan, Jin Deng didn't expect that his past eccentric habits would be brought back again.

It's just that this time seems different from the eternal times.

That is, compared to Wang Nuan, the combat power of those geniuses from Eternal Times is simply not on the same level.

What's more, behind Wang Nuan stands that terrifying man...

But obviously, Wu Xin didn't consider that much.

His eyes were intense. The next second, he directly chose to attack Wang Nuan.

The sudden killing intent was astonishing.

Boom!

At this moment, the earth of the supreme world trembled, and streaks of golden light erupted. An exquisite half-length ancient god with eight sides and eight arms appeared out of thin air, wearing a golden armor.

One of his arms held a blue-grey ancient sword. He only raised his arm and waved. The powerful sword energy passed across the battlefield, dividing the battlefield between Wu Xin and the Office of Strategic Deception, leaving a deep ravine. At the same time, it also An unintentional palm strike resolved it.

This is Xiang Yi's unique eight-armed ancient god. He attracted everyone's attention as soon as he appeared. The magic rings flowing all over his body are filled with an aura of immortality.

Wu Xin raised his eyebrows and stared at the eight-armed ancient god. He was surprised to find that this was an existence he had never seen before.

This eight-armed ancient god from a foreign land has an otherworldly feeling about him. When he appears, there is a surge of golden light and purple light. It seems to be straight into the underworld. It is very extraordinary and carries great pressure.

"Huangquan Dao of Chaos...I see..." Wu Xin observed for a long time. Suddenly he realized what the origin of this eight-armed ancient god was.

This is the power of Huangquan's chaotic path!

It was a Tao method that was naturally understood by a genius who was made a specimen by him.

It stands to reason that this sect should have become extinct. It will never appear again.

Unexpectedly, that man found his successor before he died...

No wonder he didn't find any memory of this method in the young man's body when he wanted to steal it.

"interesting."

At this time, Wu Xin spoke lightly.

His eyes were piercing, with a murderous intent.

A baby girl who knows how to use the Dao not long after she is born...

The only koi in the world of cultivation that integrates luck...

And this. The man who inherited the chaotic orthodoxy of Huang Quan...

These are all perfect objects that he can use to make specimens.

"All of you here will become my collection today."

Boom!

The strong oppressive force of the divine brain was continuously released outwards with Wu Xin as the center of the brainwave waves. Everyone in the venue felt the blood surge.

How powerful is the 100% activated divine brain? Even though Monk Jin Deng told everyone about it from the beginning, it was only at this moment that everyone truly understood this powerful sense of oppression.

Qin Zhong, Xiang Yi. They secretly exclaimed at the same time.

It can only be said that Ling Zhenren is indeed a powerful enemy in this world...

This level can only be encountered in the universe of Wang Ling. It is almost a monster BOSS.

They are now at the top of their respective worlds. The strongest enemy they have ever encountered is not even one percent as strong as Wu Xin...

"Is this the Eternal One..." At this time, the two of them were in a trance. They both felt it was too scary.

Even though Xiang Yi sacrificed this eight-armed ancient god and used his own abilities to withstand extreme pressure, this ancient god who could dominate the world in his original world made him feel fragile when facing the eternal being in front of him. is like a piece of paper.

"Everyone, be careful. The Eternal One is about to take action."

Er Ha said with a pale face.

As a being who has just been bathed in chaos and transformed from chaos into a divine beast, it is self-evident that he is sensitive to the power of chaos.

At this moment, Wu Xin is just standing there. The chaotic energy surging on his body seems to Er Ha to be even more terrifying than the original Chaos Tribulation!

An immortal stand between the Immortal and the Office of Strategic Deception is about to begin at this very moment!

If Wu Xin cannot be stopped in this supreme world, then the entire universe will probably face a catastrophe.

For this maniac who has a special collection of specimens, not only those geniuses can be made into specimens. All the strange creatures and planets in the world...as long as he likes them can be made into specimens. Bring it to your collection.

"You know nothing about power. Just do some useless work." At this time, an unintentional voice came from the minds of everyone in the Office of Strategic Deception.

It was just a light word. But it contained a terrifying change. It seemed like it could reach eternity.

Behind him, there are all kinds of bright lights superimposing and releasing. There are countless dark black ties connecting behind him. Then they converge into a huge purple gold rudder in front of him.

"I want to show you... who is the helmsman of the universe." Wu Xin said.

He raised his hand and touched the rudder of the ship. He turned it slightly. The void behind him was instantly annihilated. It was blurry. It seemed that there were countless causes and effects, and the laws were all broken by this turn!

This feeling of oppression is terrifying.

At this time, everyone in the Office of Strategic Deception is under tremendous pressure.

Zhuo Yi, Lord Diulei, and Er Ha were all shaken by this huge force and vomited blood.

On the other side, Zhou Ziyi, who was wearing multiple layers of thermal underwear, was trembling a little after being shot out like a bullet...

But in the audience, only he and Wang Nuan were unscathed...





Chapter 1686 Sutra of Suicide


Wang Nuan brings the power of the shadow Dao to protect the body, the power to counter the power of the enemy is equal to the power of the master. The Way of the Shadow is an art that is capable of being strengthened when it encounters strength. There are only a few things that cannot be copied by Shadow.

Although Ah Nuan is still very young, she can clearly distinguish between good and evil. Facing such an arrogant Eternal One, she can naturally feel the malice emanating from that evil god's brain.

"Girl, don't look at me like that. Chaos is about to happen in the universe. If I can get the power of you, the Lord of the Great Way, you might be able to help me bring order to the chaos." At this time, Master Wu Xin was holding the rudder. Behind him was The void was constantly being annihilated and reorganized. Cracks spread out in all directions behind him like seven-colored spider webs.

Although Wang Nuan was the Lord of the Shadow Dao, and also the person that Master Wu Xin had recognized as the most difficult person to deal with in the entire room, bar none, he was indifferent as the helmsman of the universe.

This Chaos Rudder is the most powerful Chaos Magic Artifact he discovered while traveling in Chaos. It has 60% of the power of Chaos... it can almost be said to be the one that instantly kills all existing Chaos Magic Artifacts!

Wu Xin knew at that time that as long as he controlled the rudder of the ship, he would control the entire universe.

However, at his age at that time, he was already half-footed in the grave. Even if he kept replacing his mechanized organs, it would be useless. The aging of the soul was unpreventable.

Therefore, I accidentally thought of a way.

That is to find a successor, then turn the inheritance ceremony of the God Brain into a scam, and finally wait for his resurrection.

A fusion of a younger body, a younger soul... plus a 100% activated divine brain. Use this newly obtained body to control the rudder of chaos. It's a piece of cake.

"Full right rudder!"

He drank softly. The horizon of the entire supreme world rotated as he turned the rudder. It began to tilt to the right.

Everyone in the Office of Strategic Deception stood there, their bodies unsteady.

Lord Diulei, as the unit of measurement of combat power, was even more miserable. When the earth rolled over, his whole body came into direct contact with the Chaos Fissure. In an instant, he was swallowed up by the fissure and turned into fly ash.

Then, everyone saw the fly ash transformed by Lord Diulei reorganize in front of everyone at a speed visible to the naked eye.

"As expected of a true king... His reputation as a death-seeking senior has been confirmed." Zhuo Yi felt ashamed inside.

I have long heard that Wang Ling customized a set of {Book of Death} for Lord Diulei based on his characteristics. Anyway, Lord Diulei had it as a gift from him and it had already been strengthened. +999 soul-suppressing ring. No matter how severe the damage is, it will not die.

This {Book of Death} is very suitable for Lord Diulei to use.

It is said that every time a new method of death is unlocked, Lord Diulei's combat power will increase to a higher level based on the original.

And when the fly ash that Lord Diulei turned into reorganized into a human form, his aura was indeed much better than before.

"I died and became stronger!" Lord Diulei said excitedly.

Then the next second.

Boom! A sound!

As Master Wu Xin controlled the rudder, a chaotic divine thunder fell from the sky, blasting Lord Diulei into bloody foam again...

"Forget it. Don't worry about True Lord. True Lord is constantly getting stronger! We still have to find a way to destroy the rudder of this ship!" Monk Jin Deng said. His handsome and fair face was full of words. complex.

He never thought that he would meet Master Wu Xin in this situation. He hadn't seen him for many years. He felt that Wu Xin had changed a lot. At least the righteous Wu Xin before was gone.

The world has changed forever. It's not just the epics of the universe that have changed, but also people's hearts.

"Monk, I don't know what nonsense you are talking about. You can't break the rudder of this ship. You should know it very well." Wu Xin laughed: "With these few pieces of information you have, to be honest, it's not enough for me. It can only barely be regarded as my collection."

He said this. Then he quickly turned the rudder of his ship. A ripple composed of spiritual energy combined with the power of chaos emanated from the rudder and rushed from all directions.

Monk Jin Deng set up a barrier of Buddha's light to block it.

"Bang!"

The two ripples collided, creating waves like the vast ocean and making a violent roar.

The place of impact was accompanied by the formation of a new cosmic black hole. Countless forces of chaos, thunder, and psychic energy were involved. Then a storm formed. It was extremely terrifying.

"Wu Xin. The person who caused chaos in the universe is not others, but you." Monk Jin Deng frowned and said. He used the Buddha to try to hit the rudder.

Wu Xin stood still and sneered after hearing the words. He saw the completely disrespectful Jin Deng monk's methods.

Boom!

He struck harder. He connected his mind with the rudder of the ship in front of him. He didn't even have to raise his hand, and he felt like he was in control of everything.

The monk's Buddha palm was extremely powerful. It fell from the sky. However, Master Wu Xin did not put up any defense at all. He just tilted his rudder to the right side at the moment when the palm was about to fall.

As a result, the palm of Buddha seemed to be pressed on a remote control. It shifted from its original extreme direction on the spot and headed towards Lord Diulei.

Poor Lord Diulei had just been resurrected and was turned into ashes by this palm...

"It's actually possible to do this."

However, everyone has no time to pay attention to the constantly resurrected "unit of measurement" at the moment. All their thoughts are on the rudder of this chaotic ship launched by Master Wu Xin.

No one could have imagined that the Chaos Rudder could be so powerful. It could actually change its trajectory...

If he had this rudder, Master Wu Xin would be almost invincible.

However, the Buddha Divine Palm is just an ordinary magic after all. It is the most holy method of Buddhism that the monk himself understood. It has no connection with the Great Dao.

Therefore, the monk was still a bit unconvinced.

The second palm of Buddha struck quickly towards Master Wu Xin!

And this time, this palm contains the power of a thousand Heavenly Dao!

Monk Jin Deng didn't believe it. With the blessing of Heavenly Dao's power, this palm could still be controlled by this weird rudder.

However, the result was once again beyond everyone's expectations.

That rudder was so weird. During its operation, a trace of the terrifying aura of the first Hongmeng emerged. The powerful energy of chaos was as vast as a sea of smoke. It flooded the entire supreme world on the spot!

Before Monk Jin Deng's second palm struck, it was changed in trajectory and headed towards Wang Nuan's strike over there!

And!

This palm actually became stronger in the process of changing its trajectory!

"How could this be..."

The power of this rudder has exceeded everyone's expectations

Just as Wang Nuan was about to launch a defensive stance, a familiar figure suddenly appeared and stood in front of Wang Nuan.

I saw that the man slowly squatted down, picked up Ah Nuan girl with one hand, and put it on his shoulder very skillfully. And Ah Nuan girl was like a pendant, lying on her stomach obediently.

The movement was extremely slow. Slow enough that everyone could clearly see every movement of this man. But at the same time, it was incredibly fast.

In the next second, the man came back to his senses. He breathed forward gently and reflected the Buddha Palm, which was turned back and strengthened by the steering of the ship, back with 1000% power...





Chapter 1687 Making milk powder for my sister


The most important and unique ability of the Chaos Helm is that it can instantly attach all attacks to a specific invisible "antenna", thereby allowing remote control of the attacks.

Whether it is Heavenly Dao spells, ordinary spells, magic weapons, or attacks from spiritual swords, all can be controlled by the Chaos Helm.

However, this palm force was used by him to twist the rudder and change the original trajectory to attack Wang Nuan. The man who suddenly appeared just breathed out and changed the trajectory he had set again.

Moreover, it doubled back with 1000% power. At this moment, it was a little beyond Master Wu Xin's understanding.

This man doesn't have a rudder...

Why can the trajectory of a spell be changed?

For a moment, Master Wu Xin's brain was a little confused. He once again used the rudder to change the trajectory that Wang Ling turned back. In the end, after passing through the Buddha Palm twice, it became over a thousand times stronger than before. It blasted into the distance with twice the power.

In the distance, a huge mushroom cloud rose from the ground, illuminating the entire supreme world. The sky was shaken out of a hole by this palm. Countless stars hung down from the hole, shedding a ray of light with the terrifying power of chaos.

These rays of light are extremely soft and beautiful. But if anyone in the ancestral realm reaches out and touches them easily, they will be burned to ashes immediately.

Facing such a scene, everyone here couldn't help but feel in awe.

Only Wang Ling and Wang Nuan remained unmoved.

Wang Ling was not afraid of this in the first place.

Besides, the scene in front of me is not a big scene.

Even though Master Wu Xin is a very powerful Eternal One, in fact, in Wang Ling's view, his combat power may not be as strong as Fenmu Shen.

When he picked up Wang Nuan, the only thing that felt like something was wrong was that Ah Nuan was hungry.

No matter how poor you are, you can't be poor in education, and you can't starve your sister. Ah Nuan girl is growing her body, so she definitely needs to keep up with her nutrition.

So how to fill Ah Nuan girl's belly has become Wang Ling's first problem right now.

Compared with Fenmu Shen last time, there are not so many tentacle monsters here that can be used as ingredients for grilled squid. And the Master Wu Xin is a mechanized cultivator. The body is nothing but motor oil and gears ...... It is not possible to feed these things to your own sister.

But fortunately, Wang Ling is a little resourceful and he reacts very quickly.

He immediately saw in the distance, those by the Buddha God palm broken space, from the gap this flow of star power infused with the power of the chaos of the sunlight ......

These rays of light cannot be touched by ordinary people.

But they siblings can.

It is also an excellent material for making "milk powder."

It contains huge chaos energy. It is definitely enough to replenish Ah Nuan girl's physical strength.

At this moment, the whole place was silent. It could be said that there was no one around.

Everyone's eyes are fixed on the movement over Wang Ling. They don't know what Wang Ling plans to do next.

After all, with a normal person's brain circuit, they would never imagine that this kind of deadly chaotic glow can be used to make milk powder and make milk for Wang Nuan.

I only saw the next second. Wang Ling opened the pupil power of King's Eyes. He took all the rays of light into his own King's Eyes.

"Ling Zhenren... what is he doing? Using King's Eyes to collect the chaotic glow?" Xiang Yi asked.

"Maybe he is holding back his ultimate move. After all, he is Little Master Lingzi. His thinking is beyond our understanding." Er Ha said.

"Is it possible that it has other uses?" At this time, Qin Zhong asked again.

At this moment, everyone in the Office of Strategic Deception is talking. They don't understand what the meaning of Wang Ling's move is.

I also don't understand the meaning of containing the chaotic rays of light in King's Eyes.

After all, if it were a shock wave initiated by King's Eyes, the destructive power of wiping out everything within sight would be much scarier than the chaotic glow!

Therefore, there is no need to rely on this method of accumulating energy to increase pupil power.

"Could it be that master has developed some new magic?" Zhuo Yi was full of expectations.

After all, today's opponents are different from those in the past. Those opponents in the past were all limited to the scope of the earth. They could be solved with a slap.

But now, these opponents are all cosmic-level figures. They are either born from chaos, or they are otherworldly eternal beings.

A slap cannot be repaired, but fancy slapping can still be continued.

Zhuo Yi feels that since encountering a cosmic-level opponent, Wang Ling's tricks have basically never been repeated.

Every time you meet someone face to face with Wang Ling, you will have different new discoveries and experiences.

Then, with these new discoveries and new experiences, I either stopped thinking forever or became dust in the universe.

"Ya!"

Ah Nuan girl is lying on Wang Ling's shoulder. She looks like she is so hungry that her chest is touching her back. She looks like a soft and glutinous cake.

"It'll be fine soon." Wang Ling soothed in a soft voice.

There was still not much expression on his face. But the gentleness that he naturally exuded when he treated his sister still deeply touched Sun Rong's eyes.

At this moment, Sun Rong was clearly in the core world, but there was a hint of jealousy in her heart.

She knew clearly that this kind of behavior was very childish, but she still couldn't help it.

Wang Ling is killing her ...

Sometimes. Sun Rong can't tell whether the wood is real wood or fake wood.

He will always inadvertently show some unexpected behavior that is completely different from his usual style. And this behavior is very natural. Especially when getting along with Ah Nuan girl.

As a result, she also began to reflect for a while in the core world.

I think there might be something special about Ah Nuan girl that Wang Ling likes?

Previously. Sun Rong heard from Father Wang and Mother Wang. In the future, Ah Nuan girl will also go to Number 60 High School.

So in other words.

She can actually be counted as the senior sister of Ah Nuan girl.

At this time, Sun Rong feels that it is necessary for her to personally come to the Wang family villa as a senior to communicate, visit and learn, so as to enhance the relationship with Ah Nuan girl.

Although it seems shameful to pin one's lifelong happiness on a little girl. But now Sun Rong can't care so much anymore. As long as it is useful.

...

Just when Sun Rong was thinking wildly.

On the other side, Wang Ling frowned and began to focus on the Chaos Rudder in Master Wu Xin's hand.

Making milk powder is one thing.

But after all, it is a milk powder made from Chaotic Light, so the bottle that can contain it may have to meet certain standards.

Ordinary baby bottles. Even if they are modified by themselves, they are still not strong enough. Ah Nuan girl might break it while drinking.

It would be bad if the little girl gets burned.

Wang Ling feels that he has never been so considerate. He actually thinks hard about making milk powder for his sister.

Sure enough, Mother Wang never deceived him.

Preparing milk powder is really a profound knowledge!

So now, he focused all his thoughts on the chaos rudder.

Because.

This is an excellent material for making baby bottles...





Chapter 1688 Six Eternal Heroes


Seeing Wang Ling's eyes, Master Wu finally revealed a few smiles on his ancient, unperturbed face: "You're quite knowledgeable, kid. This Chaos Rudder of mine can attack and defend, no matter how strong you are, you can't beat the power of my rudder. Stop before it's too late, you and your sister still have a chance of survival."

Obviously, Wu Xin at this time did not yet know what kind of players he was facing.

After all, most of the Aeons had their mission to surpass "Dao Ancestor Wang" back then. Now Master Wu Xin has successfully used means to revive himself and activated his divine brain to 100%. He can transfer consciousness at any time. It is equivalent to having the ability to live forever.

Together with the various magic treasures that he has saved in his hands during the past 10,000 years and the rudder that he has now unveiled, which possesses 60% of the power of Chaos, in terms of paper strength, Master Wu Xin's strength has now reached the same level as that of Dao Ancestor Wang, not to say that it surpasses Dao Ancestor Wang.

As the Eternal One who aimed at Dao Ancestor Wang back then, if he could reach this level of combat power, he would naturally regard himself as an "invincible" existence.

Therefore, he is extremely arrogant and does not take Wang Ling and Wang Nuan into his eyes at all.

Although he could feel that the young man and the baby girl standing in front of him were not ordinary people. They possessed a variety of great abilities. They were more talented than the geniuses he had seen back then.

However, because of the foundation accumulated during these eternity, he did not believe that the two stupid young men in front of him, whose combined total was less than half a hundred, could compete with the eternal foundation behind him.

"I need to show you what the gap is." Facing Wang Ling. At this moment, Master Wu Xin thought. A strange golden dragon scale appeared on his hand.

I saw him mumbling words. The dragon scales jumped in his palm. Then they quickly spread out on his body like fish scales, turning into armor. In an instant, his whole body burst into brilliant light. It was so bright that it was blinding.

"Dragon Emperor's Holy Armor?" Monk Jin Deng's expression changed instantly when he saw this object. Although this armor did not come from Chaos, it has obviously been processed and baptized by Chaos.

All magical weapons can theoretically undergo the baptism of chaos, thus gaining more power than before.

However, this baptism process is risky. Once the baptism fails, the result will be in vain. Even the magic weapon may be damaged and will never be returned to you.

But Monk Jin Deng could tell that the Dragon Emperor's Holy Armor in front of him had been baptized more than once!

The Dragon Emperor's Holy Armor possesses nearly 40% of the power of chaos. It has been baptized at least 20 times...

Therefore, Monk Jin Deng's face instantly turned cold. He was really surprised by Master Wu Xin's luck. He was even more surprised by the appearance of the Dragon Emperor's Holy Armor.

This is the natal magic weapon of Taoist Dragon, who was known as the Dragon Demon back then! One of the Six Eternal Heroes!

In the Eternal Era, the recognized combat power was lower than that of Dao Ancestor Wang, and their levels were tied in all aspects. The six great figures could not tell the winner from each other!

They were dubbed the "Six Heroes of Eternity."

It's just that this epic story about the Six Eternal Heroes has never been mentioned again since the Six Heroes hid themselves in the universe.

There have always been rumors that in order to explore the true meaning of chaos, the Six Eternal Heroes met and walked into the vortex of chaos. Then they never came back...

The auras and news of the six people have completely disappeared since then. They seem to have disappeared into the universe.

In other words, the Holy Armor of the Dragon Emperor... this magical weapon that originally belonged to Taoist Dragon. It should have been a legendary object that disappeared in the universe. Now it has reappeared. And it was still taken out by Master Wu Xin.

This makes Jin Deng, who is also the Eternal One, feel a little unbelievable.

Why does Wu Xin have something belonging to the Eternal Six Heroes in his hands?

Could it be that he saw the Six Heroes after they disappeared?

Full of doubts, Master Wu Xin sneered again: "Monk, you seem to be surprised that I sacrificed this holy armor? That's right... after all, this Dragon Emperor's holy armor was originally one of the Six Heroes. The things of Taoist Dragon.

But it's a pity. Such a good thing can only belong to me now. And I still have a lot of it." He smiled arrogantly. The Dragon Emperor's Holy Armor on his body shone brightly. It was like flint, exuding a kind of cosmic energy. The red flame has an otherworldly and astonishing power. It bursts out with a shocking light.

Under such strong pressure, everyone in the Office of Strategic Deception is almost in a state of collapse. Just setting up a barrier for defense is already very difficult.

This Dragon Emperor's holy armor is indeed extraordinary. It has a sense of oppression. Moreover, when it is worn on the body, it is also exuding a kind of chaotic flames.

It is a purple-gold cosmic flame that can burn anything that comes close.

Wang Ling used the power of King's Eyes to inspect it. The expression on his face did not change much. This dragon armor is indeed much stronger than ordinary toys. But Wu Xin wanted to use this dragon armor to resist his attack. It's a bit too immature.

At this moment, Wu Xin saw the right moment, and his face became filled with murderous intent. His palms fell down, and flew from the sky. With a power that shattered the sun, moon, and stars, he slapped the brother and sister.

Wang Ling felt calm in his heart. But at this moment, his eyes inadvertently revealed a knife-like, cannibalistic look for the first time.

He doesn't mind doing it to himself unintentionally, but not to Ah Nuan.

Ah Nuan is just a newborn child. Facing such a baby, the other party is so unscrupulous and shows no mercy. This has touched the bottom line of Wang Ling.

Even if Wang Ling has no emotions and doesn't know what anger is, this sudden discomfort has given him enough reason to take action against Wu Xin.

According to the latest family training from the Old Wang family.

A brother should protect his sister unconditionally.

You should try your best to avoid anything that might hurt your sister.

If you are attacked by gangsters or other lawless elements, you can use all your strength to resist if necessary...regardless of the cost or consequences!

"How dare this person offend Ling Zhenren like that! He is really seeking death!"

In the distance, Qin Zhong said with anger in his voice when he saw Wu Xin attacking the Wang Ling brother and sister. In fact, his admiration for Wang Ling was not lower than Zhuo Yi at all. After all, he was a regular worshiper. On the table. A man whom he respected as a god.

Boom!

Unintentionally, the palm of his hand fell from the sky and turned into a huge shadow. It stretched for thousands of miles. It was impossible to see the trajectory clearly.

At this time, Wang Ling raised his hand and struck Wu Xin with a counterattack.

At this moment, powerful palm power overflowed from the surface of this supreme world. The explosive destructive power formed a magic ring. It spread out in all directions with Wang Ling as the center point!

A buzz!

The entire ground of the Supreme World sank dozens of feet under the force of Wang Ling's palm!

"Bang!"

Finally, Master Wu Xin took action against the Wang Ling brother and sister with a look of confusion on his face. Facing the counterattack, his whole body was flying all over the sky like a kite that had taken off its strings. It took a long time to regain my balance.

A large mouthful of blood vomited out.

Master Wu Xin had a look of disbelief on his face.

His Dragon Emperor's Holy Armor was smashed to pieces by Wang Ling's palm!

But just now, if it weren't for the Dragon Emperor's holy armor, the power of that palm might have crushed him into powder!





Chapter 1689 The capitalization is outrageous


The Dragon Emperor's Holy Armor saved his life at this critical moment.

It's not the holy armor. Master Wu Xin knew that he was already dead. After all, he underestimated the power of Wang Ling's palm just now.

Who could have imagined that with the power of this palm, the entire ground of his supreme world could sink dozens of feet!

This terrifying and violent explosive force formed a devastating force in an instant. He was unable to resist at all and flew across the spot.

When he came back to his senses, the Holy Armor of the Dragon Emperor, which had experienced dozens of baptisms of chaos, was in shreds. There was no possibility of repair...

In the distance, everyone in the Office of Strategic Deception was amazed. Although for those who are familiar with Wang Ling, such a scene is an expected result. But when you actually see it with your own eyes, you can't help but be shocked.

If there is anyone whose mind is blank at this moment, it is Jiugong Liangzi.

This is no longer a question of whether you have a lot of question marks, children.

But the little question mark is whether you have many friends...

The shocked expression on Jiugong Liangzi's face could hardly be described in words. His appearance was so much like those exaggerated cartoons. If she hadn't seen it with her own eyes, she would not have been able to imagine how powerful Wang Ling was.

"Is this...is this still the classmate I know Wang Ling?"

She hid her slightly open mouth in surprise. Through the visual scene shared by monk Jin Deng in the core world, she witnessed with her own eyes Wang Ling shattered the Dragon Emperor's Holy Armor with one palm. Master Wu The famous scene where Xin is beaten to the point of vomiting blood.

What surprised her even more was what happened next.

Because Wang Ling seems to have no intention of holding back.

His actions were no longer as hesitant as at the beginning. Instead, he took the initiative to launch a new round of offensive.

Huh!

I saw Wang Ling blow out a breath. This is the essence of the source. It is a substance derived from the condensation of the original Qi. At this moment, it is not only condensed and sprayed out of the body by Wang Ling, but also mixed with a kind of chaotic energy. There is An extremely sacred feeling.

In an instant, the aura of the great avenue filled the entire place. A shocking cosmic divine voice that was understandable came from Wang Ling's body.

"This is impossible! How could it be like this!" At this moment, Master Wu Xin felt that his three views were shattered. He could not believe that such a voice came from Wang Ling's body.

And there are many kinds of sounds!

This kind of sound, which could only be transmitted in the universe, actually came from the body of a young man...

So what does this mean?

This means...

This boy's body may be the incarnation of the universe.

Of course, this is only Master Wu Xin's own speculation. He simply could not imagine that such an outrageous thing would happen in front of him.

Really. Ridiculously capitalized!

Such a vision is very astonishing. Wang Ling When this mouthful of original essence mixed with the power of chaos was spit out on this supreme world, uh, the earth, a great lotus flower actually appeared out of thin air!

Heavenly Dao, Fate, Shadow, Heavenly Dao... all kinds of avenues turned into lotus petals to support this lotus of avenues from the ground. But it was not until this moment that everyone at the Office of Strategic Deception discovered that in addition to the above In addition to the power of several familiar avenues. Wang Ling has more avenues than these!

Because this lotus of the Dao has a total of twenty-eight petals!

When the Lotus of the Great Dao rose directly from the ground, Wang Ling's eyelids jumped. Because he himself did not expect that he actually had twenty-eight kinds of great ways...

Could it be that the major avenue he majored in was too strong and suppressed the other avenues, so that he didn't notice it at all on weekdays?

Wang Ling Although his expression was calm, he was shocked inside.

He clearly remembered that six years ago when he was repelling the demon world's attack, his Great Lotus only had two petals. Unexpectedly, six years later, it already had twenty-eight petals.

Such brutal growth made Wang Ling feel sad in his heart.

But even he didn't expect that he would sacrifice the Lotus of the Avenue again.

The lotus has grown to this point. For others, this shocking effect is naturally more brilliant. When the buds of the lotus bloom, a slim crystal immortal child shows a graceful figure from the heart of the lotus. Her whole body is crystal clear. The face is invisible. The extremely graceful body curves are covered with a layer of light gauze. The beauty is unparalleled.

It was clearly only three inches in size, but it was blooming with astonishing spiritual energy at this moment. The moment he opened his eyes, infinite spiritual light was released. Along with the terrifying light, it swept across all directions, illuminating the supreme world.

"In my territory, don't be arrogant..." Master Wu Xin couldn't bear it anymore.

He clearly knew how powerful Wang Ling was. But he couldn't just watch Wang Ling act recklessly here.

It's clear that this is his world. He is the master and god here. But a stupid young man has become the master here. Doesn't he want to lose face?

"Today, I will kill you even if I pay all the costs!" At this time, Wu Xin's mood changed. At first, he planned to make specimens of Wang Ling and Wang Nuan brother and sister for collection. However, But now I can't care about so much. I just want to use all means to let the two people die.

This Lotus of Great Dao is certainly extraordinary, but most Daoists are not Wang Ling majoring in Dao. Therefore, I accidentally thought that its ability might not be as strong as imagined.

He maximized the fluctuations in his divine brain, intending to establish a spiritual connection with the entire supreme world. Then, under the instillation and communication of the vast will of the world, a terrifying creature emerged from the ground.

It was forcibly summoned by him with the power of his divine brain and the will of the world!

It is also a terrifying monster that Wu Xin has been researching and creating.

This burly creature has countless faces. The most obvious one is a dragon head with tentacles.

The long dragon neck poked out from the bloated body. It was spraying chaotic flames! There were arms and claws on all sides. It was like a combination of various ultimate creatures. It had a strong sense of oppression.

Just like the Lotus of the Great Path, this weird multi-faced creature also possesses the power of multiple great ways.

"Huh? What is this?" Lord Diulei asked.

"I didn't expect that he even captured the Dharma Spirit of Taoist Dragon...and also captured many indescribable creatures from the Dao Sect. He fused these creatures together." Monk Jin Deng was equally horrified in his heart.

But when he saw the calm look on Wang Ling's face in the blink of an eye, he felt completely relieved again.

It is true. Finding creatures with different abilities of the Dao and then combining them together can indeed achieve a similar effect to the lotus of the Dao under Wang Ling's hand.

But the difference is that these avenues are not Master Wu Xin's own after all.

This person still knows nothing about power.

"Ya, ya, ya!" At this time, Wang Nuan, who had been lying on Wang Ling's shoulder, also jumped to give it a try. He raised his hands and commanded.

This was said to the immortal child derived from the Lotus of the Avenue. It seemed to be giving some instructions.

"What is Nuan Zhenren talking about?" Office of Strategic Deception. Most people don't understand.

Only Er Ha understood: "Ah Nuan girl let that Dao Lian immortal son. Activate the battle mode..."

Everyone: "..."





Chapter 1690 Battle Mode


The breath released by these lotus flowers is extremely amazing. It is beyond ordinary people's imagination.

Compare the dragon-headed suture monster in front of you. Although the composition of it is similar to that of Fairy Daolian, the difference in aura is still obvious.

Especially when Daolian immortal entered "combat mode" under Wang Nuan's order.

As the immortal woman, who was only a few inches tall, swung her lotus skirt, the powerful energy of the great avenue spread out in an instant, shaking the whole world and affecting the laws of this supreme world.

There are thousands of breaths under the lotus skirt. It has a kind of power that can move everything. The overflowing power of chaos shuttles in the void, making time and space flow. It seems to have a chaotic power.

Boom!

The dragon head summoned by Master Wu Xin started to sew the creatures at this moment. A dragon claw in the body was like a tentacle. It suddenly extended infinitely from the body and grabbed Daolian's immortal son.

With one claw, the ground was turned upside down. It was so violent that it enveloped Daolian's immortal child.

Daolian's immortal son didn't say a word. She closed her eyes slightly, carrying an aura of unparalleled elegance. She only used her body of less than a few inches to stretch out her slender little finger.

It was just a moment. Everyone seemed to see a divine moon emerging behind Daolian Immortal.

It's cold, bright and arrogant. There is an aura of myth spreading throughout.

"Buzz!"

She pointed her finger at the dragon claw with intelligence. From the eyes of everyone in the Office of Strategic Deception, Dorian Immortal's fingers were so tiny that they were almost as big as sesame seeds in front of the huge dragon claw.

However, when this finger the size of a sesame seed collided with the dragon's claw, it exploded into pieces on the spot! It was directly shattered!

With the power of just one finger, the dragon's head was sewn together and the dragon's claws, which looked like mountains, were shattered into pieces.

The Fairy Daolian summoned by Wang Ling. Although it is small, its power is indeed unparalleled.

After the dragon claw was shattered, the backlash pain was quickly fed back to Master Wu Xin. Pain began to feel in his brain. He would have spit out a mouthful of old blood, but when it reached his mouth, he swallowed it again. In the stomach.

As an Eternal, he didn't want to appear embarrassed in such an occasion.

However, the strength of Wang Ling was far beyond his imagination.

It even started to make him feel desperate.

He couldn't figure out why such a person could survive in the world. He was less than twenty years old, but possessed many great qualities.

Even though he didn't show any intention, his eyes clearly showed fear.

Although this look was fleeting, it was quickly captured by Wang Ling.

The battle between masters is all about momentum.

Once you show such a look.

Then it means.

It's a foregone conclusion.

In order to better protect Wang Nuan, Wang Ling did not take action himself. Instead, he summoned the Lotus of the Dao and let Daolian immortal solve the problem on his behalf.

He clearly knows the fighting power of Dorian's immortal son. Therefore, he has no worries about the outcome of this battle.

Boom!

Perhaps he caught the trace of fear in Wu Xin's eyes. Daolian Immortal took action decisively again.

She still didn't say a word. She directly separated from the remaining Daolian and turned into the most dazzling meteor floating in the sky. From bottom to top, she used her slender legs to slap the dragon-headed stitch monster hard and said. The huge explosion shocked everyone.

No one doubts the power of this whip kick. It is extremely fierce. It has the power to cut off everything. It sweeps across the entire field!

The dragon-headed suture monster suffered a severe blow. Countless faces in its entire body began to become distorted. Endless wails came from all directions.

Dorian's immortal kick directly caused a huge dent in the dragon-headed suture monster's huge body. On the huge body, dozens of faces in that area seemed to have been crushed by something. They were twisted into a ball.

Wow!

Master Wu Xin finally couldn't bear the pain of the backlash under such huge force. The blood he had just swallowed surged out of his body again. It spurted out on the spot. At the same time, he felt severe pain in his brain.

There was almost a posture that was torn apart on the spot. On the other side, Dorian's immortal son, who had activated the battle mode, could not be said to be ruthless. Between the rhythm of her small figure, several phantoms began to differentiate. They attacked this animal from all directions. The dragon-headed stitch monster launches an offensive.

With each kick, Master Wu Xin had to vomit a mouthful of blood. With four kicks, Master Wu Xin had fallen from the void to the ground. Like a meteor that had lost its light, he knelt down on the ground.

His originally delicate and handsome face was no longer delicate. Instead, it began to look old.

Every kick of Dorian's immortal son is so powerful that it can break the stars. It can also break a person's years.

It was only then that Wu Xin discovered that among the twenty-eight avenues owned by Wang Ling, there was actually one...the legendary Avenue of Time!

Although it is not a major path, this path is the one that controls eternal life!

It was the one he had always dreamed of mastering...

This young man clearly understood this avenue, but he did not regard it as a major avenue, but put it aside?

This makes Master Wu Xin unbelievable.

Therefore, every kick of Daolian Immortal's wife carried the power of time. One kick after another, Master Wu Xin was kicked from this delicate and handsome appearance to an old helper.

He couldn't even stand still. He knelt on one knee and shivered. The wrinkles on his face were particularly obvious. In an instant, he lost all dignity.

As an Eternal, I have no intention of being extremely ashamed and angry. This is so unfortunate. It is also a great shame and humiliation!

"I haven't lost yet...I..."

Dorian's immortal son has no nonsense. Even if Wu Xin has become such a miserable situation, there is still no mercy. After activating the battle mode, she will only follow the instructions issued by Wang Ling to complete her mission.

Bang!

I saw her snap her fingers again. With a "Hongmeng Finger" move, she hit the dragon's head to sew up the monster's expression.

In an instant, the entire earth of the Supreme World was cracked. It was divided into fine grids like a cake being cut. It was densely packed. One piece after another was divided extremely evenly.

The huge energy penetrated directly, disintegrating the Stitch Monster instantly. It was torn into pieces. Countless pieces of flesh were exploded. Then, as the power of chaos penetrated, it turned into powder little by little.

"Poof!" Master Wu Xin spurted blood again. Unable to resist, he fell to the ground.

There is basically no suspense in this kind of battle. It was already doomed from the moment Dorian's immortal son took action.

From the moment Wang Ling decided to kill Wu Xin no matter the cost, he took the initiative.

There was no room for resistance. The entire beating made everyone in the Office of Strategic Deception stunned.

After confirming that Master Wu Xin was completely knocked down and unable to get up again, Daolian immortal returned to the Lotus of the Avenue with a pure and clean body.

Then, the petals of the lotus flower closed up again, and then transformed into a piece of light and electricity, which was sucked back into the pupil of the king's pupil of Wang Ling.

"Is this the end?" Everyone in the Office of Strategic Deception was confused.

Of course not.

Previously, this was just a performance by Doryeon Immortal.

It's not Wang Ling's turn yet

Although the Master Wu Xin in front of him was already a dying dog. But this time Wang Ling had no intention of sending out his Sacred Heart.

Bang!

Bang!

Two loud noises came again!

Wang Ling takes Wang Nuan.

Brother and sister. One of them gave Master Wu Xin a slap in the face.

The Eternal One who had previously clamored to make them into specimens.

Finally, at this time, the supreme world fell apart and turned into a minced meat pie. It stopped breathing forever.





Chapter 1691 Wang Ming's Memory Crystal Card


Master Wu Xin's death was tragic. When Wang Ling, Wang Nuan and his sister removed their palms, his body was completely out of shape.

Because this supreme world is in a different space. It is not within the scope of the earth. It is a completely "outside the law." Therefore, Wang Ling didn't take much care when he started to act.

If it were on Earth, according to the existing cultivation laws, you might be sentenced to "excessive defense" or...

And he and Wang Nuan each have the same palm.

The destructive power brought by this brother-sister combo's palm skills is too strong. It cannot be ended later.

"The supreme world collapsed. It seems that Master Wu Xin is really dead." Xiang Yi felt the breath fluctuations in the space and then said.

"After all, it was the palms of Ling Zhenren and Nuan Zhenren. The two of them slapped each other down. It was like the hearts of some young boys whose confession was rejected." At this time, Monk Jin Deng said.

"A boy's heart?"

"Yes. The hearts of these boys are like crushed plastic bottles. Such trauma can never be repaired."

"Not necessarily." At this time, Er Ha added.

"Why did Mr. Zhuo say that?" Jin Deng was puzzled.

"Isn't it just a crushed plastic bottle? Just blow it and it'll be fine."

Everyone: "..."

Among the people present, only Sun Rong and Jiugong Liangzi looked confused and confused.

On the other side. Virtual Realm. In the Imperial City. Along with Wu Xin's death, the last group of people in the Imperial City who were still dealing with the unspeakable creatures also quickly received good news.

Li Xian and Zhang Zhui were sent to use a special small Corpse Map to contain the plans to contain the living beings. At this time, they had successfully completed the mission and returned victorious.

Their movements were extremely fast. They followed Wang Ling's orders and instructions exactly. There was no sloppiness at all.

Who would have thought that this side was just preparing to resurrect Wang Ming. Master Wu Xin also stopped at the same time.

The battle between masters is so unpretentious and boring.

As expected of Ling Zhenren.

Even though Li Xian and Zhang Zhui had long expected how the winner of this battle would be distributed, they never expected that Master Wu Xin, who claimed to have activated 100% of his divine brain and was invincible, would die so quickly.

"Minature Corpse Map. I'll trouble you two seniors to bring it to Ling Ling." Wang Ming has been possessed in Jia Bugui's body for some time. Moreover, he had undergone brainwave fusion before. His face looked a little strange at this time.

"How is Mr. Ming? I think you feel very uncomfortable?"

"It's just expected. After all, my brainwaves in this body are only a small part separated from the main body. I can't hold on for long." Wang Ming said: "In order to completely hide me, I contacted the origin of this body. The owner also performed will fusion. But as time goes by, the will of the original owner of the body will return, and I will be kicked out."

"What now?"

"In this Virtual Realm and this huge imperial city, I discovered some interesting things that are helpful to my own personal research." At this point, Wang Ming took out a blue crystal card from his clothes.

This is a copy crystal card he made while Li Xian and Zhang Zhui were on a mission. It can copy his current brain wave state and transfer it to the card.

"In this way, you can take this crystal card out with you. The crystal card contains some intelligence information that I have obtained in the Virtual Realm. When you return, just give it to my main body." Wang Ming said.

Li Xian and Zhang Zhui looked at each other for a moment. Then they raised their hands and bowed: "Yes. Mr. Ming."

Wang Ming's current state is actually equivalent to a small clone technique. After the task is completed, the clone will disappear and the brain waves will also dissipate. This is a normal thing.

...

Master Wu Xin was dealt with. This Virtual Realm and the entire imperial city were left unmanaged. The jurisdiction naturally fell into the hands of the Office of Strategic Deception.

Lord Diulei wants to wait until the management situation in the Imperial City is stabilized, and then hand it over to Huaxiu Alliance.

If Huaxiu Alliance doesn't want it.

At that time, we can directly use the geographical location to open an Office of Strategic Deception branch or something. Wang Ling snapped his fingers and relocated everyone to the Imperial City.

Immortal Toya has been waiting here for a long time.

Although this mission was relatively successful, some people were still injured. Therefore, after receiving the clone notification from Li Xian and Zhang Zhui, he quickly entered the imperial city under the leadership of the two.

Now the Imperial City is in chaos. With order undetermined, the gates of the Imperial City passages are wide open. Countless rich people in the core area drive their carriages to the slums, and start fighting for safety with the poor people there.

Of course, these problems will be solved after the Office of Strategic Deception is fully taken over, helping this technology city to restore peace as soon as possible.

At the same time, the Chaos Rudder was also brought back.

After seeing his master suffer such a tragic death, Chaos Helm was not stupid. He knew that it would be useless if he insisted on resisting.

So. The instrument spirit of the Chaos Ship made a voice for the first time. There was a hint of fear in the voice: "Don't... don't make me into a milk bottle..."

Er Ha rolled his eyes: "It's just made into a milk bottle. I'm not trying to kill you. I was still a toad back then. It's actually pretty good to change my body shape."

"This...but I still don't want to be made into a baby bottle..."

"My master is kind and kind. Making you into a milk bottle is to give you a chance for redemption. Otherwise, tell me, what use are you?"

"But there are many materials in the world that can be used to make baby bottles..."

"But they are not as strong as you."

Er Ha continued to persuade with sincerity: "My master likes you. It is you who give you face. As for the other materials you mentioned, they are nothing more than those pure paper straws in milk tea shops. They can't be inserted. They can't be sucked. Halfway through. It will also become soft."

Everyone: "..."

Of all the people in the room, only Sun Rong and Liangzi Jiugong looked confused and didn't know what to think.

"So. I advise you to give up resistance." Er Ha said.

The Chaos Rudder is desperate. Its function is to change the trajectory of all things. If it becomes a milk bottle... I am afraid that its function will also change with the change of appearance.

"Ya, ya, ya!" At this time, Wang Nuan suddenly said again.

As an expert in "baby language" at level 10, Er Ha quickly translated the meaning of Wang Nuan's words: "Nuan Zhenren said that we won't change your role. Even if it's a milk bottle, it can still be a rudder. Just empty your body ..."

"Empty..."

"That's right. Hollow it out and make it look like a container. Then just add a pacifier on top. When you drink it, you can hold it while you drink it. This way, it will be safer to drink."

"..."

Chaos Helm sighed inwardly.

It knows that by now, it is doomed.

It will 100% br made into a bottle that it cannot escape.

Moreover, it has no room for struggle or resistance.

As for the Office of Strategic Deception, most of the others are treating this matter with a spectator mentality.

Of course, there is one person who is thinking about other things at this time.

Now Sun Rong is thinking about Wang Ling's birthday gift.

It's just that she hasn't decided what to give yet.

If possible...

She would love to pack herself up and send herself away!





Chapter 1692 The knowledge of giving gifts


In the past, she never worried about a gift. Because there are so many gifts that can be bought with money in this world. But when faced with Wang Ling, she still wanted to give something special. At least. A gift that reflects your sincerity and heart.

After all, gifts that can be bought with money are not sincerity.

When she was very young, Sun Yiyuan once taught her that giving gifts is actually a very sophisticated thing for the cultivators of Huaxiu country. Gifts also contain great knowledge. The traditional culture of reciprocity has continued for thousands of years to this day. It's not unreasonable.

Reasonable reciprocity is an important course in interpersonal relationships. It is different from simply giving gifts directly.

Gifts are not always better when they are more expensive, the key is "suitability."

Nowadays, more and more people are misinterpreting the meaning of "gift giving." Often the meaning of "gift giving" changes after giving it away.

She didn't believe this rhetoric before. Only now did she discover the inscrutable nature of this knowledge...

Turns out to be...

When you like someone, you will really get entangled in choosing a gift!

The more you care, the more you like it.

And the more you like it, the more people will feel hesitant.

...

About twenty minutes passed. Wang Ling over there had transformed the chaos rudder into a rudder-shaped milk bottle. At the same time, the previously stored Xiaguang was made into milk powder for brewing.

The color of this brewed nutritious chaos milk is really beautiful. It has a little bit of starlight. It is actually seven colors. Ah Nuan girl took a big gulp of the milk bottle. Her soft little face was full of happy expressions.

"It looks delicious..." Jiugong Liangzi propped up his knees and looked at Wang Nuan sucking milk. No girl would feel overflowing with motherhood when seeing such a scene.

She thinks Wang Nuan is too cute.

I even had the dangerous thought of having a relationship with Zhuo Yi...

"As expected of Nuan Zhenren. Only Ling Zhenren can handle this chaotic milk. Nuan Zhenren's physique can handle it." Monk Jin Deng smiled crookedly.

The milk powder brewed with Chaos Xiaguang seems to be nothing to Wang Ling and Wang Nuan. But this kind of milk actually has great stamina and is very easy to get addicted.

If other people go to drink, even just one bite will feel like they have been drunk with strong alcohol. If the body is a little weaker and drinks more, it is easy for the energy to overflow and explode.

"So, what Senior Jin Deng means is that he can explode?"

Lord Diulei became interested when he heard this: "This can be regarded as unlocking a new way to die. It will be very helpful to improve my {Book of Death}."

"As expected of the true king..."

The rest of the Office of Strategic Deception heard this and were all amazed.

This death-seeking senior is now on the road to constantly unlocking new ways to die and is unable to extricate himself...

It is unheard of since ancient times to be able to increase the strength of one's cultivation through constant death.

Although he will be resurrected.

But the pain caused by death can still be felt!

Various ways to die...

Some methods of death even require death in an extremely painful process.

According to the brain circuit of a normal person, no matter how powerful the "Sutra of Suicide" is, it is impossible to learn such a method to improve one's cultivation level.

As for Wang Ling and Lord Diulei, I can only say that one dares to teach and the other dares to learn...

Of course, If Lord Diulei succeeds in learning in the end, the improvement in combat power will be unparalleled! In the later stage, as long as a new method of death is unlocked, the span of improvement in combat power will be much greater than the experience stack obtained by the monk's first reincarnation!

Until then, for Lord Diulei, if he dies once, it is equivalent to reincarnation!

The monk still needs to survive the experience of his current life before he can enter the next reincarnation.

Just the growth aspect is different.

"It's done, Zhenjun. Qin Zhong and I have arranged the teleportation circle of the Office of Strategic Deception according to your instructions.

It is directly connected from the True Venerated Immortal Hall of the Office of Strategic Deception to the castle hall of the Imperial City." At this time, Xiang Yi said while carrying a black sniper rifle box. He and Qin Zhong worked together to successfully establish this road. Green channel.

The follow-up work is to wait for the Office of Strategic Deception to completely take over the current situation in the Science and Technology City.

But it's still a bit of a pity.

After this incident in the Virtual Realm. is over, he and Qin Zhong will not be able to stay here for long.

Lord Diulei has become a habitual observer. He could still see the thoughts of Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi. He immediately said: "After this ordeal, you two have become my office of Strategic Deception guest elders. If you don't dislike it, why don't you? How about staying here for a few more days? Anyway, if you go back then, brother Ling can also send you back to the previous world line. You can even specify a time node. It will not affect you two."

"Is this...really okay?"

When the two heard this, their eyes immediately flickered.

They looked at Wang Ling. They saw Wang Ling shrugging indifferently.

If it were an ordinary person, Wang Ling would certainly not agree.

But Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi.

It can be a special case.

"Thank you so much Ling Zhenren and Zhenjun!"

The two immediately bowed and nodded.

Being able to stay and study with Wang Ling. Such learning opportunities don't come often!

...

Although the green transmission channel has been established, due to the twists and turns in the space, the internal structure of the channel is very complicated, so a third-party media is needed for transmission.

Wang Ling directly reorganized the Rubik's cubes that sealed and contained the living beings. It formed something similar to a space elevator. The internal space was extremely large. The maximum load-bearing capacity was one hundred billion tons.

The Office of Strategic Deception was divided into two groups. One group stayed for communication. The other group returned and brought back information from the Science and Technology City for sharing.

Because I had to take care of Ah Nuan girl's feeding. Wang Ling did not go back immediately.

To Wang Ling's surprise, this time Sun Rong didn't try every means to take the same flight back with him. He directly took Jiugong Liangzi's hand and entered the elevator. He seemed to be rushing back without stopping. appearance.

"Wang Ling...See you on Earth!" Before leaving, she still had a smile on her face and greeted her generously.

As soon as the elevator door closed, she immediately dialed Sun Yiyuan's number.

Jiugong Liangzi was shocked: "Can there be a signal?"

Zhuo Yi laughed: "Master's mobile phone has been enlightened by senior Jin Deng. It is not a problem to achieve signal crossing. It can even make calls from the third dimension to the second dimension."

"In other words, you can talk to those fictional anime characters?"

"Theoretically, it's absolutely possible." Zhuo Yi said, "If my master enlightens me, maybe I can bring out those fictional anime characters."

"..." On the other side, Zhou Ziyi was shocked when he heard this.

He knew that Zhuo Yi planned all of this to allow him to successfully become a disciple and gain the approval of Master Wang outside...

After this incident, it can be said that Zhou Ziyi's inner outlook has been completely refreshed.

His master is too strong...

It was so strong that he once doubted whether it was human...





Chapter 1693 Old Avengers formed by victims


Chaos, darkness, and the fear of drowning...

This pain is a lingering effect on all those who have fought Wang Ling.

Just one second before being killed by Wang Ling, Master Wu Xin used his last strength to separate his brain waves and became a floating thing in the universe.

He originally wanted to quietly possess the minds of the members of the Office of Strategic Deception and wait patiently for a counterattack. The result was the moment he separated.

This free brain wave was captured by an inexplicable force. It was like being wrapped in a sky net, wrapping it up airtight.

"Who are you..." Wu Xin found it hard to believe that he would be caught.

"We are just like you. We are avengers waiting for the opportunity." The voice laughed. It sounded directly from the depths of his mind. However, he was too weak at the moment and could not completely discard this voice.

"The most urgent task right now is to restore your mind."

The voice continued: "But your body is no longer there..."

"Do you have any ideas?" Wu Xin asked.

Intuitively speaking, he can actually judge that the person who captured him is definitely not from the same school as Wang Ling.

And somehow he had a strong intuition.

I feel that the person I am talking to has also been "persecuted" by Wang Ling.

This is a communication activity between victim and victim. Although they do not know each other well, they have a wonderful telepathic communication induction.

"It's not difficult to solve the physical problem. I have time cells that can allow you to use the power of time memory to change back to your original appearance after the recovery of your mental brain." At this time, another voice came from his mind.

"Who are you?" Wu Xin was puzzled.

"Both of us are victims. All you need to know is that we will help you."

"But God's brain is broken. What I retain here is just a section of isolated brain waves. It's not easy to restore it."

"It's actually not that difficult. You just need to find the right match."

Fenmu Shen said: "And this matching is actually on the earth...if you are possessed by a person now, how long can it last?"

"No more than half an hour at most."

"That's enough."

Bai Zhe nodded and said in harmony with Fenmu Shen: "Next, we will help you transfer this memory to a person quietly."

"who?"

"This is a citizen of your city. He is also a wealthy businessman in the core area. His name is... Jia Bugui."

"Jia Bugui?" Wu seemed to have some impression of this person.

But he couldn't figure out why him.

"It seems that you don't know yet. Your world has long been invaded by people using brain waves."

Bai Zhe laughed: "This person's name is Wang Ming. He is also one of the opponents we will face in the future..."

"So what's the current plan?"

"This person is a perfect match for you, so you just need to cooperate with us to complete this plan of swapping a cat for a prince unnoticed, so that your brainwaves can quietly enter his body, and then, take over his body."

Bai Zhe said: "Of course. The conditions for realizing all this are not without."

"Then... let's talk about the conditions." Wu Xin knew that in his current situation, he actually had no choice.

"Join us."

Bai Zhe and Fenmu Shen said in unison: "Our name is. Old Avengers..."

...

Riding the space elevator on the way, Sun Rong connected the Sun family big family Sun Yiyuan's phone, words with a few points of urgency: "Grandpa, I would like to ask you ..."

She originally didn't want to trouble Boss Sun, but now the situation is urgent. Wang Ling's birthday is coming soon, which makes her feel panicked. She doesn't know what to give to express her feelings.

"You said you wanted to give a gift to your classmate Wang Ling. You don't know what to give, right?" This question also stumped Sun Yiyuan.

He knows Wang Ling's character. Being too outgoing and high-profile will definitely not work.

"How about sending an aircraft carrier?" Sun Yiyuan thought for a moment and said seriously.

"Aircraft carrier..."

Sun Rong felt like he was choked on his unspoken words: "Grandpa... Isn't this aircraft carrier too high-profile?"

"Isn't this high-profile? Isn't it just a yacht...I didn't send a spaceship or anything like that..."

"..."

Sun Rong is speechless.

It seems that her grandfather has some misunderstandings about keeping a low profile.

However, given that Mr. Sun's wealth can rival that of the country, an aircraft carrier is indeed like a yacht, and in just one of the harbors that cooperates with the Huaguo Shuilian Group, there are no less than sixty of them parked.

"But grandpa, even if this is not high-profile to you, a gift that can be bought with money is not considered sincerity." Sun Rong said.

After saying this, Sun Yiyuan nodded meaningfully: "Oh... yes. How about... a few earthy love words?"

"Old...earthy love words?"Sun Rong looked confused.

"For example, Rongrong. What is your favorite wine?" Sun Yiyuan asked.

"Grandpa. I'm still a student..."

"I know. So, this is just an example." Sun Yiyuan said: "If these words are what you said to classmate Wang Ling, classmate Wang Ling must not know how to answer. Then when the time comes. You can confess your feelings by ear."

"Then what should I say next?" Sun Rong asked.

"This question is very simple."

Er Ha sighed: "Of course I will be with you forever (wine)."

Sun Rong, the rest: "..."

Sun Yiyuan: "Another example. You can tell your classmate Wang Ling that you are Linger. He is Dingdang."

Er Ha: "Because the bell wants to jingle."

Sun Rong, the rest: "..."

Er Ha: "Oh, by the way. Regarding this earthy love story, I know another one. You can say, you are the immortal sword. He is the hero. Because the immortal sword is the hero."

Sun Rong, the rest: "?"

Although Sun Rong didn't understand much, she felt that something was wrong with Er Ha...

After asking several times, I didn't get the answer I wanted. Sun Rong hung up the phone with some disappointment.

The main reason is that she feels that if we continue talking, her mind will collapse even more.

Jiugong Liangzi suggested: "Seriously Rong Rong, do you want to deliver yourself and surprise Wang Ling?"

"..."

Sun Rong blushed instantly: "Is this... is this really okay?"

To be honest, she had this idea before. She just didn't know if it was feasible...

"I think it's feasible."

Jiugong Liangzi continued to make suggestions: "Look. Then you can find an excuse and say that classmate Wang Ling won the prize with crispy noodles. In addition to giving him a limited edition crispy noodles, he will also receive a beautifully packaged one. Big gift box. But you are hidden in the big gift box..."





Chapter 1694 Send yourself out


"Is this... really possible?" Sun Rong looked doubtful about Jiugong Liangzi's plan.

Not to mention whether this method is feasible or not. No matter how well she hides it, Wang Ling will probably be able to see it out at a glance.

In the past, when she didn't know how strong Wang Ling was, she might have given it a try. But now that she knows Wang Ling's true strength, trying this method would simply make herself uncomfortable.

"Not necessarily. Maybe there will be a chance." Monk Jin Deng knew what Sun Rong's concerns were. He couldn't help but smile: "Miss Rong is still worried after all. She will be seen out. But if we take a multi-pronged approach. Maybe we can hide it."

The monk said this, in fact, in his heart he did not really want to help Sun Rong, but wanted to try to see if there was really a way to deceive Wang Ling.

Challenging Wang Ling is the daily life of monk Jin Deng.

Even if he can't beat him in terms of hard power, the monk still wants to challenge him in other aspects on a daily basis.

Although it is said that family members should not be competitive, the monk never felt that he was competitive. It was clearly an ambition to take challenges.

But does he have the right to challenge? In fact, the key point still lies in Sun Rong.

Next to Zhuo Yi, Zhou Ziyi and Er Ha vaguely felt that this thing sounded unreliable. But Sun Rong's birthday surprise was obviously unstoppable.

What happens next is that one dares to speak and the other dares to listen.

"Then senior...what should I do?" Sun Rong asked.

"This matter requires a three-pronged approach if we are to conceal the truth." Monk Jin Deng suggested, "The first thing is to, distract him. Just like what Miss Liangzi said, send enough dry crispy noodles, this way, it will keep Ling Zhenren's attention from focusing on the big gift box that Miss Rong is in."

"It makes sense! Senior, continue!" Sun Rong believed it to be true.

"The second thing is that we need to make a fuss about the packaging. At that time, the poor monk will personally help Miss Rong. Miss Rong only needs to use the gold charms that the poor monk has blessed and apply it all over her body. Although it is probably impossible to deceive Ling Zhenren. But. At least we can resist it for a while."

Monk Jin Deng gave advice and said: "Then...the most important point is. That is about Ling Zhenren's King's Eyes. With King's Eyes, there is the ability to eliminate the false and preserve the true. Any disguise is useless. Therefore, this matter We also need help from brother Zhuo Yi."

"I?"

Zhuo Yi pointed at himself. The expression on his face gradually became more and more mad: "Hahaha! Okay! How can I help!"

This is not the first time that he, a disciple, has cheated his master.

Anyway, it is also to promote the relationship between Wang Ling and Sun Rong. Of course he is bound to do such a thing.

"I remember that brother Zhuo Yi has a sharing mechanism for King's Eyes. So at the moment Ling Zhenren receives the gift, can we use the ability to share King's Eyes to temporarily turn off the passive ability of King's Eyes to prevent the removal of the false and the true? Passive ability."

The monk said: "Of course. You don't need to resist for too long. A few minutes is enough."

"This..."

Zhuo Yi touched his chin, frowned, and then said: "I have never tried to do this before... I don't know if it will work. Also, does this count as cheating the teacher and destroying the ancestor..."

"Zhuo Yi Brother, you are overthinking this. What kind of deception is this to deceive one's master and destroy one's ancestors? It is obviously a beautiful story that will lead to a good marriage."

"That's it..." Zhuo Yi nodded: "Okay. Then I'll give it a try."

"..."

Seeing a group of people discussing the subsequent plan so seriously, Jiugong Liangzi began to regret his previous proposal.

About giving gifts. That's what she said...

Who would have thought that Sun Rong was completely treating a dead horse as a living doctor, but she really believed it!

She doesn't know why. She always has a bad feeling.

...

In the evening, after returning to the cadre apartment, Zhuo Yi immediately drafted an "acceptance plan" for the Office of Strategic Deception's official takeover plan for the Science and Technology City in Virtual Realm.

He has a special status in the Office of Strategic Deception.

In addition to the position of Elder guest secretary, he is also one of the ministers of the Office of Strategic Deception. The current Office of Strategic Deception is divided into eight departments. The eighth department he is in mainly performs the following three responsibilities:

Supervise the overall discipline of the sect.

Coordinating the future direction of the sect.

And planning the current development plan.

To put it bluntly, it can also be summarized using vocabulary on the Internet as: dog management + dog planning...

This time, the Office of Strategic Deception took action against the Science and Technology City in advance. Reporting without approval is actually suspected of violating the regulations. Therefore, in this case, Zhuo Yi needs to highlight the danger of this Science and Technology City in the plan. Make that part an "emergency escape" and then report it to Huaxiu Alliance.

There are only two subsequent results. One is that after the docking is completed by the Office of Strategic Deception, Huaxiu Alliance then takes over the Science and Technology City.

The first is to be fully taken over by the Office of Strategic Deception. The branch will be expanded smoothly.

Of course, one more technology city or one less technology city, this is nowadays the Office of Strategic Deception is irrelevant to the Office of Strategic Deception, the Office of Strategic Deception is now the first clan, strong soldiers and horses, strong strength.

What we have to do is not to become stronger blindly. It is to find a way to stabilize our current position.

Therefore, Zhuo Yi, as the head of the eight divisions of the Office of Strategic Deception, naturally had to make sure that there would not be any mistakes.

Of course...

In addition to this "acceptance plan", Zhuo Yi also has another plan. That is about Zhou Ziyi's apprenticeship plan...

After this incident, he felt that Zhou Ziyi was fully qualified to become his disciple with his outstanding personal performance.

And now, all that's left is a nod from Wang Ling.

...

Among the first batch of people to go back, Li Xian and Zhang Zhui were also among them.

They also heard about Wang Ling's birthday. They didn't care much about Sun Rong's plans. They were more concerned about what they should give as a gift.

Regarding this point, both of them tacitly believed that no one had more say than the person they were going to meet next.

In Wang Ming's private research institute, the two handed the memory chip to Wang Ming himself according to the instructions of Wang Ming's brainwave clone in the science and technology city.

The moment he saw the chip, Wang Ming knew what was going on. Holding the chip, he couldn't help but smile: "So that's it. Have you copied your own memories in the science and technology city? It's very much like my clone."

"Mr. Ming from Science and Technology City said that there will be important research materials in it."

"After all, my opponent is the legendary Eternal One, a man who has mastered the core technology in the Eternal Era. It will naturally be helpful to my research." Wang Ming said this. He couldn't help but sigh: "It's just this It's a pity..."

Li Xian looked at Wang Ming: "Mr. Ming is referring to... is that Shou Chong?"

"Yes." Wang Ming nodded and said, "It is said that after he was captured, he was divided. Master Wu Xin's disciple Nawei was integrated into his brain."

"That's right." Zhang Zhui nodded and said, "It's a pity that Brother Li Xian and I went too late. Otherwise, maybe we could have saved him."

"It's all destiny."

Wang Ming sighed. Then he inserted the chip in his hand directly into a helmet-shaped decomposer. Then he put the helmet on his head: "Then let's take a look. Then What useful news did I bring..."





Chapter 1695 Comprehensive defense configuration of Wang Ling


Wang Ling has always had a vague intuition. He feels that some of the major events that have happened recently seem to have come to an end. But they may not have been truly resolved.

The dark forces behind the scenes may be planning a counterattack. They may form a hemp rope to deal with him.

It sounds a bit scary.

It even made Wang Ling feel a little panicked.

But this panic was not for himself. It was for his family.

He is indeed very strong. After all, Father Wang and Mother Wang are still ordinary little cultivators who have not even reached the Foundation Building stage. As for his sister Wang Nuan, she is even more of a little kid who has not officially developed.

Although it is important to accumulate combat experience, after all, it is still in the stage of growth and development. It would not be good if Ah Nuan girl attacks too many times.

According to teacher Luo Xiang, letting Ah Nuan girl continue to fight may constitute the crime of "employing child labor to engage in hazardous labor."

This crime. Wang Ling feels that he cannot afford it.

Therefore Wang Ling feels that it is necessary to make various preparations.

Not preparing it for myself. But preparing it for the people at home.

It's obviously not enough to just transform into a monster to control the house. If Father Wang and Mother Wang go out, they may encounter other dangers.

It is precisely because of this that Wang Ling did not cancel the unicorn arm that was given to Father Wang last time.

As we all know, this pair of unicorn arms transformed into a unicorn maid.

One is named Kato.

One is named Eagle.

It is now intelligently controlled, and learning ability is extremely strong, through watching movies martial arts video, absorbing all aspects of the fighting experience, Wang Ling heard that recently Father Wang's one inch punch is very strong, fist to the flesh and hand speed is extremely fast, and the movie that kung fu star almost no difference, and even once there is beyond the frame.

Of course. This is an effect that can only be achieved when the Kirin Arm is activated.

Under normal circumstances, the Kirin Arms are invisible.

On the one hand, it is to prevent the Kirin maid transformed from the Kirin Arm from destroying the harmonious relationship between husband and wife.

On the other hand, it is also to prevent Father Wang from accidentally breaking the keyboard while typing.

Therefore. Now only when encountering life-threatening situations, the Kirin Arm will be automatically triggered and activated.

All in all, compared to Mother Wang, Father Wang still has certain self-defense capabilities.

However, in general, it is still not enough.

The enemies we face now are no longer the self-respecting bugs in the corners of the earth.

All of them are cosmic-level bosses, creatures from the old factions, the Eternals, etc...

When meeting these people, all aspects of defense must be comprehensive.

Previously, when Wang Nuan was born, Fenmu Shen wanted to take action against Mother Wang. In fact, this gave Wang Ling a very important revelation.

He felt it was time to pay some attention to his parents.

It was Friday, December 26th. Wang Ling took an unprecedented leave of absence and did not go to school.

It was obviously his birthday, but he was worried about the safety of his parents and the overall defense of the Wang family's villa.

Father Wang and Mother Wang were very moved.

Because it's Wang Ling's birthday. I actually thought of giving them gifts.

Although the gift is thermal underwear...

To be honest. This is the inspiration Wang Ling got from Zhou Ziyi.

During this trip to the Science and Technology City, Zhuo Yi put on all the thermal underwear he gave Zhou Ziyi layer by layer in order to avoid danger.

It directly turned Zhou Ziyi into a "Michelin tire."

However, the results were surprisingly good.

For the defenseless Father Wang and Mother Wang, thermal underwear is indeed the best choice.

Of course, Wang Ling has made a new and improved version of the thermal underwear for this gift!

Directly upgraded to version 5.0!

The updates and improvements are as follows:

1:5.0 version of thermal underwear. The defense power will be the normal defense power of 10 sets of thermal underwear.

2: There is no need to consider the problem of restraint.

One set on the body can directly lock all parts of the body for thorough protection.

3: In case of emergency danger, the stand-in attack mode can be activated. At that time, thermal underwear will summon powerful stand-in bodyguards to protect you in all directions...

...

Furthermore, it is the backyard and front yard of the Wang family's small villa.

After returning from the Science and Technology City, the 096 that recognized Ah Nuan as its owner was also brought back by Wang Ling. It is currently being raised in the backyard.

096 is a rabbit-eared creature that was originally in human form. Wang Ling taught 096 the method of shape-changing, allowing it to transform into a cute rabbit on its own.

It's only the size of a teacup. It's snow-white. And it looks harmless. But you can still tell it's 096 from the action of covering its face.

In other words, the Wang family's yard now has Er Ha in the front yard and 096 in the back yard.

One dog and one rabbit serve as security guards. Such a configuration is unheard of.

"What should I do with the feed?" At this time, Er Ha asked.

Compared with 096. Er Ha's private chats are regularly provided by Guo Hao. And now that he has become a mythical beast, in addition to ordinary private chats, he can also supplement it by absorbing the power of chaos.

But 096 is different. Although this kind of sheltered creature is theoretically the product of Chaos, in the eyes of Chaos, it is a mistake born from Chaos.

Therefore, their own attributes are actually a bit strange. They are not compatible with Chaos. The power of Chaos cannot provide 096 normal energy subsidies.

But Wang Ling has already thought of this.

He took out a grass seed from his pocket and sown it directly in the backyard.

This grass seed shocked 096 and Er Ha at the same time.

"It's actually Tomb Grass..." Er Ha was completely stunned.

"Yeah."Wang Ling nodded.

This grass seed of Tomb Grass was given by Leng Ming. It itself was transformed from Tomb Grass. Naturally, it also prepared some grass seeds.

The principle is similar to the principle of plucking a monkey's hair to create a monkey grandchild...

The key is that Tomb Grass is different from ordinary grass. It is not a product of chaos, but it can grow infinitely by absorbing various energies such as chaos, spiritual power, and original energy.

As long as there is enough energy, it is a perpetual motion machine that can continue to grow taller.

It is definitely enough to be used as feed for 096.

As for the issue of growth. Wang Ling also prepared a "chaos shower." The space inside the showerhead connects to the universe. It will regularly absorb the power of chaos in the universe.

096 cannot absorb the power of chaos to replenish its own energy. Then use this chaos shower. Water the tomb grass first. After the tomb grass is fertilized, it can be directly harvested for feed.

Of course, apart from Er Ha and 096 guards, the external defenses of the Wang family's villa are obviously not enough.

So Wang Ling also took out a pair of red paintings from his "King's Pants" and pasted them on the backyard and front yard.

The painting shows a pair of old men with beards. They look a bit like Lao K from playing cards. It is a common type of defensive magic weapon. Generally speaking, the creatures sealed in the painting are a bit like "ghosts." It's just that these "ghosts" have been purified through artificial processing. They are tamed and docile.

Take the pair of paintings that Wang Ling took out.

This magic weapon is called "Guo Shi Wushuang."

Regarding the old men in the painting, one is carrying a missile launcher and the other is holding a Gatling gun. They look very mighty and majestic.

The most important thing is that in addition to the antithetical couplets, there is also a couplet on it.

It reads:

"Shooting the demons in all directions and crippling them"

"The bombardment of exquisite Wuhu took off from all sides"





Chapter 1696 Birthday Surprise and New Year Surprise


The external fortifications were completed. Wang Ling just breathed a sigh of relief. This ensured that Father Wang and Mother Wang would be safe as long as they stayed inside the house when the enemy attacked.

The current Wang family's villa is like a fort. What comes out is the word tyranny.

No matter who comes, they can hit him like a tiger or a tiger, or hit him like a catastrophe.

Throughout the whole process, Ah Nuan was obediently lying on Wang Ling's shoulder and watching. This little girl likes to stick to herself. And Wang Ling was also the first time that Wang Nuan felt a sense of touch with other people. A different emotion felt.

He didn't reject it. This was the most incredible thing for him.

But in fact Wang Ling didn't take long. I figured it out in my own way.

Because Ah Nuan girl is his biological sister whose blood is thicker than water. She is one of the most important people to him, so he will not reject her.

The most important person...

When I think about it at this point, Wang Ling feels that on this birthday of this year, I seem to have a whole new thought.

For a long time he would never think about other people's affairs.

But now, when he realizes how important the people close to him are, he suddenly feels the need to protect these important people...

These people should not just refer to his relatives.

He admitted that he was somewhat conflicted now.

Because according to his consistent logic, it seems that only if these people do not exist can he enjoy the calm, peaceful and peaceful life that he longs for.

But now that kind of life seems to be getting further and further away from him.

And he also became... more and more accustomed to...

...

Towards the evening of that day, there were a dozen familiar figures approaching the Wang family's villa. These dozen people were divided into two groups. One group was led by Chen Chao, and the other group was led by Zhuo Yi.

As the best brother of Wang Ling in Number 60 High School. There is no reason not to give gifts to brothers on their birthdays.

For this reason, Chen Chao, Guo Hao and Su Xiao have all prepared their own gifts.

Previously, the class also issued a list of gifts for Wang Ling. This was asked by Chen Chao privately one by one. Then he put them all together and distributed them to Wang Ling.

Usually because Wang Ling is taciturn, there are not many people who have a real good relationship with Wang Ling. Logically speaking, Wang Ling would not receive too many gifts.

But this time the gift list is unexpectedly rich...

"Why are there so many people?"

When Guo Hao saw this full list, he was a little dumbfounded.

"Because many people have heard that Wang Ling is a mascot... Giving gifts to the mascot is a tribute that can enhance your European style in a sense." Su Xiao said.

"This is true. But in fact, the situation is more complicated than we imagined."

"complex?"

"Didn't you see that there are many foreign workers in the gift list? They usually have nothing to do with Wang Ling. How can they give gifts for no reason?"

"Yes! How strange!"

"It's not surprising at all. I think these people are most likely to join Gray Cult." Chen Chao spread his hands and said.

Guo Hao and Su Xiao nodded almost at the same time.

They may not believe what others say, but Chen Chao's mouth is not sealed.

Can't help but believe it.

Of course, although many people give gifts, the gifts themselves are not that expensive gadgets.

We are all high school students. The gift is just a heartfelt gift. Not everyone can treat the aircraft carrier as a gift like the Sun Rong family.

So when school was over that day, Chen Chao, Guo Hao and Su Xiao acted as representatives to deliver the gifts directly to the door of the Wang family's villa.

They thought that Sun Rong would also come, but surprisingly Sun Rong declined the invitation and disappeared as soon as the school day ended.

Chen Chao felt that it wasn't that Sun Rong didn't want to give gifts to Wang Ling, she obviously had her own ideas!

I just don't know what Sun Rong wants to do...

With the financial resources of Huaguo Shuilian Group.

As long as money can buy anything in this world, there is nothing that cannot be bought. However, Chen Chao felt that Sun Rong definitely did not want to give such an insincere gift.

Guo Hao: "What do you think Sun Rong will give Wang Ling? It won't be a house, will it? If you give a house directly, then I would be a good friend, ... good friend, how many years less will I have to struggle?"

"The house shouldn't be that big. This gift is too expensive. Wang Ling may not accept it."

Su Xiao said: "And this is a very tacky gift. To the rich, a house is not a house at all, it's just a playing card. When I went to the exchange meeting of the 59th middle school, I personally saw three girls bring their real estate certificates to the game of "Fight the Landlord." Have you ever seen a straight flush from the first to the ninth ring?"

"..."

Chen Chao and Guo Hao were shocked when they heard this.

Didn't know this kind of thing existed at all.

After a few minutes of silence, Chen Chao said again: "I don't think Sun Rong will give away the house either, it's too ridiculous. It's not like she's getting married. Even if she were to give away a house, she'd have to find a way to gift herself out first!"

"..."

Guo Hao, Su Xiao understood again.

So, that's what it is?

Sun Rong wants to gift himself away!

...

On the other side, another team headed by Zhuo Yi approached the Wang family villa from different directions. Sun Rong was very nervous along the way. Just ordering special noodles last night cost a lot of money. Less time. It took a lot of effort to catch up.

Of course. The most important thing is actually the gift box that contains her gift. The style of the gift box Sun Rong was also chosen for a long time.

She and the courier who delivered the gift box agreed to meet at this time in front of the Wang family's villa. Everything else had been taken care of.

"Master's wife, there's no need to be so nervous. You have to relax a little. In this case, I can also relax a little." Zhuo Yi consoled her: "I'll send you a gift box with those crispy noodles later, Master's wife." time. I will do my best to disconnect King's Eyes' ability to remove falsehood and preserve truth."

Zhuo Yi was really nervous.

After all, this kind of behavior does have the meaning of "deceiving the master and destroying the ancestor"...

"Who is your Master's wife..." Sun Rong blushed and quickly used a cooling spell on herself.

After her mind calmed down a bit, she frowned slightly again.

Because the person who sent the gift box hasn't arrived yet.

She is quite ready on her own.

It was just as planned from the beginning. Monk Jin Deng prepared a lot of blessed gold charms for her. All she had to do was wait for her to get into the gift box and stick it all over her body.

In order to customize the gift box, Zhuo Yi knew that Sun Rong also put in a lot of effort.

After all, there is a person inside the gift box.

But when I went shopping yesterday, most of the surprise gift boxes containing people looked like coffins for some reason...

So in the end there was no choice. Sun Rong had no choice but to take the customization route.

Zhuo Yi I heard that this gift box was customized by Sun Rong by a skilled craftsman. It doesn't look like a coffin at all. And it is very artistic!

"Is that the guy with the red hat?"

At this time, Zhuo Yi saw a courier guy from a distance.

Pulling a big box and riding an electric tricycle slowly coming from a distance...

And through King's Eyes. Zhuo Yi can easily see what the inside of the box looks like. This customized gift box.

Immediately, he gasped: "Hiss..."

This gift box...

Charming is good enough.

It was made of metal, with perfect curves, and it really didn't look like a coffin at all. It was completely customized for Sun Rong.

But the problem is...

This gift box is special. It is shaped like a human!





Chapter 1697 Implanted consciousness


Wang Ming wanted to give out detailed conceptual information about the first version of the new Talisman on Wang Ling's birthday. He planned to name it "Eternal Talisman." He privately thought that this was the best thing he could give so far.

Compared with all those fancy things that money can buy, only the design and development of Eternal Talisman can bring eternal happiness to Wang Ling.

Many people have different definitions of happiness.

So for Wang Ling. What exactly is happiness?

In this regard, as a brother, Wang Ming feels that he has thought very thoroughly.

For Wang Ling, happiness is simple and plain.

He especially hoped that one day he could tell Wang Ling in person: "Congratulations, Lingzi... you can finally live a normal life."

However, there is still a long way to go to realize such a vision.

After analyzing the memory chip brought from the Virtual Realm through a dedicated analysis helmet, Wang Ming suddenly felt that his brain and body fell into a long-lost fatigue.

Logically speaking, with his brain capacity, it is not a problem to process this part of short-term memory. But now he actually has a trance-like feeling. This makes Wang Ming feel a little uncomfortable.

When he stood up, his body swayed. He almost knocked over the coffee on the table. Zhai Yin stepped forward and held him firmly: "Don't force yourself too much."

"I didn't..." Wang Ming's face turned pale and he said slightly weakly.

He is a little uncomfortable. But I don't know why. I'm just analyzing the data. How could he be so tired?

Could it be...a problem with the crystal card?

Wang Ming vaguely sensed something was wrong. He quickly grabbed Li Xian's hand and said, "Senior Li Xian, let me ask you...who else has touched this crystal card?"

"The crystal card was given to us by Mr. Ming. It has never been touched by anyone." Li Xian replied.

"During the process of making this crystal card, did anyone see it?"

"During the production, Brother Zi Xiang and I used the Minature Corpse Map given by Ling Zhenren to seal the remaining trapped creatures. I have never seen how this crystal card was made." Li Xian answered truthfully.

After saying this, Wang Ming suddenly felt bad.

If no one is there to see the production process of this crystal card, then the situation will be very intriguing...

At this time, Wang Ming's thoughts were very confused. Despite his headache, he stacked the hands of Zhai Yin, Li Xian, and Zhang Zhui together. Then he held them up himself: "Yinzi and seniors Li Xian and senior Zhang Zhui... What I say below is very important. Please be sure to stay calm after hearing what I say..."

"Mr. Ming just said it's okay. We'll all listen to Mr. Ming's arrangements."

"That's right. I suspect that my brain has been implanted with a consciousness. In simple terms, you can also understand this consciousness as a virus in the computer program."

"Conscious body? What will happen to Mr. Ming?"

"It's hard to tell the result. This consciousness is very strong. I have tried to clean it with my own power. But it doesn't work."

Wang Ming said: "Looking at it now, the worst-case scenario is that I might become a completely different person."

"Then what do we do?" At this time, Zhai Yin calmed down and looked at Wang Ming.

Wang Ming suddenly smiled bitterly: "Why don't you cry? I'm already like this...and...if I become another person, I might not be able to change back."

"What's the use of crying... I believe you have a solution! And... you have to change back!"

At this time, Zhai Yin held Wang Ming's head: "Wang Ming! You must always remember! If you can't change back! You will most likely be assigned to the legendary Minotaur plot!"

Wang Ming: "..."

Zhai Yin's statement was so terrifying that it made Wang Ming suddenly wake up like an enlightenment.

And it turns out that this obsession to avoid being turned into a tauren played a huge role in the subsequent progress...

...

the other side.

Zhuo Yi and Sun Rong are still overwhelmed by the shocking human-shaped gift box in front of them. The courier boy responsible for delivering the gift box is provided by the merchant. Faced with the situation of dissatisfied customers. This guy was also a little helpless: "Miss Sun, this gift box is completely customized according to your requirements. The key is that it really doesn't look like a coffin at all. And it looks very exquisite at first glance! The workmanship is full of materials. !"

"..."

"And our boss knows that Miss Sun is giving it to her boyfriend. She wants to give her boyfriend a surprise."

"No...he's not yet..."

"Hehe. It will always be the case in the future. Our gift box is a masterpiece that the boss spent an entire night making. When the gift box is opened, there is a mezzanine. It also comes with a crib." The courier boy rubbed his hands.

Their boss had actually reached this stage a long time ago. No girl can stop the thought of falling in love with the person she likes for a lifetime and then having a baby.

Often just some baby-related design elements can improve the maternal nature of these girls.

This is the general trend.

It is precisely because of this that there are more and more mom fans these days.

Sure enough, after hearing these words, Sun Rong couldn't stand it any longer, and immediately made up her mind: "No need to say anything. I will buy it!"

Zhuo Yi: "..."

So just ten minutes later, when Zhuo Yi delivered a cart of limited-edition dry noodles and a human-shaped gift box to the door of the Wang family's villa.

Mother Wang, who came out to help sign for the goods, was immediately stunned: "Xiao Zhuo. These are..."

"These are gifts for Master. But they are not given by me. I am only responsible for escorting them." Zhuo Yi said while wiping his sweat.

"Hey. Just come. What else can I give you? That's so polite." Mother Wang said a few words. Then she focused all her attention on the unique-looking humanoid gift box next to it.

Zhuo Yi immediately became nervous: "Well...don't be anxious first. Just listen to my explanation..."

"Little Zhuozi, there is no need to explain." Mother Wang was stunned for a while, then shook her head: "The child has grown up after all... During the growth and development period, it is easy to hold back. It is normal to need an outlet to vent."

"That's not the case. Auntie..."

"I know. Lingling in a special situation, so a normal one won't hold up, so this must be a special one, right? It's made of special material so that it won't break so easily."

"..." Zhuo Yi held his head. It felt like he couldn't explain it at all: "This is really not..."

"I understand. Xiao Zhuozi. Thank you for your thoughtful consideration."

"No, Auntie. This is really not an inflatable..."

"Inflatable sandbag? The material is too poor."

"Oh. So Auntie was talking about sandbags... Then it's okay..."





Chapter 1698 Waiting for each other to grow up


After successfully delivering the box, the harmless-looking delivery boy quickly left the Wang family villa on his tricycle. He drove the car to a remote corner and made a call.

The person on the other end of the phone told him something. Then the guy quickly replied: "Yes, boss. The customized gift box has been delivered."

"Oh...that means I'll find another body, right? Then just abandon this body?"

"That's it. You want me to look like a car accident? Don't worry, boss. Your subordinates will do it properly."

After hanging up the phone, the courier boy's pupils dimmed quickly, then split into tentacle-like patterns.

He rode a tricycle to the nearest road. He amplified his senses. After searching for several minutes, he finally settled on a Tesla electric and psionic hybrid vehicle that drove itself from afar.

In the car, a family of three were sitting happily in the back seat. He pedaled the tricycle and sped past.

Bang! A sound!

The cars collided. There was a big explosion.

With his body burned by the flames, he jumped onto the car and lifted the roof. He saw a man and woman who had been hit beyond recognition and hugged the unconscious girl tightly.

Everything was as he expected.

Human kinship will play a vital role at this moment.

This little girl, who was only ten years old, was immediately protected by her parents after being hit. She did not die.

And this is also the result he wants to see.

"Mission accomplished."

He couldn't help but curl his lips. Immediately, an invisible golden light separated from his body and attached to the little girl's body.

From the next moment.

He is no longer him.

Her name is Chen Xiaomu.

He was the only survivor in a car accident with a courier boy.

At the same time, it is also the Old Dominator that continuously attaches itself to human consciousness on Earth.

Same as the End Hunter in Old Dominator.

This group of them also has an exclusive code name. It is called: Thought Plague.

...

On the other side. Wang Ling received many birthday gifts. Chen Chao, Guo Hao and Su Xiao actually arrived first. After the three people handed the gifts to Wang Ling, they started sneaking around. Entered the house. He looked like he had a secret to tell Wang Ling.

Wang Ling listened to Chen Chao's words. He was stunned: "You know. Wang Ling...I think. Sun Rong wants to give herself to you!"

"..."

It's just what other people said. When Chen Chao said it, Wang Ling immediately shed a drop of sweat on his forehead.

Want to give yourself to him?

It's not necessary...

How could he accept a living person as a gift? And the most important thing is, he thinks Sun Rong is of no use and the noodles are not delicious at all.

In addition, Wang Ling has no intention of falling in love at all. If he accepts this "gift", what should he do if he is misunderstood?

These are all questions for Wang Ling to consider.

As the saying goes, rabbits do not eat grass on the edge of the nest, high mid-term feelings between Wang Ling seems to have been unreliable, he felt that Sun Rong is still in a moment of brain fever ...... coupled with his attitude towards Sun Rong, but also just pure friendship, at this stage it is impossible to consider the long-term development.

No...

Not just at this stage. Even in the future it will not be possible.

"Wang Ling. Just make peace with it now. You said it was so obvious to her, so you just accepted it?" Guo Hao said, "Don't worry. Brothers will definitely support you with all their strength..."

"But isn't it a bit too guilty to fall in love now? Teacher Pan will be unhappy if I know it." Su Xiao said.

"She is just a pedantic old stubborn." Guo Hao retorted: "Besides, can this be called falling in love? This is clearly called enhancing friendship. Wang Ling and Sun Rong. This is in the process of enhancing friendship. Let's wait for each other to grow up."

Wang Ling: "..."

Gods are waiting for each other to grow up!

"Ling Ling, Miss Rong has given you a birthday gift. You have to thank her properly when you come back! Let's go out for a meal or something!"

At this time.

Mother Wang brought Sun Rong's birthday gift to Wang Ling. A pile of custom-made crispy noodles in a giant gift box made him very satisfied. And next to the gift box, there was a human figure. Gift box. It makes Wang Ling want to return it...

"Ah ah! The weather is nice today. Wang Ling! Happy birthday to you! We will evacuate first!" Chen Chao was already laughing from ear to ear. He quickly patted Guo Hao and Su Xiao on the shoulders. Almost forcing the two of them to leave Wang Ling's room together, and then quickly disappeared.

This kind of vision is not bad. Wang Ling feels that if he really likes Sun Rong. Chen Chao's move is definitely the strongest assist operation.

To be honest, Wang Ling originally planned to send Sun Rong directly back. However, when he saw the human-shaped gift box, he still felt that something was wrong.

"Don't bother. The secondary pupil's counter-control ability is ineffective." Wang Ling glanced out the window and sent a message to Zhuo Yi who was ambushing outside the villa.

He was waiting for an opportunity outside the door of the Wang family's villa. Unexpectedly, before he exerted any force, he already felt the dead fish-eye stare from the room on the second floor of Wang Ling.

For a moment, Zhuo Yi felt a little disappointed.

You are worthy of being a master. No one else has such insight...

But from Wang Ling's tone just now, he heard a somewhat dignified tone.

Is there something wrong with the gift box?

If you already know that the gift box contains Master's Wife, under normal circumstances, with Master's temper, he would definitely send Master's Wife back without even opening the box.

But now. Wang Ling has not done that.

Writing makes Zhuo Yi realize the problem.

He immediately went upstairs and saw Lord Ma and Er Ha sitting around the human-shaped gift box inspecting it.

"What exactly is going on?" Zhuo Yi asked.

"There is something wrong with the gift box. Miss Rong can't get out." Er Ha said.

Zhuo Yi: "How is that possible?"

Er Ha: "This gift box has been tampered with. It will explode if opened. And the explosion is not small. I'm afraid it will affect many innocent people. In addition, the explosion may bring cosmic energy radiation... causing Irreversible damage. Judging from the current methods, it should be those of the Old Dominator."

"Fenmu Shen?"

"It may be him. It may also be his followers." Er Ha said: "Of course. These are what Little Master Lingzi told me."

"Can't it be demolished by force?"

"If it is forced to be demolished, Miss Rong may endure unbearable pain. Even if she can be resurrected, there is no guarantee that her soul will be intact under the intense pain." Er Ha said: "Of course, in addition to this gift box, there are also crispy noodles in the box, are customized out-of-print flavors ... If it explodes, it would be too bad."

Zhuo Yi: "..."

It seems that this is the main reason for not demolishing...

"What should we do now?" Zhuo Yi asked.

Er Ha: "We can only let Lord Ma try it first to see if he can use some tricks to teleport Miss Rong out of the box alone..."





Chapter 1699 Consciousness Infection


Spatial positioning through teleportation. Lord Ma's mood at this time was extremely complicated and extremely nervous. As a man in love, he actually had a feeling...

That is, the man next to me said he wanted to save crispy noodles. He showed a very "role model" side. But in fact, what he really wanted to save was Sun Rong.

It's just because of my personality. I didn't say it out loud.

He didn't know if his intuition was accurate. But rescuing Sun Rong has suddenly become his top priority right now. And it's obvious. He can only succeed... he can't fail.

If he couldn't be rescued, he felt that his body might get cold.

As the only one who has seen the asses of the Wang family's members, the only one who has been used in turn by the Wang family's members, the strongest among the spirits, and the only one who is in love with the Ushiki tree, Lord Ma is for the first time transmitting to a specific person with the seriousness of a surgery being performed.

The next second, with a flash of light, beside Wang Ling, Lord Ma, who was covered in cold sweat, disappeared in an instant. Instead, there was a soft body covered with Talisman.

Because I stayed in the humanoid gift box for too long. Secondly, I was a little nervous after hearing a few people talking outside. As a result, Sun Rong felt a little hypoxic inside.

Now that she was rescued by Lord Ma, her feet immediately weakened. She originally fell towards Zhuo Yi, but Zhuo Yi had no intention of supporting her at all.

Instead, he secretly used a gravitational technique to turn the direction of Sun Rong, who immediately fell on Wang Ling.

Sun Rong: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

The two of them looked at each other in disbelief, but only Sun Rong's face burned for a moment, and she hastily let go of his hand.

At this time Zhuo Yi walked over and showed a natural expression as if nothing had happened: "That's great. Miss Rong is fine. But this matter. It seems that it has not been resolved yet."

Lord Ma saved Sun Rong that's right.

But in fact this cannot be said to be salvation.

Because Lord Ma took advantage of the gift box not paying attention and replaced herself in it.

It ensures that there is always a person lying in the human-shaped gift box. This prevents the gift box from exploding.

Of course. This is also the best way for Lord Ma after comprehensive consideration. It can ensure the rescue of Sun Rong and transfer the risk to himself.

He is just a toilet. Even if the gift box explodes in the end, he will not feel any pain.

Wang Ling fully affirms Lord Ma's performance.

Enlighten the spirits. Their souls are given by Wang Ling. They are different from ordinary human cultivators.

So Lord Ma used the civet cat to replace the prince, and replaced himself. The rest will be easy.

Wang Ying cooperates well.

He had been watching for a long time. He also knew what Wang Ling was thinking at this time. He immediately took this human-shaped gift box and shrunk into an inch, away from the earth, and to other corners of the universe.

This is where Wang Ying often plays Planet thumping technique with Sun Ying'er.

He didn't know how many planet spirits have been harmed by him.

So it is most appropriate to choose this place to detonate.

Anyway, he will repair these planet spirits later on.

Bang!

Just a few seconds later, a huge explosion came from the depths of the universe.

A huge mushroom cloud rose out of thin air and stretched for several light-years along with the powerful explosive ring. It blew everything around it apart.

This alarm could not be heard by cultivators below the level of Dao God.

Wang Ling moved his ears. He looked towards a certain direction in the void. Follow his line of sight. That was the location of the explosion.

The scale of the explosion was greater than Wang Ling's actual estimates.

Because at the same time as the explosion, the spirit of the planet was also detonated, resulting in a series of explosions, like a falling domino, which suddenly increased the scope and power of the explosion to a stronger level.

It's hard to imagine what kind of destructive force it would cause if something like this happened on Earth. I'm afraid the entire solar system would disappear.

And those who can arrange such means are definitely not ordinary people.

Later, Wang Ying returned with Lord Ma, who was instantly repaired. Lord Ma became a personal experiencer of the explosion. Although he was the oldest person among the spirits, the condition on his face was obviously not good.

He shuddered slowly. He was still a little frightened. He had never experienced an explosion of this scale.

If it weren't for the special nature of the enlightened spirit, I'm afraid it would have been difficult to survive.

"Teacher Ma. What happened?" Zhuo Yi imitated the tone of a recently popular ghost video. As a result, Wang Ling rolled his eyes.

"Master, don't blame me... I just want to liven up the atmosphere..." Zhuo Yi smiled awkwardly.

"I'm sorry, Lord Ma. It's all because of me..." Sun Rong blamed herself.

"This matter has nothing to do with Miss Rong. Even if the gift box was lying on someone else's side, the other party would have done the same thing. It's just that Miss Rong happened to be taken advantage of."

Lord Ma thought for a moment and said: "Moreover, such a method is not something ordinary people can do. The master took leave today and specially built fortifications at home. The purpose is to prepare for rainy days and resist foreign enemies. He never thought that these people would take action. Come on. It's so quick."

"Who?" Sun Rong asked.

"Those I have dealt with before are at least cosmic-level figures." Lord Ma replied.

"But haven't those people already been ... by Wang Ling?"

"Since he is a cosmic figure, he always has a way to resurrect himself. It is not so easy to completely eliminate him. Even if he only leaves a grain of ashes, it may become the key to the recovery of these people."

"Then their strength must have been greatly reduced." Sun Rong said.

"That's true. But if these defeated people are twisted into a hemp rope and plan to deal with it together, it will still be a bit troublesome." Lord Ma sighed and said, "When you find a pile of people on the floor in the kitchen, Cockroaches crawling around. If you hit them with a palm, there will always be fish that slip through the net. But if it blows up the kitchen, I'm afraid it will affect yourself and even your neighbors."

Sun Rong heard this and nodded slightly. She knew that it was not easy to deal with such a matter, especially for Wang Ling. All aspects must be dealt with carefully.

"Then what can I do to help you now?" Sun Rong asked.

"It's very simple." At this time, Er Ha jumped on the table, looked at Sun Rong and said: "You just need to protect yourself. Judging from all the signs now, they have already targeted you. So in the end So we can upgrade the six-core Aohai."

"Upgrade... to nine cores?" Sun Rong looked surprised.

"Nine-core Aohai. With this combat power, it is enough." Lord Ma also nodded and said: "But in the explosion just now, I also noticed something strange."

At this time, Lord Ma opened his mouth. A transparent light ball protruded from his mouth: "If the pupil power is not strong enough, it should be invisible. This thing was captured by me in the explosion. It seems to have the ability to control consciousness."

Wang Ling's eyes suddenly froze.

Because he saw a squirming transparent insect in this transparent light group, and it exuded a smell that belonged to the Old Dominator...

"This matter is indeed related to Fenmu Shen."Zhuo Yi frowned.

"The other party is very likely to have penetrated deeply into us." Lord Ma said: "This bug can control consciousness, so it can also silently infect human cultivators, judging from their level of understanding of our intelligence, right next to your master, I'm afraid that there are already important people who have been infected."





Chapter 1700 How to prove that you are not parasitized


Lord Ma's inference is completely logical. When the infected person is already around, we have to guard against it.

Wang Ling closed his eyes and used his retrieval ability to communicate with the "Book of Sage Immortal" remotely. Although the Book of Sage Immortal had already been sent out of this universe, it was still occasionally used as a remote search engine by Wang Ling.

After sending it out, the noisy voice of the Book of Sage Immortal did reduce a lot, and it was also much more convenient for Wang Ling to check the Book of Sage Immortal, because of the remote will communication, this annoying ipad will not be that Jumping in the face, and it will only give him the answer he wants.

Of course. Wang Ling feels that this may also be a sign of weakness from the Book of Sage Immortal. It is probably to make up for it or something.

"Thinking Plague."

Wang Ling secretly chewed on the name he got from the "Book of Sage Immortal."

This is one of the dirtiest characters in Old Dominator. It controls silently by invading the mind. Not just human cultivators. Any creature with life and soul will be controlled by the other party.

And, most importantly.

Those with the thought plague will constantly change the bodies they have invaded so as to leave no traces.

And the final outcome of those discarded bodies will be clearly arranged, disguised as various suicides or accidental deaths. In this way, there is no way to investigate.

But no matter what, the seriousness of this matter is enough to attract Wang Ling's attention.

Because according to the currently known data, people with the Thought Plague are extremely contagious, especially after replacing their bodies. Even though those used bodies will become dead bodies, they can also become new sources of infection.

This means that they will leave their own "seeds" in the corpse, allowing those who come into contact with the seeds to become new infections.

Therefore, if this matter is not taken seriously, it may spread among human cultivators on a large scale.

As the Old Dominator in the universe for eternity, with the current cultivation methods on earth, there is currently no way to identify the true identity of this kind of creature. Once parasitized, it means that it will be 100% controlled.

So for the problem before Wang Ling now, we must first investigate three points.

The first is the source of the thought plague.

The second is who assigned these thought plaguers.

And the third thing is who of the people around you are infected and how to prevent it.

"That's the basic situation Master said."

After Zhuo Yi summarized the message given by Wang Ling, he verbally relayed the incident to other people here in a simple and clear way.

Now as an apprentice, he is not only used to "take the blame", but also used for various other purposes.

When he said this, his mind was filled with a scene from a movie, where Wang Ling appeared in front of him dressed like a gangster in the dark and rainy street, asking him: "What is the surprise you mean by translating1 ..."

1(Scene from a Chinese Comedy/Western "è®©å­å¼¹é£ž" "Let the Bullets Fly") "In other words, we need to prove our innocence now?" Lord Ma said.

"Lord Ma, you don't have to. After all, you are the magic spirit. Master can tell it at a glance. As for the others, no one can escape." Zhuo Yi curled his lips and smiled: "Let's do it. One Come one. Let's ask each other questions. Prove innocence."

There are no outsiders here. Except Zhuo Yi, it is Sun Rong and Er Ha.

The operation of self-proving innocence is not what Wang Ling thinks of. It is Zhuo Yi who has his own ideas...

Wang Ling didn't stop it. Instead, it was like watching a show.

When Zhuo Yi said these words, he saw Sun Rong's face turned red, as if it would burn up at any time.

"Well, let me start. You ask me first." Zhuo Yi looked at Er Ha and asked.

Er Ha responded quickly: "Do you prefer plateau or flat land?"

Zhuo Yi: "Flat ground."

...

Zhuo Yi: "Then what is your favorite thing to eat? Bone sticks and big meat flies."

Er Ha: "Of course it's a bone stick filled with big meat flies!"

...

"Very good! Proof complete!"

One person and one dog cooperated tacitly. After asking each other questions, they gave each other a high-five.

Sun Rong: "This...is this enough?"

Zhuo Yi nodded: "Of course. Then would Miss Rong want to come and give it a try?"

Sun Rong: "Just try it..."

She thought she might ask some tricky questions, so she was worried. But the question just now didn't seem to be anything special.

So Zhuo Yi looked at her and suddenly asked: "If a boy who is prettier than Master appears in front of you, will you fall in love with him?"

This question surprised Sun Rong. But she still shook her head firmly: "Of course not."

She had always been convinced in her heart.

The reason why I like Wang Ling is not because I like Wang Ling's face.

There are so many good-looking young men. As the eldest daughter of the Sun family, she can call out so many of them and leave them at once. But only Wang Ling is special to her.

Upon hearing the answer, Zhuo Yi looked like he had succeeded in his conspiracy. He quickly asked: "Why? Is it because you like my master?"

Sun Rong knew it was bad as soon as he heard it. I was tricked by Zhuo Yi again!

This bad guy...knows his tricks all day long.

He even asked questions!

And forget about asking. I still ask this kind of question...and in front of Wang Ling. How should she answer it!

She struggled internally, then gritted her teeth and rejected it with all her strength: "Of course...of course not!"

Zhuo Yi was shocked when he heard this: "No? It turns out you are a fake Miss Rong. Brother Ha, let's go!"

Sun Rong was instantly panicked. He looked at Zhuo Yi with an expression of resignation: "Yes...yes...I like Wang Ling! Isn't that okay?"

She looked unhappy. The shame of being forced to confess her love in front of Wang Ling made her just want to find a hole to crawl into.

When Wang Ling heard this, his expression didn't change much.

The main reason is that Sun Rong has confessed her love a few times before, so she is probably a bit used to it.

He knows that Zhuo Yi loves to cause trouble so much. It is actually an act of assisting.

But there is one thing to say. Wang Ling feels that this is a useless effort.

Because he won't like Sun Rong.

It is said that there is no pure friendship between men and women. Wang Ling feels that this is not correct at all.

He felt that he and Sun Rong had this kind of pure friendship.

That's right.

It's just friendship.

Wang Ling turned his head and looked at Lord Ma aside. He seemed to be conveying something.

Lord Ma immediately understood. He immediately turned to Sun Rong and bowed respectfully and said, "Then, please, Miss Rong, follow me on the road."

"Where to go?" Sun Rong asked.

Lord Ma: "Of course it is to upgrade Aohai. The Lord has made an appointment with Senior Jin Deng. Miss Rong only needs to bring Aohai there with me. After it is upgraded to a nine-core spirit sword, Miss Rong will have it." You must be able to protect yourself. There is no need to worry about being threatened by the thought plague. Under the protection of such sword energy, it is difficult for them to invade Miss Rong."
