Chapter 501 Showdown On Top of The Crane


The moment he was killed with a headshot by WF, Lord Thunder's hands had already dropped from the keyboard.

He had never ever expected WF to pick up that person's AWM from earlier and then promptly kill him with a headshot! This was the best sniper rifle in the game and it didn't matter if you were wearing a helmet - no matter how many helmets or much armor you were wearing, one shot was all it took to kill you.

From this distance, even if Wang Ling wanted to provide reinforcement, he wouldn't make it.

Lord Thunder was overwhelmed by a sense of uncontrollable despair.

He had just wanted to show off a little in front of Wang Ling, but hadn't expected things to turn out the other way.

Lord Thunder sighed inwardly; It was so hard to play games nowadays...

But he had to admit that this WF's skills were pretty good.

"Brother Ling, you need to watch out. This person is probably aware of our location." Lord Thunder took his headphones off and spoke to Wang Ling next to him.

Wang Ling grunted quietly.

To be able to restrain Lord Thunder to this extent, provided it was without using a cheat, was ample proof that WF's level was very high. Although Lord Thunder claimed that he hadn't played this game in a very long time, during the period when frenzy over the game at been at its peak, he and Immortal Toya had burst into Huaxiu's top fifty chart while playing duo mode.

This WF thus had to be ranked in the top fifty at the very least, and he was clearly an old hand who was intimately familiar with the map.

Given the strength of his vision, Wang Ling could see tiny pixelated dots moving around on the map without needing to enhance his eyesight. But from start to finish, WF had never revealed his location; he took advantage of various blind spots and would switch covers to conceal his position.

This was enough to demonstrate how superior he was.

But Wang Ling had felt all along that this WF was probably someone close to him...

He narrowed his eyes slightly as he manipulated his character and quickly looked for another target within shooting range.

On the other side was another team driving a jeep as they slowly entered firing range...

He had just opened his scope and had yet to make a move when he promptly heard the crisp sound of a gunshot from afar.

" Bang !"

An AWM directly struck the jeep and it exploded on the spot.

System: Player "WF" has used "AWM" to kill players "Woshizhazhahui,""Woshiguitianle"...

Wang Ling: "..."

Very good...

Wang Ling was now almost certain that this WF was definitely someone close to him and was very likely out to get him...

...

Following WF's crazy slaughter, more and more doubts emerged in Daoist Guang's live stream room.

This was in fact normal; when a player's performance surpassed what regular people could understand, it was inevitable that most people would accuse him of using cheats. Previously, when Daoist Guang's live stream had just started to become popular, people had also had doubts about him. It wasn't until he had killed twenty people with a katana in one go while carrying a little brother that the doubts had noticeably decreased.

When all was said and done, even those trolls hadn't seen such an operation before, and really hadn't known how to diss it...

At that time, a super administrator from the cultivation live stream platform had specially come over to monitor Daoist Guang's live stream data and had found nothing unusual.

Back then, the steady increase in Daoist Guang's fans and the continuous support from Light Chasers had been able to some extent to disrupt the trend of people with "good intentions" painstakingly claiming that Daoist Guang was cheating.

Frankly speaking, whether he was cheating or not purely depended on whether the audience bought it or not...

For someone who played so well, unless his identity matched his strength, most of the people watching would think he was no different from those immortals who cheated.

"Lord Island, is that WF really not cheating? I just don't believe it!"

"His ID is all over the public screen now."

"Could this be some guru's side account?"

Looking at the bullet messages, Daoist Guang felt that the situation wasn't right, and he asked Father Wang, "Brother Sleep, what does that anti-cheat brother of yours say?"

"He's already checked this person out, and the data is all normal; he isn't using cheats. This anti-cheat system which my friend designed would have immediately detected aimbot and wallhack cheats," Father Wang replied with a smile.

After all, it was Little Ming who had designed the anti-cheat software.

Who was he... he was the most powerful brain in the nation!

No matter how excellent their marksmanship was, many live streamers nowadays chose to use wallhack cheats so that their games would be more entertaining to watch. This helped them to detect as many enemies as possible as well as to acquire the supplies they needed.

A wallhack cheat was the most difficult one to detect. Nowadays, live streamers with money could choose to use split screens, and viewers watching the live stream wouldn't be able to detect anything unusual at all.

Software that could detect a wallhack cheat immediately could already be considered to be very advanced.

Of course, almost no one doubted Father Wang's words.

Because previously, Wang Ming had already used this anti-cheat punishment software to bring water friends back to life with the world-shaking "Samsara of Heavenly Life"... compared with this, being able to detect a wallhack cheat was a completely ordinary operation!

At that point in time, Daoist Guang and Father Wang were crouched down in a small house outside the airfield on the edge of the safe zone. They planned to move after the next safe zone appeared, so had decided to squat here for a bit.

At that moment, Daoist Guang heard the sound of the door opening downstairs. It was so loud that all the water fans in the live stream room heard it.

They had company!

Daoist Guang and Father Wang aimed their rifles at the corridor entrance. This person would die if he dared show his head.

But his footsteps stopped at the top of the stairs.

"Don't be nervous, it's me."

Then, the water fans in the live stream room heard an unfamiliar voice.

Little Ming?

Hearing Wang Ming's voice, Father Wang let out a sigh of relief. "Lord Island, this is my friend who designed the anti-cheat software."

Daoist Guang nodded his head and lowered his rifle. "Little brother, thanks for your trouble. Do you need anything? I have everything."

"I'm fine, I'm fine."

Wang Ming smiled. "When I punished those cheaters earlier, I picked up all their equipment."

Water fans: "..."

Daoist Guang: "..."

Father Wang: "..."

Daoist Guang: "Then that brother WF really isn't a cheater?"

"Not at all, I've already checked him out. No game company or live stream platform has anti-cheat software as good as mine," said Wang Ming. "But I'm about to go face him."

"Where is this brother?" asked Daoist Guang.

"This brother moves very quickly, but I want to duel him here on the crane."

Wang Ming replied promptly, an inscrutable smile on his face. "I know he's definitely watching Lord Island's live stream, which is why I specially came over to explain the situation to Lord Island."

Daoist Guang: "Then little brother, your meaning is...?"

Wang Ming: "I hope Lord Island will come with me and broadcast our battle! Everyone, don't interfere! I just feel that this guy is too arrogant, and I'll represent everyone in venting their anger!"

A live broadcast, huh...

Wang Ling took a look at the live stream room; Wang Ming's voice hadn't surprised him at all.

But very quickly, Wang Ming added: "There's another thing, and that is that I want to take this opportunity to display my skills for my silly little brother."

Wang Ling: "..." Motherfucker...





Chapter 502 A Fight Between Immortals


As he said these words, Wang Ming knew that Wang Ling was definitely watching the live stream.

He knew Wang Ling's personality too well, and it took practically nothing to guess what Wang Ling's intentions were.

Wang Ming thought it was a rare opportunity to show off.

He couldn't compare with Wang Ling when it came to cultivation strength, but in this digital world of games, at least, Wang Ming felt that he could do anything.

Daoist Guang and Father Wang had a jeep that had been fully kitted out - they had specially prepared it in order to dash to the circle. Wang Ming now was in the driver's seat as he blared the horn and floored the gas, headed in the direction of Youtiao .

Of course, it wasn't Wang Ming who was really driving the jeep, but the "TTXS" character he had created.

So he completely wasn't worried about turning the car over, and instead performed many inhuman maneuvers in it.

"Speed up!" Wang Ming ordered TTXS, and the jeep abruptly revved to its maximum speed.

There were various types of obstacles on the edge of the airfield. Once they were in range, many people would often abandon their cars and choose to walk since there were many typical cases of cars blowing up after running into obstacles, killing the people inside.

When the jeep jumped over a boulder, a lot of the people in the bullet messages thought that the car was going to flip.

"Ahhh! The airfield's iron gates are just up ahead, can't you go around the stone block?! Crazy live streamer!"

"Damn! The car's going to flip!"

"It's definitely going to blow up..."

"That's the death rock, I've flipped my car here so many times."

"This anti-cheat brother doesn't know to drive, I bet he never got his license!"

A lot of discussion was happening in the live stream room at that moment.

In the end, a scene beyond anyone's expectations happened. When the jeep jumped over the stone block at high speeds, not only wasn't there a crash, it seemed to rise up as it blew through the iron gates up ahead like a tornado.

What the hell?! What kind of operation was this?

No one knew that this was a smart maneuver performed by Wang Ming's software character after it had done the precise calculations, and they thought that it was Wang Ming himself who had done it. In an instant, 666s were pasted all over the live stream room; even Daoist Guang and Father Wang hadn't expected it.

"Wasn't that awesome?" Wang Ming asked coolly.

"I really couldn't tell that little brother would have this sort of skill." Daoist Guang tsked.

To be honest, this was a pretty stunning performance.

With these driving skills, Wang Ming could already star in Fast and Furious 8 Plus ...

"Wow! This anti-cheat little brother's technique is too awesome!"

"Coach, teach me!"

"Coach: 'No matter how much you want to learn, I can't teach you!' This move is too difficult, I won't be able to learn it!"

Glancing at the bullet messages in the live stream room, Wang Ming couldn't help laughing. "Do you guys want to learn? I can teach you. Mm, this technique is called the Cyclone Magnum Hurricane! The four racing brothers, please understand 1 !"

1(From the manga "The Racing Brothers Let's & Go !! " which was created as a tie-in to toy company Tamiya's mini-4WD toy car franchise.) Water fans: "..."

Father Wang and Daoist Guang: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

What damn Cyclone Magnum Hurricane! Was the Spin Cobra going to suddenly catch up to him from behind then 2 ?!

2(Another car model styled as a rival in the manga series..) ...

This required meticulous and highly precise maneuvering. Wang Ming was very confident in the software he had designed. The game was just one large ball of data, and not only could the software's built-in AI system control the character precisely, it also brought out the best of the character's abilities based on what it could reasonably do given the available data.

That was to say, whatever Wang Ming's character could do was already the maximum operation possible in this game.

It was already down to the final circle, and there were less than thirty people left.

Gunfire had already stopped.

In the live stream, some cheeky water fans had given this battle a name:Showdown At the Summit of the Crane ( Youtiao ) ...

Everyone's attention was on this moment.

All the water fans participating in the match this time had already agreed that until Wang Ming and Fang Xing's great battle was over, no one was allowed to open fire.

Soon, the jeep arrived at the crane and Wang Ming got out.

"Good luck, brother," Daoist Guang said solemnly.

In the end, Father Wang chose to stay in the vehicle while Daoist Guang followed behind Wang Ming, tasked with broadcasting the fight live.

They were several body lengths apart. Because Daoist Guang controlled the view perspective in the live stream room, he could only switch angles as much as possible in order to provide the water friends in the live stream room with a clearer view.

On the other side, that mysterious WF finally revealed himself for the first time.

It was a female character with a ponytail and a baseball cap on her head. The black jacket and miniskirt which she was wearing were rare fashion items in the game; most importantly, this miniskirt was pink in color!

The miniskirt was the most valuable of all the rare fashion items, while a limited edition skirt could sell for a very high price.

Usually, a miniskirt could sell for several thousand, maybe even over ten thousand HNY.

Players could trade and obtain miniskirts online.

However, only the pink miniskirt couldn't be bought... That was because there were only three limited edition pink miniskirts on the entire server and it was forbidden to sell this item on its own!

Hence, it could only be bought linked to an account.

Previously, an account which had the pink miniskirt had sold at the super high price of three thousand immortal gold... for a lot of ordinary players, this value was already beyond what they could imagine.

A game account that could sell for three thousand immortal gold just because of a piece of clothing was jaw-dropping.

The bullet messages peppered the screen in Daoist Guang's live stream room after WF showed up in the flesh.

"What the hell?! What did I see? A pink miniskirt!"

"As expected, there's no understanding the world of the rich."

"That's not necessarily the case, the player might not have bought it. But if he had gotten it through a lottery draw, then this little brother's account must be a very old one."

For many of the players who were intimately familiar with this game, the pink miniskirt had already become a symbol of sorts... it was the symbol of a master.

To put it another way, this player WF really was something...

At that moment, Wang Ming's and Fang Xing's characters were face to face.

The tension was at its peak.

Everyone's gazes were fixed on the image from Daoist Guang's perspective.

Father Wang...

Er Ha and Wei Zhi...

Wang Ling and Lord Thunder...

Everyone was watching attentively.

As if they had already talked it over, the two people standing face to face switched out the guns in their hands for sniper rifles.

98K rifles in this fight?

Wang Ling also stared blankly at this scene.

Very quickly, everyone heard the sound of two overlapping gunshots.

Shots fired!

Wang Ming's character reacted almost the moment Fang Xing opened fire, and he swiftly ducked sideways behind an iron pillar on the crane while returning fire at the same time.

This happened almost synchronously with Fang Xing opening fire; it was a quick and smooth response which the eye couldn't keep up with at all.

But if a person had dynamic vision, they could see this scene very clearly.

Wang Ling saw Fang Xing's bullet hit the center of the iron pillar in front of Wang Ming, while Wang Ming's return fire was blocked by the frying pan which Fang Xing had instantly switched to...

"He can do even that..." Everyone was dumbfounded; the two players were shooting each other at close range, but unexpectedly no one had been hit.

But it was at that moment when everyone saw a jaw-dropping scene...

Daoist Guang also saw Wang Ming take out a frying pan!

Wang Ming's character waved it languidly!

Bang !

The bullet which Fang Xing had deflected with the frying pan... was actually sent flying back at him again!

"What the fuck!"

Daoist Guang couldn't help swearing.

What the hell!

This was a fight between immortals!





Chapter 503 Selling the Game to You for Just Ninety-Eight HNY Is a Real Loss


What was going on?!

Not everyone was at the Soul Formation stage, and Wang Ming's and Fang Xing's moves were so fast that through Daoist Guang's perspective, the audience could only just barely see two people waving the frying pans in their hands relentlessly. However, the viewers couldn't clearly make out what was happening at all.

Although it was now an era of national cultivation, to be able to find ten people at the Soul Formation stage among the close to ten million viewers in Daoist Guang's live stream room would already be considered pretty good; to track this bullet volley, one had to have the dynamic vision of the Soul Formation stage at the very least.

"You can adjust the play speed in the live stream room! Everyone, slow the image down to the lowest it can go, and if you try hard enough, you'll be able to see it clearly!"

At this water friend's tip in the live stream room, everyone started to try it out.

"You really can see it clearly! It's just that there's a bit of a lag!"

"It's not lag, it's because their movements are too quick, and Lord Island's live stream speed can't keep up at all!"

Crossing his arms in front of the computer screen, Wang Ming used voice commands to manipulate his character into executing all kinds of fancy counterattacks. "Twist Serve 1 !"

1(This and the next two techniques mentioned are from the manga and anime series "Prince of Tennis .. ") Wang Ling: "..."

Everyone then saw Wang Ming's character wave the frying pan and hit the bullet to the ground.

The bullet landed at a strange angle and spun continuously before bouncing up!

This had all happened in a flash; the bullet's trajectory speed got even faster and it instantly flew at the face of Fang Xing's character.

A little bit more and it would have been a headshot!

But Fang Xing was also very quick to react, and he swiftly brandished the frying pan to deflect the bullet from his face and send it back.

When they saw this maneuver, it wasn't just the water friends in the live stream room but also Daoist Guang and his company who couldn't help trembling with stupefied expressions.

Father Wang: "What the hell! What kind of operation is that?"

Lord Thunder: "My god! The Swallow Counter?"

On the other side, Fang Xing had only just sent the bullet back, but Wang Ming had already manipulated his character into putting on a show yet again.

Lord Thunder: "What the fuck?! Bear... Bear Drop?!"

This time, even Er Ha and Wei Zhi couldn't help crying out in unison, "Damn! Bear Drop?!"

These were advanced skills that were included in the new release of Guide to Glory - New Edition written by the legendary Great God Ye based on games that were currently popular. Furthermore, all these skills were from the 'Frying Pan Special Collection' in the new book edition, which covered all kinds of skills that involved frying pans.

But there were very few people who could truly master these skills...

...

The two individuals facing each other as they used their frying pans to volley the bullet between them were enjoying themselves.

Wang Ming rewrote his software to include a private voice interface; only Fang Xing would be able to hear whatever Wang Ming said through this interface.

Steepling his fingers together as he sat in front of the screen, Wang Ming said with a faint, inscrutable smile, "Give up, Student Fang... You can't beat me in this world."

"Oh~ so it's Brother Ming," Fang Xing said brightly as if he was suddenly enlightened.

He noticed that he had already entered a private voice channel.

"You already knew it was me." Wang Ming smiled.

Wang Ming didn't think it was strange at all that Fang Xing knew who he was. In fact, Wang Ming had secretly investigated him and knew the other party's real identity.

Due to Fang Xing inheriting Immortal She Pi's tremendous power as a child, he had been sent to a national secret orphanage after he had been born. The orphanage had been established by the Magnificent Immortal Special Army Brigade and housed all kinds of gifted children from all over the nation. Often, if young children who had inherited enormous power didn't receive proper guidance, they would very likely stray off the right path as they grew up.

Of course, Wang Ling was a special case. That was because Father Wang and Mother Wang had firmly believed that they could teach Wang Ling well, and as reality proved, they had indeed achieved this.

Wang Ming was naturally one of those gifted, but because he hadn't been able to cultivate since young, he remembered how his parents had thus assumed he was a regular kid and had brought him up accordingly. They didn't sense anything unusual about him except for the fact that he starting talking at an especially early age.

As for how he came to the attention of Huaxiu Cultivation Academy of Science... that was purely because he had recommended himself.

Wang Ming recalled that he had been four when he had snuck out of bed while his parents had been asleep to use the computer. He had hacked into the national information database and found the email of the president of the academy, and had then sent him a thesis he had written on magic treasures.

Wang Ming heard that when President Qi had read the thesis back then, it had become smeared with his excited tears...

Thus, strictly speaking, Fang Xing was connected to Magnificent Immortal. When he was seven years old, he underwent their personality assessment test before Magnificent Immortal helped him find a couple who were looking to adopt. It was actually the Fang couple who adopted him back then who had given him the name Fang Xing.

In the orphanage, he hadn't had a name, only a number.

It had been: 36...

Wang Ming had discovered some of this information himself, while Zhai Yin had provided him the rest.

Given Magnificent Immortal's status, the majority of the information which Zhai Yin supplied was much more reliable than what most people gathered through hearsay.

"It looks like Brother Ming knows quite a lot," Fang Xing replied as he waved the frying pan and returned fire.

"Of course I would notice when my little brother's being spied on every day. Student Fang Xing, absence makes the heart grow fonder - isn't it improper to follow him even into a game to play?"

"Brother Ming, the same goes for you. Didn't you also follow him here?"

Wang Ming grit his teeth. "It was a coincidence for me!"

At that moment, they had already hit the same bullet back and forth a dozen or so times.

It was during Wang Ming's next counterattack that Fang Xing suddenly noticed that the bullet's attack trajectory had changed slightly.

When he brandished the frying pan, the bullet actually evaded his block at a peculiar angle, like a lightning arch.

At the moment, Fang Xing had already sensed the unfavorable turn in events. "Brother Ming is really incredible, thank you for the experience!"

This time, Wang Ming's bullet successfully struck Fang Xing in the head.

Fang Xing was instantly killed!

The jaws of the stunned water friends in the live stream room all dropped; they felt that Wang Ming's abrupt switch in tactics seemed a little familiar...

Lord Thunder's expression changed at the sight of this scene. "The hell?! This is..."

Seeing that he had killed Fang Xing, Wang Ming smiled as he felt fulfilled.

It was a good thing he was resourceful!

He had edited the software with data on the national ping pong play style!

On the side, Daoist Guang gaped at Wang Ming. "Little Brother, is this... a ping pong play style?"

Wang Ming nodded his head. "That's right! To be precise, it's the national ping pong play style! As soon as I use this, how can you hope to trade bullets with me?"

Everyone drew in sharp breaths at this scene.

"..."

Even Wang Ling's lips couldn't help twitching as he watched.

Selling the game to you for just ninety-eight HNY is a real loss for the game company!





Chapter 504 Wang Ming Who Was Only Cool for Three Seconds


Wang Ming wasn't the slightest bit surprised at this result. He indeed didn't have any talent for cultivation, but he didn't think he would lose when it came to anything digital like games.

Daoist Guang's live stream room was already full to bursting!

Because of Wang Ming's and Fang Xing's godly operations, the link to the live stream room had been shared like crazy. As a result, audience numbers in Daoist Guang's live stream room had very quickly broken the critical ten million mark and was surging ahead toward eleven million.

In the study, Father Wang and Lie Mengmeng were gaping wide enough to put eggs in their mouths.

Father Wang could already foresee that after Daoist Guang's match was over today, the video of Wang Ming and Fang Xing's battle would go viral thanks to the water friends.

Secretly taking a deep breath, Father Wang forced himself to calm down and decided to send Wang Ming a voice message. "Little Ming, is this really alright..."

Father Wang felt that Wang Ming might have gone a little too far this time - while Wang Ling had to hide his true strength, Wang Ming at the same time had to hide this true identity... In some sense, these two brothers were actually quite similar.

Although Wang Ming had used this character TTXS, it was very easy now to hunt people down on the Internet. If some meddlesome online friend really did expose Wang Ming's identity, it would be a huge problem!

"Uncle, don't worry, it's alright."

Wang Ming sent a blithe voice message.

Father Wang: "Aren't you afraid you'll be hunted down on the Internet?"

"Hunting me down? Uncle, you're really thinking too much!" Wang Ming laughed.

Hunt him down? How could it be that easy!

He had indeed been a little high-profile today after using the computer in the lab for a bit of fun to hack the game company's server twice as well as personally eliminate Fang Xing.

But Wang Ming was confident that he hadn't left any holes behind.

If the game company's technical team would never realize he had ever been inside at all, then the idea of those online users wanting to hunt him down was complete nonsense.

It was Old Qi who had helped register a whole bunch of fake identities for him. When Wang Ming had delivered the talisman to Wang Ling back then, there had still been a misunderstanding with the police and he had been taken in. In the end, after investigating for a long time, the only information the police had on him was "Wang Xiaoer" this fake identity.

"You should always hold back a little. Once today's video gets out, you'll definitely draw attention," said Father Wang.

"It's fine, it's fine; I'll erase the video and ensure no one sees it! And don't worry about the game company coming after me to pay them back. Don't I still have Old Qi here? Worst comes to the worst, I'll just have him call the game company later and act cute with them!"

"... Cough !" President Qi almost sprayed a mouthful of coffee on Wang Ming's screen when he heard this as he promptly choked!

When all was said and done, he was also one of the Ten Founding Generals of Huaxiu nation!

He was on par with Yi Jianchuan, Jiang Lei and Sun Dakang... How high was his status?

Acting cute with others - what kind of operation was that?!

"It's not very nice to always bother President Qi." Father Wang of course knew what kind of person this Old Qi whom Wang Ming referred to was - after all, Old Qi's top superior was Father Wang's fan, so it wasn't like Father Wang didn't know anything about this matter.

"It's fine, uncle! I'm the Deepwater Wolf 1 and Old Qi is the Apostate Wolf 2 ! We've been like a granddad and grandson duo all these years, perfectly concealing my true identity!" Wang Ming laughed.

1(From the Chinese boardgame "Werewolf," and refers to the werewolf who is good at hiding and surviving to the end.)

2(The werewolf who wins the trust of the villagers and the prophets, though in the game it's by selling out other werewolves ..) Father Wang: "..."

President Qi: "..."

Old Qi felt that he had spoilt Wang Ming a bit too much over the years. Although they had a superior and subordinate relationship, he had never assumed the manner of a superior to order Wang Ming to do anything.

For one thing, Wang Ming was indeed efficient and very reliable.

For another, he had come here when he had still been very young.

Old Qi had discovered Wang Ming when the latter was four and had groomed him in secret for three years before bringing him back directly to the research institute.

After all these years, Old Qi had already long regarded him as his own grandson.

But Old Qi realized that in the last few years, it seemed that the number of times he had had to clean up Wang Ming's mess had increased, almost at a skyrocket rate.

Seeing how absorbed Wang Ming and Father Wang were in their chat, President Qi looked at the time and couldn't help giving a reminder. "Little Ming, Zhai Yin will be back soon..."

"It's fine! I'm quitting now, but I have time for one solo round!" Wang Ming waved his hand.

"But..."

"No buts! She's just a woman, us men need to be resolute and strong-willed!" Wang Ming replied without turning his head around.

As soon as he said this, Wang Ming suddenly felt a slender hand press down on his shoulder with an extremely cold and gloomy air...

Wang Ming: "..."

From the sensation on his shoulder... it definitely wasn't President Qi's hand!

"Play, ing, games?"

Zhai Yin's gaze was fixed on Wang Ming's back, her unreadable expression making Wang Ming tremble...

Holding the coffee cup, Old Qi couldn't help sighing before he stood up and pat Wang Ming's shoulder as he bit back a smile. "Not only am I the Apostate Wolf, I'm also a prophet!"

Wang Ming: "..."

...

On the other side, the game was still ongoing.

After Wang Ming had had his character TTXX dispose of Fang Xing, the water friends in the live stream room soon noticed that this anti-cheat little brother's character was starting to twitch abnormally.

"Was he disconnected?" Daoist Guang was startled.

Father Wang dropped his forehead in his hand. "No... he's being punished..."

Daoist Guang: "..."

Even though Wang Ling didn't know exactly what had happened to Wang Ming, he was certain that Zhai Yin was involved...

Daoist Guang got back into the jeep and the water friends match resumed. It was already down to the last circle.

Because Wang Ming had disconnected and Fang Xing had been killed, there were twenty-eight players left.

Wang Ling was still on the roof of that small building.

The circle was very small now and Wang Ling predicted that a melee would undoubtedly happen next.

But from beginning to end, Wang Ling had yet to see Er Ha and Wei Zhi.

Given Er Ha's personality, he felt that this thing might be lying low somewhere.

The circle on the map was already very small with the sound of gunshots mixed into the scene as the number of people continued to fall but at a very slow rate.

In the final leg in the safe zone, a lot of people wouldn't act as recklessly as before and would start to become especially cautious.

At this time, Wang Ling suddenly heard the subtle sound of a door opening!

Someone had gone around to come in from behind!

He instantly raised his guard.

At the same time, still on the roof, he heard this team's conversation.

"Brother Dog, it looks like this house has already been looted. There might be people inside!"

"Mm, be careful." Er Ha nodded.

"By the way, Brother Dog... how long are you going to play today before you go home?"

"At most just one more round."

"So soon?"

In front of the screen, Er Ha shook out its green fur. "I don't know why, but as soon as I stepped into this house, I feel like my master's staring at me!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 505 Wang Ling Has Already Seen Through Everything


Keeping silent on the rooftop, Wang Ling quietly listened to Wei Zhi and Er Ha's conversation.

The man and the dog vigilantly searched every room in this house; it was a round, small-scale military factory with a lot of machinery and equipment. A lot of LYBs 1 would typically be lying in wait in a place like this.

1(Reminder an acronym for 老阴通,which refers to players who camp out in a particular position and patiently wait for kills ..) In the end, this was a shooting survival game. If you could survive until the end, there was nothing to be ashamed of even if you won without killing anyone. Thus, in this game, top and regular players had their own play styles.

Top players staked everything on their marksmanship, while regular players relied on their wits; principles or whatnot didn't exist in this game.

Because the building Wang Ling was currently in was in the center of the safe zone, Er Ha and Wei Zhi were especially careful as they searched the house. It had obviously already been looted by other people, and as long as there was no one else hiding here, it would definitely be the most advantageous position in the current safe zone.

The only place to shoot at this building from was the crane, but it was already outside of range after the circle's contraction, so this unpredictable factor could basically be eliminated.

Wei Zhi and Er Ha's characters moved with their backs against each other as they finished searching the first and second floor; now only the third floor and the roof were left.

"Brother Dog, are you really going to leave in a bit?" Wei Zhi really felt that it hadn't been long enough.

Two game rounds, even if they were quality rounds 2 , at the most only took one and a half hours, which actually wasn't enough time to enjoy playing to the fullest.

2(A quality round is one in which you and your squad dominate the game..) "Brother Dog, how about... I talk directly to your master?" At that moment, Wei Zhi suggested that Er Ha come clean; it was better to talk the situation over.

As a professional pet trainer, there were a lot of times when the relationship between a pet trainer and a spirit beast wasn't like that between an owner and a pet. To Wei Zhi, an outstanding pet trainer should treat the spirit beast they had formed a contract with as a friend. This could only be beneficial in the long run, and was also a technique for enhancing rapport.

A lot of times, a spirit beast's personality would indirectly reflect its master's personality.

Looking at Er Ha's personality, Wei Zhi felt that its master should be a relatively open-minded and outgoing person.

Actually, these bright words seemed incompatible with Wang Ling, but there was actually nothing wrong with what Wei Zhi had said — although Wang Ling didn't open his mouth to speak, he at least had an active mind!

"No no no, it's still better for me to go back..." Er Ha still felt a little fear; for some reason, as he moved his character from the first floor to the second floor, and then to the third floor, the feeling that it was being stared at by little Master Ling became stronger, as if he was gazing at Loopy Side on the side and listening to it speak!

"Alright then." Wei Zhi flattened his lips and didn't insist. Originally, he hadn't intended to play games today, but he had been swept up by Er Ha's momentum and in the end, his interest had been roused. Now that Er Ha had suddenly said it would be leaving shortly, he was disappointed.

Wei Zhi realized that he really did like Er Ha!

Although he was now already under immense pressure from insufficient spirit beast rations, even moonlighting as a spellmaster for spirit beasts, after his encounters with Er Ha, Wei Zhi still desired in his heart to raise a dog!

Seeing Wei Zhi's taciturn expression next to it, Er Ha suddenly said, "Worst comes to worst, we can look for an opportunity to connect online again. I bought a computer."

Wei Zhi was stunned. "How did you get the money..."

Er Ha: "It was a business transaction with a compatriot."

Wei Zhi: "..."

Wang Ling was startled at this reply. But very quickly he thought of a possibility; he felt that Er Ha's source of income was most likely Xiao Yin. He remembered a chat with Lord Thunder when the other man had brought up the issue of Xiao Yin's living situation. That was because Xiao Yin ate a lot every day and always ordered take-out in bulk - Lord Thunder had thus directly transferred one million into Xiao Yin's card.

So Xiao Yin did have money, but as for why he and Er Ha had made a business deal, that was something Wang Ling needed to verify later.

Wang Ling had in fact come up with a lot of possibilities, and had felt that this was the most logical one since he knew that Xiao Yin and Er Ha had added each other as friends; when they had done so, Er Ha had even teased Xiao Yin a bit by showing off its leg.

Huaxiu nation's mobile pay system was currently the most developed in the world and it was very convenient to transfer money online; it also amply accounted for why Er Ha had so much money.

Curious, Wei Zhi asked intently, "Then did you also spend money on that martial art?"

"Of course not, sale of this art is forbidden. A friend of mine gave it to me." Er Ha shook its head; the spirit techniques and spells that Xiao Yin had given to it were already out of print and couldn't be purchased anywhere.

That Basic Dog Skills volume in particular, which was probably the spirit technique which the holy Dog clan had been famous for back then, was something which Dog Saint had personally researched and which was very suitable for dogs to learn!

The third floor of the military factory was very wide, and the two of them chatted as they searched the rooms, completely unaware that Wang Ling was eavesdropping from the rooftop.

"So you've learned them all?" asked Wei Zhi again.

"No... I'm still studying them."

Er Ha gave a sigh. "How can it be so easy?"

"Were you triggered after coming back from that Demon Hunters Association town the last time? I don't remember you cultivating any spirit techniques before."

Er Ha: "..."

Speaking on this topic, Er Ha was suddenly struck with sorrow.

It wasn't that it didn't know spirit techniques! It was that it couldn't use them! All the arts and spirit techniques of the Tuntian Ha clan were currently stored in its brain, but none of them were suitable for Er Ha apart from the Space Swallowing Spell and Tongue Technique.

Er Ha felt it was like switching from a magician to a warrior halfway through a game, when you couldn't use all your equipment and skills anymore.

Every spirit beast had its own traits, and there was no such thing as a close-combat warrior magician in the spirit beast circle.

"I've been fully concentrated on cultivating this art, but for my own protection, I still need to learn two moves."

Er Ha groaned before saying, "I'm learning all this for the sake of my tribe!"

It sounded like a joke and Wei Zhi didn't think too much about it, but it made Wang Ling think of something.

For the tribe?

Wang Ling suddenly thought he understood.

He thought of the first edition blueprint of the Gate Between Worlds which Daoist Guang had given to Er Ha, and coupled with its unusual behavior...

Wang Ling was now certain that whatever Er Ha was hiding, it most likely had to do with the Gate Between Worlds, or more precisely, it was something important that had to do with the Toad clan inside the Gate.

At this thought, Wang Ling directly exited the game.

"Brother Ling, you quit playing?" Lord Thunder was stupefied.

"Mm." Wang Ling nodded his head.

He had more or less guessed the ins and outs of the matter, so there was no need for him to continue playing, since his initial aim had been to pick out what Er Ha was hiding from him.

He sat in his chair and cupped his chin in contemplation for a while as he sorted out what he had just learned.

After about five minutes...

Lord Thunder suddenly noticed something strange.

Lord Thunder: "Huh? Brother Ling, it doesn't look like your character logged off..."

Wang Ling: "???"

Lord Thunder hadn't exited the game, and he switched his view to Wang Ling's character, whose body was unexpectedly halfway stuck in a nook.

He guessed that this was a bug created as a result of Wang Ling directly exiting the game.

If this was the case, no one would be able to discover Wang Ling at all!

"Holy shit, Brother Ling, we're going to eat chicken!"

Lord Thunder was stunned... even this was freaking possible?!





Chapter 506 Mr Lu's Wonderful Use


Wang Ling seldom played games, because for him... they were really boring.

However, this game was different, and Wang Ling felt like he had discovered the fun and value of games.

At the very least, it was a bridge of communication with his family's Er Ha.

Because of Er Ha's unusual identity, Wang Ling was actually usually very careful not to ask it too many questions about its previous life as a demon king; he was afraid it would agitate his Er Ha and have an irreversible impact on its spirit.

In fact, after careful analysis, Wang Ling thought that Er Ha's experience before becoming a dog was really a heavy psychological shadow over it.

First of all...

When Er Ha had still been a demon king back then, the other demon kings had pushed it out of the Gate Between Worlds, and after landing, it hadn't looked cool for even three seconds before it had died with a single punch from ten-year-old Wang Ling.

Second was the school placement test at the start of the semester.

Er Ha's primordial spirit had been inserted into the school's testing system for students to hit like a sandbag as a ranking assessment. In the end, it encountered Wang Ling once again. Wang Ling remembered that Er Ha had been so scared back then that it had directly fallen flat on the spot, four feet pointed up at the sky and eyes rolled back...

The third and final time.

Everyone had used ghost-summoning talismans during Teacher Pan's Dao talismans lesson. After racking its brain at that time, Er Ha had abandoned most of its primordial spirit to break away and flee the school. In the end, before it could even leave the school's main entrance, Wang Ling had summoned it to the classroom.

And then, there was no "and then"...

Er Ha completely turned into a dog.

Two encounters one after another that could be considered childhood trauma - what kind of experience was that... Wang Ling felt that only Er Ha itself would understand.

Wang Ling didn't ask Er Ha about its previous life, but that didn't mean that he didn't care.

After all, this was his family's Er Ha who had already been acknowledged by everyone as part of the family. As its owner, Wang Ling could never ignore it.

From what Wang Ling could now sense, Er Ha's worry clearly had something to do with its tribe in the Gate Between Worlds, and something big was probably about to happen. As for why Er Ha hadn't consulted him directly, Wang Ling also had his own conjecture.

This was because of Er Ha's stubbornness as a demon king before it had become a dog.

Part of it also was its resolve to bid its past farewell for good.

So this guy actually wanted to personally end everything...

Wang Ling was also taken aback!

Where on earth did Er Ha get its courage from? Liang Jingru 1 ?!

1(A Chinese singer who sang a song entitled "Courage..") Given Er Ha's current overall battle strength, Wang Ling felt that Er Ha would just be courting death if it entered the Gate Between Worlds now.

Wang Ling communicated his conclusions to Lord Thunder telepathically.

Lord Thunder was also shaken. "Brother Ling, you think Brother Dog's abnormal behavior recently is related to the Tuntian Ha clan in the Gate Between Worlds?" While it was a completely unexpected reply, Lord Thunder did think it was completely logical.

After thinking back on it for a bit, he felt more and more that Wang Ling's answer was very sound. "Brother Dog has not yet completely cut off ties to its previous life; indeed, it's possible that this has to do with its original clan inside the Gate Between Worlds."

At this point, Lord Thunder looked at Mr Lu, who was sitting upright on the floor in an obedient manner.

After the effect of Xiao Yin's phlegm on serious injuries had worn off, the Spell of Creation and Rebirth had already taken effect. Mr Lu's wound was already completely healed, and his skin was just stained with a little blood.

As expected, the Tree clan's ability to recover was terrifying!

Lord Thunder couldn't help sighing in his heart. Luckily they had Xiao Yin's thick phlegm, otherwise it would have been pretty difficult to deal with Mr Lu; unless it was something like Wang Ling's single crippling and explosive strike, even other True Immortal experts might not be able to kill Mr Lu.

"How much do you know about the Gate Between Worlds, Mr Lu?" Lord Thunder asked.

Mr Lu was originally a tree demon that had been born in the Gate Between Worlds. While he was now lurking and "working" in the human world, he had to have some way of keeping in touch with the Tree clan in the Gate Between Worlds.

Mr Lu thought for a moment before he nodded and answered, "I have a magic artifact which indeed allows me to contact my clansmen." Since things had come to this point and he had already decided to switch sides, he no longer hid anything. He did indeed have a way of contacting his tribe inside the Gate Between Worlds, but he could only connect with some of the elders in the main Tree clan.

"Then is it possible for you to ask them about the Tuntian Ha clan's situation?"

"They'll have to ask around. The demon race actually isn't as united as humans think. Every clan fights and plots against each other as they fight over territory and resources; they're constantly using all kinds of reasons as excuses to start wars..." said Mr Lu with a sigh.

If the demon world really was peaceful, he wouldn't need to risk coming to the human world to "work," and he wouldn't have been swindled into accepting a fake spirit sword.

This was truly a great humiliation...

Actually, what Mr Lu said were things that Lord Thunder had heard from dissident groups, but which he had yet to verify.

The demon world wasn't at peace.

In fact, someone had anonymously divulged this issue on the cultivation forum previously, but Lord Thunder had always been skeptical about this information. Listening to Mr Lu now, however, Lord Thunder suddenly recalled the numerous hot news items which that informant had disclosed. One of the top ones had apparently mentioned that a large-scale battle was on the verge of breaking out between two major clans in the demon world.

"We'll still have to trouble Mr Lu to make inquiries into this matter." Lord Thunder looked at Mr Lu as he spoke, his chin in his hand.

Mr Lu nodded. "Alright."

"I've already discussed it with Brother Ling; from now on, Mr Lu, you'll come with me. We won't send you to the police for the time being; before that, you have to atone for your crimes. Do you have any objections?"

"No..."

Mr Lu lowered his head. Out of the corner of his eye, he kept sneaking glances at Wang Ling. As Lord Thunder spoke, Mr Lu saw how Wang Ling fiddled with the mousepad under his hand as he seemed lost in thought, which made Mr Lu tremble all over despite himself.

He had almost died on the spot earlier from a casual blow from a mousepad.

He didn't want to be hit again...

"Previously I took in a housekeeper with the surname Song, full name Song Qingshu. He's helping me manage some other estates right now. You just need to follow him around; he'll take you ahead a bit at a time on your journey of atonement." Saying this, Lord Thunder laughed. "Actually, you won't be doing anything difficult; Mr Lu should be very good at it!"

"...Exactly what kind of job is it?"

Mr Lu was still feeling a little anxious.

Lord Thunder: "Recently, the state invested huge amounts of charity contributions into setting up a lot of relief centers and orphanages in remote areas, but because they're all newly built, the smell is too overpowering. As it happens, Mr Lu can help to get rid of the smell of formaldehyde or something!"

Mr Lu: "..."





Chapter 507 With All Due Respect...


Wang Ling sent a text message that afternoon, and Zhuo Yi quickly drove from his office directly to Lord Thunder's place. Since the incident with the Demon Hunters Association had yet to be fully resolved, Zhuo Yi, who was the chief commander of this operation, even had to sacrifice his weekend and remain at the office.

The entire affair was in fact completely over; the last thing missing was the capture of the legendary President Bai, and the net had already closed as far as it could go all over the country.

A large police force had been mobilized this time; not only was this a show of strength in the face of the illegal trafficking of spirit beasts, it was also a reflection of the country's vow to uphold its promises.

After the holy beasts had been wantonly massacred by human cultivators back then due to lies and slander, laws against the mistreatment and murder of spirit beasts had always existed, but the punishments imposed clearly weren't severe enough.

In recent years in particular, quite a number of spirit beasts had become in critical danger of becoming extinct, and there was a real need to draw people's attention to this problem.

So this time, when Zhuo Yi received the message from Wang Ling saying that he had a lead on that President Bai of the Demon Hunters Association, he abruptly jumped out of his chair! As for the General Administration of 100 Schools, when Zhuo Yi wasn't in the office, the deputy director Zhong Lang was still around, so there was nothing to worry about at all.

On the road, Zhuo Yi was both nervous and excited; nervous because he didn't know if he could finally catch that President Bai, and excited because he could see his shifu again!

Although Zhuo Yi felt that he hadn't really learned anything substantial while he was with Wang Ling, and was forever just being a scapegoat... he was actually enjoying himself; to become shifu's scapegoat was an honor!

Moreover, he deeply felt like this was a test of his intelligence; he didn't think that Wang Ling had truly acknowledged him yet. You had to know that in the fairy tale, when the tiger treated the cat as its teacher, it wasn't like the cat would teach it to climb trees! Zhuo Yi didn't think he was a tiger, and he probably would never reach his shifu's level in this lifetime, but he still felt that he at least learned something!

For example, he was becoming better and better at being a scapegoat!

And most importantly, Zhuo Yi felt that he was becoming more and more slick and sly at handling things! This was all thanks to his shifu's intangible and earnest guidance.

Learning was a gradual process and the future stretched ahead of him, so Zhuo Yi wasn't anxious at all.

By the time he arrived at Lord Thunder's place, it hadn't actually been very long, just about half an hour or so.

On the way over, Zhuo Yi had roughly asked Lord Thunder about the situation, and had learned about that forest fairy "Mr Lu."

At the villa, Xiao Yin jumped up to open the door.

Zhuo Yi had heard about Xiao Yin in detail from his shifu Wang Ling previously, and it was in fact Zhuo Yi who had even engineered to secretly transport Xiao Yin from Winter city to Songhai city at the time. But he had only ever seen Xiao Yin's beast form, and it was his first time seeing the latter's human form.

So when they met this time, Zhuo Yi was slightly dazed.

He thought that as possibly the last living holy beast in the world today, Xiao Yin was far more lively and cheerful than he had imagined.

And his human appearance was really a little too beautiful with a fair face and long silver hair, barefooted and dressed casually... In Zhuo Yi's view, he had a lot of potential to become a big shot in women's clothing!

" Shifu Zhuo! Master has been waiting for you!"

Xiao Yin greeted Zhuo Yi and led him inside.

He had a lot of respect for Zhuo Yi, who had helped him out a lot when he had sent Xiao Yin to Songhai city back then. Xiao Yin had seen how busy Zhuo Yi had been the whole time as he made the preparations. And most importantly, Zhuo Yi was the personal inheriting disciple officially approved by Master!

So Xiao Yin thought it made utterly perfect sense to call Zhuo Yi ShifuZhuo.

Xiao Yin took Zhuo Yi to the hole he had punched open earlier, and the latter drew in a sharp breath when he saw it.

What the hell... what was this?

Xiao Yin waved in invitation. " Shifu Zhuo, please come in. This is the green channel!"

Zhuo Yi: "..." What damn green channel!

...

After Zhuo Yi arrived and everyone was in place, Mr Lu began to confess what he knew about President Bai as well as whatever secrets he himself was aware of.

"First of all, Mr Lu, with regard to what you said earlier about wanting to divulge information on President Bai of the Demon Hunters Association, is there anything else you want to tell us?" Zhuo Yi was in charge of asking questions while Lord Thunder took down notes on the side in a small notebook.

Because he was constantly out "courting death," Great Death-Courting Senior Lord Thunder was fairly experienced in criminal investigation, which he had learned from his friends at the police station. He actually had quite a number of friends at the police station, and Lord Thunder realized that his relationship with them had deepened a fair bit thanks to Xiao Yin.

Furthermore, he discovered that Xiao Yin had a somewhat toxic trait: whenever he went out, he would definitely wind up being carted off to the police station...

"Mm! I want to make a report, I want to expose him! I'll tell you everything I know about the countless crimes President Bai has committed!"

Sitting obediently on the floor, Mr Lu gave a full account: "This President Bai's full name is Bai Zhe. Let me start with how strong President Bai is; this man is extremely powerful. From my contact with him, President Bai's overall combat strength is around True Immortal level. And the most crucial thing is the self-healing system art he created himself, which can be considered monstrous. Furthermore, it seems that his physique is a little unique."

"Self-healing system art?" Lord Thunder was blank.

"Yes, I've seen it with my own eyes!" Mr Lu nodded. "Our Tree clan's ability to heal can already be considered heaven-defying, but Bai Zhe's ability is several hundred times stronger; no matter how big a wound is, it will heal completely in a blink of an eye."

"Can you elaborate on what his physique is like?" Zhuo Yi then asked.

"Bai Zhe's physique is a little unusual, but I don't know much about it as I've really never seen it... I've never heard of a human with an ability to heal which far surpasses the Tree clan's. And most importantly, even if Brother Xiao Yin could use the inhibitive effect which he has on serious injuries, it might not make a difference to this person's self-healing ability."

Mr Lu sighed and said, "All these years, Bai Zhe has had nothing to fear given his self-healing ability and his strong defense. Additionally, that black magic umbrella he carries with him can instantly create barriers and set up a space to help him escape danger. He comes and goes like a ghost as if no one was ever there..."

A human cultivator with a self-healing ability which surpassed that of the Tree clan?

Listening to all this on the side, Wang Ling was a little interested, but completely unruffled.

To be honest, he didn't think President Bai was any kind of threat to him.

It was clear that Lord Thunder and Zhuo Yi also had the same thought, and their expressions were really too calm. When Mr Lu finished painting this picture with his words, he had initially thought that the people present would be a little amazed at least...

At that point, Xiao Yin suddenly turned to look at Mr Lu and ask very emphatically, "I'm very sorry, I have a question I want to ask Mr Lu..."

Mr Lu: "Say it, please..."

Xiao Yin: "If we use a mousepad as the unit of measure, may I ask, with all due respect... how many mousepads would Master need to throw to kill this President Bai, Bai Zhe?"

Mr Lu: "..."





Chapter 508 The Wu What Umbrella?!


From what Mr Lu currently knew of President Bai, the latter was someone with a strong self-healing ability; furthermore, he had created his own self-healing techniques.

To be honest, even Wang Ling was a little amazed by this.

After all, Wang Ling felt that apart from him, there shouldn't be anyone else, whether in the human or demon world, who could match the Tree clan in terms of self-healing ability. And most importantly, Wang Ling felt that there was no person that existed who could hurt him, so in reality, he had never had the chance to use his regenerative ability up until now.

His primordial qi had a powerful self-healing attribute to begin with; even a slight break in his skin would be healed at the speed of light.

Now a person with a strong self-healing ability had suddenly appeared; Wang Ling felt that in some sense, this man was also a prodigy!

In prison right now, there was the old devil who was a mage; Cheng Yu, the Master of Immortal Mansion, who was an archer; and Evil Sword God, who was a melee expert. There was also Jiang Liuyue, the Master of Shadow Stream, who was in solitary confinement. Although she wasn't as strong as the others, she was in any case an assassin. If they could catch this President Bai and put this "wet nurse" in prison, the team battle lineup would be complete!

Wang Ling sighed deeply in his heart and in truth felt a little tired.

It seemed that in half a semester, he had already sent quite a number of people to prison, and furthermore, they were all big shots. But the point was that even then, his life still wasn't peaceful.

At that moment, Wang Ling had the fanciful idea that if things continued to develop at this rate, Songhai First Prison might be packed by the time he graduated high school.

Now it was just a team battle lineup... by the time he graduated, there might be enough of them to make up an army.

This President Bai was a little awesome!

But...

There's no way he can defeat shifu!

But...

There's no way he can defeat Wang Ling!

After listening to Mr Lu's account, Zhuo Yi and Lord Thunder pondered in their hearts, and almost as if they had come to an agreement after discussing it together, they had the same thought in perfect unison.

Zhuo Yi was in charge of asking the questions and Lord Thunder was recording everything down; this was Mr Lu's first testimony as an informant, and would be important reference for reducing his sentence in the future. All these years, Mr Lu had committed many wrongs under orders from President Bai. It could be said that he had secretly aided and abetted President Bai in the illegal trafficking of spirit beasts, so he was bound to be punished.

Although Lord Thunder had arranged for Mr Lu to later follow Song Qingshu to atone for his sins by becoming an "air purifier" to eliminate formaldehyde for a period of time...

A crime was a crime!

There was no way for him to escape punishment.

The only thing possible was to give him a lighter sentence.

According to the latest "Laws Against the Mistreatment and Murder of Spirit Beasts," even a light sentence carried a minimum prison term of five years, and exoneration was almost impossible. Of course, if Mr Lu hadn't voluntarily confessed his crimes and become a witness, he could have been sentenced as an accomplice of President Bai's and directly locked up for two hundred years.

Five years was neither short nor long, but for a member of a long-lived Tree clan like Mr Lu, it would probably go by in a flash.

And if Mr Lu was sent to prison, who knew, his sentence could be commuted if he did an excellent job of purifying the prison air...

Zhuo Yi stared at what Lord Thunder had written down. The latter had recorded down everything Mr Lu had said without leaving even one character out. It was Zhuo Yi's first time seeing Lord Thunder's handwriting, and given the other man's lively and trippy nature, this handwriting was a little too beautiful.

There was a saying that a person's handwriting reflected their character. But Lord Thunder's writing didn't give people a sense of bubbliness at all. Each character was beautiful, neat and dignified, as if they were printed, and for one brief moment, Zhuo Yi was a little dazed.

Gazing at the notes, he suddenly noticed a key point that had been written down, and he promptly looked up at Mr Lu. "Mr Lu, can you tell me where this black magic umbrella came from?"

Hearing this question, Wang Ling and Lord Thunder's expressions also hardened a little.

The nation had always imposed strict controls on spatial magic treasures. Currently, most of the spatial magic treasures sold in the magic treasures trade market were for storage use, and it was impossible that any of them were powerful enough to instantly create a barrier and teleport people. But from what Mr Lu had said, this black magic umbrella clearly had an unusual origin.

Given its space teleportation and barrier abilities, its grade would surpass even that of the Purple Gold Gourd which Immortal Zhenyuan had developed back then.

After some thought, Immortal Zhenyuan said, "Although all I did was hold the umbrella for Bai Zhe, I did once privately sense the power that flowed out of it. It is at the very least a first-class holy weapon; furthermore, there's a real possibility that it could be a quasi-divine weapon... It has a very unusual origin."

Quasi-divine weapon?

Everyone present was slightly dazed.

The circulation of divine weapons was absolutely prohibited as their existence was on par with national treasures. One or two divine weapons in a country's possession were already strong deterrents, and the country would even have a strong voice on an international stage. However, divine weapons couldn't be manufactured, and instead were unique products born of nature.

At present, the highest level of magic weapons that human cultivators could create, with power equal to that of divine weapons, were only world-defying magic weapons.

Quasi-divine weapons, which were a level below divine weapons, couldn't be manufactured either, and they weren't as powerful as divine weapons.

But even if they were inferior to true divine weapons, they were still a lot more powerful than first-class holy weapons!

Lord Thunder cupped his chin in his hand as he pondered.

He was someone who knew all the ranked magic weapons that were on file. If this small black umbrella was really a first-class holy weapon or close to being a quasi-divine weapon, there was no way that it wouldn't be recorded on an international list somewhere.

"How bold is this man to actually dare use this type of strictly restricted magic weapon in public?!" Zhuo Yi tsked. "Does shifu , Senior Immortal or Brother Xiao Yin have any idea about where this black magic umbrella might have come from?"

In reality, Zhuo Yi really didn't know much about this area. After all, his experience was limited as it hadn't been long since he had graduated from university and started working. Even though his popularity and prestige had swelled after becoming a scapegoat a few times, he certainly wasn't as experienced as canny Lord Thunder.

After all, this Great Death-Courting Senior ran such a large cultivation forum, and at every minute of every hour of every day, he would be receiving all kinds of the latest gossip and news, so it made sense that he would have a lot of experience.

Folding his arms, Lord Thunder racked his brains for a bit, then seemed to remember something as he suddenly looked up and said, "It's the Wuji Umbrella!"

"What?!"

Zhuo Yi was stunned. "What ji ? The ji in 'funny 1 '?!"

1(The Chinese word for funny here is 滑稽 'huaji .. ')





Chapter 509 The Truth About the Extinction of the Holy Beasts


"It's the Wuji Umbrella... the ji from 'supreme 1 '!"

1(The Chinese word is 太极 'taiji ..) When Lord Thunder gave the name of the umbrella, Zhuo Yi instantly looked enlightened. Even though he didn't know what on earth this umbrella was, he felt that its name at least sounded very awesome.

He remembered seeing an online post before by a well-known magic treasures research specialist who had put up a short excerpt from his paper in which he argued that the shorter and simpler the name, the powerful more the magic treasure.

This theory was actually debatable, but Zhuo Yi felt that it made sense because he had noticed that most of the magic weapons on the ranking list of magic treasures had names that weren't more than three characters in length.

Furthermore, those with only two characters were even more amazing...

For example, Jingke...

Those with a single character were just plain awesome.

When he thought this, Zhuo Yi couldn't help sneaking glances at his shifu , Wang Ling.

Because he realized that his shifu Wang Ling's Daoist name was just one character —"Ling"...

"Wuji Umbrella?"

Mr Lu was also blank when he heard this name. He had also seen the all-time ranking chart of magic treasures in the human world. Although Huaxiu's culture was extensive and profound, Mr Lu actually didn't know much about it; in some sense, you could even say that his understanding was very poor. However, he still wouldn't overlook the names of magic treasures.

A lot of the magic treasures in the demon world were actually imitations made from designs pilfered from the human world. Magic treasure knock-offs were in fact a pretty big industry in the demon world at the moment. The humanoid demons who had integrated into the human world would try whatever they could to buy original magic treasures or obtain original design blueprints.

These original blueprints could sell for sky-high prices in the demon world...

As a matter of fact, when Mr Lu had still assumed that this fake "Skywalker sword" was real, he had initially intended to bring it with him to the demon world and then directly sell it off.

If it had been the genuine Skywalker sword, it could have been sold to a magic treasure knock-off agency in the demon world for at least double or triple its value.

Mr Lu shook his head. "I've never heard of this magic treasure before in the human world."

Xiao Yin was already browsing on his phone. There was an app called "Library of Magic Treasures" which was a record of all the renowned magic treasures in the world. The magic treasures inside were ranked by category, and there was also an all-time ranking chart.

The origin, grade and maker of each magic treasure in the library were clearly stated, but there wasn't any specific data on them; this app was only for listing the records and ranks of the magic treasures.

Xiao Yin put in the name 'Wuji Umbrella,' but in the end he discovered that the Library of Magic Treasures had no relevant record of it.

"There's really nothing on it!" Xiao Yin said.

"Looks like that post was actually credible." Lord Thunder tsked.

An informant?

Wang Ling stared blankly.

They had now cycled back to that mysterious informant on the cultivation forum whom Lord Thunder had mentioned before. In that post, the informant had already emphasized that the demon world wasn't peaceful and that a war was imminent.

In fact, this informant had revealed some other things as well... For example, Lord Thunder had seen something to do with this Wuji Umbrella in this post.

But he remembered that this mysterious informant had deleted the post not long after putting it up because a lot of people had questioned it.

But as the cultivation forum's highest administrator, it was at times like these that Lord Thunder's level of authority was of great use.

Looking through the history of deleted items in the forum's background was a piece of cake.

Very quickly, Lord Thunder found the informant's post on his computer, and he scrolled until he found the image of the Wuji Umbrella. "Have a look, Mr Lu, is this the umbrella?"

Mr Lu was very excited. "Yes! It's this umbrella!"

Who is this informant?

Wang Ling cocked an eyebrow as he asked the question telepathically.

"The person who posted it is completely anonymous, so I can't find out. In addition, it seems that they even used a fake IP address... This person built on the recent incident with the Demon Hunters Association to talk about how the holy beasts had become extinct due to lies and slander at the time - they then mentioned the Wuji Umbrella. I thought this person was just spouting rubbish back then, but now it looks like it might be some hidden big boss."

Lord Thunder sighed. "I actually did ask Little Black to check it out before, but he couldn't find out who it was at all."

Xiao Yin: "What is the origin of this umbrella?"

"Both divine weapons and quasi-divine weapons are born out of nature, and cannot be manufactured. But according to this informant, the Wuji Umbrella is in fact a man-made world-defying magic weapon," Lord Thunder said, his face darkening visibly. "What's more, it was made from forty-nine different types of holy beast skins..."

Lord Thunder had already carefully weighed his words when he said this, out of consideration for Xiao Yin's feelings; according to what the informant had originally said in the post, it had been a bloody and brutal massacre.

Xiao Yin naturally froze instantly when he heard this.

Although it had been a very long time since holy beasts had become extinct, hearing that someone had actually used the skins of forty-nine holy beasts to make a world-defying magic weapon short-circuited Xiao Yin's brain.

The skins of forty-nine different holy beasts...

Even when the holy beasts had flourished back then, there had still only been fifty clans! But this person had actually collected forty-nine skins!

"..."

Xiao Yin was stupefied.

No wonder he had smelled a faint trace of something hot and spicy on Mr Lu's hand earlier!

Because Mr Lu had touched this small black umbrella...

And it was clear that this small black umbrella contained the skin of Dog Saint, who had been turned into a spicy hot pot stew back then!

Noticing Xiao Yin's expression, Lord Thunder really couldn't bear to continue speaking, but all this currently was important information which he had to share.

After sorting out his wording, he continued, "According to this informant, the Wuji Umbrella is actually an incomplete product, and lacks the skin of one holy beast before it's completely finished..."

Zhuo Yi clenched his teeth and couldn't help pounding the table. "What a lunatic!" No wonder the ranking list of magic treasures didn't have a record of this magic treasure - not only was it an illegal magic treasure, it was also full of evil!

"Judging from the current situation, it was probably President Bai who created this Wuji Umbrella. Even if he hadn't personally made it himself and instead hired someone else to do it, this is pretty terrible." Lord Thunder sighed. "But there's something which still puzzles me: holy beasts have already been extinct for a long time, so how was he able to collect so many skins?"

"The reason is very simple."

At that moment, Mr Lu suddenly said, "I said earlier that I want to bring charges against Bai Zhe for his evil behavior. In fact, there's another very important piece of information... When I worked for him, I once accidentally learned something about the extinction of the holy beasts. If it's true, it was he who engineered the massacre of the holy beasts back then!"





Chapter 510 Technique for Using a Silver Bell


Sometimes the truth was often closer than you could imagine. Even Xiao Yin himself never expected that the truth he had been painstakingly searching for all these years would actually be so close to him, and could almost be said to be within his grasp.

"So you're saying that it was President Bai who was the source of the rumors back then which led to the extinction of the holy beasts..." Zhuo Yi was utterly stunned.

This was an unresolved case which the country had been investigating until now without any breakthroughs. After all, the level of technology back then wasn't as advanced as it was now.

The rumor that eating the heart of a holy beast could help a person comprehend the Heavenly Dao had spread roughly six thousand years ago, long before the founding of Huaxiu nation. Xiao Yin had only been two thousand years old at the time, a little kid among the holy beasts... When the holy beasts were discovered to be already extinct after the nation's founding, by the time they started to investigate the matter, it was already too late.

Because it was impossible to trace the source of the rumor.

But it wasn't the same now; the Internet was more advanced and cultivators had to be responsible for whatever they said on online platforms. As long as you wanted to look for something, you could. It wasn't in fact that hard to track down anonymous users, but that "informant" on the cultivation forum this time obviously knew something and had come prepared; even Little Black was unable to track this person down.

While Little Black's technology was slightly inferior to Wang Ming's, this thing wasn't impossible for the former.

If there was anything to be afraid of, it was that the other party might have laid traps.

In the end, Wang Ling thought that asking Wang Ming to investigate this matter would be more reliable; if even Wang Ming couldn't track down that informant's location, then they were really out of options.

"If this is true, President Bai's crimes are far worse than that of Cheng Yu, Master of Immortal Mansion, and the old devil." Zhuo Yi tsked; he hadn't expected to run into such a big fish this time. No wonder it was so hard to catch him!

Lord Thunder twirled his pen and said, "Mr Lu, do you have any material evidence to back up your words?"

"The Wuji Umbrella is evidence. Additionally, Bai Zhe still has many other peculiar magic weapons on him. I'm guessing that these magic weapons might have also been made from holy beasts. If we can take him down, these will all be material evidence."

At this point, Mr Lu had in fact pretty much told them everything they needed to know. As for drawing President Bai out, Mr Lu had already told Lord Thunder how to do so.

In fact, even Mr Lu himself didn't know where President Bai resided. The only way he could contact President Bai, apart from using his phone, was with a silver bell. Moreover, this President Bai was very cunning. His cell phone number was different every time, and Mr Lu could only contact him through his phone once a day, after which the number would directly change.

Mr Lu had already used this when he had been outside the villa entrance earlier. The new number would only be sent to Mr Lu's cell phone at six in the morning the next day.

Apart from that, if Mr Lu wanted to meet President Bai in person, he had to use this silver bell.

When Mr Lu handed the silver bell to Lord Thunder, he specifically exhorted the latter, "There's a technique for using this silver bell. You need to ring a specific melody in a specific place before Bai Zhe will show up. The venue we settled on before was the central park."

"What melody?"

"Do you know Qiansi Xi? Just play that1..."

1(This means 'puppet show,' and refers to a classical Chinese song about the affection between a puppet and its owner ..) Lord Thunder: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

After that, Wang Ling used a minor spell to hide the demon qi on Mr Lu and prevent that President Bai from tracking him down. Now that Mr Lu had become an important witness, he needed to be protected, but this didn't mean locking him up somewhere since that would make it easier for President Bai to find him.

So Lord Thunder had Song Qingshu take Mr Lu to go absorb formaldehyde; probably no one would think of this possibility.

But just in case, Wang Ling drew three teleportation talismans and gave them to Song Qingshu. Like the name implied, these teleportation talismans would swiftly transport Song Qingshu and Mr Lu to the coordinates of a particular place if they felt that they were in danger. Furthermore, the coordinates were for the Wang family's small villa... If the other party dared follow them there, even if Wang Ling wasn't at home, the gremlins in the villa would be enough to make the intruder suffer.

Besides, Jingke guarded the villa, so Wang Ling wasn't worried at all.

"Thank you very much, Ling Zhenren!"

At the gate of Lord Thunder's villa, Song Qingshu respectfully accepted the talismans.

After leaving Mo Immortal Castle, Song Qingshu had become more and more like a supervisor under Lord Thunder's guidance. Furthermore, he had an imposing righteous temperament that was clearly displayed on the outside; in fact, he was a promising talent.

Song Qingshu drove the car. Mr Lu sat in the front passenger seat and was afraid to move, because out of the corner of his eye, he could see Wang Ling looking at him... That mousepad earlier had really scared him! Now, he just wanted to quietly be a virtuous tree, and he completely didn't dare do anything rash...

Xiao Yin stood at the front door and waved. "Good luck, Mr Lu!"

"I will do my best to purify the air!"

Mr Lu looked at Xiao Yin resolutely and gave him a thumbs-up.

Song Qingshu said goodbye once more, then stepped on the gas and left with Mr Lu.

But with Mr Lu gone, the rest of the pressure now fell completely on Zhuo Yi.

If he wanted to catch Bai Zhe, these two days would be the best time to do so since Mr Lu hadn't completed his assignment and his demon qi was now masked. Besides, the longer Bai Zhe and Mr Lu were out of contact, the more suspicious it would look.

Although President Bai's surname meant "white"...

It was clear that he was a very suspicious man. In addition, this person had single-handedly engineered the near extermination of all the holy beasts six thousand years ago, so his heart and bones were actually very black.

"Then, according to the plan we've agreed on, Brother Xiao and I will go meet President Bai tonight. Brother Zhuo Yi, you're responsible for tightening the net in the end!" Lord Thunder said.

"Then we will have to trouble Senior Immortal." Zhuo Yi nodded.

"It's fine, it's fine, it's not a big deal." Lord Thunder was very confident since he had the Soul Suppression Ring and so had nothing to fear. As for Xiao Yin, after eating the crispy noodle snack, his fighting strength had been boosted to a lofty level, which could be completely described as devastating.

Wang Ling felt that it would be more than enough if these two people coordinated together and combined their battle strength to deal with that President Bai.

According to Mr Lu, President Bai's strength was at True Immortal level, but the damage he could inflict might not necessarily be at the level of a True Immortal. Perhaps the most troublesome part still was that unknown terrifying self-healing ability.

Wang Ling was very curious about this.

A human cultivator with a self-healing ability beyond that of the Tree clan; how was this possible... infinite health?





Chapter 511 People Should Give Each Other Space!


Wang Ling directly teleported home. He had locked his bedroom door in case Mother Wang suddenly came in and discovered he wasn't there. As long as he locked the door, Mother Wang usually wouldn't try coming in again after turning the doorknob and finding that the door wouldn't open. In her eyes, Wang Ling had always been a conscientious person; a locked door must mean that he was studying and didn't want to be interrupted.

So when Wang Ling returned home, he felt a little guilty; he had gone to Lord Thunder's place at noon, and it was now already half past three. He had played one game round with his family's Er Ha and then dealt with the matter of Mr Lu, which had resulted in him coming home later than he had expected.

He gave a sigh as he suddenly felt mentally tired.

Unfortunately, all of this was happening in the middle of the midterm exams, making him feel a little overwhelmed.

His forehead dropped heavily into his hand.

He...

...was just a sixteen-year-old kid!

Life was really too difficult!

At that moment, he swept his gaze over the garden. This Er Ha had returned home before him and was now basking in the sun and wagging its tail as if nothing had happened. Although they were quite far apart, Wang Ling could still see that Er Ha's green fur was standing a little on end.

It was obvious that this thing one hundred percent knew that Wang Ling was staring at it, so it was a little nervous.

After all, it had done something shameful behind Wang Ling's back today.

So while it looked composed now, Er Ha was in fact panicking like an old dog...

Everyone had secrets, and naturally so did spirit beasts. Wang Ling actually didn't want to restrict Er Ha too much. Now that it was already a member of the family, there was no harm in giving it more space. So in terms of dealing with this matter, Wang Ling understood and respected Er Ha's decision.

Since Er Ha wanted to deal with the matter inside the Gate Between Worlds itself, then just let it handle the problem.

Wang Ling could pretend he didn't know, but he couldn't turn a blind eye to it; it would be very easy for him to secretly give Er Ha a helping hand.

That was right; when it came to family, everyone should give each other some space.

There were some things you could see through but not point out; giving other people space was also a way of showing them respect.

This was the best way Wang Ling could come up with to help Er Ha, since he could both support Er Ha and also give it face.

At this thought, he sat down at his table again and pretended that he didn't know anything. He turned around and snapped his fingers, and the bedroom door unlocked with a click.

Now that he was back, there was no need to lock the door.

Wang Ling opened his drawer and took out Three Five once more as he decided to do three more test papers to assuage his guilt from today.

But just as he flipped open the stack of papers, he couldn't help sneezing.

This definitely wasn't a cold. Wang Ling basically couldn't get sick; any virus that invaded his body would be instantly killed by his primordial qi. As a result, his immune system was in hibernation mode all year round and was never used at all.

How could he sneeze?

Wang Ling thought this was a little strange. Looking around, his sharp senses picked out several strands of very fine green dog fur on the table.

They had probably been stirred up when he had flipped open Three Five.

Previously, Wang Ling had allowed Er Ha to lie on the table and watch him do his homework so that it could study. The dog fur had probably been left behind then.

But he clearly remembered that Er Ha had never shed before...

Maybe it had been cultivating so diligently recently that the stress was causing it to drop fur.

Wang Ling suddenly felt a little sorry for Er Ha — the fact that it was starting to lose fur showed the immense effort it had been putting into cultivating recently. Given its current class, if it continued to cultivate this way, this akita might wind up becoming a Chinese crested dog...

Wang Ling picked up this green fur between two fingers and narrowed his eyes as he looked at it. He grabbed a tissue from his drawer to wrap the fur in before throwing it away, but in doing so, a few strands slipped from his grasp onto his thigh.

Furrowing his brow, he grabbed another tissue to clean up the dog fur on his thigh.

It never ever occurred to him that Mother Wang would suddenly open the door and come in at this time...

When she entered, she happened to see Wang Ling holding a tissue in one hand while the other was wiping at his thigh in a suspicious manner...

"..."

Wang Ling turned his head, a startled expression on his face.

"Ling Ling..." Mother Wang didn't finish speaking. She just said his name before swallowing whatever she wanted to say.

It could only be said that Mother Wang was Mother Wang, a senior who had already been around the block; what great storms and waves hadn't she weathered?

Adolescent urges were nothing strange to her.

Then, Wang Ling watched as Mother Wang smiled at him slightly before slowly closing the door.

Wang Ling: "..."

Slamming the door shut at this time was a big no-no; loud sounds would easily frighten a person and could result in a disruption of physical functions.

Mother Wang thought that she was very open-minded.

Family members should give each other some space.

"Ling Ling has grown up..." Standing in front of the door, Mother Wang felt a little gratified.

She remembered that Wang Ling had been preparing for his midterm exams lately; it would be normal for him to feel stressed.

Young people... it would be better for them to release their stress.

At that very moment, Wang Ling was clenching a wad of tissue in his hand as he felt like slamming his head against the door.

If he had known, he would have used the Gravitation Spell to pick up the dog fur!

What kind of misunderstanding was this...

Wang Ling's lips twitched uncontrollably.

Sometimes, there were small things in life where the use of magic wasn't necessary. However, Wang Ling had never thought that Mother Wang would come in at that particular moment; it was a really big misunderstanding this time. But this also showed that the effect of the Great Fortune Spell had probably already worn off, otherwise there was no way this misunderstanding could have happened.

Wang Ling felt that he was a pretty adaptable person — since the misunderstanding had already happened, there was no need to go on and explain it.

Because that would just be adding insult to injury!

He grit his teeth, picked up his pen and started to furiously do his Three Five!

Roughly half an hour later...

Mother Wang came by his room again. This time, she didn't directly enter, and instead knocked on the door.

She guessed that Wang Ling should have finished his business by now.

"Ling Ling?" She didn't dare directly open the door and enter, in case she saw another R18 scene, and simply spoke outside the door. "Your brother's coming by tonight. I'm making fish stew with kidneys... eat up later! Also, you need to do things in moderation, understand?"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 512 The Tattoo On Wang Ming's Stomach


Wang Ling wasn't surprised by Wang Ming's visit this time. He guessed that the results of the space assessment which they had performed on Daoist Guang's tattered robe last week had come out. The robe had remnants of the Heaven-Cleaving sword's chaotic sword qi on it from when Evil Sword God had pursued Daoist Guang back then, and Wang Ming had used this sword qi to find a trail back to the space Evil Sword God had been in before.

Daoist Guang had previous speculated that the entrance to the legendary Immortal's Treasure House was likely in a space cavern that linked the human world and the demon world together. Daoist Guang called this space the entrance to the Otherworld.

But this was just speculation. Furthermore, even if an entrance did exist, it didn't necessarily lead to the Immortal's Treasure House. Almightys at Venerated Immortal level set up worlds like they were playing a game, so it was possible that Immortal Zhenyuan had established many equally fake worlds to mask the real Immortal's Treasure House, as if he was playing whack-a-mole...

The talisman seal was growing weaker and weaker, and the primordial qi inside Wang Ling's body was starting to gradually adapt to the special substance inside the talisman. Furthermore, the primordial qi was starting to reinforce itself, forming something similar to an antibody.

Of course, Wang Ming had deduced that it would still be another five to seven years before the talisman's effect wore off completely. That was to say, Wang Ling had to find a new way of either controlling his primordial qi himself or replacing the talisman seal before he went to university.

It might seem that he still had a lot of time, but whether it was five or seven years, this was just the blink of an eye for a lot of cultivators. For seclusion maniacs like Patriarch Reliance, the headmaster of that Reliance High School from the combined military drill for six schools, five years in seclusion was like going to the toilet.

Wang Ling hoped he would be able to find something in the Immortal's Treasure House, but he wasn't placing all his expectations on it.

Ultimately, nothing would be better than him being able to control the primordial qi himself.

But in the last few years, Wang Ling had noticed that his realm seemed to be advancing at a quicker rate. In the past, his realm would move up once every two years, but lately it seemed that his strength was growing again...

The primordial qi changed with the growth in his realm.

He had to adapt to his realm in order to be able to completely control the primordial qi. But the problem now was that he was growing too quickly, which didn't give him any time to adapt to his realm at all! It was like how some writers were slow to update their novels - it might look like they could keep up, but there was a chance that they would be behind in chapters right up until their next book...

...

That evening, it was Zhai Yin once again who sent Wang Ming over, and Wang Ling wasn't as hostile toward her as he had been the last few times. Zhai Yin, moreover, was well aware that if she wanted to thoroughly conquer Wang Ming, she would inevitably need Wang Ling's help.

The best in fact would be if she could win over her "brother-in-law."

Zhai Yin was utterly clear on this point after her last encounter with Wang Ling.

Sending Wang Ming over this time, she still had on a wooden "strangers stay away" face, but when she saw Wang Ling open the door, she still did her best to soften her expression with a slight smile.

It looked quite stiff, though.

Wang Ming's lips twitched at this scene and his tongue was as poisonous as ever: "With your zombie face, you better not smile... If you let your hair down, with this expression, you could star in The Grudge ."

Zhai Yin kept a tight rein on her anger. "..." She absolutely couldn't forget herself in front of her "brother-in-law"!

They entered and switched to house slippers. Mother Wang and the old man were just about done with cooking. Mother Wang had calculated the right time to cook the vegetables, and she was walking out of the kitchen with a plate of stir-fried broccoli in her hands when she saw Zhai Yin and Wang Ming. "You're here! Come and sit down!"

The one thing the Wang family's small villa didn't lack was broccoli... Ever since Lord Thunder had made up his mind to comprehend the Heavenly Dao from broccoli, he had become absorbed in breeding different varieties of broccoli and would send a large amount to the villa each month.

The most terrifying thing was that because this broccoli had been grown in spirit soil, they stayed fresh for a very long time!

Even when it wasn't kept in the fridge, it could be stored for two or three years without turning yellow or becoming moldy, and would still be fresh and rich in water content.

Putting the dish down, Mother Wang wiped her oily fingers on her apron out of habit.

Seeing that Zhai Yin looked a little ill at ease, Mother Wang quickly smiled. "Don't be polite, Miss Zhai, it's not your first time here, come and sit!"

After several meetings, Mother Wang had learned Zhai Yin's identity as well as her gender. It wasn't Wang Ming who had told her, but Father Wang who had asked an "acquaintance" to check Zhai Yin out - Father Wang's most powerful fan was President Qi's direct superior and also the top leader. If there was anything Father Wang wanted to know, he just needed to open his fan group and send a private message.

As a writer, you never knew what on earth your fans could do...

In fact, Wang Ling felt that Father Wang was a bit of a gossip sometimes. Furthermore, it seemed that in the last few years, Father Wang had even joined the "Wang Ming Get Married" group, and had already started to raise money for Wang Ming's wedding. Even Wang Ming himself didn't know about it, and Wang Ling had only found out inadvertently.

Sometimes, Wang Ling would recall where Zhai Yin had come from... an administrator of Magnificent Immortal's Depository of Buddhist Texts — how many cultivators dreamed about this job? Wang Ling had also heard that these administrators were on fixed contracts and couldn't resign at will. But Zhai Yin had unexpectedly been transferred to the Cultivation Academy of Science to become Lu Wei's personal guard (Lu Wei = Scientist) 1 .

1(Lu Wei is Lu Benwei's nickname, and online users sometimes use 'scientist' to mock his cheating in games.) Wang Ming had told Wang Ling before that it was President Qi who had used his connections to have Zhai Yin transferred.

But Wang Ling didn't think the truth was that simple.

To say that Father Wang might have added fuel to the fire in the background actually wasn't an impossibility...

Wang Ling randomly chose a seat and then watched as Zhai Yin unexpectedly pulled out the chair next to him and sat down.

Wang Ling: "???"

Wang Ming laughed when he saw this. "Hey, that's Er Ha's seat."

Zhai Yin: "..."

Zhai Yin's intention had only been to slowly win Wang Ling's favor.

To be precise, this was her first time eating with them, so she completely had no idea that this was Er Ha's seat.

When Wang Ming saw that Zhai Yin hadn't moved, he was dumbfounded. "It's the dog that was lying down at the door when we came in... You would even fight a dog over a chair?!"

Zhai Yin's lips twitched violently as she tamped down her fury and changed seats.

This time, she chose the chair directly next to Wang Ming.

Wang Ming shook his head. "This is my grandfather's seat!"

Zhai Yin got up and moved one chair down.

Once again, Wang Ming said, "No no no, that's my auntie's seat!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ling could completely tell that Wang Ming was deliberately picking a fight...

Zhai Yin couldn't take it anymore; she directly stretched out one hand to pull Wang Ming up by his collar.

Wang Ming was alarmed. "What do you want?" He couldn't throw her off at all.

Naturally, Zhai Yin wouldn't hit him; she simply unbuttoned the bottom half of his shirt instead.

Then, Wang Ling almost sprayed out water... because he saw that there was actually a tattoo on Wang Ming's stomach; what was more, it was of a well-known cartoon character!

Furthermore, only cultivators would be able to see this tattoo, and normal people like Wang Ming who couldn't use spirit energy wouldn't be able to see it at all.

This was obviously Zhai Yin's revenge — maybe she had secretly drawn it on his stomach when he had been asleep.

Wang Ming didn't know exactly what was going on, but he could guess something was up, and he turned his head to stare at Zhai Yin. "What did you draw on my stomach?"

How humiliating!

And in front of Wang Ling as well!

Wang Ming felt some regret. He had thought that Zhai Yin wouldn't do anything to him in front of Wang Ling. He had just been joking around and had never thought that it would turn into a tit for tat...

Then, some spirit energy shot out from Wang Ling's fingertip to settle on Wang Ming's eyes.

Wang Ming turned pale when he saw what had been tattooed on his stomach. "What the hell! Peppa Pig?!"

Papapa...

At that moment, Wang Ling started to clap his hands with a deadpan expression.

How did the saying go?

Get a Peppa Pig tatt...

Shout out to your frat 2 ...

2(This is a Peppa Pig meme where she is jokingly cast as a 'society' or 'frat member', which in colloquial Chinese refers to a gangster ..)





Chapter 513 Wang Ming's Life is in Danger!


Basically, Wang Ming had to report if he wanted to go out, and he needed Old Qi's approval.

Actually, he had already broken this rule the last time when he had gone out with the Heavenly Materials sword to catch Xiao Yuncheng. In the end, however, President Qi had suppressed this matter... he really pampered Wang Ming like his own grandchild.

There were actually a lot of young and talented scientists at the academy. To many outsiders, this was a group of geniuses who were far above them; they were the pillars holding up the whole nation, and each of them was unbridled and wilful.

But this group of people still weren't as smart as Wang Ming.

Where there were comparisons, there naturally was envy, and where there was envy, there naturally was hate. Wang Ming indeed was usually a little wilful, resulting in him unintentionally provoking plenty of people. These people had tried everything to file complaints about him, but these had all been intercepted by Old Qi. But the more President Qi protected him, the more envious they became.

Why had President Qi gone out of his way to look for an expert bodyguard for Wang Ming?

He was afraid that the other scientists would one day lose control and hurt Wang Ming.

Wang Ming's safety was the topmost priority. It wasn't enough to protect him outside, he also needed to be guarded at home.

But Wang Ming had always been a terror at home...

Actually, with Zhai Yin around now, his behavior was a lot more restrained.

The rules of the Cultivation Academy of Science were no less severe than military rules; the academy was basically under militarized administration, but there actually weren't any restrictions on Wang Ming - the only restriction on him was that he wasn't allowed to leave without permission, and even if he announced he wanted to go out, it might not necessarily be approved.

The Wang family's small villa was the only exception.

Because Father Wang had talked to the upper management in his fan group...

...

At the very beginning, Wang Ling hadn't known Zhai Yin's identity and thus had been a little cold toward her. But after carefully analyzing the pros and cons of Zhai Yin following Wang Ming around now, Wang Ling suddenly thought that President Qi had made a very good decision.

Given Wang Ming's normally vicious tongue, his sharp words would increase the ire of the people around him by nine hundred and ninety-nine points.

At this rate, there was a real possibility that his colleagues would poison him!

Since Zhai Yin's arrival, she could, for one thing, restrain Wang Ming from doing whatever he wanted, and for another, indirectly protect him. Apart from his brain, he was a muggle without an ounce of spirit energy at all - an ordinary person would be able to poison him without much effort.

Of course, even if Wang Ming was actually poisoned to death...

Wang Ling had a way of bringing him back to life.

Wang Ling was also capable of performing the "Samsara of Heavenly Life" which Wang Ming had used in his software several hours ago when he had gamed with Daoist Guang.

But Wang Ling could do it in real life...

It was just that once he used it, not only would Wang Ming's identity become widely known, Wang Ling himself would very likely be exposed.

His chin in his hand, Wang Ling thought about it for a while. He felt that it was time to give Wang Ming something like Lord Thunder's "Soul Suppression Ring" which could bring people back to life. Of course, this would actually be a little harder because the ring could only be activated when spirit energy was poured into it; artificial spirit energy wouldn't work.

Hence, Wang Ling had to make a resurrection magic treasure which didn't require spirit energy to be activated.

Even if Zhai Yin was Wang Ming's bodyguard, she couldn't always be with him. Wang Ling felt it was better to have some insurance in case the worst happened.

Wang Ling looked up at the wall calendar that hung on the door.

Wang Ming's birthday was August 1st, which was Army Day.

It was more than half a month away, which was enough time for Wang Ling to make the preparations.

...

When Zhai Yin was brought up, Wang Ming clearly had a lot of complaints.

He wasn't reserved as he lay on his stomach on the bed, Wang Ling's pillow in his arms. He stretched out his hand toward the ceiling with the tragic and heartbroken air of the marginalized. "Ling! You have no idea how terrible that woman is!"

Wang Ling could tell that this guy's main reason for coming hadn't been to share the assessment results at all, but to complain; sharing the space assessment results was just an afterthought.

Wang Ming's face was gloomy when he said, "She has a mouthful of whatever I'm drinking first to make sure it's not poisoned before I can drink it."

Wang Ling: "..."

Lying on the ground, Er Ha raised its dog head; it felt that at the moment, Wang Ming looked like a bitter housewife who had just been abused.

"And that's not all!" Wang Ming suddenly sat upright and dropped his forehead into his hand. "Even when I go to the toilet... she also needs to sit on it first!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Er Ha: "..."

"And do you know what the most terrifying thing is? This girl actually started to learn how to cook recently! She even bought a dragon pig the day before yesterday and insisted on making me a fried pork chop!"

"Dragon pig? She treats you well..." Er Ha tsked.

The price of dragon pig meat on the market currently could be as high as five hundred immortal gold per jin for the best parts of the dragon pig; ordinary families couldn't afford it at all.

Although this was the case, Er Ha was already no longer interested in meat after being away from the demon world for so long. Plus, Guo Hao's family supplied it regularly with fly-flavored dog food.

Naturally, the dog food was artificially flavored, and didn't use real flies, which made Er Ha realize that when it ate flies now, they tasted a little strange.

"Treats me well?" Wang Ming's lips twitched. "Have you eaten a black-colored pork chop? And that fried pork chop was the size of a basin!"

"That can't be right, aren't all the people from Magnificent Immortal supposed to be talented?" Listening to Wang Ming's words, Er Ha's mind was blank. "Their people are basically all-rounders, how can she be so bad at cooking?"

Wang Ming: "Bullshit! That's because they eat raw food in the army."

Er Ha: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

"She'll kill me with her cooking first before anyone can poison me." Wang Ming heaved a heavy sigh. "I heard that her teacher is a veteran chef."

"Who?"

"I don't know, I just heard that the person's name has the juan character in it."

Wang Ling: "..."

Juan...

He happened to know a chef with the surname Juan...

This probably wasn't a coincidence, right?

If Mother Juan really was Zhai Yin's teacher, she would definitely straightaway poison Wang Ming to death with her dishes!

Wang Ling sucked in a cold breath of air.

It looked like he would have to make that resurrection object for Wang Ming as soon as possible.

Wang Ling already felt that Wang Ming's life was in huge danger...

"Lingzi, what's wrong? Your face doesn't look so good."

Looking at Wang Ling's pale complexion, Wang Ming couldn't help snickering. "Auntie told me just now... today you were sneakily doing that ?"

Wang Ling: "..."

"It's fine, it's fine, big brother won't laugh at you... young people should learn moderation."

Wang Ming laughed with the air of someone who was unsurprised. "These tissues probably aren't comfortable, right? I've actually invented a new kind of tissue, but it hasn't been patented yet. This tissue is lubricated but dries quickly and doesn't stick to your hands! One piece can be used multiple times, and it also has a self-cleaning function, and is one hundred percent germ-free."

Wang Ling: "..."

Hm...

Just go be poisoned to death...





Chapter 514 Wang Ming's Great Ambition


Of course, even though Wang Ming had said that, he was just teasing since he knew Wang Ling wouldn't do such a thing.

Since young, this little brother of his had always had this ascetic and restrained expression, and didn't look like a vibrant youngster at all. As for why, this actually had to do with the primordial qi in his body.

Wang Ming had extracted some of Wang Ling's primordial qi previously. This qi was immensely powerful; furthermore, it had a robust self-healing and purifying ability. In addition to purging the body of toxins and preventing all types of poisons from invading the system, it also had the effect of pacifying emotions.

This was actually the reason why Wang Ling normally didn't show any emotion on his face.

Many times when Wang Ling's mood was about to change, the primordial qi's self-cleansing ability would start to take effect. He would never get too excited, angry, sad or happy; the primordial qi would help control his mood.

Scientifically speaking, those who could control their moods usually had higher EQ, lived longer and were healthier.

But the problem was that the primordial qi was too strong, and its control was a little too excessive!

Wang Ling thus couldn't be blamed for his poker face!

There were times when he wanted to grin but would be stifled by the primordial qi, which was actually a little depressing.

Sometimes Wang Ming really wanted to know what Wang Ling's smile looked like.

Although nowadays the corners of the lips could be adjusted with photoshop, a fake smile could never look natural...

Over the years, Wang Ming had relied on the "Anti-Wang Ling Matter" which he had refined in order to create the talisman to suppress the primordial qi in Wang Ling's body. Meanwhile, he had actually been studying Wang Ling's primordial qi. In the end, using the "Anti-Wang Ling Matter" only treated the symptoms and not the cause. If they wanted a permanent solution, the best would be if Wang Ming achieved a breakthrough in his study of the primordial qi.

Unfortunately, even with him doing the research, he hadn't made any substantial progress until now.

At that moment, he suddenly squeezed the pillow in his arms as his tone turned solemn. "Lingzi, I've been helping you study your primordial qi all these years, but given the current research equipment in the lab, none of the machines can thoroughly analyze your primordial qi."

"Study primordial qi?" This was Er Ha's first time hearing this, and it shook its head after listening to Wang Ming.

Because it really wasn't easy to study this thing!

When Wang Ling heard this, his head jerked up and his entire body froze.

He already knew about the primordial qi research; to be exact, he had been six years old when Wang Ming had extracted a sample for research.

Actually, since the beginning, Wang Ling had already had the feeling that current scientific equipment wouldn't be able to analyze the primordial qi at all, and reality had indeed proven that this was the case. Over the years, Wang Ming had thrown a lot of energy into his research of the primordial qi, and would instantly text Wang Ling over even the smallest discovery.

Later, there had been fewer and fewer texts until they had stopped altogether.

Wang Ling had always assumed that Wang Ming had already given up.

After all, for a proud scientist regarded as the man with the strongest brain, it must have been a blow to this pride to be unable to achieve a breakthrough after working persistently on one project for so many years.

Wang Ling hadn't thought that after ten years...

Wang Ming actually hadn't given up.

Wang Ling opened his mouth and was about to thank him, but then felt that it would be a little sappy and too aloof.

They were cousins who sometimes hated or teased each other, but their bond of brotherhood was solid.

The fact that Wang Ming could freely lie down and roll around on the bed was the best proof of this...

Lord Thunder had traded crispy noodle snacks for the right to lie down on the bed.

But brothers were brothers. Even if Wang Ling didn't say it out loud, Wang Ming did hold a significant place in his heart.

1st August was Wang Ming's birthday, and Wang Ling had to prepare a good gift for him.

At that time, Wang Ling had already made a decision.

Even though he didn't say anything, the truth was that Wang Ming didn't need him to give a reply.

Words weren't needed between brothers.

Wang Ling was still underage and couldn't drink, otherwise Wang Ming thought that they could drink a truckload of wine together!

One bottle would be his, and the rest would be Wang Ling's...

"Primordial qi is a special type of spirit energy autonomously produced in little master's body. To put it another way, it's an even more advanced level of spirit energy which is tens of thousands of times denser than normal spirit energy, and has a truly complex composition..." said Er Ha.

Er Ha actually only knew this much about primordial qi.

This primordial qi was the main reason why Little Master Ling had been able to thrash Evil Sword God so badly with one slap.

Spirit energy was like a cultivator's "power source."

Normal cultivators operated on spirit energy.

But Wang Ling operated on a "primordial qi" spirit energy blend.

It didn't sound like there was much of a difference since they were all power sources. However, there were differences in quality.

Gasoline versus nuclear energy... could they be considered the same?!

Furthermore, this "primordial qi" spirit energy blend had already been enough to defeat Evil Sword God; if the talisman had been removed and Wang Ling had used pure primordial qi in place of spirit power in his slap, Evil Sword God's soul and body would have been utterly extinguished.

"Soon." Wang Ming flattened his lips, his expression taut as he said very seriously, "I can definitely do it... I'll invent a magic treasure for analyzing the primordial qi."

...

Actually, in Er Ha's view, the reason why Wang Ming's progress was slow was probably because he wasn't a cultivator.

The spirit energy which Wang Ming was currently using was man-made spirit energy discharged by a magic treasure.

Although Wang Ming could read up on the theory behind spirit energy circulatory pathways and vascular systems, he wasn't a genuine cultivator. There were many things you could only understand after your body had experienced them for itself. Primordial qi was clearly a higher grade of power than spirit energy, and could be called a magic power source for cultivators.

In the last few years, the "Depletion of Spirit Energy Theory" had become prevalent, and there were already plenty of True Immortal Almightys predicting that the spirit energy on earth would be depleted one day.

Perhaps at that time, the primordial qi in Wang Ling's body would become the last power source for activating spells...

This research study was actually very significant.

If Wang Ming could analyze the composition of the primordial qi, he would be saving not just Wang Ling, but also the whole world. This would become a major discovery that would be permanently recorded down in The Annals of World Cultivation! Wang Ming would be forever remembered as the greatest discoverer, explorer and scientist of this era!

A wild notion suddenly struck Er Ha.

When the time came and Wang Ming passed away, it would be a spectacular scene.

Those who both knew and didn't know him would light a candle for him on Weibo or in WeChat Moments...





Chapter 515 The True Face of Primordial Qi


Ambition was without doubt good, but there were times when achieving it was often difficult.

Er Ha thought that at their cores, these brothers shared the same ideals.

One wanted to thoroughly study the composition of the primordial qi.

The other was doing his best to control the primordial qi himself.

At their cores, these two ideas were the same, and had one thing in common: they wouldn't be easy to fulfill.

Getting down to business, Wang Ming activated his space storage ring with artificial spirit energy and took out the lab assessment report. He had printed two copies and he passed one to Wang Ling.

Er Ha jumped onto the desk and moved its head closer to look at the report with Wang Ling. Wang Ling didn't ignore it, but he did check to see if Er Ha shed any fur. Today's misunderstanding was too big, and it had already cast a small shadow on his heart.

That was because he knew Mother Wang too well; she was an economical housewife who spent what needed to be spent and not a penny more. But after today's misunderstanding, Wang Ling felt that the next time she went to the supermarket, she might buy a whole pile of tissues.

"What's this? Code? Can't understand it..." Er Ha stared blankly at the assessment report.

The only thing it could understand was that it looked something like a map. The important thing was that various data coordinates as well as latitudinal and longitudinal lines had been marked on the map. Loopy Still had yet to fully understand language, let alone astronomy and geography... It hadn't even been a few months since it had come into contact with human culture. To be frank, it still had a lot to learn.

"This is the machine readout, of course you won't understand it. It's good enough if you can read the map. I filled in those coordinates after making some calculations based on the codes. I checked them three times, there's no mistake," explained Wang Ming.

These codes were actually the space location results generated by the machine after performing a reverse trace on the tattered Daoist robe, though they had still needed to be analyzed in order to obtain exact coordinates.

"Since there are plenty of records on the many times that the Gate Between Worlds descended on Huaxiu nation, the academy has a lot of information on it.

"Also, there are plenty of cultivators nowadays who either get spit out or are lucky enough to inadvertently walk out of the Gate. I've already checked their verbal accounts.

"Putting all the information together, including these verbal accounts and the widely circulated maps of the demon world provided by dealers of rare maps..."

Wang Ming cupped his chin and said, "The coordinates are indeed for a location in the Gate Between Worlds, but it's not in the demon world. Apart from being able to trace the sword qi back to the location, the space assessment machine can in fact make a rough projection of the size of the map with a less than ten percent margin of error. Looking at the geography, it isn't the demon world at all."

Er Ha's and Wang Ling's eyes couldn't help lighting up at this conclusion.

Wang Ling lowered his head in thought as he stared fixedly at the map.

It appeared that Daoist Guang's conclusion had been completely correct.

There had to be a link between the Gate Between Worlds and the demon world where the space was located. As for why there were so many different coordinates on the map, the answer was obvious.

That was because the link didn't lead to just one space; there were a lot of fake spaces created by Immortal Zhenyuan. Following this line of thought, Wang Ling even felt that none of these spaces in the link might be the Immortal's Treasure House.

But the problem was that he had to go check it out himself in order to be sure.

Er Ha thought that this would in fact be quite hard to do. Currently, the only way to get to the demon world from the human world was through the Gate Between Worlds. No matter how capable Little Master Ling was, there was no way he could instantly create such a gigantic world-defying portal.

The Gate's configuration was obviously much more complex than the Soul Suppression Ring. Because the ring was small, it was easy to refine one of the highest quality, but the Gate Between Worlds would be a massive undertaking. Er Ha had already seen how complicated Immortal Zhenyuan's blueprint was when Daoist Guang had passed it on to Er Ha.

In any case, Er Ha felt that based on its current cultivation rate, even if it could refine weapons, it would never be able to create this type of terrifying thing in its lifetime.

Refining a world-defying magic weapon wasn't something that depended just on a person's realm. Many times, creating a world-defying magic weapon in fact mostly had to do with luck. Er Ha didn't actually believe in luck, but Little Master Ling's Great Fortune Spell did exist.

While studying the language of human cultivators in the last two months, Er Ha had even seen a paper about luck which said that the reason why many top Almightys now were able to attain their realms was actually because their luck was naturally good.

So as far as Er Ha was concerned, this Immortal Zhenyuan was actually a monster...

...

"There are numerous codes here, but most of them are space coordinates."

Sitting on the bed, Wang Ming crossed his arms contemplatively, an inscrutable expression on his face. "But I did find a very interesting code that didn't stand for coordinates. Rather, it was information."

"???" Wang Ling raised his head.

Loopy Dog couldn't help asking, "What kind of information?"

Wang Ming smiled. "That space machine can track down sword qi and scan its surroundings. Out of this swarm of codes, only this code was the most interesting to me; it's about an unknown form of energy."

When he said this, Wang Ling's pupils shrank slightly as if he had already sensed what Wang Ming was going to say.

Wang Ming curled his lips as he said, "According to the scan by the space assessment machine, after I cracked the code on this form of energy, I realized that its material structure is very similar to your primordial qi..."

What the fuck?! Er Ha was stunned. "How can that place have little master's primordial qi?"

"Although we have yet to collect any from the scene for comparison, I'm guessing the similarity is as high as seventy percent."

Wang Ming said, "Supposing that primordial qi really exists in that space, there are two possibilities: First, it isn't something that only Ling Ling has; it already exists, just not in the human world.

"The second possibility is more likely: When a cultivator's realm reaches a certain point, the source of their spirit energy will change, and the body will start to produce primordial qi instead as a substitute for spirit energy."

Em... this explanation made both Wang Ling and Er Ha speechless.

"Primordial qi can be spontaneously generated?" Er Ha had doubts. A cultivator's spirit energy was formed only after they had absorbed natural spirit qi from their surroundings to be stored in their dantian.

"I'm guessing that after reaching a certain point in their realms, those Almightys became capable of drawing energy out of their own bodies and no longer needed to rely on spirit energy. This probably has something to do with the biology of their cells."

When Wang Ling and Er Ha heard this, one person and one dog couldn't help the way the corners of their eyes twitched.

Extracting energy from cells...

So the true face of primordial qi was... chakra1?!

1(Chakra in the series 'Naruto' is presented as a form of life energy which everyone produces in their bodies to some degree..)





Chapter 516 How Many Other Undisclosed Inventions Does Wang Ming Have?


Of course, this was just one-sided speculation on Wang Ming's part, and there was no proof to back it up yet.

But scientists nowadays liked to use data in their presentations, and theoretical science was also a type of science in itself; moreover, Wang Ming's theories were in fact usually very accurate.

This primordial qi had been in Wang Ling's body since he was a kid. He only knew what this thing was called, and didn't know what it was, exactly.

Furthermore, there was another important point: If Wang Ming's theory was correct, and a cultivator had to reach a certain level before their bodies started to produce primordial qi, then it didn't really fit Wang Ling's current situation. This was the only thing he could think of at the moment that contradicted Wang Ming's view.

Wang Ling was indeed very powerful, but his true realm in fact wasn't necessarily as high as Immortal Zhenyuan's... based on the shorter time it took now for his realm to rise, Wang Ling roughly calculated he would only reach Venerated Immortal level in the later half of this year at the quickest.

Unlike when he had been younger and his realm had automatically advanced every two years, his current situation had long changed, with the intervals between realm stages getting shorter.

So from the very beginning, Wang Ling had in fact thought that it was impossible to explain his current situation simply with science. Most of the time, he didn't even care how high his realm was. In any case, there was no one in the world right now who could survive one slap from him unscathed...

Last time, even with the Dao talisman seal on his arm, he had smacked Evil Sword God half to death.

At that time, Wang Ling had thought that with the Dao talisman seal on, he and Evil Sword God would at least be evenly matched.

Of course, Wang Ming being who he was, he would have naturally considered whatever Wang Ling could think of.

"Perhaps your situation is inconsistent with my current theory..."

Wang Ming rubbed his head and laughed. "In fact, I think I'm talking nonsense! How can I apply regular theoretical knowledge to your situation! My analysis just now is that after cultivators reach a certain realm, they can rely on their physical bodies to gather energy... In fact, you're different because you were fully automated since you were born!"

" Pu !" Er Ha couldn't help laughing.

Wang Ling was speechless. "..."

But he had to admit that Wang Ming's description was quite vivid.

"But it's all right. The best, naturally, would be if we could collect some of that energy source for comparison. Maybe this thing isn't primordial qi, or it's an unknown form of energy that's just similar to your primordial qi." At this point, Wang Ming activated artificial spirit energy once again and took out a purple black round vessel from the ring.

Er Ha: "What's this?"

Wang Ming: "An energy collector which hasn't been made public yet. I made it yesterday."

Wang Ling: "..."

Er Ha: "How many other undisclosed inventions do you still have..."

Previously there was the thermal toilet, just now was the smart cleaning tissue, and now an energy collector...

"I invented a lot, but applying for patents is troublesome, so it's just for personal use. Anyway, my identity is a secret, and even if they were made public, it would officially be under the Academy of Science. What a loss that would be!" Wang Ming spread his hands. "Also, if they were really made public, that green-eyed bunch would start badmouthing me behind my back again!"

"Mm." Wang Ling nodded as he agreed with Wang Ming.

Given Wang Ming's character, he had been unable to resist showing off in WeChat Moments in the past whenever he had invented something new. In the past few months, however, he had appeared a lot more subdued... Wang Ling felt that this could probably be credited to Zhai Yin's "training."

"There have actually been quite a few designs, but this is the latest one; it'll be able to store the unknown energy at those coordinates. This energy collector contains data on all known forms of energy, so it won't absorb those. In the case of multiple forms of unknown energy, the collector will be able to separate them inside."

"Awesome, big bro!"

Er Ha couldn't resist clapping its paws. "But how do you use this thing?"

Wang Ming: "Have you ever played Pokemon? Just use it like you would a Pokeball."

Wang Ling and Er Ha: "..."

"You want to go yourself?" Wang Ling lifted an eyebrow as he asked telepathically.

"How can I go myself... do you think I'm an idiot?!"

Wang Ming immediately waved his hands. "I indeed may have dreams of being a hero sometimes, but not to the point of courting death. The link between the Gate Between Worlds and the demon world is probably a chaotic space, right? If I go in, I'll immediately break down into Pop Rocks!"

As he spoke, Wang Ming slipped the round collector into Wang Ling's hand. "This is something you'll have to do."

"How long?" asked Wang Ling.

When he opened his mouth, Er Ha was nearly frightened to death.

What the hell! Little Master Ling actually spoke!

"The sooner the better, of course!"

Sitting on the bed with narrowed eyes and his arms folded, Wang Ming smiled at Wang Ling. "Actually, my main reason for coming this time was to hurry up and get this thing!"

Wang Ming had actually been very excited ever since he had detected this energy which could plausibly be Wang Ling's primordial qi. After years of research without any progress, he had now found a lead at long last. It was the kind of thrill that only a scientist would understand.

Besides, there was actually another important point.

Given the more frequent trips out which Wang Ming had been making recently, the people in the research institute now had something on him. A lot of them were now smarter, and rather than report him to Old Qi, they sent their reports directly to Jinghua city.

President Qi hence suggested that Wang Ming stop going out for a while, and Wang Ming had agreed for the sake of the overall situation.

He thus wouldn't be leaving the institute in the near future, so Wang Ming wanted to take advantage of the opportunity today to finish this matter.

"Okay, give me half an hour." Wang Ling nodded.

Hearing this, Er Ha was taken aback once again.

Damn! Little Master Ling had actually said a second sentence today!

Er Ha had a vague feeling that Wang Ling was going to break a record today!

But very quickly, Er Ha started muttering in its heart.

Half an hour?

Wasn't that space in the transmission link between the Gate Between Worlds and the demon world...?

Without the Gate, how was Wang Ling going to get there?

Seeing Wang Ling rise from his chair, Er Ha jumped off the desk.

One person and one dog went straight to the bedroom's ensuite.

At that point, Er Ha finally reacted... They had Lord Ma! Toilet Lord Ma!

They had used Lord Ma before to flush away two cultivators hired by Mo Immortal Castle who had tried to spy on the Wang family - who knew what space Lord Ma had flushed them away to.

"Lord Ma... has a transportation ability?" Er Ha was completely stupefied.

"You've been here for so long, you don't know?" Shrugging with the air of someone used to the unexpected, Wang Ming said, "If a space hasn't been specified, you'll be flushed out into some random place. If you specify a space, you can go anywhere. When you want to come back, just stamp your foot three times!"

Hearing this, Er Ha suddenly had a small thought.

It had in fact been looking for a way to enter the Gate Between Worlds. During this time, It had been painstakingly saving money to buy materials for setting up a teleportation array to return to its original clan. Only the generations of leaders of the Tuntian Ha clan knew about this array. However, trying to set up this teleportation array by just relying on the ten thousand HNY or so which it had swindled from Xiao Yin was actually far, far from enough...

At that very moment, Er Ha stared at the toilet with a huge sense of relief.

— It realized it could save money!





Chapter 517 Ling Zhenren Is Very Considerate


The truth was that Wang Ling was well aware of Er Ha's thoughts.

Why did Wang Ming know how to use Lord Ma, and in so much detail?

The reason was very simple...

It was actually because Wang Ling and Wang Ming these two brothers were colluding together.

When Wang Ming had just arrived at the villa earlier, Er Ha had still been lying outside, and Wang Ling had immediately communicated the ins and outs of the matter to Wang Ming telepathically.

Why did it have to be Wang Ming to give the explanation?

Because it would look more natural and Er Ha wouldn't be quick to become suspicious.

On top of that, Wang Ling had also asked Wang Ming beforehand to secretly hack Er Ha's account and check its recent online transactions. They had confirmed two things.

One: The money which Er Ha had obtained recently had indeed been swindled from Xiao Yin...

Two: They could tell from the materials Er Ha had purchased that this money was for completing a teleportation array. Wang Ling had never seen this array before, but it wasn't hard to figure out that this was a spell similar to a "Homecoming Array" since the array structure was pretty much the same, and roughly sixty to seventy percent of the same materials were required to set it up.

Most importantly, the money which Er Ha had was far from enough to complete this "Homecoming Array"; currently, it couldn't even buy three or four tenths of the materials required...

In addition, it was actually very risky for Er Ha to go back. Wang Ling had already modified its core so that it no longer used demon qi, but spirit energy. For one thing, using pure spirit energy to mobilize a demon clan's magic array might not work, and there was a pretty high possibility, moreover, that it might trigger a reverse chain reaction.

Therefore, to sum up, Wang Ling thought that the best and safest way for Er Ha to return to its clan was to use Lord Ma.

Moreover, he had already done something to Lord Ma so that the moment Er Ha was teleported, it would be boosted by a top-secret "Buff" which would ensure that Er Ha would return to its clan safely and without a hitch. Although Wang Ling didn't know exactly what was happening in the Tuntian Ha clan, his Buff would be more than enough to help Er Ha achieve the heights of its monstrous goals in the demon world...

...

Lord Ma usually lay dormant and had to be flushed awake in order to be used.

In fact, Er Ha didn't remember ever seeing Lord Ma completely transformed into a human before... Lord Ma was probably the only gremlin in the villa that didn't have a human form. When all the gremlins in the villa had gathered together before, Er Ha had heard Eraser and Pen say that water kept running out of Lord Ma's seven orifices in human form, which was too disgusting... Little Master Ling had thus later canceled this transformation.

So how was he supposed to use Lord Ma after rousing it?

Er Ha wondered if Lord Ma's voice would carry the sound of rich experience and a faint echo...

The toilet lid on Lord Ma's body lifted by itself and a voice came from inside: "I serve only the Supreme King 1 ..."

1(This is a line from the "Overlord" series which has become a meme..) Er Ha: "..." So damn chuuni!

Wang Ling also sweated a little at this voice.

When he had enlightened Lord Ma, he hadn't given it a personality. Because he wanted each gremlin to have their own character, Wang Ling had let them develop their own personalities after enlightening them.

And then, Lord Ma had become like this...

Transmission to the coordinates wasn't as complicated or as dirty as Er Ha had thought it would be... it wouldn't have to stick its head inside Lord Ma.

After Wang Ling recited the fixed coordinates, Er Ha saw Lord Ma emit a radiant light which wrapped around Little Master Ling.

Wang Ling glanced at Er Ha at his feet, and the light that was already wrapped around him instantly split off to envelop Er Ha as well.

"???" Er Ha completely hadn't expected Wang Ling to bring it along.

By the time Er Ha reacted, Wang Ming saw one person and one dog instantly vanish on the spot with something like a clap of thunder.

Why had Wang Ling brought Er Ha along?

Because you might have an adverse reaction after being transported by Lord Ma for the first time, which might make you puke.

So Wang Ling wanted Er Ha to get used to it beforehand.

Wang Ling felt that he was being very considerate of his family's Er Ha!

...

About a quarter of an hour ago...

The drab world which Evil Sword God had visited before, where the clouds were all dark gray, was like a newborn planet with unusual rocky terrain. There was no life here and the oxygen was very thin. This place had a completely different composition to Earth; even gravity was different here.

A red-haired young man in a black cloak stood alone in this dry and cracked land. He tilted his head to the sky with his eyes closed as he felt the faint ripples of this world. This was a planet which he had brought here from outside the Milky Way. It was completely bereft of life, without even a blade of grass or a flower.

Between the red-haired young man's eyebrows was a Daoist mark that resembled a flower. Upon closer look, it resembled the "yuan" character.

Standing in this land, the young man had reckoned that someone would be coming today and that the other party would be an Almighty.

After a while, his senses were hit by an astral wind as an intangible figure appeared in front of him; it looked like a wind spirit, and only the outline of its figure could be seen.

When this person spoke, it instantly caused millions of ripples throughout this world. "Zhenyuan... the human world is doomed to be annihilated; the savior you seek does not exist. You and I should join hands and go forth together; we can start a new life outside the Milky Way and become masters of creation!"

"Perhaps."

Immortal Zhenyuan opened his eyes and said slowly, "I've already done all I can to look for this person, and my search has proven fruitless so far. But what a pity that when I was about to give up recently, I did feel that it was possible that such a person does exist."

"Because someone forced the Gate Between Worlds shut the last time?" The wind spirit person waved his hand. "That was nothing more than a coincidence - perhaps something went wrong with the summoning array. The Gate Between Worlds is a world-defying magic weapon and can only be shut when all the True Immortals of Huaxiu join hands and release all their power. Their vitality also undoubtedly sustained heavy damage at the time."

The wind spirit person laughed. "You don't really think that the door was closed by a person, do you? If there had been any realm fluctuations in that world, both you and I would have felt it. And aside from the two of us, there are no other Venerated Immortals in the world..."

"You're right, maybe there aren't any other Venerated Immortals..."

The red-haired young man sighed. "But..."

In fact, he had always felt that there should an existence in this world that was more powerful than they were...

"After stepping into the Spirit Energy Information era, you and I have already proven that a Venerated Immortal is the pinnacle of cultivation," the wind spirit person mused.

"We're not familiar with each other, don't use 'you and I.' Other people will misunderstand."

The red-haired young man raised his head to look at the indistinct outline of the wind spirit person in front of him. "Sooner or later, I'll destroy you."

"Destroy me?" The wind spirit person's laugh was cruel and grim. "You and I share a common origin... Back then, in order to expel your inner demon, you abandoned me. If I kill myself or someone else kills me, your cultivation will be greatly impaired, unless you can kill me yourself... But you and I are evenly matched, there's no way I'll die."

"You demon spirit, can you kill yourself?"

Immortal Zhenyuan laughed. "I am already determined to wait in this place, to wait for the savior of the world; he will definitely be able to save it."

"Even if it's Brother Echo?" the wind spirit person sneered.

...

Meanwhile, in a holding cell in Songhai First Prison, Evil Sword God sans eyeshadow sneezed violently.





Chapter 518 I'm Just Passing Through...


At the thought of Evil Sword God, Immortal Zhenyuan felt a deep stab of pain, as if his IQ had been insulted.

And most crucially, this "Brother Echo" nickname was extremely devilish; it made Immortal Zhenyuan think of the "SpongeBob SquarePants" song despite himself, and each time he thought of it, he couldn't help the way his head and his legs started shaking involuntarily like that bunch of idiots doing the "socialshake" 1 - his immortal image would be utterly ruined!

1(The social shake was a Chinese dance craze in 2018 made popular by singer Xiao Quan's MV.) He had done a divination, and it had shown him that an Almighty would definitely descend to this world before long... So he had been waiting all this time, but it never occurred to him that before the Almighty could arrive, he would get a reckless fool instead.

"That man certainly has some strength, but he's completely not strong enough, is he?" Wind Spirit sneered. "I think I could stab him to death with just one finger..."

"A finger is a bit of an exaggeration... Brother Echo is still pretty strong, two fingers!" Immortal Zhenyuan had always been at odds with his inner demon, but he found that on this point, their views were surprisingly in accord.

If it weren't for the fact that he couldn't kill the innocent as he pleased, and because he was worried about messing up what the divination foretold and polluting the feng shui of this planet...

At that moment, Immortal Zhenyuan really wanted to just stab this person to death.

He sighed before he stared at his inner demon in front of him. "Are you here to stop me today?"

"I'm here to take you back; come with me, let's create a world together! You and I will be emperors!" Wind Spirit stared at him. "Zhenyuan, you can't wait much longer. Haven't you realized, my form is getting more and more distinct?"

Immortal Zhenyuan frowned deeply with a very heavy expression.

Of course he had noticed, and he knew that time was running out for him.

His inner demon was starting to materialize, and it was already almost sixty percent complete... forget a hundred percent, once it was ninety percent solid, he would already be powerless to stop it.

The backlash from a materialized inner demon would drain him thoroughly, and he wouldn't be able to do anything about it.

When that time came, they would truly then become one.

However, his soul would be forever enslaved by the inner demon, who would take his place and become the new master of this body.

And if that happened, the human world would suffer.

This world...

What a wonderful world...

Bilibili had just been listed 2 ...

2(Bilibili went public on the US stock exchange in March 2018.) Rem and Ram 3 were keeping him company...

3(Twin characters in the light novel "Re: Zero - Starting Life in Another World.") The nation's strength was growing with each passing day...

Immortal Zhenyuan still remembered watching a major documentary calledAmazing, My Country 4 a while ago...

4(Probably adapted from "Amazing China," which is a 2018 Chinese documentary on China's achievements in science, technology and industry.) He didn't want to "personally" destroy this beauty.

The red-haired youth felt that the stupidest decision he had ever made in his life was to separate this inner demon from his own body!

"Wind Spirit." Immortal Zhenyuan looked up; his eyelashes were very long and his eyes were like water reflecting the autumn light. "Let's be reasonable about this..."

Although the expression on this figure's face wasn't clear, the red-haired young man didn't need to see it at all as he could imagine the inner demon's crafty smile. As the inner demon had said, they had the same origin. Except for the fact that their personalities were different, everything else was like looking into a mirror.

The inner demon folded his arms and stared at Immortal Zhenyuan in amusement. "Oh? Reasonable?"

"Today, I will, annihilate you..." The instant he said this, Immortal Zhenyuan's entire figure directly disappeared in a flash. A white blade of light flew out from his fingers, like the Little Li Flying Dagger 5 .

5(This is the weapon of Li Xunhuan, the protagonist of the "Little Li Flying Dagger" novel series ..) "God Extermination Blade?"

This wasn't the name of a weapon, but the name of a spell.

Once it was sent out, it was tireless in annihilating gods...

A powerful aura instantly engulfed this world; it was a power even gods and devils would find difficult to withstand. This attack of pure spirit energy mixed with primordial qi from Immortal Zhenyuan's fingers didn't touch the ground, but just passing over it caused the earth to crack and create a massive, bottomless crevice, like the monstrous mouth of a cold abyss.

"You're afraid that if you use all your strength, you'll destroy this planet which you tried so hard to find..." Wind Spirit sneered in the face of this attack from the "God Extermination Blade.""It's just a grade nine spell, I can also do it..." Without the slightest sign of stress, a blade of light also flew out from Wind Spirit's fingers.

Use a "God Extermination Blade" to fight a "God Extermination Blade"!

But the difference was...

Wind Spirit's God Extermination Blade was black! Unlike Immortal Zhenyuan's pure blade, it was mixed with the blackest kind of dark power which petrified people when they saw it.

The two God Extermination Blades collided head on, splintering this dry and cracked land and creating more devastation than ever in their wake. The two energies tore into each other until they finally generated a massive energy explosion, like one caused by a meteor hitting the earth.

Immortal Zhenyuan narrowed his eyes and rose in the air to hover in the sky since there was no longer any ground for him to stand on; one step further and it was just a bottomless abyss.

After the dust had settled, Immortal Zhenyuan looked at the smoke before him and gently flapped his sleeves, dispersing it instantly.

He looked at Wind Spirit in front of him. "This God Extermination Blade is a spell I created not long ago... How can you cast it?"

"You've already removed me, but that doesn't mean you won't produce more inner demons... whatever inner demons you create will come to me. These demons also contain your memories, so I can do whatever you can do. Back then, and now." Wind Spirit hovered across from him in the air. "If you use all your power, you might still have a very slight chance of destroying me..."

Wind Spirit was poking fun at him; he knew that the red-haired young man in front of him wouldn't do it because the planet stored in this space was something he had found outside the Milky Way with much difficulty. Although it was very much smaller than Earth, it was currently the second most suitable planet for human cultivators to inhabit.

Once simple nomological laws were set up, and mountains and water were put in place...

And most important of all was that this small planet had an abundance of spirit qi.

Wind Spirit couldn't help laughing. "As long as you and I join hands and search carefully, there are planets in this vast space outside the Milky Way that are far more suitable to live on and where we can build an empire."

Immortal Zhenyuan was a little tired in his heart.

They were equal in strength, and even if they went all out, it might not necessarily end well.

Regardless of whether or not he could deal heavy damage to this inner demon, he would undoubtedly be wounded in battle, and once he was injured or in a weakened state, this demon spirit didn't need to wait until he was fully materialized before he could directly take over Immortal Zhenyuan's body.

At that moment, Immortal Zhenyuan was between a rock and a hard place.

Was it...

... all over?

Immortal Zhenyuan looked up, his cloak fluttering behind him despite the windless space.

But it was at that moment...

Almost at the same time, Immortal Zhenyuan and Wind Spirit felt the ground start to shake!

To be exact...

It was the whole planet that was shaking!

Then!

With a deep boom !

A golden ray of holy light suddenly fell straight on Wind Spirit's head...





Chapter 519 Ah! It's a Light!


The whole planet shook with a violent tremor, as if its core was turning over.

As soon as the fluctuations hit, both Immortal Zhenyuan and Wind Spirit instinctively sensed danger, but it wasn't life-threatening, so their expressions were quite calm.

Wind Spirit frowned as he gazed at the red-haired young man in front of him. He knew that it absolutely hadn't been this man who had caused the fluctuations. Besides, the man's expression had a faint trace of surprise in it, and it was very clear that he didn't know anything about these unusual energy fluctuations.

Was the planet about to be destroyed?

Wind Spirit subconsciously thought that this wasn't likely.

He basically had all of Zhenyuan's memories. In order to find this second planet suitable for cultivators to inhabit, Zhenyuan had spent a whole thousand years exploring countless planets beyond the Milky Way on his own before finally finding the one below them. Because this planet was dry and cracked all year round, and there wasn't the slightest bit of moisture to be found on it, Immortal Zhenyuan had named it Drought Star.

It had taken him a thousand years just to find this Drought Star... but he had yet to even see two tenths of the vast space outside the Milky Way.

Because he had had to consider the time it took for the return journey, Immortal Zhenyuan's planet-hopping trip had ended very quickly and he had only brought back a "Drought Star." Although the planet didn't have any water, this wasn't a big problem. The most important thing was that the planet's structure was stable and it had abundant spirit energy; that was what Immortal Zhenyuan cared about.

Therefore, the instant the Drought Star started shaking, Wind Spirit felt that his speculation didn't actually make sense.

But if it wasn't Zhenyuan producing the unusual energy fluctuations, who else could it be?

To be able to cause such fluctuations... this strength obviously surpassed True Immortal level...

But in the current world of human cultivators, he and Zhenyuan were the only two to have broken through to True Immortal level.

Numerous thoughts crowded Wind Spirit's mind in the two seconds after the planet started shaking.

Then, suddenly, his head felt very warm.

He looked up.

And was stunned to find...

Ah!

It was a ray of light!

...

Lord Ma's space transmission technique actually opened a passageway. From the Wang family's small villa, it took less than five seconds to reach the coordinates Wang Ling had specified. But in that five seconds, just as they were about to emerge from the passageway, Wang Ling sensed the presence of people in the space.

Furthermore, it was two completely different auras.

When he sensed the auras, they had just collided violently with each other, and Wang Ling immediately realized that a fight was probably happening in this space. Furthermore, it was very clear that neither of them were weak... Judging from the auras at least, Wang Ling felt that they were a lot more established than Evil Sword God.

Wang Ling hadn't thought that there would actually be someone here, so the second he was about to be transmitted to the site, he urgently cast a Great Void Spell on himself to make his entire body immaterial.

He didn't use this technique very much, because once the Great Void Spell was activated, it would only wear off on its own after twelve hours. Like the Great Fortune Spell, it was a major spell that couldn't be canceled halfway.

Actually, there were quite a number of spells among the Three Thousand Great Spells that couldn't be canceled halfway.

After all, these were the Three Thousand Great Spells, which modern cultivators referred to as the "Heavenly Dao."

If they could be used or canceled so casually, how disgraceful would that be for the Heavenly Dao?

So this trick wasn't something he used in his ordinary school life.

When the transmission light descended like a miracle, shining directly down on Wind Spirit's head...

Wind Spirit subconsciously shaded his eyes. Even though he hadn't completely materialized, he had his sight organ.

This light pierced his eyes...

In the distance, Immortal Zhenyuan also narrowed his eyes slightly as they stung from the light.

Both of them were shaken in their hearts almost simultaneously.

They actually could feel the prickling in their eyes, which wasn't normal to begin with.

At Venerated Immortal level, the Heavenly Eye would transform into the eyes of an immortal, and was called the Immortal Eye for short.

In terms of performance, the Immortal Eye was naturally far better than the Heavenly Eye; even Evil Sword God's "Purple Investigative Demon Eye" wasn't a fraction as good as the Immortal Eye.

Even so, they were dazzled by this golden light falling from the sky, to the point that Wind Spirit, who was closer to it, could feel his eyeballs burning in their sockets.

Wind Spirit grit his teeth; he almost lost control and cried out at the sensation of pain, something he had not felt in a very long time.

But the transmission light quickly dissipated, and when Wind Spirit opened his eyes once more, he suddenly saw a flash of green in front of him...

Then something fleshy hit him in the face!

The impact was so heavy he was actually unable to maintain his stance, and he was directly sent flying through the air!

...

The fuck?!

At the same time, Er Ha also cried out in its heart before a golden light propped it up.

This was Wang Ling's golden light shield, which in a battle in outer space, could act as a "flexible magic halo" and enable Er Ha to quickly adapt to the environment. When there was a change in gravity, it also allowed Er Ha to hover freely in the air.

Actually, Wang Ling would have cast this golden light shield on Er Ha no matter what kind of space this was.

Because during the five seconds they had been in the passageway, Wang Ling had sensed that the space was very dangerous.

Reality proved Wang Ling right when they descended for real.

The ground beneath their feet looked like it had been chewed up by a heavenly hound. A volatile gas had been released after the energy fluctuations had faded, and it smelled very similar to gunpowder smoke.

These were clear signs that a battle had been fought here.

Er Ha floated in the air on its four dog legs, feeling a little unused to it.

But very soon it calmed down, and it gazed at the ground below its dog paws, which looked like it had been blown up by a spirit bomb1.

1(A powerful attack from the Japanese cartoon series 'Dragon Ball.') By the by... had it hit something just now?

Because it had Little Master Ling's golden light shield on it, even if it had been a fierce strike, Er Ha hadn't felt the slightest bit of pain.

"A... dog?"

In the distance, Immortal Zhenyuan stared at the air... After the golden light dissipated, a green figure emerged, with a face full of bewilderment.

Why would a dog land here?

Also, it looked like a dog that couldn't change forms...

But the point was that it was covered in a faint golden sheen!

My god!

Could this be the fabled "golden light shield"?

Immortal Zhenyuan remembered that this was an Almighty halo that only a Sage Body could possess after comprehending three or more types of Heavenly Dao and condensing the power of the Heavenly Dao together.

Could it be...

Was this, this, this dog... the savior of the world???

Immortal Zhenyuan gaped wide enough to swallow an egg!





Chapter 520 Dog of Salvation


Although Immortal Zhenyuan clearly knew that this answer was a little too unrealistic, in the end, he was a person who had seen so much of the world, so he quickly regained his composure. There were too many bizarre things nowadays, and he had grown used to them.

In fact, whenever he had done the divination before, he had thought it was very strange, because the final result was always the letter "G"- until now, Immortal Zhenyuan had had no idea what on earth it meant.

At the very beginning, he had thought that it might be a surname.

But he very quickly rejected this answer.

Nowadays, when something happened in the entertainment circle, some people would reveal XXX about some teen idol "G"...

While the other party had at least given a hint, the letter "G" alone was too broad a hint!

When he saw Er Ha appear, Immortal Zhenyuan suddenly felt relieved.

It turned out...

The meaning of G here...

... Was "dog"1...

1(In pinyin for dog is 'gou.') At that moment, Immortal Zhenyuan suddenly felt that the principle "The greatest truths are the simplest" really did exist!

As the red-haired young man hovered in the air at a distance and looked at Er Ha with a deeply moved expression, Wang Ling, who was invisible, could clearly hear his thoughts.

Hm... G?

In fact, Wang Ling's first thought was that it was the first character in crispy noodle snacks2...

2('Gan cui mian' literally translates to 'dry and crispy noodles.') ...

In the air, Wang Ling watched the red-haired young man's every move. He hadn't expected this person to actually be the fabled Immortal Zhenyuan.

This was probably Wang Ling's first encounter with a Venerated Immortal expert.

He could clearly sense that this Immortal Zhenyuan and the person whom Er Ha had collided with and sent flying earlier both had the power of two Heavenly Dao.

Daoist Guang was absolutely correct. After reaching Venerated Immortal level, you could indeed obtain the additional power of the Heavenly Dao - how many you could open up depended on luck and talent.

This wasn't actually a new theory Daoist Guang was putting forward, but was something that had always existed.

However, as the concentration of spirit qi in the current world of cultivators decreased with each passing day, many experts believed that there were likely no longer any masters above True Immortal level in the world. Therefore, the idea that cultivators were able to comprehend the Heavenly Dao after stepping into the Venerated Immortal realm actually hadn't yet been confirmed.

Some extremists even thought that this Venerated Immortal realm didn't exist at all, and that the well-known "Immortal Zhenyuan" was just a legend.

But Wang Ling was now seeing this Immortal Zhenyuan in person, and so he could clarify some things.

Firstly, Immortal Zhenyuan was indeed a Venerated Immortal.

Secondly, you could indeed comprehend the Heavenly Dao after stepping into Venerated Immortal realm.

Thirdly, these two points actually had nothing much to do with Wang Ling.

Because to Wang Ling, two Heavenly Dao was nothing.

The Venerated Immortal level certainly gave off a different feeling than the True Immortal level. When Wang Ling had met General Yi and Secretary Dakang before, he hadn't felt the slightest hint of fear at all... But now, Wang Ling's heart was beating two times more per minute at the very least.

However, it was just two extra beats...

Wang Ling sighed in his heart, a little disappointed.

To be honest...

He felt that this Venerated Immortal realm was a little weak.

But Wang Ling still hadn't given up hope of finding the Immortal's Treasure House.

Although this immortal was somewhat weaker than he had imagined, he had at least lived for longer - who knew whether that treasure house had something that could restrain Wang Ling's primordial qi?

Wang Ling's head was lowered in thought.

"Senior Dog! Senior Dog!"

Just then, Immortal Zhenyuan flew over with an excited look on his face as he kept saying "Senior Dog"- at first, it sounded like he was cursing.

This action startled Er Ha a little.

But with Wang Ling around, it very quickly regained its composure.

Little Master Ling's qi surrounded Er Ha and it felt utterly at ease.

It knew that Wang Ling had already become invisible and was standing behind it. Furthermore, Er Ha was covered in the golden light shield, so there was no need to be nervous at all.

And now, Wang Ling was hinting that it should continue with the act...

Er Ha could only do as it was told.

"May I ask what is Senior Dog's name?" Immortal Zhenyuan was extremely deferential; from the look in his eyes, he already completely believed that Er Ha was the savior foretold by his divination.

Er Ha wasn't in a hurry to speak; since it had to put on an act, then it should play it to its fullest.

What genuine expert would engage in conversation so easily?

Er Ha didn't even turn its head; in front of this Venerated Immortal's warm greeting, it just swished its tail like a duster and struck an elegant pose.

When Wang Ling was immaterial, it wasn't just his entire being that became like nothing; even his aura was thoroughly concealed, and since not even Immortal Zhenyuan could sense it, this was already enough to show the disparity between them.

At that moment, Wang Ling stood behind Er Ha and quietly watched his Er Ha play the role of a "savior."

Wang Ling had already learned the rough situation from Immortal Zhenyuan through his Mind-Reading Ability, and had also imparted the information to Er Ha.

So Er Ha's expression was of someone who knew what was going on.

Seeing how this Senior Dog ignored him the whole time, the red-haired young man immediately felt embarrassed. Just as he opened his mouth to speak, Er Ha directly raised one paw and pointed at the abyss below them as it indicated that the young man should remain silent.

Immortal Zhenyuan was taken aback once again. "..."

The savior was truly the savior who actually knew everything!

He hadn't had to say anything!

...

In the next instant, there was a bright glimmer of light in the gloomy pit below them, and a black-colored blade swung out from inside the abyss.

"Senior, look out! This is the God Extermination Blade! It's a grade nine spell!" Immortal Zhenyuan called out in warning.

Er Ha feigned calm as it closed its eyes. After all, it would be fine to leave everything to Little Master Ling. For a grade nine spell like this, it wouldn't be able to see its trajectory at all!

So Er Ha might as well close its eyes!

Just grade nine...

Wang Ling's lips twitched.

Standing behind Er Ha as he faced the God Extermination Blade, Wang Ling flicked his finger and an intangible "air cannon" flew out from it.

This was the most basic grade ten spell — the single-finger air cannon.

In fact, there were also the two-finger, three-finger and the highest level four-finger air cannons, all of which Wang Ling could use.

But the two-finger air cannon was a grade eleven spell, the three-finger a grade twelve spell, and the four-finger a grade thirteen spell...

Because he had just arrived on this planet and didn't know much about its structure, Wang Ling was worried about causing excessive damage; it wouldn't be very polite to blow up the planet's core with his qi finger. In any case, Immortal Zhenyuan had traveled beyond the Milky Way for a thousand years before finding a planet fit for human habitation - it would be really bad if Wang Ling destroyed it.

When this "single-finger air cannon" shot straight out, Immortal Zhenyuan saw the black God Extermination Blade which Wind Spirit had sent out from inside the abyss directly swallowed up halfway before it could do any sort of harm!

When two spells collided with each other, there were only two outcomes: to explode or be swallowed up.

Since the energy was swallowed up, this proved that the concentration of energy in the single-finger air cannon was far denser than that in the God Extermination Blade!

Immortal Zhenyuan was instantly indescribably shaken!

Senior Dog's expression had been so disdainful in the face of the God Extermination Blade.

It actually closed its eyes!

Furthermore, it could actually release such a powerful strike without lifting a finger...

Immortal Zhenyuan was once again stunned. "..." Was this... the legendary Stand attack3?!

3(In the manga and anime series "Jojo's Bizarre Adventures," a Stand is a psychically generated entity which is viewed as a visual manifestation of a person's fighting spirit.)





Chapter 521 Immortal Zhenyuan's Three Views Are Refreshed


This air cannon was released from in front of Er Ha. From what Immortal Zhenyuan could see, this senior dog hadn't budged an inch. Shrouded in the golden light shield, it floated in the air with its eyes closed as it exuded an air similar to a supreme demon king.

Startled by this imposing bearing, the red-haired young man's thoughts were actually cut off at that moment.

When he had been quietly speculating on Er Ha's identity earlier, Immortal Zhenyuan had come up with several likely possibilities, based on his years of rich experience, but he hadn't dared confirm his guess.

Initially, he had thought that this senior dog was probably at peak Venerated Immortal level, but he had immediately discarded this idea after that air cannon.

Because he could already hear Wind Spirit's wretched shriek from inside the abyss.

He couldn't help sucking in a cold breath of air.

Wind Spirit was his inner demon and they shared the same origin; they were both at middle Venerated Immortal level.

Even if this senior dog had reached peak Venerated Immortal level, it shouldn't be able to make Wind Spirit release such a bitter cry with a mere air cannon.

This was far beyond the strength of a Venerated Immortal.

Immortal Zhenyuan was stupefied as he gazed at Er Ha, who still had its eyes closed, unperturbed.

Honestly speaking, this imposing manner intimidated him, and Immortal Zhenyuan felt that his three views had been refreshed.

Before meeting Er Ha, the red-haired young man had always thought that he had reached the ultimate realm among current cultivators; who could have thought that there actually really was a higher realm than Venerated Immortal.

To break through to the Venerated Immortal realm, one had to undergo the Samsara Spirit Tribulation, which consumed a tremendous amount of natural spirit energy. Looking at the current concentration of spirit energy in this age, what the scientists had said was indeed true: no one could cultivate to Venerated Immortal level, let alone to higher stages.

As for why Immortal Zhenyuan himself had been able to cultivate up to now, one reason was certainly because of his advanced cultivation skills, but actually, luck had also been a major factor — he had discovered an energy substitute with a higher density than spirit energy, and he had used this form of energy to get to this point.

It had been an extremely painful process compared with using spirit energy, and Immortal Zhenyuan had felt like dying when he had "installed" this new energy system in his body.

It was at this time when his inner demon, whom he now called "Wind Spirit," had been separated from his body.

...

Hit by Wang Ling's cannon, Wind Spirit was pushed several hundred meters deeper into the bottom of the abyss.

He was still alive and breathing, though one of his arms was broken.

Wind Spirit clenched his teeth and immediately used a healing spell to heal his injury, but it took a very long time!

Was this a "major damage" effect?

He had never expected this spell to have this sort of attribute, much less that it would be a dog to release this grade ten spell, which had effortlessly engulfed the God Elimination Blade.

This definitely wasn't the strength of a Venerated Immortal.

A Venerated Immortal couldn't deal very much damage to him, but that attack just now had almost killed him!

When Wind Spirit flew out of the abyss, battered and filthy, Immortal Zhenyuan was once again shaken by what he saw.

Wind Spirit had sustained heavy injuries; his mouth and nose were bleeding, and most crucially, his right arm had been directly blown apart by that attack!

Immaterial, Wang Ling stood behind Er Ha as he stared carefully at Wind Spirit in front of him. This energy being was a manifestation of Immortal Zhenyuan's inner demon, and it was gradually growing more and more substantial; it exuded an evil feeling, one that was far heavier than Evil Sword God's.

After all, both their strengths weren't at the same level.

Wang Ling hadn't instantly killed Wind Spirit in one strike and had instead held back. For one thing, it was his first time meeting a Venerated Immortal and he wanted to test the other party a little. However, he didn't want to expose his identity in front of Immortal Zhenyuan, so this inner demon was simply a golden opportunity for him to try some things out.

This was a type of energy being that had manifested into a spirit; it stood outside of the three realms and the five elements 1 ... It was something that shouldn't exist in this world, so Wang Ling wouldn't feel guilty if he truly destroyed it.

1(Basic tenets of Daoism..) After that friendly and easy probe just now, Wang Ling did find a difference between a Venerated Immortal and a True Immortal; he had sensed the primordial qi in the God Elimination Blade just now, though it was far weaker than his.

Why were Wang Ling's spells so destructive?

Because it was a mix of primordial qi and spirit energy.

As Wang Ming had guessed, Venerated Immortals had the primordial qi inside their bodies, though their spells still mainly relied on spirit energy as a medium.

If the medium was different, the spell's effect would also be completely different.

The atmosphere at that moment was exceptionally heavy, and Wang Ling had Er Ha keep its eyes shut to prevent their covers from being blown.

This Wind Spirit hadn't yet fully materialized and it was hard to make out his face, but Wang Ling could feel the other party's gaze brimming with resentment and his entire body radiating vicious hostility.

If Er Ha met this gaze head-on, its legs would definitely turn to jelly; Wang Ling had a customary term for this expression: the "Soft Legs Stare."

But Wang Ling was completely unaffected by this gaze. Essentially, this oppressive gaze was meant to arouse dread, but the issue was that the primordial qi inside Wang Ling's body could help him control his mood; he couldn't feel fear even if he wanted to.

So in a normal situation, just avoid eye contact and maintain a steady frame of mind.

Er Ha closed its eyes; since even its mind was covered in the golden light shield, there wasn't anything worth worrying about at all.

It wasn't long before Wind Spirit, who was cradling his broken arm as he hovered in the air, couldn't help clenching his teeth when he found that his Immortal Eye Oppression had no effect at all on this dog.

The main point was that this dog didn't even open it eyes!

A dog was actually looking down on him!

As Wind Spirit's hostility increased, Wang Ling sensed an abnormal spirit energy rolling about in the other party's body as his aura soared.

"Senior Dog, be careful, this Wind Spirit was formed from my inner demon and this hostile air will cause him to go berserk..." Immortal Zhenyuan warned.

To be honest, he hadn't seen Wind Spirit in such a fury for a long time. Previously, when Wind Spirit hadn't materialized to this level yet, Immortal Zhenyuan had had several chances to annihilate him, but each time at the critical moment, Wind Spirit would go berserk!

Wind Spirit's combat strength was extremely strong in this state... every time it came to this moment, Immortal Zhenyuan had had no choice but to avoid fighting him.

This was because Immortal Zhenyuan had to be mindful of one important thing in dealing with Wind Spirit — he couldn't take any heavy injuries, otherwise this inner demon could simply swallow him up.

"Watch out, Senior Dog!" the red-haired young man shouted.

At that moment, Wind Spirit had already launched his second round of attack!

He charged over!

He struck the golden light shield on Er Ha with one punch!

Then!

He was directly sent flying!

Immortal Zhenyuan: "Never mind, Senior Dog, pretend I didn't say anything..."

Er Ha: "..."





Chapter 522 Grade Twelve Spell


Wang Ling's protective golden light was so strong that even a Venerated immortal couldn't breach it.

Although Wind Spirit was blown back, he wasn't heavily injured. That had just been an experimental attack just now, to test how powerful the golden light shield was. In the end, not only was he sent flying, even his entire left arm turned numb!

"What an amazing golden light shield..." Wind Spirit marveled in his heart.

Good thing he had been smart enough not to go all out!

Otherwise, the backlash from the golden light shield would have given him a taste of his own medicine.

The energy inside Wind Spirit churned abnormally when he was in berserker mode, and black wisps started to coalesce and recreate the arm which Wang Ling had destroyed earlier.

Wang Ling wasn't the least bit surprised. If this person had had a human body, it would have been impossible for the arm Wang Ling had torn apart earlier to be restored, especially with the "major damage" effect on it.

However, Wind Spirit was essentially a highly dense, transformed energy being, so being able to use his dense energy to shape new limbs wasn't anything strange.

Rubbing his newly grown right arm, he gazed at the red-haired young man in the air and laughed coldly. "Zhenyuan, are all you human cultivators this cowardly? You actually need to rely on a dog to save you?"

"..."

The corners of Loopy Dog's eyes couldn't help twitching.

Bloody hell!

This guy was discriminating against animals!

"Don't talk about Senior Dog like that!" Immortal Zhenyuan shouted sternly in the air. "After entering the modern age, humans and spirit beasts hold fast to the principle of peaceful coexistence as reflected in the spirit beast contract, which is also based on equal cooperation. At the very least we're living things, but you're not!"

Wang Ling nodded his head and thought that this was quite frank.

Put simply: You're not human!

These words were absolutely correct, but they thoroughly infuriated Wind Spirit. "Don't forget who was the one who created me!"

He whistled sharply, and an enormous spirit wave surged up at the piercing sound. The violent turbulence kicked up dust, and the landscape changed into a raging storm.

Wang Ling looked up — Drought Star's sky was a bleak gray without a trace of light. There wasn't any water either, but at that moment, a huge and vast bank of rain clouds started to gather, and it looked like a rainstorm might happen at any moment.

A Venerated Immortal's mood could trigger unusual natural phenomena.

At that moment, Wang Ling came to a second realization.

It was a very small discovery, but it had to do with the concentration of the primordial qi that was produced in a Venerated Immortal's body.

Because Wang Ling's own primordial qi was so dense, it could directly cleanse his mind. Even with the talisman's suppression, when the concentration of the primordial qi was at what passed as a normal level for Wang Ling, he always had on a poker face and couldn't smile even if he wanted to.

With the talisman on, the primordial qi and spirit energy now each took up fifty percent of his body. If he wanted to express his emotions freely, Wang Ling would have to suppress his primordial qi until it was fifteen to twenty percent, according to Wang Ming's calculations.

Wang Ling remembered that the first version of the talisman seal which Wang Ming had created had been able to keep his primordial qi down at twenty five percent. However, its effectiveness had steadily declined over the years!

Immortal Zhenyuan was unable to refute Wind Spirit since it was true that he was the one who indeed had created Wind Spirit. It could be said that this Wind Spirit's mind harbored all the darkest parts of Immortal Zhenyuan's heart.

But be that as it may...

It was also a fact that this Wind Spirit wasn't a regular "living thing."

If they didn't eliminate him, he would definitely be a problem in the future.

But Wind Spirit didn't think this way; because the inner demon was a part of Immortal Zhenyuan that had broken off, it subconsciously believed that it was a human being...

So when he heard the red-haired young man's impassioned defense of "Senior Dog," Wind Spirit almost instantly flew into a rage.

Invisible, Wang Ling could clearly see streams of black air emerge from Wind Spirit's body to envelop him.

This was precisely the vicious tendencies produced by the inner demon: it contained arrogance, envy, fury, sloth, greed and lust.

To deal with these types of unclean things, the Great Purification Spell was usually Wang Ling's first choice.

But that wasn't possible today...

Because it had to be Immortal Zhenyuan to personally kill Wind Spirit himself; Wind Spirit had said before that if he killed himself or was killed by someone else, Immortal Zhenyuan's cultivation would be severely damaged.

So Wang Ling had to thrash the other party to the point of near death first before getting Immortal Zhenyuan to finish him off...

Behind Er Ha, Wang Ling was feeling a bit disgruntled: wasn't this just another familiar round of "grade control"?

What was the most difficult mark to get in an exam?

Sixty points, and the average score.

And in a showdown between cultivators...

The most difficult thing to do was to beat up the other party just shy of death...

...

Wind Spirit knew that the green-furred dog in front of him wasn't that simple. If he couldn't break through that golden light shield, a hand-to-hand battle would definitely be impossible.

He narrowed his eyes and decided to straightaway use his killer move and destroy everything here...

"Zhenyuan... I won't show you any mercy today."

A berserk Wind Spirit yelled at that moment, the sound hurtling out to shake the whole planet. The turbulent dark energy spun around him like a vortex, as if he was standing in the eye of a storm.

After a few seconds, the dark energy circling him actually began to solidify!

"He's actually absorbing it?" Immortal Zhenyuan stared blankly at this scene.

In his past few confrontations with Wind Spirit, it had been very hard to fight him in close quarters when he was in berserker mode.

Wind Spirit would twine all that dark energy around his fists to boost his strength, and then use his "Ripple Overdrive Technique1" to wipe the field...

1(A technique in the series "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure"; energy from a person's body manifests as ripples that can be used to attack or defend ..) But Immortal Zhenyuan was seeing this technique for the first time today; he had no idea what the other party was going to do.

After absorbing all the dark energy, Wind Spirit's body directly turned black in color.

Er Ha's eyes opened a crack, and it was hugely alarmed when it saw this completely black Wind Spirit — wasn't this like their Little Black?

Wind Spirit laughed sinisterly as he looked at Immortal Zhenyuan. "Zhenyuan, have you ever seen a grade twelve spell?"

Grade twelve?

Immortal Zhenyuan was stupefied; the most powerful killing move he could use right now was only grade eleven!

And this was a move that was enhanced by his two Heavenly Dao!

This was his trump card which he would never use unless it was a last resort — it was powerful enough to annihilate a planet!

"Grade twelve..." It was hard for Immortal Zhenyuan to imagine it.

Before long, Wang Ling noticed Wind Spirit's color turn back to normal from black, and a small sphere the size of a marble hovered above one fingertip; it was easy to miss unless you looked carefully.

Wind Spirit had absorbed all the dark energy from his berserker mode and condensed it into a small black sphere.

Although it was very small...

Although it didn't seem very powerful... this was precisely a misconception!





Chapter 523 Immortal Zhenyuan Makes a Very Important Decision!


A grade eleven spell was already a major lethal weapon that could annihilate planets - Immortal Zhenyuan couldn't imagine how powerful a grade twelve spell would be.

The main reason why he hadn't been able to subdue Wind Spirit and completely destroy him was because the dark energy would double Wind Spirit's strength when he was in berserker mode.

It was hard for Immortal Zhenyuan to defend himself in pure hand-to-hand combat when Wind Spirit was in this state, and he had narrowly missed being injured during some of their fights.

It had never occurred to the red-haired young man that the dark energy could be combined with a spell to double its strength!

Worse still, he had never seen the magic that Wind Spirit was using; he had no idea what was going to happen.

In the distance, the black magic sphere floated in Wind Spirit's palm. Although it was only the size of a glass marble, the red-haired young man frowned at the extremely terrifying energy inside it.

In the next moment, Wind Spirit moved. He flew higher in the air to look down on them, and the small black sphere that had been floating in his palm flew out into the sky!

He spread his arms. "Let the world feel pain."

Er Ha: "..."

Immortal Zhenyuan: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Somehow, Wang Ling felt that this scene was a little familiar, as if he had seen it somewhere before 1 ...

1(This is a quote by the character Nagato in the series "Naruto .. ") The instant this black magic sphere was absorbed by the dark sky, the thunderclouds that had gathered suddenly settled, and even wisps of air seemed to freeze in place.

In that moment, Immortal Zhenyuan gazed up at the sky with unseeing eyes.

He knew that this was the calm before the storm, and that there was enough power in this magic sphere to wipe out everything.

It was the first time the red-haired young man had encountered a grade twelve spell, and he was shaken by its demonic power. Although a grade eleven spell could destroy a planet, it wasn't powerful enough to seal off a planet's entire space.

Through his Immortal Eye, Immortal Zhenyuan could see that at that very moment, the entire Drought Star was like a sparrow trapped in a birdcage, covered in layer upon layer of dark energy that was gradually beginning to contract.

Wang Ling was also looking at this scene, but he didn't know exactly what this spell was called.

It was obvious, however, that this was a type of spell which could use energy to seal off a space, compress it from the outside, and then ultimately cause its core to blow up.

"The space has been sealed off - Senior Dog, there's no way out for us now!"

It had been so many years since the fear of death had taken hold of Immortal Zhenyuan, and his heart trembled violently. He had seen so much and encountered countless dangers, but none of them had struck him with a sense of terror as strong as this.

It had already been a very long time since he had felt this dread - it was a deathly sense of oppression that welled up from the depths of his soul which suffocated him a little.

"I call this technique Divine Planet Devastation."

Wind Spirit laughed darkly and a little savagely. "All of you will die today!"

After Wind Spirit said that, Wang Ling instantly felt his body grow heavier; under the dark energy's pull, the gravitational force on Drought Star increased!

"Is he pushing us toward the core?" Brow furrowed, Immortal Zhenyuan struggled to maintain his position and stop himself from dropping down.

In a few short seconds, the gravitational force had swiftly increased a dozen times over.

Immortal Zhenyuan couldn't help clenching his teeth as he struggled painfully to maintain his footing!

But at this rate, he would only be able to hold on for two more minutes at the most.

It was as Wind Spirit had said; Immortal Zhenyuan would undoubtedly die!

After struggling to brace himself for several dozen seconds, he felt his eyelids grow heavy, and it was very hard to keep his eyes open!

It seemed that this senior dog truly wasn't the savior of the world after all.

Immortal Zhenyuan couldn't help sighing.

At that moment, he turned to look at "Senior Dog" next to him. "Senior, I'm very happy to fight you!"

Wang Ling and Er Ha: "..."

Immortal Zhenyuan lamented in his heart: he had initially wanted to say something like "I'm very happy to have met you" or "It's been an honor to fight with you."

But he quickly realized something!

This senior dog hadn't budged an inch as it floated in the air, and there wasn't the slightest change in its dog expression!

The important point was that this senior dog's fur was still moving freely! It seemed that it was completely unaffected by the gravitational force!

Er Ha stretched out one paw to gently poke the red-haired young man next to it, and a ripple spread out from its claw!

Of course, it was actually the invisible Wang Ling who was casting this spell to restore the gravitational force back to normal!

No matter how powerful a grade twelve spell was, it couldn't rival a Heavenly Dao!

Er Ha had deep faith and couldn't be any clearer on how things stood.

Every single one of the Three Thousand Great Spells which his Little Master Ling had grasped was at level fifteen... How could a grade twelve spell compare with a Heavenly Dao?

"The gravity... is back to normal?" Immortal Zhenyuan sensed the unbelievable change as the pressure on him instantly vanished!

With his Immortal Eye, he could see that the sinister energy which enveloped Drought Star hadn't dissipated - this meant that the Divine Planet Devastation hadn't been dispelled!

The earth had cracked under the gravitational force, and massive pits opened up as the ground gradually collapsed.

Hm, it seemed that it was the gravitational force on Immortal Zhenyuan's own body that had been adjusted.

He sucked in a cold breath of air. In this large-scale AOE magic attack, the gravitational force on his body alone had been corrected - once again he was witnessing again how extraordinary this "Senior Dog" was!

He had actually even doubted this senior dog's true identity as the "savior of the world" just now... that had simply been foolish of him!

Immortal Zhenyuan stared at Er Ha with a face full of excitement.

At that moment, he made a very important decision!

If they were victorious in this battle, he would become a diehard dog lover! He would follow senior dog all the way to the apex of cultivation!

What was going on?

On the other side, Wind Spirit stared blankly at this scene and couldn't help cocking his head.

He carefully inspected his activated spell, but there was nothing wrong with it; the Divine Planet Devastation was operating normally. The space was still sealed off, and apart from the spellcaster, no one could escape.

The Divine Planet Devastation had made Drought Star's gravity several hundred times heavier.

Wind Spirit had wanted to see what kind of expressions this dog and Zhenyuan would wear when they were pulled down next to the planet's core by that tremendous gravitational force - he had never ever expected this dog to somehow free them of the gravitational effects.

How had it done it?

Wind Spirit's gaze grew heavy.

On the other side, Wang Ling was pretty much done analyzing the principle behind the Divine Planet Devastation.

It was more or less what he had thought earlier: despite the boost from Wind Spirit's dark energy, Heavenly Dao had to be integrated into the Divine Planet Devastation in order to create its explosive force.

After advancing to Venerated Immortal level, Immortal Zhenyuan might have comprehended two Heavenly Dao, but the crucial point was that he hadn't grasped their essence - this had been the same problem with Evil Sword God previously.

Since there were Heavenly Dao mixed into this spell, then it was easy.

Looking upward, Wang Ling searched out the black magic sphere that Wind Spirit had tossed into the air.

Then, he directly transmitted his voice to these two Heavenly Dao that had been mixed into the magic sphere: "Get lost!"

In the next moment... the clouds in the sky dispersed...

Everything was peaceful once more.





Chapter 524 Loopy Dog's Fanboy!


Afterward, the entire scene fell into silence for a very long time.

It was extremely quiet; Immortal Zhenyuan and his inner demon Wind Spirit looked up at the sky.

Because Er Ha and Little Master Ling were connected through the Mind-Reading Ability, Er Ha had clearly heard Wang Ling's telepathic transmission to the Heavenly Dao. If it wasn't because there were outsiders present, Er Ha didn't think it could have kept a straight face! His little master had directly driven the Heavenly Dao off by shouting at them.

What kind of operation was that?!

Invisible, Wang Ling let out a heavy sigh in his heart as he stared at the peaceful sky.

As expected, you needed to rely on yelling in battle...

Er Ha: "..." What damn yelling!

...

On the other side, Immortal Zhenyuan and the manifestation of his inner demon, Wind Spirit, were in identical poses and thinking the same thing.

Immortal Zhenyuan: "???"

Wind Spirit: "???"

Could someone tell them what had just happened?

After a moment, Wind Spirit couldn't help sucking in a sharp breath.

Fuck! His ultimate move had been broken!

No!

To be more precise, it was as if his ultimate move had directly disappeared!

It had happened too suddenly, and both Immortal Zhenyuan and his inner demon had been completely caught off guard.

Just a few seconds earlier, after the gravitational force on Immortal Zhenyuan had returned to normal, he had seen with his Immortal Eye that the "Divine Planet Devastation" spell was still active. There had been an impregnable seal around the entire Drought Star and even the ground had started to violently collapse.

But in a mere blink of an eye, all this abnormal phenomena had instantly disappeared.

When it happened, Immortal Zhenyuan had been observing the dark energy wrapped around Drought Star with his Immortal Eye.

He could be mistaken.

But the red-haired young man thought that this dark energy wrapped around Drought Star looked more like it had fled rather than disappeared.

As if it had encountered its natural predator or some primordial beast, it had instantly retreated.

So... did senior dog do this?

At that moment, the two of them involuntarily turned to look at Er Ha.

It was clearly senior dog!

They knew nothing about this "senior dog" that had shown up with a "golden light shield."

But the issue was... senior dog hadn't moved at all! Since appearing on the scene, it had just hovered in the air. No matter how their surroundings had changed, it had remained calm and composed from beginning to end as it stood with its eyes shut, as if it was a dog in the terracotta army... In the most unflappable manner possible, it had neutralized all of Wind Spirit's attacks.

That had been a grade twelve spell...

A grade eleven spell could already destroy a planet...

It went without saying how powerful a grade twelve spell would be!

If Wind Spirit's Divine Planet Devastation had prevailed, it wasn't just Drought Star, but the link between the human world and the demon world would also have been blown apart. In the worst case scenario, the force of the explosion could have directly blasted through the Gate Between Worlds and caused massive destruction to both worlds.

Although it wouldn't be to the point of complete annihilation, the consequences would still be unimaginable if it did happen.

At that moment, Immortal Zhenyuan was suddenly acutely aware of the gap between realms.

He thought he already stood at the top of the world after cultivating to Venerated Immortal level. But as expected, there was always someone else!

Immortal Zhenyuan speculated that this senior dog was at the very least a Sage Immortal, which was a level higher than a Venerated Immortal! According to rumor, a Sage Immortal Almighty had at least eighty-one Heavenly Dao in their body!

What was more, this was the basic requirement to become a sage.

You could only be called a Sage Immortal when you had eighty-one Heavenly Dao!

As Immortal Zhenyuan contemplated, he tried to guess how many Heavenly Dao senior dog had inside it.

To be able to neutralize the attack of a grade twelve spell so easily, senior dog had to have more than a hundred Heavenly Dao at the very least...

Thinking this, Immortal Zhenyuan couldn't help tsking non-stop in his heart.

He had never expected that a Sage Immortal would actually exist in the world today - this was a level more powerful than a Venerated Immortal.

How wide was the gap between a Venerated Immortal and a Sage Immortal?

Using the simplest example...

Immortal Zhenyuan could travel freely back and forth in and outside the Milky Way, and had even been able to bring a planet back with him.

However, a Sage Immortal master could create a planet!

A planet porter...

And a planet creator...

That was the difference.

To construct a planet, just learning to create a small world or a large world was far from enough; it also involved shaping the planet's core and padding it with a framework of nomological laws, and all of this required a mastery of multiple Heavenly Dao.

The red-haired young man felt that he was far from being capable of this!

Of course, you would never know how big the gap was if you never compared yourself with someone stronger!

To effortlessly undo a grade twelve spell without moving at all...

Perhaps this was what people called a big shot...

The red-haired young man was frustrated, but at the same time a fire had reignited in his heart.

It looked like from now on, he could only follow closely in senior dog's footsteps!

At that moment, the red-haired young man's eyes were already full of stars as he felt worshipful reverence for Er Ha. "Senior dog! Do you accept disciples?!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Er Ha: "..."

...

This scene made Wind Spirit grit his teeth fiercely on the other side in the air, and the dark energy in his heart started to roil again.

For some reason, when he saw how the red-haired young man looked at this dog, he felt uncontrollable fury in his heart!

"Why?!" Wind Spirit suddenly snarled!

Chest heaving, he gasped for breath as rage burned in his breast.

Wang Ling and Er Ha: "???"

He stared at the red-haired young man. "Why have you never shown me that?!"

Immortal Zhenyuan was taken aback. "...Why should I?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Er Ha couldn't help going "ehhh" in its heart.

Wind Spirit: "I was talking about your expression!"

Immortal Zhenyuan: "..."

To be honest, after seeing his grade twelve spell somehow neutralized by "senior dog," Wind Spirit already knew that he couldn't win this battle; that was already his most powerful move and also his final trump card.

Immortal Zhenyuan stared at Wind Spirit, and after a moment, he couldn't help giving a faint sigh. "Wind Spirit... are you jealous?"

Because Wind Spirit hadn't completely materialized, his features hadn't fully formed and only a rough profile could be seen.

Wind Spirit instantly clenched his jaw as if his sore spot had been hit.

Jealous?

"You're saying... I'm jealous? Why... would I be jealous? You were the one who created me... and now you're trying everything to destroy me." Wind Spirit lowered his head gloomily as he trembled all over. "So, I won't make it easy on you!"

Then, he struck once again!

He resolutely threw himself directly at Immortal Zhenyuan and tried to embrace him!

Invisible, Wang Ling suddenly sensed the unusual energy inside Wind Spirit's body gather in one frenzied instant.

Was he going to blow himself up?

Raising his hand, Wang Ling cast the "Great Suppression Spell," immobilizing Wind Spirit. At the same time, Wind Spirit could feel the turbulent energy inside him settle down once more.

It wasn't just his body; even his aura and realm instantly diminished!

At that moment, the red-haired young man stared blankly at the immobilized inner demon just a few meters away from him.

"Still not going to make a move?"

At that moment, Er Ha couldn't help speaking to prod Immortal Zhenyuan.

Now that Wind Spirit was completely suppressed and even his realm was diminished, this was the best chance for Immortal Zhenyuan to kill Wind Spirit himself.

Immortal Zhenyuan was pondering over what Wind Spirit had said.

"Sorry, Wind Spirit... you're something that shouldn't exist in this world." Immortal Zhenyuan stretched out one hand and rested it on Wind Spirit's head, as if he was petting him a little.

Wang Ling noticed at that moment that the red-haired young man was smiling at Wind Spirit.

Wind Spirit already couldn't help the tears that flowed from his eyes.

Bam !

In the next moment, there was the sound of an explosion from Immortal Zhenyuan's palm.

This "person" he had called "Wind Spirit" whom he had been entangled with for so long...

Was completely turned to ash.





Chapter 525 I'm Just Passing By...


This world was full of many types of helpless situations to begin with.

Before he had been able to completely eliminate Wind Spirit for good, Zhenyuan had hated "it" to the bone. This energy being was a manifestation of his inner demon; it had the same memories, the same abilities and even the same appearance after it had taken shape.

Wind Spirit was like a mirror which reflected the deepest, darkest parts of Immortal Zhenyuan's heart.

Everyone had a dark side; even those supreme cultivation masters and those righteous men who relied on their swords as they traveled the world had them.

Where there was light, there was darkness.

And there were places where even the light couldn't reach.

Deep in their hearts, the first reaction which people always had to dark things was to flee them. This was both the truest and least true versions of themselves... Thus, after the primordial qi had taken over Immortal Zhenyuan's system, his inner demon had evolved into Wind Spirit, and he had always been thinking of ways to get rid of it.

But now that Wind Spirit had truly been turned to ash, Immortal Zhenyuan was struck by a slight sense of loneliness.

It was a very bizarre feeling which was hard to describe.

But in the split second that he had destroyed Wind Spirit, the red-haired young man had felt a twinge of pain in his heart.

Invisible, Wang Ling pondered this scene at the same time.

While the inner demon had been eliminated, did this mean it had disappeared for good?

This was naturally impossible...

Inner demons would always exist, and there was no way to completely get rid of them.

There were many times when powerful cultivators who occupied high positions would choose to go into long-term seclusion, not so much to increase their realms but largely to actually stabilize their frame of mind and suppress their inner demons.

There was no end to what one desired; once a person stepped onto a new level, they would always want to break through to a higher one.

As a person matured on the path of cultivation, they would certainly encounter all kinds of things that could trigger the creation of "inner demons."

Immortal Zhenyuan's inner demon had been created by happenstance; it wasn't just because of the primordial qi system which Immortal Zhenyuan had incorporated into his body, thereby cleansing his thoughts - this was only one reason, while exactly why it had taken shape was as yet unknown.

But this was a warning for Wang Ling.

Did he have an inner demon?

He did...

It was just that the primordial qi currently controlled his mood.

If the primordial qi actually reached the limits of its control one day, Wang Ling's inner demon would come into being.

When that happened, the strongest act of courage a person could perform was to face their own darkness.

The most difficult thing to overcome was your limits.

If something like this inner demon "Wind Spirit" broke away from him in the future, Wang Ling wondered how he would deal with it...

...

After Wind Spirit's destruction, it actually wasn't just Immortal Zhenyuan, but Wang Ling and Er Ha were also lost in melancholy for a long time.

This was a very real and profound lesson; there were times when a battle could teach far deeper lessons than any textbook or classroom could.

There was a saying that experience was the best teacher.

This was also true of cultivation.

In today's society which was ruled by laws, the younger generation of cultivators like Wang Ling basically learned most of their knowledge from books. Apart from the compulsory "agricultural program," "military training" and "combat course" that schools had every year, there were very few opportunities for students to undergo genuine combat training.

Furthermore, in officially organized combat training, the biggest prerequisite was "safety."

But this was precisely the most head-scratching bit.

Not so long ago, the world of cultivators had been one in which heroes were birthed during troubled times. At the National Cultivators Congress every year, many delegates would propose increasing opportunities for combat training with tighter rules: as long as it didn't result in death, it would be fine even if there were serious injuries. This was because no matter how severe an injury was, modern cultivation technology and all kinds of elixirs could heal injuries without leaving any scars behind.

A lot of people felt that most of today's generation of cultivators were like flowers being grown in greenhouses.

While it was good that it was currently a peaceful era, who could guarantee that this would last forever?

Floating in the air, the red-haired young man had yet to drop his hand after killing Wind Spirit. Instead, he stared at the spot where Wind Spirit had disappeared, lost in deep thought.

During that time, Wang Ling had already used the energy collector to harvest the energy on Drought Star based on the coordinates specified previously, but he wasn't sure whether this abnormal energy was actually the primordial qi or some other unusual energy.

The air here, moreover, was too thin, and contained a mix of many other gases, so Wang Ling was unable to make a precise judgement; he could only wait for Wang Ming to do the comparison with his equipment to know for sure.

After Wang Ling was done harvesting, he noticed that the red-haired young man hovering in contemplation had plucked a red diamond-shaped crystal from the air.

Lost for words, the red-haired young man showed Er Ha the crystal and asked, "Senior Dog... do you have any idea what this is?"

It was not long after eliminating Wind Spirit that the red-haired young man had suddenly seen it; he had noticed glittering particles in the air gather together to gradually form this crystal.

The corners of Er Ha's mouth twitched. "Sage... Sage Stone?"

Wang Ling: "..." What damn Sage Stone!

This crystal looked a little familiar to him, and after searching his memory bank based on the crystal's structure, he found something called the "heart demon stone" which was very similar to this crystal.

He communicated telepathically with Er Ha, who in turn was responsible for conveying the message to Immortal Zhenyuan. "Do you know the heart demon stone?"

"Heart demon stone?" Immortal Zhenyuan was blank; previously, when he had been looking for a way to restrain Wind Spirit, he had looked up a lot of information on inner demons, and he felt like he had seen something about the "heart demon stone."

It was a pity that all the ancient texts he had flipped through didn't have any pictures at all!

He was now reminded of it.

Very quickly, the red-haired young man remembered something. "So this is the heart demon stone..."

This was the energy crystal obtained from destroying an inner demon; ninety percent of it was solid primordial qi and ten percent rare metal elements.

According to ancient texts, the heart demon stone could be used in cultivation! After defeating an inner demon, one could cultivate with the help of the stone. If you placed this stone in your mouth in battle, you could even directly increase the concentration of your primordial qi and in turn increase the strength of your spells.

The stone was very rare.

Furthermore, a lot of the things recorded in the ancient texts from the olden days, on the whole, couldn't be brought into the modern cultivation circle.

Immortal Zhenyuan heaved a sigh. This was his prize for getting rid of Wind Spirit, but for some reason he couldn't be happy.

At that moment, the red-haired young man suddenly turned to Er Ha. "By the way, Senior Dog, how did you get here?"

Er Ha avoided his gaze and didn't dare look the red-haired young man in the eye. "I was just passing by..." Bullshit! What was it going to say, that a toilet had flushed it out here?





Chapter 526 International True Immortal Convention


Er Ha's answer was actually pretty cryptic, but given his respect for "Senior Dog," the red-haired young man didn't think too much of it. At this realm level, it really was possible that traveling back and forth in space, the other party might have slipped and accidentally fallen into this world, and in the process saved it.

There were a lot of things in this world which couldn't be explained using common sense. Besides, Zhenyuan thought that big shots had a very unique way of thinking.

There had to be a special reason for why "Senior Dog" was able to cultivate to such a high realm.

On the other side, Wang Ling, who was still invisible, had already collected the data on the gas as briefed by Wang Ming, and was planning to get Er Ha to leave. Frankly speaking, Wang Ling was now deeply aware of how strong a Venerated Immortal was after this fight with Wind Spirit... and he was actually a little disappointed. He had thought that Venerated Immortals were very strong - unfortunately, this fighting strength wasn't anything to him.

Although Venerated Immortals could already start to grasp the use of "Heavenly Dao," their comprehension of "Dao" was still far from enough. To truly master a Heavenly Dao required a lot of effort in cultivating it. Furthermore, comprehending "Heavenly Dao" in fact depended on luck most of the time.

This was because every Heavenly Dao was comprised of several attributes, and the strongest attribute of them all was "omniscience." In all the Three Thousand Great Spells, the attribute which Wang Ling had mastered was the most advanced one.

So sometimes, even Wang Ling himself felt that he was a little too "strong."

Originally, he had intended to ask about the "Immortal's Treasure House," but after the battle, he had lost interest.

At that moment, Er Ha couldn't help asking the red-haired young man, "What are you going to do after this?"

This was something Er Ha was asking itself, not Wang Ling.

Holding the heart demon stone, Zhenyuan sighed. "I'll use this heart demon stone to restore Drought Star to its original state."

"You're really obsessed with finding a second planet." Er Ha smiled.

"No choice." The red-haired young man shrugged his shoulders, and while his reply seemed off-handed, he actually felt regret from the bottom of his heart. "Although it'll still be a long time before the spirit energy of heaven and earth is fully consumed, at the current rate the earth's environment is being exploited, the earth may perish even before the natural spirit energy is exhausted. Senior, you're probably clearer on this issue than I am, right?"

"Mm..."

Er Ha turned its head away, feeling a little awkward. "Of, of course..."

"Although every country has signed the 'International True Immortal Convention' to augment the protection of the earth's natural spirit energy, the damage to the environment is real," Immortal Zhenyuan said.

The "International True Immortal Convention" he was talking about was an agreement signed by countries around the world in which all True Immortal experts had put down their handprints as an oath. According to the convention, in order to prevent the excessive exploitation of the spirit energy of heaven and earth, all True Immortal experts were not allowed to use the "Samsara Spirit Tribulation" to advance to Venerated Immortal level.

For once thing, the Samsara Spirit Tribulation's consumption of natural spirit energy was too fierce. There was a real possibility that it could suck an entire region dry of spirit qi in the blink of an eye, resulting in a void of spirit qi and causing a great deal of it to be lost to the void.

Another thing was that none of the countries currently had leaders at Venerated Immortal level, so a True Immortal advancing to Venerated Immortal level would actually break the balance of power between countries. Thus, in order to realize long-lasting peace in the modern cultivation world, the "International True Immortal Convention" was born.

In truth, the Ten Founding Generals like General Yi, Marshal Jiang, Secretary Sun Dakang, President Qi and Director Shi actually all had ample resources for advancing to Venerated Immortal level, but these resources referred to materials other than "the spirit energy of heaven and earth." Only "the spirit energy of heaven and earth" was special since this was a naturally produced resource that, once used up, was difficult to sustain.

So there were two major areas of research in science right now.

The first was developing a new way to advance to Venerated Immortal level from True Immortal level that didn't require using the old "Samsara Spirit Tribulation" method, which consumed excessive amounts of natural spirit energy, and which would be one that wasn't too much of a burden on the natural environment.

The second was the possibility of developing an apparatus to replace natural spirit energy or to generate it.

These two research concerns sounded easy, but were in fact very difficult. Every six months, experts from the major world powers would meet together to study, share on and investigate these issues, but so far they had been unable to produce any practical plans; a lot of the theories put forward were fantastical and not feasible.

So under these conditions, there were in fact plenty of people who, like Immortal Zhenyuan, thought about developing a second planet.

Wang Ling actually knew something about this point from his science class in junior high school. That had been the first and only time that he had scored an unprecedented full one hundred marks in his life, but Father Wang hadn't rebuked him for it.

That was because Wang Ling's entire class at the time had also gotten full marks.

"So you created the Gate Between Worlds to hide this Drought Star which you found? Also, people say that all the times that the Gate Between Worlds descended to the human world was because you were testing improved versions of the Gate?" At this point, Er Ha asked a very crucial question, even though it hadn't needed to.

Immortal Zhenyuan started to sigh emotionally again at Er Ha's question. As expected, senior dog was senior dog; it even knew that he was the one who had invented the Gate Between Worlds!

"Senior, you misunderstand... When I invented the Gate Between Worlds, it was just purely meant to be a bridge between the demon world and the human cultivation world. As for the spirit energy of heaven and earth, I thought that through the connection, we could perhaps jointly discuss countermeasures with the demon world to come up with good solutions - I never expected the Gate Between Worlds to be taken advantage of."

Immortal Zhenyuan sighed. "When the Gate Between Worlds suddenly descended the last few times, it was Wind Spirit causing trouble. In the end, it turned into rumors that I was running performance tests on the Gate Between Worlds."

So this was the actual truth...

Both Wang Ling and Er Ha nodded inwardly.

Wang Ling could straightaway tell that Immortal Zhenyuan wasn't lying.

Conversely, it actually made sense, because given the sort of person Zhenyuan was, him summoning the Gate Between Worlds to destroy a city wasn't something he would do.

Before leaving, Er Ha sighed as it surveyed the level of destruction on Drought Star.

The battle just now had already destroyed one-sixth of the surface. One-sixth might look small, but Drought Star was an entire planet! Even if it was smaller than Earth, it was still a very vast area!

"Youngster, do your best." Er Ha addressed Zhenyuan like a sage elder before leaving.

In some respect, both Er Ha and Wang Ling actually had a good impression of Zhenyuan. Nowadays, there were too few people who chose to secretly and quietly work for the sake of humankind; although migrating to a second planet was a pretty extreme notion, Zhenyuan was at least committed to the sustainable development of mankind for the future.

"Senior, wait!"

At that moment, the red-haired young man yelled, "Senior Dog! Will we meet again?"

Er Ha turned its head. "Hm... we shall see..."

At that moment, Wang Ling had already stamped his foot. If he stamped three times, Lord Ma would take them back.

"Senior Dog! This is for you!"

Just then, the red-haired young man threw a jade pendant at Er Ha, who caught it firmly in its dog paws.

The instant Wang Ling saw this jade pendant, his eyes lit up.

Because it was none other than Immortal Zhenyuan's "immortal seal"...





Chapter 527 I Want to Learn From Senior Dog!


Wang Ling never thought that Immortal Zhenyuan would give away his "immortal seal" so easily... This was something that could only be created after reaching True Immortal level, and which represented the power of "faith." Usually, there were two types: a main seal or a minor seal. Generally speaking, a immortal seal was given to a follower or disciple, and by using it to pray at a critical moment, they could summon the owner of the seal.

Zhenyuan, however, didn't dare be so cocky. He had great respect for "senior dog," so he straightaway gave away his main seal; the biggest difference was that with the minor seal, the owner of the seal could decide whether to appear on the scene or not. But with the main seal, regardless of where the owner was or what he was doing, he would be directly transported to the scene as soon as he was summoned!

This was the main immortal seal belonging to a Venerated Immortal... Holding the immortal seal, Er Ha did its best to calm its turbulent emotions.

Immortal Zhenyuan was very courteous. "Senior Dog, please don't be so polite. You must take this immortal seal! It was thanks to senior that the world as well as this Drought Star which I found after a hard search was saved; junior is unable to return this favor. Senior Dog, keep this immortal seal for the time being, and when you're very busy, you can summon me at any time!"

"You... want to do odd jobs for me?" Er Ha was shocked.

The red-haired young man's answer, however, was simpler and more blunt than Er Ha could imagine. "No! I want to be senior's dog!"

Er Ha: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

Wang Ming waited in Wang Ling's room for a while. He sat cross-legged on Wang Ling's bed, feeling excited. After studying the primordial qi for so many years, there was progress at long last, which was fantastic news for him.

Before Wang Ling had gone off with the collector to harvest the energy, Wang Ming had actually already surmised that this unusual energy was undoubtedly "primordial qi," but he first needed the data after performing a comparison with Wang Ling's primordial qi before he could say for sure. Otherwise, if it wasn't... how shameful would that be for him, the strongest brain?

In the end, Wang Ling returned earlier than Wang Ming had expected; it really hadn't been half an hour when Lord Ma brought Wang Ling and Er Ha back.

Standing at the bathroom door, Wang Ming took a whiff and immediately asked, "Were you in a fight?"

Surprised, Er Ha looked up at him. "How did you know?"

"There's the scent of gunpowder smoke on you..." Wang Ming said. "When we perform experiments in our research, we always need to mix all kinds of reagents, so a sense of smell is very important. I may not be a cultivator, but I actually have an enhanced sense of smell; I have an internal chip that increases it several times over, and it's not necessarily any weaker than a cultivator's sense of smell."

"What level is it at?" Er Ha asked interestedly.

"The chip definitely needs to be upgraded in the future; at the moment, my sense of smell is just barely at the Nascent Soul stage," Wang Ming answered proudly.

"..."

Er Ha thought that this was already very awesome!

An ordinary person who could rely on a chip to upgrade his sense of smell to the Nascent Soul stage... this was truly unfathomable.

But very quickly, Er Ha suddenly realized a problem and looked at Wang Ming with a face full of amazement. "How are you able to see little master?" Wang Ling was invisible right now, after all! But Wang Ming had greeted Wang Ling normally as if he could see him! Furthermore, this immaterial state couldn't be canceled halfway and would only wear off after twelve hours!

So Er Ha was very suspicious as to why Wang Ming could see Wang Ling.

Wang Ming spread his hands and crouched down to rub Er Ha's head and sigh. "When you have been stared at with those dead fish eyes for a period of time, even if he's completely invisible next to you, you can in fact pick it up with your sixth sense..."

In truth, Wang Ming preferred to call this feeling the intuition of a brother-con...

Er Ha: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

In his immaterial state, whatever Wang Ling touched would also become invisible, including the collector in his hand, so he simply placed it directly on the table for Wang Ming to take himself.

"I'm taking this; when I have results, I'll look for you again later." Wang Ming sighed in his heart. When he went back this time, he would be locked up for a while given his promise to Old Qi, and he couldn't go back on his word.

The earliest he would be able to come here again would be in a month.

"Ling Ling?" After Wang Ming put away the collector, he guessed that Wang Ling was sitting in the chair at his desk. He stretched out one hand and sure enough, touched Wang Ling's soft hair.

In his immaterial state, Wang Ling was completely invisible. No scientific instrument, cultivation spell or eye technique could detect him, and even his aura disappeared completely. Nonetheless, he could still be touched despite this invisibility.

So when Wang Ming touched him, Wang Ling sweated inwardly. "..." Wang Ming could actually find him!

He suddenly wondered if Wang Ming had a pair of eyes that could see just him...

Er Ha looked at Wang Ming and couldn't help clicking its tongue. "You really are amazing..."

"It's nothing, I pretty much know all his habits. I may just be touching his hair now, but I can pinpoint and grab any other part of him." As he spoke, Wang Ming started moving his slender fingers.

Wang Ling's lips twitched. "..."

Er Ha started to sigh emotionally over Huaxiu's deep and profound culture in its heart. While it wasn't good at literature, it still knew something about rhetoric devices and textual analysis.

This word "grab" was used very well!

It was a precise word which profoundly depicted the inextricable and strong emotions between the two brothers! "Rising in slit but unsullied, washed in clear water with unaffected grace1"— while the word sounded very dirty... it actually had a dignified feeling to it!

1(From the well-known Chinese poem "On the Love of the Lotus..") "By the way, what kind of trouble did you run into over there?"

Wang Ming came back to the main topic — he wouldn't be able to come for the next month, so he only purely wanted to tease Wang Ling and then leave on a high note! When did he normally have this sort of opportunity to tease him up close?

Er Ha had nothing to hide, and it just directly explained the matter of Immortal Zhenyuan and Wind Spirit.

When he heard this, Wang Ming clicked his tongue in wonder. "So it turns out that this big shot Immortal Zhenyuan really does exist! I always thought he was made up!"

Er Ha nodded. "That's right, big brother, I was shocked too."

Wang Ming: "From what you said, the Wind Spirit which evolved out of Immortal Zhenyuan was also a Venerated Immortal; it wouldn't have been easy to deal with him, right? Why were the both of you able to come back in less than half an hour?"

Er Ha narrowed its eyes. "Big bro, have you ever played MOBA?"

Wang Ming: "Yes..."

Er Ha: "What one-sided match have you watched that would take more than thirty minutes?"

Wang Ming: "..."





Chapter 528 Plans to Catch President Bai


Zhai Yin had initially imposed a limit on Wang Ming's visit and dinner at the small villa this time and he couldn't stay for too long. While waiting for Wang Ling to use the collector to harvest the energy, Wang Ming actually ran out of time, but Zhai Yin hadn't come upstairs to nag him - this was all thanks to Mother Wang's divine assistance downstairs.

When two women were together, as long as there was an opening, they could unearth a lot of things to say on a particular topic. After all, before Mother Wang officially became a housewife, she had been Numinous Mother, an impressive novelist who had inadvertently taught two epic-level killers. Furthermore, she was very empathetic and personable; once she started on a particular topic, there was no way to stop her.

Zhai Yin didn't realize it was past time to leave until Wang Ming came downstairs.

Before she left, she and Mother Wang even added each other on WeChat.

This was Zhai Yin's private account which Wang Ming had also added (Zhai Yin had forced him to add her). Zhai Yin didn't have WeChat Moments. Apart from occasionally forwarding major official news announcements, she didn't have any private messages; especially since entering the research institute, she already hadn't posted anything in several months.

"Thank you, sis." Standing at the door, Zhai Yin gave Mother Wang a military salute.

"You're welcome. Come by whenever you're free." Mother Wang smiled. When Zhai Yin turned away in farewell, Mother Wang added, "I hope you succeed." Zhai Yin blushed when she heard this, while Wang Ming was left feeling very puzzled.

Zhai Yin usually wore a gloomy expression, but now her cheeks were flushed red. At that moment, Wang Ming felt that Zhai Yin was actually a little feminine...

Wang Ming usually joked about Zhai Yin's gender.

But to be honest... Zhai Yin was in fact quite beautiful. Long hair and short hair had their own attraction. Maybe it was because she had been in the army for too long, but Zhai Yin preferred to keep her hair short in a nondescript style; it wasn't as short as a buzzcut, but it wasn't as long as a woman's bob.

As they got into the car, Wang Ming actually heard Zhai Yin humming, and he was straightaway taken aback as he felt that Zhai Yin wasn't being herself today. "What were you talking about with my aunt downstairs? Why are you so cheerful?"

"Nothing, it was just a typical academic discussion."

Zhai Yin started the car and gripped the steering wheel, her face quickly returning to its typical cold expression.

Wang Ming: "About what?"

Zhai Yin said succinctly, "Men."

"..."

When he heard this, Wang Ming trembled. "Then... what did my aunt say?"

"Auntie and I discussed a lot of things and we agreed that the way to a man's heart is through his stomach." As she spoke, Zhai Yin couldn't help looking at Wang Ming out of the corner of her eye. "Just now I was talking with auntie about a 2.0 updated version of the dragon pork chop. I'll fry one for you after we return to the institute."

Wang Ming simply wanted to cry. "Big sis... I beg you, I still want to live a few more years to make contributions to the country..."

Zhai Yin pursed her lips. "Don't worry, I'll let Old Qi try it first before you eat it."

Wang Ming felt even more horrified. "Then forget it - big sis, you better reconsider!"

Zhai Yin: "???"

Wang Ming: "Murdering one of the Ten Founding Generals would be a great sin!"

Zhai Yin: "..."

...

It was July 16th on Sunday in the twelfth week of the semester.

Er Ha had gone out again that morning, but Wang Ling already knew about it since before leaving, Er Ha had let Wang Ling know this time that it was going to see Xiao Yin.

Wang Ling had no objections to Er Ha and Xiao Yin interacting with each other. Er Ha had few friends to begin with while Xiao Yin was new in town and a bit of a homebody. It was a good thing for the two of them to visit each other often. Moreover, when Er Ha went to see Xiao Yin this time, Wang Ling had Er Ha take the "spirit beast (holy beast) contract" with it for Xiao Yin.

Xiao Yin had been waiting a very long time for this contract. The midterm exams were almost over, with basically almost no papers left, so after Wang Ming and Zhai Yin left last night, Wang Ling had directly drafted out the contract.

This could be considered giving Xiao Yin peace of mind.

And after the official end of the midterm exams next week as well as once the district sports meet was over, there would be a long, idle period of time before the final exams.

Er Ha had barely left home when Wang Ling received a message from Lord Thunder.

He skimmed the contents of the message, which basically said that Lord Thunder and Xiao Yin's plan to look for President Bai last night... had failed.

There were a lot of reasons for this. Lord Thunder was guessing that there might have been something wrong with the connection, or rumors of some sort had been leaked beforehand. In short, Lord Thunder and Xiao Yin had made the trip in vain last night and had failed to draw that President Bai out.

Wang Ling stared at the message and sighed; as expected, it would be hard to deal with this cunning character.

The hardest people to deal with were the crafty ones. The old devil had been caught because of love, the Master of Immortal Mansion because of arrogance, and Evil Sword God because of his chuuni nature. But from what Wang Ling knew of these three people, none of them were as crafty as this President Bai.

Lord Thunder had the same opinion, and he quickly texted: Brother Ling, Brother Xiao Yin and I made the trip in vain last night. This person definitely caught wind of it beforehand, and it's going to be even harder to catch him now. While we don't have concrete evidence at the moment, Mr Lu's testimony is on the whole credible. If this President Bai truly is the lead figure who engineered the tragic extermination of the holy beasts back then, it's clear enough to see how meticulous this person is with his moves; he might even be several steps ahead of us.

Frowning, Wang Ling replied: Do you have any suggestions?

To be honest, Wang Ling couldn't think of a better way to handle this matter. Mr Lu's previous method for seeking out President Bai should have been the most straightforward way. Now that this plan had failed, President Bai presumably wouldn't show up so easily.

Lord Thunder nodded and replied: Yes! I have two ideas!

It was clear that after going back last night, Lord Thunder had pondered the problem for a long time.

He didn't have a high realm, but he had brains and the guts to court death! The point was that this "Great Death-Courting Senior" still had the Soul Suppression Ring which Wang Ling had given to him, so he was even more fearless in courting death now!

Wang Ling waited a few seconds as Lord Thunder quickly replied with his plans.

Lord Thunder's reply was as follows:

"The first way is to find the 'mysterious informant' from the forum. Based on this person's understanding of the Demon Hunters Association previously, I believe they must know quite a bit about President Bai. However, this person hid the address of their location and Little Black has no way of finding them. If Brother Ling can ask Senior Wang Ming for help, he might have a way...

Apart from that, the second way is to use Brother Xiao Yin a little as bait... According to Mr Lu, President Bai's Wuji Umbrella is a collection of the skins of forty-nine holy beasts, but it's lacking one final skin before it's completely finished. I already confirmed it with Mr Lu previously, and he verified that the last holy beast skin is that of the Silver Unicorn clan..."

When Wang Ling saw this second plan, he didn't need to think about it before he shook his head and answered firmly with two words: No way .

When Wang Ling had brought Xiao Yin back to live in the city back then, the agreement had been that he would protect this last holy beast and hide Xiao Yin's identity.

The reason was very simple. As Xiao Yin's "master," there was no way he would use Xiao Yin to lure out such a ruthless villain. Wang Ling felt that giving this type of insane person, whom they suspected of triggering the massacre and extinction of holy beasts, even one strand of Xiao Yin's hair was already too good for him...





Chapter 529 Dog Bapi and Scoundrel Silver


Wang Ling was already very clear on the fact that President Bai had to be apprehended.

As the main culprit behind the extinction of the holy beasts back then, Wang Ling felt that the phrase "too numerous to count" could already be used to describe this type of grave sin.

But tracking down and capturing President Bai had to first and foremost take into account Xiao Yin's protection. This didn't refer to just his safety, but also to information on him. Almost everyone already knew that holy beasts were extinct now, and apart from that lot who had participated in the Immortal Mansion operation, there wasn't a single outsider who knew of Xiao Yin's identity.

After coming back, those who had taken part in the Immortal Mansion incident had in unison chosen to keep quiet about it even in the group, and hadn't leaked any information at all.

So Xiao Yin's identity was absolutely safe for the moment; if they had to lure the president of the Demon Hunters Association out by revealing Xiao Yin's identity, Wang Ling felt that this would be missing the forest for the trees.

In truth, Lord Thunder had completely anticipated this reply, and he had actually already guessed that Wang Ling would respond in this way.

Ling Zhenren was a person who valued sentiment. While people tended to regard it as "fetters" a lot of times, from what Lord Thunder knew of Wang Ling, he had already known this plan wouldn't work when he had thought of it. So why had he mentioned it even when he knew it wouldn't do?

This was actually because of Xiao Yin's one-sided request.

Xiao Yin had been looking for an opportunity to show himself off for his master.

When Wang Ling texted a reply to reject this plan, Xiao Yin was next to Lord Thunder, and he picked at his snow white foot as he read the text.

It was very succinct and to the point, and was very much like Ling Zhenren's "unique demeanor."

It only contained two words, but Xiao Yin was still deeply touched. "I knew Master would definitely refuse!"

Lord Thunder was surprised. "Then why did you want me to ask?"

"It was a test!"

Xiao Yin was very pleased as he hugged himself. He then pulled out a stack of books from under his butt. Lord Thunder took a look at the covers: How To Make Your Master Love You More , 100 Ways To Catch A Man, and When A Masochist Meets A Sadist ...

The third book freaked Lord Thunder out. "The hell! Brother Xiao Yin... do you have a thing for Brother Ling?"

"No, how would I dare..."

Xiao Yin pulled his neck back in. "The third book was a gift. The title might look a little suggestive, but the book seems to be about proper specialized university subjects."

Lord Thunder: "What specialized subjects?"

"Look at this page."

Xiao Yin opened the book and pointed at the table of contents. "I was just reading 'The Study of Wax Play' in the last few days."

Lord Thunder's lips twitched. "..." Sure enough! Was he not reading enough? Or had it been too long since he'd graduated from university? He had two PhDs! But what was this study of wax play?! Why had he never heard of it?

"It's very detailed and it even has a profile on the creator of this field of study."

"Crea... creator?"

"Mm, his name's translated from English, it sounds like a foreigner. The English translation is: Clear Wax Dance 1 ."

1(The pinyin for this is a homonym for "Clearlove," which is the ID for Ming Kai, a jungler for the esports team EDward Gaming.) "..."

Suddenly, Lord Thunder felt old.

The online chat was still ongoing.

"In that case, we can only think of a way to find this informant. We'll also have to tighten security around Mr Lu." Lord Thunder typed swiftly as he put forward his series of plans.

Apart from finding the informant, Mr Lu's safety had now become very important since he was currently the only witness they had who could step forward to testify against President Bai.

If something happened to Mr Lu and they weren't able to capture President Bai, this really would be a case of dead men telling no tales.

Wang Ling sent a message back asking Lord Thunder to forward him the original link to the forum post; he would try asking Wang Ming to track down the informant. Little Black might have run out of options, but Wang Ming perhaps still had some other way.

Since they couldn't think of anything else for now, the only thing they could do was wait for Wang Ming to do a search and come back to them later with further information.

Before closing the chat window, Wang Ling told Lord Thunder that Er Ha would be at his house shortly to see Xiao Yin. Lord Thunder replied very politely, "Come to think of it, it seems that this will be Brother Dog's first time here, right? Don't worry, Brother Ling! I'll inform the security guards at the gate later to have them send a car and bring Brother Dog to my door!"

Wang Ling stared at the screen as he pondered for a long, long time. "..."

As expected, a luxury villa district was different!

It even had a shuttle car for visitors!

This was yet another classic case of a man being no better than a dog...

...

It really was Er Ha's first time visiting Lord Thunder's house. Xiao Yin had actually invited it over several times before (this guy already completely treated Lord Thunder's house like his own). Also, judging from Er Ha's online chat with Xiao Yin, the latter had discovered plenty of "little secrets" about Lord Thunder from staying at home the whole day.

Of course, Er Ha didn't know exactly what these secrets were since Xiao Yin was using them as leverage to get Lord Thunder to brush his hair in his animal form... Not only that, he even had Senior Immortal put in hair conditioner for him.

Lord Thunder already had beautiful black hair to begin with, and he used up roughly two bottles of conditioner at home each month, which was quite a lot. After Xiao Yin came to stay, hair conditioner had become another huge daily living expense for Lord Thunder.

The difference was that he used to buy them by the bottle before, but now he was buying them by the box...

However, Er Ha didn't think that Lord Thunder usually had any complaints. It seemed that he treated Xiao Yin like a younger brother. Although Xiao Yin was older than Thunder, he actually wasn't as mature in terms of mental development.

After all, this "Great Death-Courting Senior" was an old veteran who had already been acknowledged in existing circles. In fact, it wasn't too much for an inexperienced silver unicorn like Xiao Yin to address him as "senior"...

To tell the truth, Er Ha had initially thought that Lord Thunder would have a pretty hard life, but now that it thought about it, this guy seemed to be enjoying himself...

Keeping this type of scoundrel around who liked to make trouble really wasn't easy!

So Xiao Yin's online nickname for Er Ha was Dog Bapi 2 .

2(A reminder that Zhou Bapi is an antagonist in the story "The Chickens Make Noise at Midnight" who would stir the chickens in the henhouse so that the rooster would crow earlier than usual, forcing his laborers to get up earlier for work..) In return, Er Ha called Xiao Yin Scoundrel Silver.

A silver unicorn and a dog, happily mocking each other...

They were now both spirit beasts signed to the Wang family's small villa's "Ling Zhenren" under "Ling Zhenren's Crispy Noodle Snacks Studio"... The studio name was real and wasn't something that Er Ha had made up, since it was written in the spirit beast contract!





Chapter 530 Er Ha's Paranoia


The villa that Lord Thunder had bought in Wenxian Garden was in a luxury villa district populated by the wealthy and the respected. The villa Lord Thunder himself lived in was in the bungalow zone, and the house prices there were shocking. There were bungalow and townhouse zones in the villa district, and while the houses in the townhouse zone were actually more affordable, Lord Thunder had preferred to live alone to begin with.

But after living alone for a long time, it was unavoidable that he would sometimes feel a little lonely. Therefore, Xiao Yin's arrival had added some spice to Lord Thunder's life.

About an hour after leaving the Wang family's small villa, a light green figure appeared under the sun at the gate to Wenxian Garden villa estate.

This really was Er Ha's first time visiting Lord Thunder's place, but it had already gone out on its own several times before, after all, so it wouldn't get lost. Anyway, even if Er Ha couldn't find its way in Songhai city, it could give Zhuo Yi a call, and someone from a nearby branch office would immediately come to pick up this "lost green dog offorgiveness 1 ."

1(Related to green as the color of infidelity, and possibly forgiving a person for it.) But that was a last resort.

In fact, Zhuo Yi was quite busy these days; it could be said that he was deeply troubled by the Demon Hunters Association. In addition to that, they were still appraising the evidence related to the "big shots" that had been sent to Songhai First Prison, and the final verdict had yet to happen; it would be at least another six months before the actual trials.

But that didn't mean that Zhuo Yi would be idle in those six months. Not only had he been a participant in the major incidents that had happened previously, he had also directed the operations, so he had to personally approve all aspects of the process himself. Signing, stamping his seal, auditing - it was the same thing every round, and only after one round was over could he start on the next one.

In reality, it hadn't been long since Zhuo Yi had become Wang Ling's disciple, but it really wasn't easy for him to bear all this pressure.

Earlier at home, Wang Ling had already planned to prepare a birthday present for Wang Ming for August 1st, Army Day. In fact, he had also thought about getting a present for Zhuo Yi, which could be considered his first gift as a teacher to his disciple.

But Wang Ling hadn't decided exactly what to give him yet.

...

Er Ha waited for a while on the opposite side of the road from the entrance to Wenxian Garden villa estate. It had already sent Xiao Yin a text message asking him to pick it up. However, it had already been ten minutes and Xiao Yin still hadn't done anything.

This guy probably hadn't read the text...

Forget it...

The corners of Er Ha's eyes twitched as it decided to do things the old-fashioned way: pick an outer wall and climb over it.

But the security measures at the upscale Wenxian Garden villa estate were too good. After Er Ha jumped onto the outer wall, he patted the top with its dog paw and found that a transparent barrier had actually been set up, just like a glass dome. When Er Ha smacked it, it thumped loudly.

This hardness...

Could easily withstand a Soul Formation bombardment!

In the end, this was an upscale villa estate, and its security measures were airtight.

Er Ha walked along the barrier for several dozen meters and realized that the outer walls were all wrapped up in this barrier; not even a bird could fly through it... Wall invasion plan, failed!

At that moment, Er Ha took out its cell phone for a look, and saw that Xiao Yin still hadn't replied... It immediately despaired a little.

It had no other choice now but to try walking through the main entrance.

Sighing in its heart, Er Ha jumped off the outer wall and walked toward the main entrance again. But just as it got to the gate, it suddenly realized with a start that the guards there were looking at it strangely.

"Is this... the dog?

"Mm, seems like it..."

The two guards were speaking in low voices, but Er Ha could hear them extremely clearly.

Instantly, Er Ha's mind was filled with news of cases in which pet hunters had pretended to be familiar people before kidnapping spirit beasts. For example, there was a type of pet hunter that would pose as a security guard for a residential area and catch the unwary spirit beasts that wandered around in the area.

Was this... the Demon Hunters Association's revenge?

The moment it met the gazes of these security guards, Er Ha was almost instantly on the alert.

So it turned out that this group of people had been lying in wait for it here!

In a split second, Er Ha promptly thought about escaping — there was no guarantee that this "Demon Hunters Association" bunch wouldn't chase it down and intercept it on the street, so it was no use running outside. It had to look for help from someone it knew! Lord Thunder's house was in this villa estate, so it had to find Lord Thunder first!

At this thought, when Er Ha met the gazes of these security guards, it instantly raised its paw and pointed at the sky. "Look! A Playful Blue Moon 2 !" It didn't know if there was something too magical or charming about these words, but the security guards really did straightaway look in the direction it was pointing!

2(A Chinese RPG game.) Er Ha felt that this was a tried and true trick.

It had also used this move to deal with the "bone dragon man" group from the Demon Hunters Association the last time!

The moment the security guards turned their heads, Er Ha darted into the villa estate and ran...

When the guards turned back, the lyrics of a song suddenly came to mind.

Anticipating some luck and a shock... How miraculous is this encounter... Climbing over the mountaintop ahead and above the white clouds... The green light is overthere 3 .

3(From the song "Green Light" by Stefanie Sun.) Er Ha was way too fast!

It directly turned into a green ray of light right before the eyes of the guards...

Dazed, the head of security then hurriedly knocked the heads of the two guards together. "Why are you still spacing out! Hurry up and chase it! You must have scared it!"

...

Er Ha hadn't run very far when it noticed a group of security guards on segways and a car chasing it!

There were five of them! That was a pretty big lineup! And behind the five guards, there was actually a little sports car!

This wave stunned Er Ha... Was the Demon Hunters Association spending all their capital on capturing it?!

But actually, Er Ha thought that this group of people might not be from the Demon Hunters Association and might be pet hunters from some other organization. How much guts did these people have to make a move when the country was currently cracking down on the illegal trafficking of spirit beasts?

They were actually openly pursuing a dog of the people in an upscale villa estate in broad daylight...

Come to think of it, where was the villa's security?

Were they so poorly managed that they didn't even know that their security guards were fake?

As Er Ha ran, it cast a glance behind at the men chasing it.

Logically speaking, the less noise pet hunters made when capturing spirit beasts, the better. However, this group was so loud, as if they were afraid people wouldn't know what they were doing.

For some reason, Er Ha felt something wasn't right...

As it ran, moreover, it noticed that there seemed to be more and more people behind it. Some were on segways, and some were directly running.

Er Ha couldn't bear it any longer, and when it got to an intersection, it stopped and turned around to ask, "Why are you chasing me?"

The main point was... it wasn't carrying any Ji Zhi Syrup 4 !

4(This refers to a TV ad in which a leopard chases a woman down for the Ji Zhi Syrup she's holding ..) When they saw that Er Ha had stopped, the horde of security guards also all stopped chasing it...

They all yelled in their hearts in unison: Fuck! Finally stopped! This dog can really run!

After gasping for air, the team leader jogged over to stand in front of Er Ha and saluted. "May I ask, Mr Dog, are you here for Mr Thunder?"

Er Ha nodded weakly...

The team leader then opened the door of the sports car behind him. "We're here to pick you up!"

Er Ha: "..."





Chapter 531 When Can I Live With Master


Frankly speaking, this was actually a pretty big misunderstanding... but Er Ha didn't think it could be blamed for it! People staring at you with evil intentions the moment you entered - anyone would misunderstand! The most important thing was that when Er Ha ran, this bunch had been hot on its heels - it would have been weird if it hadn't run!

At that moment, it recalled a foreign prank show where a hundred people would be waiting around a street corner, and when a pedestrian crossed the street, they would straightaway rush out and chase the person. This was when instinct took over; although the person didn't know exactly what was going on, the first thing anyone would think of was to protect themselves!

When the little captain drove Er Ha to Lord Thunder's front door, Er Ha was still feeling very embarrassed; who would have thought it would encounter this sort of hiccup on its first visit here?

When it entered the villa, it saw the little captain pull Lord Thunder into one corner to give an account of what had happened earlier.

"Mr Thunder, your dog..."

"Oh, it isn't mine, it's my fellow brother's dog. It's a guest at my place today."

"I see..."

The little captain rubbed his head. "I think there's something mentally wrong with your brother's dog. When we were going to welcome it earlier, it looked like it got scared, and we chased it for a long time until we brought it over here."

"..."

Lord Thunder broke out in a sweat.

Actually, he himself hadn't thought things through properly. Because the furor from the recent Demon Hunters Association incident had yet to subside, Brother Dog might appear indifferent, but as long as it was outside, it actually would always be on high alert and would be suspicious of any unfamiliar gaze on it. If Lord Thunder had known earlier, he wouldn't have had those guards assemble such a huge team - he should have just asked them to give a greeting straightaway and let Er Ha in!

"Thanks for your trouble." Lord Thunder very courteously took out a pack of immortal spirit cigarettes. "Please share this with your fellow brothers later!"

These cigarettes were actually quite expensive and ordinary people couldn't afford them, but Lord Thunder didn't have a habit of smoking. However, the companies he collaborated with on the forum would give him cigarettes during festival season, so they had piled up at home. He wasn't in any rush to deal with them, so he simply used them as gifts for other people.

The little captain wasn't reserved at all as he grinned and directly accepted the cigarettes. "Thank you, Mr Thunder." This was actually a pretty common thing in an upscale villa estate - these cigarettes might be very expensive, but for the wealthy staying there, these were just equivalent to giving out a dozen or twenty tips.

Lord Thunder waved his hand. "It's nothing. If my friend's green-furred dog comes again, you can just let it through. It'll find my place itself."

"Very well, Mr Thunder."

The little captain nodded, then abruptly thought of something as he said, "Oh, by the way, Mr Thunder, the villa estate has a pet center which offers owners' pets free medical assistance and psychological counseling services."

"Mm..." Lord Thunder nodded. Of course he knew of this pet center!

But there was no way he could directly say that there was something mentally wrong with his brother's dog!

So Lord Thunder simply said, "You don't have to worry too much about this. Have you heard about the recent incident with the Demon Hunters Association? That's the reason why my brother's dog was so wary; it's just for these few days."

"So it's like that!"

The little captain immediately understood, and then sighed. "But Mr Thunder, I recommend that it would still be better for it to get psychological counseling. Sometimes it's not good to be so stressed!"

Lord Thunder didn't want to go on chatting with him since he knew the villa estate's pet center was running a campaign. Free medical treatment and consultations were good and all... but some of their special services weren't free! Like hair treatment, dyeing and perming.

In his experience, if he continued talking with this little captain, the topic would shift to "getting a VIP card."

And so, he could only politely and tactfully decline. "I should attend to my guest. Little captain, don't let me interrupt your work. Also, the pet center might not necessarily be able to do anything for Brother Dog's state of mind."

The little captain: "Why not?"

Lord Thunder made up an excuse. "It was bitten by a dog before!" He said it so earnestly that even he himself almost believed it!

The little captain: "..."

When he came back to his senses, Lord Thunder had already disappeared.

...

When Er Ha entered the villa, it noticed a hole in the floor...

It was Xiao Yin who had punched the floor open the last time Wang Ling was here. Instead of repairing it, Lord Thunder had just left it as it was, then embellished the rim of the hole slightly so that it was pleasing to the eye at least.

When Er Ha stuck its head inside for a look, it happened to see Xiao Yin sitting crossed-legged on the broccoli sofa in the basement! No wonder he hadn't seen the text message! On the coffee table in front of the sofa lay a crispy noodle snack packet which Little Master Ling had enchanted before.

Just as Er Ha jumped down through the hole, Xiao Yin exhaled in that moment and muttered to himself, "Mm... cultivation complete!"

So fast?

Er Ha was startled.

Xiao Yin laughed aloud. "Master's crispy noodle snack is really effective! I can feel how much more vigorous my spirit energy is!"

Saying that, Xiao Yin shook the crispy noodle snack on the table, which had already been tied up with a rubber band.

"I was planning to cultivate today, but when I heard you were coming to see me, I only had a mouthful - I never thought it would still take me so long to digest Master's crispy noodle snack!" Xiao Yin licked the powder off his fingers.

The corners of Er Ha's eyes twitched. "Why don't you just finish it in one go?"

Xiao Yin shook his head. "In one go? How can I? I have anime to watch tonight!"

Er Ha almost puked blood when it heard this. "..." This guy was already becoming a shut-in!

Xiao Yin counted on his fingers. "Think about it, every day I have to make the time to eat, watch anime, read manga and also research how to make Master like me eeeeeeven more! Finally, I still have to make time for Thunder to brush me, and now I have to make even more time to digest the crispy noodle snacks Master gave me in order to accelerate my cultivation! Aiya, there really isn't enough time!"

Er Ha: "How much money do you spend a month?"

Xiao Yin waved his hand. "Not much, not much, just a few million."

When he said this, Xiao Yin glanced at Er Ha. "By the way, when can I move to live with Master?"

"Live together? Forget it..."

Er Ha let out a sigh. "He can't afford you..."





Chapter 532 Xiao Yin's Takeout Delivery


Xiao Yin didn't believe a word Er Ha said; his first reaction was that this Er Ha had to be lying - making money at Master's level was too easy. How could he possibly be poor!

Xiao Yin in fact had mistakenly assumed this whole time that a modern cultivator's income level was based on their realm: the higher their realm, the higher their income. Thunder, for example, had yet to reach Itinerant Immortal level, but was already flush with cash and didn't blink at spending several million a month! How could Master lose out to him!

Seeing the suspicion written all over Xiao Yin's face, the corner of Er Ha's eye couldn't help twitching; it had known that this guy wouldn't believe it.

Actually, Little Master Ling was pretty miserly and frugal; he wasn't extravagant and he meticulously calculated his spending down to the penny. All of this was due to the values and views on spending which Father Wang and Mother Wang had instilled in him at a young age.

Boys should be raised to be thrifty; this was how Father Wang and Mother Wang educated Wang Ling when it came to money. Although Father Wang's revenue was high, he still only gave Wang Ling a fixed amount of pocket money each month so that Wang Ling would understand that making money wasn't easy. This was something most people wouldn't comprehend until they started working themselves.

This was particularly true of people like Wang Ling's peers; most of them might not come from money like Sun Rong's family, but at least they didn't have to worry about food or clothing nowadays, and until they got internships in university, they didn't have to worry about getting a job or making money. For most kids, these concerns seemed too far away, but time would fly by very quickly.

As parents, Father Wang and Mother Wang were unable to help Wang Ling control his primordial qi, but at least they had spared no effort in helping him establish his values as he matured.

It was very easy for a person to start thinking differently after obtaining absolute power. Father Wang wrote books and had seen plenty of these types of stories, while Mother Wang who had been a writer before was also very good at thinking up scenarios. The couple had previously wondered what would happen if Wang Ling turned into a chuuni devil...

When Wang Ling had been young, they had even dreamed several times of Wang Ling floating in the air as he roared at the swarm of human cultivators below him: Ants! Why should I, Wang Ling, explain myself to you?!

Mother Wang had shared this story with Er Ha when she had taken it out on a walk and stopped to get groceries on the way.

Every time Er Ha thought about this, it couldn't help the way the green fur all over its body shook.

But there was no way it would expose its Little Master Ling's shortcoming in front of Xiao Yin.

There was a very important condition attached to the spirit beast contract: no matter the situation, they should never tear their owners down! There were some things you might discern, but which you shouldn't talk about - Er Ha was very clear on this point.

Xiao Yin might not believe it now, but it was just a matter of time.

Heaving an inward sigh, Er Ha used its swallowing spell to regurgitate the spirit beast contract which little master had given to it to pass to Xiao Yin.

"Wow! Master wants to sign the contract with me!" The moment Xiao Yin saw it, he fairly jumped to his feet in excitement!

He picked Er Ha off the floor and hugged it, rubbing its head wildly and yelling, "You dog bapi! I never thought you'd be so reliable this time!"

"..."

Er Ha squinted and said helplessly, "Go easy... I've been shedding pretty badly recently. If you rub anymore, I'll go bald!"

Xiao Yin: "It's fine, it's fine! If you go bald, we can learn from Lord Island's livestream and form our own team and call ourselves Deyinse1."

1(This is adapted from Deyunshe or 'Deyun Club,' which is a Chinese comedy performance group. The 'yinse' used here means 'silver color.') Er Ha: "..."

Xiao Yin loosened his grip and put Er Ha down. "By the way, how do I sign the contract?"

Er Ha shook as it immediately realized that this was Xiao Yin's first time signing a contract and he thus didn't know the process... In fact, it had also been Er Ha's first time - it used to be a true blue demon king, after all! When would it ever have signed a spirit beast contract with a human before? Naturally, the same was true for Xiao Yin; as a holy beast, and very likely the only one left in the world today, he had an even more prestigious identity.

But there were some things you never forgot after doing it once.

Er Ha spoke on the side. "There are two copies of the contract, a thumbprint in blood is fine."

"Oh! That's easy!"

Xiao Yin straightaway bit his thumb open and deftly marked both copies.

The contract took effect immediately. Both copies turned into gold particles that then dispersed in front of Xiao Yin. When he came back to his senses, the contents of the contract had already appeared in his head.

Each word was vivid in his mind and like a brand on his soul.

Xiao Yin had signed the contract so fast that Er Ha was dumbstruck. "You put down your thumbprint just like that? Without looking at the contents of the agreement?"

Xiao Yin waved his hand. "What's there to look at in a Big Thigh Contract?"

Er Ha: "Big... Big Thigh Contract?"

Xiao Yin looked at Er Ha in surprise. "Didn't you sign the contract in order to hug a thigh2?"

2(A reminder that this means to curry favor with someone more powerful ..) Er Ha was silent: "..." It couldn't deny it!

After signing the contract, Xiao Yin closed his eyes and felt the link to Master take shape in the depths of his soul, as if they were bound together by an invisible thread.

In the eight thousand years that he had been alive, not a single day had gone by that Xiao Yin hadn't felt dread after the extinction of the holy beasts. This contract, however, gave him a sense of fulfilment and safety.

Xiao Yin tsked. "The contract feels very mystical! Even if Master isn't with me, it feels like I'm sleeping next to him!"

Er Ha: "..."

This was the first time Er Ha had heard such a description... but though it sounded crude, it did actually make sense!

Er Ha: "From now on, when you find yourself in a dangerous situation you can't handle, you can directly use the power of the contrat to call for Little Master Ling, understand?"

"Of course I do! The moment the contract was formed, I knew everything!" Hands on his waist, Xiao Yin laughed gleefully. "Hahaha... I don't have anything to be afraid of now no matter how reckless I am."

Er Ha: "You better behave yourself..."

After all, it wasn't like every Death-Courting Senior was called Lord Thunder...

After Er Ha and Xiao Yin talked for a bit in the basement, Lord Thunder's voice drifted down from the first floor. "Brother Dog? Why not stay for lunch?"

"Alright," replied Er Ha.

No prize for guessing what they would be eating...

First of all, lunch was bound to be Lord Thunder's favorite food, broccoli, and secondly, Xiao Yin would be getting takeout.

As expected, Lord Thunder quickly replied, "I have broccoli I just harvested. If Brother Dog doesn't like it, Brother Xiao Yin can share his takeout with you. We don't have dog food here, I hope you don't mind."

"It's fine, it's fine, Senior Immortal, you're too polite," said Er Ha.

After that, it turned to Xiao Yin. "What do you normally order to eat?"

Xiao Yin spread his hands and answered as if it was a matter of course, "Just from the shops nearby. I did a round of orders, the food actually tastes pretty good."

Roughly half an hour later, a truck drove into Wenxian Garden villa estate.

This entire truck...

...Was loaded with Xiao Yin's takeout!.





Chapter 533 Eat Your Fill So That You Have the Strength to Cultivate!


It already wasn't Xiao Yin's first time ordering a truckload of various takeouts. Hence, the security guards at the entrance to Wenxian Garden were very familiar with the licence plate and directly let the truck in.

Of course, this truck wasn't part of the shops' delivery service. It was Lord Thunder who had hired a third-party delivery company to collect the takeouts after Xiao Yin was done placing his orders. Like with public transport, it was a fixed route. Furthermore, the truck's container had been specially modified so that there was no need to worry that the takeouts would go cold, and they would stay warm until they were delivered.

When Er Ha followed Xiao Yin out to collect the food, it was struck by a spectacular scene which it had never seen before.

When the delivery truck stopped, the little brother driver immediately got out and ran to the back to open the container, where another little brother was sitting inside. Together, they started to unload the cargo - it was ten full boxes, all of it Xiao Yin's takeouts!

Er Ha's eyes twitched non-stop at this scene: "How much did you order..."

Xiao Yin shook his head. "Not much, not much. I've been on a diet recently and I'm eating less - half of what I usually eat!"

Er Ha sucked in a cold breath of air. "..." When it had been a demon king, it could also really eat! But its current body couldn't accommodate that much food at all. As a result, it was able to save money for now. But it was said that once spirit beasts had the power to take human forms, their appetites would basically be much, much bigger than before.

Honestly speaking, Er Ha was a little worried — it didn't cost too much to raise it now, but what would happen if Little Master Ling couldn't afford it in the future?

The two delivery little brothers unloaded the boxes with very practiced movements and handled them with care. On each box was written the third-party delivery company's brand name, "No Broth Spilled," the meaning being that they guaranteed not a single drop of soup would be spilled during the delivery. If it was, then the customer would be compensated ten times over! So the entire company's slogan was: "Broth not spilled, or we'll pay you back!"

Xiao Yin was already well acquainted with these two little brothers since they were the ones who had been delivering almost all the takeouts since Xiao Yin's arrival a few months ago.

After they finished unloading the truck, one of the little brothers started to go through the list of items with Xiao Yin, his face wreathed in smiles. "Hello, Mr Yin, thank you for using No Broth Spilled's delivery service. Please check your takeout orders: one hundred servings of stewed spirit feather chicken rice, two hundred soup dumplings, one thousand small octopus balls, one hundred bowls of hot and sour rice noodles, five hundred bowls of Tangsheng's best old duck soup, one hundred jin of devil fruits, and a ton of sea king seafood. The hot food is wrapped, and the space inside every box has been expanded. When Mr Yin is done eating, you can just leave the boxes and the rubbish by the entrance, and we'll send someone to retrieve them!"

"Thanks!" Xiao Yin smiled.

"You're welcome! See you tomorrow!" They bowed before getting into the truck and driving away.

With a wave of his hand, Xiao Yin put all the ten boxes into his storage space. The way he ate was box by box - in any case, the food wouldn't grow cold in the boxes.

Er Ha truly almost fell to its knees. "You usually eat all this, but none of it seems very healthy..."

"My main priority is to fill my belly - I don't care about nutrition." Xiao Yin gave a sigh. "Now, apart from Master's crispy noodle snacks, other tonics barely help me! I get hungry more easily after taking them, so I might as well not take them at all."

Er Ha couldn't deny this.

When all was said and done, Xiao Yin was a holy beast born and bred, and had a holy beast heart and holy beast blood. These were natural and divine self-healing panaceas which helped holy beasts recover from heavy injuries more quickly. It was also precisely because of their blood that holy beasts were extremely resistant to drugs. After the holy beasts became extinct, the incomparable panaceas that could cause them to enter the "abundant spirit energy" state also disappeared.

Xiao Yin had thus already given up on those panaceas on the market which claimed to be able to replenish spirit energy; they might be useful to human cultivators, but were of limited use to holy beasts. Eating these wouldn't boost his strength or make him full, so Xiao Yin might as well order takeout!

But seeing how much Xiao Yin had ordered, and this was only half the usual amount, Er Ha was overwhelmingly stunned. "I actually thought holy beasts didn't have an appetite for good food."

"What do you mean no appetite for good food?" It seemed that Xiao Yin took offense to this. "I need to eat my fill to have the strength to cultivate! Those old cultivators on those health programs who go on and on about fasting - that's all bullshit!"

Er Ha: "..."

...

Xiao Yin might have ordered a lot, but he ate very fast!

This was something Er Ha in fact refrained from doing; after all, its current body was that of an akita that had died, and akitas weren't spirit beasts to begin with.

Why was Er Ha capable of cultivation? This was completely due to its original soul as a demon king. The reason why it could cultivate to second class and cultivate the body of a normal dog into a spirit dog was to a great extent due to Little Master Ling helping it to modify the Demon King Heart Sutra.

Even if Er Ha's body was now that of a spirit dog, there were still all kinds of risks if it didn't take good care of it. Xiao Yin ate very fast; he opened the ten boxes and gave Er Ha a bit from each box before he gobbled up the food. In just half an hour, half the boxes were already almost empty!

"Eating too fast is not good for digestion! It's also easy to lose your figure!" Er Ha stabbed a small octopus ball with its claw to put in its mouth and chew slowly.

Xiao Yin swallowed and swiped at his mouth with a wet wipe. "It's fine, I don't gain weight no matter how much I eat."

Er Ha: "..." These were words that drew hate!

Xiao Yin had ordered a lot for his lunch, but only took an hour to finish everything! After that, he lay on the broccoli sofa and picked his teeth leisurely.

Er Ha glanced at this guy's belly, which was still as flat as before, as if he hadn't eaten anything, and couldn't help sighing. What were the stomachs of holy beasts made of?!

Er Ha: "Why do I feel like you didn't eat anything..."

Xiao Yin nodded his head slightly. "Like I said, I only ordered half the amount today, and I also gave you some. I'm barely half full..."

Er Ha: "..." Half full, what the fuck!

After eating and drinking his fill, Xiao Yin finally came to the matter at hand. "By the way, why were you looking for me today?"

Er Ha opened its mouth and regurgitated the Bone King which it had gotten from Wei Zhi. Wei Zhi had won it from the vice president of the Pet Trainers Guild, Crying Old Immortal, and when he had given it to Er Ha, it had smelled the scent of holy beast blood on it.

So Er Ha had come here today for Xiao Yin's help in finding out the bone's origin.

"This is..."

The moment Xiao Yin saw the bone, he couldn't help swallowing his saliva. "It looks very tasty... Do you want to make a soup with it?"

Er Ha: "..." There was no saving this glutton...





Chapter 534 The Bone King's Origin


Because he was only half full after he was done eating, all Xiao Yin was thinking about was food. Losing weight was the damn biggest pain in the ass! When he thought about how the next time he could eat was at noon tomorrow, he suddenly felt that it was such a long time away! Furthermore, he was growing tired of eating the stuff from the nearby shops; he had to try and find some new ones!

So when he saw Er Ha take out what looked like a perfect, snow white bone, he subconsciously licked his lips. For some reason, he felt that this bone would taste good!

"What a pity..." Looking at the bone in Er Ha's paw from a distance, Xiao Yin shook his head.

Er Ha: "What's a pity?"

Xiao Yin: "It's a pity it's broken; some of the bone marrow was lost when the joint was deformed after the bone broke hard... otherwise it would be so nice to stick a straw into it when it's in a stew and suck the marrow out." When Xiao Yin saw that the bone was broken, he instantly lost interest.

Er Ha couldn't take this guy any longer; it simply pushed the bone to rest next to Xiao Yin's feet. "Smell it again carefully!"

"What can there be on a broken bone..."

Even as he said that, he still obeyed Er Ha's instruction to take a whiff.

But before his nose got any closer, his pupils suddenly shrank and his expression turned serious. "Holy beast blood? Where did you get this thing?!"

Seeing Xiao Yin's reaction, Er Ha immediately felt greatly reassured. At least this proved that he hadn't smelled wrong: this was the bone of a holy beast. For one thing, Xiao Yin was a holy beast himself and so was more sensitive to holy beast blood than Er Ha was.

As it was, Er Ha had to come right up to the bone to catch a faint scent while Xiao Yin could detect it with a casual sniff.

Of course, if Xiao Yin was too far away from the bone, he still wouldn't be able to smell it. That was because this bone had been cleaned and was covered in the smell of the saliva of the Fenrir that was being raised by Crying Old Immortal.

"A friend gave it to me, his surname is Wei. He's a pet trainer," Er Ha answered honestly.

"That guy!" Xiao Yin remembered that Thunder had mentioned this person before. Furthermore, this guy had actually teamed up with Er Ha online in the game yesterday.

"Why did he give this to you? Where did he get it?"

Er Ha: "Actually, this bone isn't his; he got it when the vice president of the Pet Trainers Guild lost to him in a bet. This bone has a name, and is called Bone King. It was that vice president who picked it up on his travels."

Xiao Yin: "So it's like that..."

After Er Ha finished speaking, it stared at Xiao Yin. "Can you tell where this bone came from?"

A moment later, Xiao Yin reached out one hand to rap on the bone, and two crisp knocks could be heard. The sound was different from rapping on normal bone — it actually sounded a little melodic!

"Em..."

Cupping his chin, Xiao Yin stared at the bone and said in a low voice, "Based solely on its luster and how hard it is, this bone probably belonged to a land animal from a holy beast clan; I'm certain this clan is averse to water. If it had been in water the whole time, the bone wouldn't make such a crisp sound. It's obvious that this clan likes basking in the sun... Based on this assumption, we can actually exclude quite a number of them already."

Er Ha had never expected Xiao Yin to actually be so good at this. Indeed, many holy beast clans could already be excluded: lived on land, disliked water and liked to bask in the sun...

While Xiao Yin was pondering this, Er Ha was also thinking about the matter. Although it already had a hunch, it didn't directly say it out loud for fear of breaking Xiao Yin's train of thought.

After a few minutes, Xiao Yin furrowed his brow, and golden light shone from his eyes.

This was the Holy Eye which was unique to holy beasts, different to the Heavenly Eye of ordinary cultivators as well as to Immortal Zhenyuan's Immortal Eye.

An ordinary cultivator's Heavenly Eye could eliminate what was false and retain what was true as well as see through all kinds of illusions. With every advance in realm, the Heavenly Eye likewise also gradually became more powerful.

Above the Heavenly Eye was the Immortal Eye, which was something the cultivators of today could achieve through cultivation. The Immortal Eye evolved out of the Heavenly Eye; not only could it do what the Heavenly Eye did, it could even take control of a situation by creating an illusion or even manipulating a meteorite. This was the real strength of a genuine True Immortal.

Apart from these, there were plenty of other types of unusual eyes in the cultivation world, like Evil Sword God's "Purple Investigative Demon Eye."

Their uses and effects were different, and only cultivators had them. For instance, the Purple Investigative Demon Eye could "see the far end of the world"; it could rip space apart and cover thousands of miles, letting the wielder travel as they pleased.

But most people with unusual eyes would then be reduced to becoming prey; there were countless cases of these people becoming the targets of Almightys, who would forcibly pluck their eyes out.

Unlike the three types of aforementioned unusual eyes which human cultivators had, Xiao Yin's Holy Eye couldn't be inherited by cultivators. It had a name that resounded, and was called "Battle Eye." Its biggest use was its perception ability, which could detect all kinds of weaknesses.

Actually, Wang Ling's eyes were quite extraordinary.

Although he usually liked to call his own eyes the Heavenly Eye, it was much more terrifying than the Immortal Eye. Every time he opened his "Heavenly Eye," his pupils would transform into golden three-petaled flowers... Er Ha had already seen this scene countless times.

How was this the Heavenly Eye...

This was the King Eye!

It had all the abilities mentioned above.

Xiao Yin didn't use the golden light on the Bone King for long before he shut down his Holy Eye.

"How was it?" asked Er Ha.

Xiao Yin nodded his head. "Mm! With the Holy Eye, I could see that this bone is extremely dense! But that's only in comparison with a spirit beast. From a holy beast's point of view, the owner would have shown signs of a lower density in their bones..."

Er Ha: "Can you explain it in plain terms..."

Xiao Yin: "As people call it: osteoporosis."

Er Ha: "So can you guess who this bone belonged to...?"

"Not at the moment."

Xiao Yin shook his head: "The most I can say right now is that you picked up a gem."

Er Ha: "???"

Xiao Yin: "This holy beast bone, which has slight osteoporosis, is the type that definitely belongs to a beast king, so it undoubtedly came from a holy beast king."

Er Ha: "The hell?!"

"As for exactly who it was, I'll need to study it a little more. Since it's already broken, I can extract a sample to do a comparison..." Speaking up to this point, Xiao Yin couldn't help cupping his hands around this bone.

This time, he raised it to his nose and smelled it attentively.

Then he gave it back to Er Ha. "Alright, you can take the bone back - I already know who it's from."

Confusion was written all over Er Ha's face. "???"

Xiao Yin: "After a closer whiff, I noticed there isn't just the smell of holy beast blood on this bone - there's also the smell of spicy hot pot!"

"..."

"So this bone, without doubt, belonged to Dog Saint."

"..."





Chapter 535 The Bone King's Use


Xiao Yin was very serious when he said this and Er Ha sensed that this wasn't a joke at all - putting all the aforementioned points together, it seemed that this Bone King was a complete match to Dog Saint.

Actually, this explained why that Crying Old Immortal's Fenrir liked this bone so much. It was a western devil beast, but in the end it was still a dog... It would be strange if it didn't get excited over a bone from Dog Saint.

Er Ha thus didn't doubt Xiao Yin's words at all. After all, when Dog Saint was eaten, Xiao Yin had been hiding in the Holy Dog clan's depository of Buddhist texts. On one hand, he had watched as Dog Saint was turned into a spicy hot pot, and on behalf of all dog lovers, had strongly condemned and protested this act in his heart. On the other hand, he had also been drooling...

After the tragic extinction of holy beasts, there had already stopped being news on them for a very long time. Over the years, plenty of cultivators traveling the world had picked up quite a number of bone fragments suspected to belong to holy beasts, but these were stored away in museums.

As for why such a large Bone King had escaped this fate, Er Ha thought that it was probably due to all kinds of coincidences.

Er Ha guessed that the Bone King had the smell of spicy hot pot on it to begin with, which masked the scent of holy beast blood, so when Crying Old Immortal found it, he hadn't realized that it was the bone of a holy beast. In order to get rid of the smell of hot pot, he had washed the entire bone.

Then, after Crying Old Immortal brought the Bone King home, Fenrir had claimed it for its own for a long time. Covered in Fenrir's scent, the Bone King unexpectedly escaped notice... If Wei Zhi hadn't given it to Er Ha, the world would have completely overlooked this bone from Dog Saint.

For a moment, Er Ha stared at the bone, lost in deep thought.

Was all of this fate?

Xiao Yin and Er Ha stared at the snow white Bone King in front of them and didn't talk for a long while.

The atmosphere felt heavy to Er Ha.

But it was understandable, since it had been a long time since there had been any news on holy beasts. Now, after much difficulty, they had uncovered President Bai, the primary suspect in the previous massacre of the holy beasts. However, he was too cunning, and so far they had been unable to track down his whereabouts.

Er Ha thought that Xiao Yin was definitely hurting right now.

While there were many types of holy beasts, the Holy Dog clan and the Silver Unicorn clan had actually had a very good relationship, otherwise Xiao Yin wouldn't have been able to go through the works in the Dog clan's depository of Buddhist texts.

Thus, when Er Ha saw Xiao Yin stare at this bone lost in thought, a disappointed and frustrated expression on his face, it couldn't help reaching out to pat his shoulder. "The dead are gone, there's no use crying over them."

It didn't know how to console him.

After all, it was a dog of forgiveness, not a dog of comfort!

"You don't need to console me; I'm not that sad, and it already happened a long time ago..." Xiao Yin folded his arms as he said, "My biggest wish now is to first cultivate well with Master, and secondly, to catch that rumor-monger President Bai as soon as possible in the name of justice for our holy beast race."

"Mm!"

Er Ha felt that Xiao Yin's words were very ambitious. "But why do I feel like you're still very sad?"

Eyes fixed on the dog bone, Xiao Yin curled his lip. "How am I sad... I was just reflecting on a very profound question!"

Er Ha: "What's that?"

Xiao Yin: "I was thinking... when that bunch of people back then had turned Dog Saint into a spicy hot pot, what kind of seasoning did they use that the spicy smell can still linger after so long..."

Er Ha: "..."

...

At night, Lord Thunder warmly invited Er Ha to stay for dinner as Xiao Yin had directly chosen to forego it since he had started dieting recently. Logically speaking, Er Ha thought that this guy was just begging to be hated: he didn't get fat no matter how much he ate, yet he still made noise about wanting to lose weight - then what about actual fatties? Did they not need face?

When it was time for dinner, Lord Thunder was busy in the kitchen. Er Ha hadn't thought that the man could actually cook... who knew he could be a good housewife?

Leaning back against the sofa, Xiao Yin fiddled with his phone as he read some news or other, and Er Ha couldn't help turning its head to ask, "How good is Senior Immortal at cooking?"

Xiao Yin hummed. "He's not bad... and it's healthy. You'll know when you taste it."

After he said this, Xiao Yin suddenly sniffed. "I haven't asked you, what are you going to do with Dog Saint's bone? This thing actually doesn't have any effect as a tonic, whether for human cultivators, spirit beasts or holy beasts... But I'm not sure whether it has any effect on dogs."

"What do you suggest?" asked Er Ha.

"My suggestion..."

Xiao Yin said, "I suggest that you use it as raw material and look for a qualified weaponsmith to make a weapon suitable for you. Dog Saint's bone is in good condition, and if you can really make a magic weapon out of it, I believe it'll be pretty good. At the very least, you can use it to intimidate all the dog-type spirit beasts."

"Alright!" Er Ha nodded its head and felt that Xiao Yin's suggestion was quite practical.

Moreover, it was indeed lacking a support magic weapon at the moment. The Toad clan's most prized treasure was the "Primordial Oil Ball," which was a first-class holy weapon which only clan leaders could use. Ever since becoming a dog, Er Ha had had nothing to do with this magic treasure.

But given its current body, the Primordial Oil Ball actually wouldn't be suited for its use anyway.

Er Ha might have to take part in all kinds of battle in the future, so it needed a magic treasure to protect itself.

In the end, it would still need to ask little master for help, but Er Ha thought that this matter might ultimately be entrusted to Luo Chuang. That was because next week would be the busiest time: while there were only a few midterm exams left, Wang Ling still had to take part in the district sports meet! Apart from the relay, he had also signed up for the medicine ball and the battle of soul pets events as Teacher Ye had strongly requested.

All in all, Wang Ling would be very busy next week.

The most critical thing was that Er Ha didn't have much time left before the event forecasted in its dream happened.

It had done a rough calculation.

It just so happened that next week was when it would be returning to its clan...

It could be said that everything had piled up at the same time!

Er Ha had the faint sense of all of this being a pain in the ass.

...

"Let's eat!" At that moment, Lord Thunder came out of the kitchen with a dish in each hand. This was tonight's healthy feast which Xiao Yin had talked about. "Broccoli egg drop soup, stir-fried broccoli, fermented broccoli, broccoli tempura, stewed chicken with broccoli... and there's actually one more dish, diced broccoli! Lord Thunder cut the broccoli up for soup!"

Er Ha was stupefied when it looked at this soup. "..."

Lord Thunder: "This is like Romance of the Western Chamber1!"

1(Presumably a reference to a particular scene in the film of the same name, which we know nothing about, sorry ..) Er Ha: "..."





Chapter 536 Teacher Pan Is Truly Teacher Pan!


Er Ha had already seen the information on the battle of spirit beasts this time.

Furthermore, it had been appraised to be a third-class spirit beast at the assessment center. The reason Little Master Ling was set on it participating in this actual combat between spirit beasts was because real combat could better help the soul and body adapt to each other.

According to previous information on the competition, Er Ha had been at peak third class at that time, and its biggest opponent among all the spirit beasts competing was a land shark called "Aluminum Small Fish."

This was the spirit beast that was going to be played in battle by "Aluminum Tree," one of the three brothers of the Tree family from Reliance High School. Its strength was at peak third class and it had extreme offensive abilities. It was also amphibious and could fight in diverse types of environments... Er Ha had been wondering how it should attack if they wound up fighting in terrain that gave the other side an advantage.

But now it could completely dismiss all its misgivings.

Because who would have thought that after one week, it could suddenly advance to second class after immersing in Xiao Yin's holy beast blood...

...

Refining the Bone King was a matter that still needed to be considered at length. After all, this was the bone of a holy beast, as well as the bone of a beast king. While Little Master Ling's "Great Weapon-Refining Spell" was admittedly convenient, Er Ha actually wouldn't be able to control an offense-type magic weapon that was too powerful. In situations like this, they needed someone in the know like Luo Chuang who could custom make artifacts.

It was July 17th on Monday in the thirteenth week of the semester.

Because of the recent midterm exams, Teacher Pan was always the first person to arrive at school these past few days. She would then stand guard like a giant Buddha on the dais at the front of the class. According to Guo Hao's description, it was as if Teacher Pan's butt had been nailed to the chair... Apart from her hands and eyes, it was as if the rest of her body was like stone.

With Old Pan keeping watch in class, no one dared to move or even make a sound... Wang Ling actually found this very idyllic. In the past, the class would always be noisy as they were swept along by the two masters of momentum, Guo Hao and Chen Chao. In contrast, it was all quiet now, which was too wonderful for words.

But in fact, it was only quiet on the surface, because Wang Ling saw that Guo Hao and Chen Chao were chatting on their cell phones! Chen Chao just hid his phone under his book, turning pages as he typed.

Guo Hao was even more awesome. He had bought a thick Cultivation Dictionary and cut a hole in the middle which was just big enough for a phone, and had directly set his phone into it!

Wang Ling: "..."

When Wang Ling was at school, his wristwatch was always turned off and he hardly looked at it.

Chen Chao and Guo Hao were chatting spiritedly in the private chat window. Wang Ling didn't join in. Anyway, Guo Hao was next to him, and he just needed to look out of the corner of his eye to see what this bunch was chatting about.

This was a chat group which Guo Hao had created. Wang Ling looked at the number of people online; there was actually quite a number of them!

Chen Chao: "What about Wang Ling? Did you invite him?"

Guo Hao: "He's memorizing English words next to me, so I'm guessing he won't look at the chat, though he might sneak looks on the sly!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Chen Chao sighed. "What about Classmate Sun Rong? Not going to invite her?"

Guo Hao shook his head. "This is a group of men, I'm not going to invite her!"

At that point, Su Xiao sent a text. "Both of you, be quiet - I think Old Pan might have already noticed you just now. Both of you should behave..."

Chen Chao tsked. "Su Xiao, you're too timid... There's a book in the way, it's fine. As soon as Old Pan steps off the dais, I'll immediately put my phone away. The entire operation will take less than two seconds! I've specially trained for this at home!"

Su Xiao: "..."

Guo Hao: "..."

Just then, Chen Chao couldn't help asking, "What about all of you? How are you hiding your cell phones?"

Guo Hao: "Hehe, this great master's phone is flawlessly hidden - I dug out a hole in my dictionary and set my phone in it!"

Chen Chao couldn't help sending a thumbs-up. "Damn, awesome, big bro!"

Guo Hao: "I wonder where Classmate Sun Rong would put her phone if she wants to play on it."

At this point, Su Xiao couldn't help saying, "Her dad's the director of the school board... Old Pan wouldn't care..."

Chen Chao and Guo Hao: "Society, society..."

Su Xiao: "Did you know, the essay which Classmate Sun Rong wrote for the senior high entrance exam is now framed in a gallery of selected essays... It's titled My Father, President of Huaguo Water Curtain Group, an International Top 100 Corporation..."

Chen Chao and Guo Hao: "Can't afford to offend her, can't offend her..."

Unlike Chen Chao and Guo Hao, Su Xiao had sneakily taken out his phone and was reading it under the table. Because this commissary in charge of studies sat in the first row, Teacher Pan hardly looked at him.

However, Su Xiao normally wouldn't take his phone out. As the commissary in charge of studies, he had to set an example. As for why he had appeared in the group chat today, it was because he felt that something wasn't right about the air around Old Pan, so he wanted Guo Hao and Chen Chao to hurry up and put their phones away.

Su Xiao: "The two of you should stop... Old Pan has really noticed you now! I'm done, I'm turning my phone off! Scared!"

After that, Wang Ling saw that there was one person less in the number of people online in the chat group.

Su Xiao had really turned his phone off!

Chen Chao chuckled. "Su Xiao this scaredy cat..."

Guo Hao: "Hehe, did he forget to add .JPEG after 'scared'?"

It was just when these two people finished typing that there was a sudden chill in the air in the classroom.

— Bzz!

In a split second, everyone felt cold sweat run down their backs. For a moment, Chen Chao and Guo Hao froze and completely forgot to put their phones away.

It could only be said that Teacher Pan was truly Teacher Pan.

As a pioneer teacher at Number 60 High School, she was really too fast! From the surge in her aura to standing up, to whipping all the curtains in the classroom shut! And finally! Turning off the classroom lights! All of this was done smoothly and the entire thing took less than half a second.

Why was Old Pan so good at it?

It was clear that she had done this many times before.

She had used this move many times on students in previous years over and over again as a tried and true trick, increasingly honing it to perfection.

The moment she turned off the lights, plunging the classroom into instant darkness, the light from Guo Hao's and Chen Chao's cell phone screens stood out — not only was the contrast very bright, the light also illuminated their faces very clearly.

Immediately after that, Teacher Pan swept her gaze over the class and said, "Those whose faces are lit up, come to my office now! Don't you dare tell me you used acupuncture needles on your faces to make them brighter!"

Guo Hao and Chen Chao: "..."





Chapter 537 Guo Hao's Uncle Wei


Almost every teacher-in-charge couldn't escape the fate of being "badmouthed" and "mocked" by their students. Old Pan was of course no exception as she had taught at Number 60 High School for many years. In terms of teaching ability, there were actually a lot of teachers who were better than Old Pan. However, teaching ability in fact wasn't everything for a teacher-in-charge, otherwise why was Old Pan considered a gold medal teacher and a teaching pioneer at Number 60 High School?

Headmaster Chen also wasn't a fool and knew that it was useless for a teacher-in-charge to just be able to teach.

High school was a time of confusion, and was also the chuuni period. Many students would let loose at this stage, which in general terms was also referred to as "rebellion."

If you didn't receive proper psychological guidance at this stage, it could actually have a huge impact on your life later on. Children at the rebellious stage needed to be shown care and to be guided toward establishing the correct three views; Headmaster Chen emphasized this repeatedly at the school general assembly every year.

So teaching ability, while important, wasn't the key criterion when the school put together list of teachers-in-charge every year; as long as they could pass the annual municipal qualification exam, that was enough.

But there were some former students who hadn't been happy with Old Pan. Every time she saw one batch of students off, there would be anonymous posts online saying that Old Pan and the school headmaster had made a deal behind the scenes... Actually, these comments popped up every year, but they were so few that they were almost negligible. However, given how long Old Pan had been teaching at Number 60 High School, there was quite an impressive number of posts about her.

Usually, what freshmen liked to do most was to search the Internet for news on the schools and teachers - there were a lot of posts "badmouthing" Old Pan on the Internet, and what they said seemed like they could be true...

Therefore, at the beginning of the semester, many people actually didn't have a very good impression of Old Pan; they thought that she was especially rigid and unapproachable.

But since the "Shuigou Sect" incident last time, everyone's impression of Old Pan had greatly improved, and a lot of people now realized that she was in fact a very laid-back person who didn't care about online gossip.

And come to think of it, the online posts badmouthing Old Pan online were all anonymous. This just showed that they were a little dubious about the truth of what they were saying. If everything was completely true and they hated Old Pan to the bone, wouldn't it have been better to denounce her under their real names?

But the truth was that after so many years of teaching, Old Pan, to use an exaggeration, had seen more students than she had eaten rice, so she in fact had long stopped caring.

Since it was the midterm exams just then, Old Pan miraculously didn't ring up their parents, and only gave Chen Chao and Guo Hao a verbal warning. She then took their cell phones away, and they needed to rank in the top five in class before they could get them back.

For one thing, she was worried that calling their parents would affect their attitude toward the exams. For another, this was one of her teaching tricks: the students would be used to her calling their parents, then suddenly one day she wouldn't ring them...

This would make people feel that Old Pan had discovered her conscience!

In fact, Wang Ling didn't think that getting into the top five could be considered hard. After all, there were only fifteen people in total in the class!

The most important thing was that there actually wasn't a huge disparity between first and last place in Grade One, Class Three. Everyone was an elite, so what top students strove for in exams wasn't better grades but to make fewer mistakes than anyone else.

...

During the afternoon self-study at noon, the PE teacher Ye Han specially came by the class to look for Wang Ling. In fact, Wang Ling had noticed Teacher Ye's figure at the classroom door during the morning self-study, but Teacher Ye hadn't dared come in then - that was because the air around Teacher Pan had been too strong, like a Buddha standing guard on the dais in the front, which had cowed and flustered Teacher Ye a little.

Wang Ling could more or less guess what Teacher Ye was here for; he reckoned that there had probably been changes in the district sports meet.

Wang Ling would be competing in a total of three events: the relay, the medicine ball and the battle of soul pets.

Although the battle of soul pets was also an event in the district sports meet, it was actually more for entertainment and a way of ushering in good luck...

At the classroom door, Teacher Ye held a timetable in his hand which contained the sequence of events as decided by the district earlier. It detailed the time of each major event in the competition, but there was a clash with two of them: the medicine ball and the battle of soul pets would be happening at the same time.

Number 60 High School had already confirmed that their spirit beast participant this time would be Er Ha, and this couldn't be changed halfway. But Wang Ling had to participate in the medicine ball event, so Teacher Ye had a bit of a headache. "Since this is the situation... Student Wang Ling, I'm here to ask if you know some friend or other who can take your place in the battle of soul pets."

The event score allocated to the battle of soul pets was low, so there was no way Teacher Ye would let Wang Ling give up the higher-scored medicine ball event.

So in order not to affect the flow of the main competition, they could only find someone to replace Wang Ling and direct Er Ha in battle so that they could get scores in both events.

The district had arranged the flow of events in such a way so that there basically wouldn't be any clashes with the main events. Actually, the main issue was that Number 60 High School didn't have many athletes participating... Many of the contestants were like "Ling Zhenren" and taking part in multiple events, so there was no way to accommodate all of them.

Now that Number 60 High School was in the process of being promoted from a regular high school to a key city high school in Songhai city, its ranking in the district sports meet this time was clearly critical.

Old Pan was relatively more relaxed during the afternoon self-study since the students had already finished two exams in the morning and the afternoon was usually free time for them. Everyone in class clearly heard what Teacher Ye said to Wang Ling at the door.

When he heard that there was a clash in times, Guo Hao got extremely excited and rushed out of the classroom. "Teacher, teacher! I can find someone to replace Wang Ling in the battle of soul pets!"

"You? Can you really..." Teacher Ye eyed Guo Hao.

Chen Chao slowly walked out of the classroom and chimed in, "Teacher Ye, you don't get it, Guo Hao can do it..."

Was there anyone in class now who didn't know about Guo Hao's uncles who were everywhere?

Guo Hao: "I have a little uncle who's actually not that much older than me - he's a pet trainer! He's pretty awesome!"

Teacher Ye sweated a bit. "Pet trainer? Does he need to be paid... we don't have much funds. The best would be if he'll do it because you're friends, otherwise we can't afford to hire him."

Guo Hao: "You don't need to pay him. His surname is Wei; also, Er Ha knows him. I heard that they get along quite well."

Wang Ling knew then that Guo Hao was recommending Wei Zhi...

In fact, even if Guo Hao hadn't said anything, the first person that had come to Wang Ling's mind had also been Wei Zhi.

Teacher Ye tsked. "Isn't your surname Guo? Why is your uncle's surname Wei?"

Guo Hao was surprised. "Who says your uncles have to be your parents' brothers... My uncles all have different surnames, any one that you can think of!"

Teacher Ye: "..."





Chapter 538 King of Holy Beasts, "Devil King0"


0(On Devil Valley, please refer to Chapter 256: "Lord Jingke Is Really Too Cool!") The participant list for the "battle of soul pets" event needed to be confirmed as soon as possible, so after Teacher Ye heard Guo Hao's recommendation, he straightaway took out his cell phone and asked Guo Hao to call his little uncle Wei Zhi to confirm in person. Wang Ling had no problem with this. As long as Wei Zhi agreed, the matter was basically settled.

After getting through to Wei Zhi, Guo Hao simply summarized the ins and outs of the whole thing. In the end, Wei Zhi was so excited that he directly yelled, "Holy shit! For real?" Teacher Ye and Wang Ling could hear Wei Zhi's excited shouting over the phone.

"Let me speak to him."

Teacher Ye took the phone from Guo Hao and smiled. "Is that Mr Wei? I am Student Guo's PE teacher, my surname is Ye."

Wei Zhi laughed very happily. "Mm, I just heard from Guo Hao! If Teacher Ye is looking for me about this matter, you've definitely found the right person!"

Teacher Ye nodded. "Are you really a pet trainer?"

Wei Zhi hummed in assent. "Yes, I really am a pet trainer."

Actually, there was one point Teacher Ye hadn't mentioned before this call.

Although the battle of soul pets could only give a low score, it was often the key to deciding the final outcome. While it might seem like every school wasn't paying too much attention to it, they were actually quietly making their move, like Reliance High School, for example. Teacher Ye had previously gotten the news in the office that they had found an S-level pet trainer to replace Aluminum Tree, the owner of the land shark "Aluminum Small Fish," in the battle.

Therefore, if Wei Zhi was a professional pet trainer, Teacher Ye thought that they had a much higher chance of winning than if Wang Ling participated.

Teacher Ye asked in a low voice, "May I ask... What is Mr Wei's professional level?"

Wei Zhi was blank. "Is there a restriction?"

Teacher Ye shook his head quickly. "No, no, no, there are no restrictions, but we need your exact details in order to put you in as a substitute on the competition list. Mr Wei Zhi, if you confirm that you're participating, I'll need copies of your ID card and your professional certificate."

Wei Zhi nodded. "No problem, Teacher Ye. But my level is just average... Professionally speaking, there are a lot of people stronger than I am."

When Wei Zhi said this, Wang Ling and Guo Hao immediately knew that this guy was being modest again. Wei Zhi's family used to be in the military line of work, but since Wei Zhi's grandfather's generation, they started becoming professional pet trainers. They could now be considered a family of pet trainers; how bad could he be? Wei Zhi also had contracts with a dozen or so spirit beasts - this wasn't a number just any average pet trainer could achieve.

This modest remark made Teacher Ye smile. Of course, he wasn't counting on a person whom they had randomly asked a student to help them find to be at a very strong professional level, but if he was an A-level pet trainer, that would be great. Thinking this, Teacher Ye asked as tactfully as possible, "Mr Wei Zhi, are you at B level?" He deliberately lowered the level to avoid potential embarrassment.

"B?"

Wei Zhi smiled. "I'm SSR..."

Teacher Ye's eyes widened as he was petrified on the spot. Holy shit! SSR?! This was only a level under Master! A Master professional pet trainer... this was the highest recognized professional qualification at present; Teacher Ye remembered that there were no more than ten of them in the whole nation, though there also weren't a lot of SSR-level professional pet trainers! Currently there weren't more than fifty of them in the whole country!

Teacher Ye was stunned. "Mr Wei Zhi, you're pretty amazing..." S-level pet trainers could already be regarded as experts among pet trainers, while SSR could be said to already be completely beyond levels; pet trainers would have no problem becoming university PhD advisors at that level.

Besides, pet trainer specialist courses had been gaining popularity in the past two years. While student enrolment was high, there was a shortage of teachers. Most Master pet trainers ran their own guilds and wouldn't particularly go down the teaching route, so SSR-level pet trainers like Wei Zhi were very rare talents that the government would enthusiastically welcome into the fold.

Wei Zhi was very modest. "I was lucky; when I took the exam back then, I just kept my grade down."

Teacher Ye: "..."

Wang Ling and Guo Hao: "..."

Kept his grade down...

Wang Ling suddenly thought that this Wei Zhi might also be a hidden boss.

...

In the afternoon, Er Ha went out once more to look for Luo Chuang and was accompanied by Sheep, since she had been to Luo Chuang's metalware shop several times for maintenance, and so was very familiar with the way there.

They had made the decision last night to look for Luo Chuang. Er Ha had just mentioned the Bone King a little while eating broccoli, but by the time it got home, Little Master Ling had already arranged everything. According to Luo Chuang, customizing a magic weapon required a detailed discussion in person, and it would be better for him to take measurements. As for how long it would take, this would depend on the level of difficulty and requirements.

Luo Chuang's metalware shop was on Amitayus Road, which legend said used to be the former residence of Venerated Immortal Amitayus who supposedly was the first person to reach Venerated Immortal level in ancient times. However, there was very little specific information on Venerated Immortal Amitayus in historical texts, less so than for Immortal Zhenyuan. Although he had a brief introduction in the encyclopedia, there was pitifully little information and details on his achievements.

When Sheep brought Er Ha inside, Luo Chuang was busy at the counter, his chin in his hand. According to Lord Thunder, Luo Chuang had already stopped taking orders in the last two days and had shut his doors to work on his own stuff.

Luo Chuang actually didn't lack money to begin with. What Er Ha knew about Luo Chuang was that this was a geek smith who treated his magic treasures like other geeks would their figurines.

Because Lord Thunder and Wang Ling had told Luo Chuang that Er Ha would be coming, Er Ha directly pushed the door open when they arrived. Luo Chuang didn't look up as he studied a map with a magnifying glass he was holding. After a while, he sighed. "Ah! I just need one more thing, then I'll have all of them..."

"What thing?" Sheep climbed straight up onto the counter.

Luo Chuang looked at the pink miniskirt Sheep was wearing. The color brightener he had applied the last time was pretty good; the color on Sheep was still as bright as before, and it looked even more natural now than right after the top-quality maintenance he had performed a few weeks ago.

Er Ha also jumped up and moved closer to look at the map in Luo Chuang's hand. "A map of Devil Valley?"

Luo Chuang couldn't help asking, "You know this place?"

He was shaken; when all was said and done, this was Ling Zhenren's family dog - it knew so much!

"Mm." Er Ha nodded.

Actually, it had heard of it from Lord Thunder a long time ago.

Devil Valley was a secret land that opened once every century; however, it was actually more ruins than a secret land. In these Devil Valley ruins, there were a lot of rare resources that already could no longer be found in the world today.

In the outside world, many people thought that this Devil Valley was a secret land that had been set up by an Almighty. However, after Xiao Yin joined the team, everyone had a much clearer concept of Devil Valley.

In truth, these Devil Valley ruins actually had a significant connection to holy beasts.

That was because these had been left behind by the king of holy beasts, Devil King, who ruled over all the holy beasts...

This was information from Xiao Yin himself, so it wasn't a lie.

Unfortunately, however...

This king of holy beasts had a huge weakness, which was narcolepsy. Furthermore, once it was asleep, it wouldn't wake up anytime soon, not even if the sky fell.

As a result, Devil King in the end was doomed to be turned into stew...

The fact that the holy beasts were left without a leader was one of the main reasons for their extinction.

...





Chapter 539 A Smith's Romance!


Devil Valley thus in fact had a nickname no one else knew: it was called "Beast King's Remains."

Before this, only the unicorn Xiao Yin had known this nickname.

As early as a month ago, Luo Chuang had entrusted Lord Thunder with the task of asking Little Black to monitor possible fluctuations coming from the Devil Valley ruins. But Little Black had only managed to capture very slight fluctuations and couldn't confirm them for certain. It was like Lord Thunder had said; entering this "Beast King's Remains" required a bit of serendipity. Furthermore, once Devil Valley was open, cultivators from all over the world would try every possible means to enter the ruins, which contained all kinds of lost resources.

Luo Chuang had a very clear goal: what he wanted was the "One Thousand Dried Bone," and he had been worrying over this for a whole month!

"Where did you get this map?" Er Ha asked.

"I bought it from a dealer in treasure maps," Luo Chuang said. "You may not know, but the matter of Beast King's Remains Devil Valley has been percolating since the last time fluctuations were detected. Now, countries with the technology to monitor space fluctuations, including our own, have their eye on it... Furthermore, according to historical records on the appearance of Beast King's Remains, the entrance to Devil Valley only opens inside Huaxiu's borders. To prevent foreign powers from infiltrating our borders, Huaxiu has become stricter with domestic visas recently."

Er Ha nodded slightly. After all, Beast King's Remains contained resources which had already disappeared in the current age, so it actually wasn't surprising that so many people would want to plunder them.

"Actually, what the country needs to be worried about are the foreign forces that might enter the nation illegally in a fight over Devil Valley's resources. The cultivation system is slightly different for western cultivators, and since we hardly fight them given the current era of peace, they'll be rather difficult to deal with," Luo Chuang said contemplatively as he gazed at the treasure map

Er Ha pursed its lips. Judging from Luo Chuang's attitude, he was already fully committed to this matter. Dealers in treasure maps always considered profit above all else. and Luo Chuang had clearly spent a huge amount of money to obtain this map of Devil Valley.

But the truth was that this map wasn't of the whole of Devil Valley; the map dealer had drawn it based on just the accounts of cultivators who had been there and who had walked out of the place safely.

According to Xiao Yin, Beast King's Remains was very vast and full of dangers. As the king of all beasts, Devil King hadn't spared any effort in building Devil Valley back then.

That was because Devil King's purpose for setting up this Devil Valley was actually to build a beast king mausoleum for itself.

But unfortunately...

Devil King in the end hadn't lay down in a tomb, but in a pot...

"Not so long ago, I had had the same dream as the Master of Immortal Mansion which was to create a supreme divine sword... But since seeing Lord Jingke, I realized that it was all meaningless. Instead, if I can one day personally make a scabbard worthy of Lord Jingke, I will be able to die without any regrets!" Luo Chuang clenched his teeth.

Er Ha's lips twitched. "Isn't that a bit exaggerated..."

"How is that possible! You don't understand - a smith's idea of romance is to design a scabbard for your beloved divine sword!"

Luo Chuang cupped his face with his hands; when he thought of Jingke, he couldn't help looking like a young girl that had fallen in love for the first time. "Don't you think it's like when you put stockings on the girl you love?"

Er Ha and Sheep: "..."

Luo Chuang appeared very excited when Jingke was brought up. "This is the first step in my plan for Lord Jingke!"

Er Ha was blank as it asked, "The first step... in your plan?"

Luo Chuang nodded very solemnly. "After I've designed a scabbard for Lord Jingke, I want to display Lord Jingke's heroic disposition to the rest of the world... So I've put aside a huge amount of capital to make a movie on Lord Jingke! The tentative title is The Sword Spirit We Chased Together In Those Years1 ! I even wrote the script already a while ago!"

1(Adapted from the title of a Chinese film, "The Girls We Chased Together In Those Years .. ") Er Ha: "..."

As Luo Chuang spoke, a spirit light glowed in his hand as he took out the script and couldn't help acting it out on the spot...

He played the two male and female lead roles from the script. The name of the male lead was Jingke, while Luo Chuang hadn't thought of a name yet for the female lead.

And, action...

Luo Chuang spoke in a thready voice as he acted the role of the female lead. "How can you be so childish!"

Then, he immediately switched to Jingke's perspective. "Childish?"

The female lead: "Yes, very childish."

Jingke: "You're right! It's because I'm childish that I chased after a master like you who studies so hard. It's because I'm this childish that I stayed in this contract for so long!"

The female lead: "Then don't chase after me!"

(Jingke turned around to leave.)

The female lead broke out in a sweat. "Idiot!"

Jingke: "That's right! I'm an idiot!"

The female lead: "Big idiot!"

Jingke: "It's because I'm a big idiot that I chased you for so long!"

The performance was over...

Luo Chuang took a deep breath. "How was it? My performance?"

"..."

After watching Luo Chuang's performance, Er Ha and Sheep were already utterly stupefied.

They were shaken because Luo Chuang's performance had really been too graphic and shocking; the lines were so simple and crude that Er Ha and Sheep almost felt like they were being brainwashed as the lines echoed demonically and continuously in their brains even after the end of Luo Chuang's performance.

After a few minutes of silence, Er Ha finally couldn't help saying, "You... is this a romance film?"

"A romance film?"

Luo Chuang waved his hand. "If it was just about romance, who would watch it! It's a large-scale sci-fi fantasy thriller drama Mary Sue film!"

Er Ha and Sheep were both bewildered. "..."

After Luo Chuang said that, Er Ha felt with its entire dog being that this wasn't good!

"This is all in the planning stage; the most important thing right now is to design a scabbard worthy of Lord Jingke." Luo Chuang put his script away with a very proud expression on his face. "Don't leak the plot for now; from your expressions, I already have a feeling that my movie will definitely cause the box office to explode in the future!"

When Er Ha heard this, it sucked in a cold breath of air. It didn't know whether or not the box office would explode, but the audience who watched it definitely would!

However, given Luo Chuang's innate sense of fun, who knew, maybe the film really might become popular.

"Anyway, you're looking for me this time to help you custom make a magic weapon? Take out your material and show me?" Luo Chuang looked at Er Ha as they returned to the main topic.

Er Ha directly regurgitated the Bone King, and Luo Chuang's eyes immediately lit up. "My god... so this is the bone of a holy beast!"

Actually, Lord Thunder had already specifically explained the situation to Luo Chuang last night. But when Luo Chuang saw this holy beast bone, he still trembled all over and even had a little blush on his face.

"..."

Er Ha was already unable to mock Luo Chuang for his orgasmic expression — it was such an eyesore!

Er Ha: "Didn't you find out about it last night..."

"How can hearing about it and seeing it with my own eyes be the same?"

Luo Chuang tsked. "An excellent smith will only respond to two things. The first is superior magic artifacts. The other is high-quality raw materials! There are few magic artifacts and raw materials that can make me blush."

And then, god help Er Ha, it suddenly couldn't help asking, "Then what about Jingke?"

As soon as it asked this question, Er Ha already regretted it...

Luo Chuang smiled slightly as he gazed at Er Ha before whispering in its ear, "To tell you the truth, Brother Dog, at that time... I got hard!"

Er Ha wanted to flog itself to death... Why had he asked a pervert this type of question?!





Chapter 540 Cultivating Basic Dog Skills


Luo Chuang spent about five minutes inspecting the bone he was holding inside out. "The surface of this holy beast bone is spotless, it's well maintained!" He couldn't help leaning in to take a sniff. "And for some reason, it seems like there's a wild sort of scent on this bone... Even after so long, there's still a smell of dog on it!"

Er Ha: "Before I got this bone, it belonged to a Fenrir who hugged and licked it every day."

"Cough!" Luo Chuang looked a little embarrassed before he gazed at Er Ha and asked, "Do you have any ideas for the design of this custom magic treasure, Brother Dog?"

"The most important thing is that it has to be easy to use. Also, this is a bone from Dog Saint, and I want to reflect that in the design. It would be great if it was multi-functional!" Er Ha answered.

"Okay, I have a rough idea."

Luo Chuang stroked the bone, then waved his hand and smiled. "You can come get it the day after tomorrow. I just had a super awesome idea... I guarantee you'll like it!"

"The day after tomorrow? So soon?"

Er Ha couldn't quite wrap its head around this speed.

Given the advances in science and technology nowadays, it was possible to combine together the relevant data calculations to forge magic weapons, thus greatly improving the success rate and reducing the time taken to refine them. But to refine a holy beast bone into a magic treasure in less than three days...

While Luo Chuang's skill was widely acknowledged in the circle, this speed was still a little exaggerated.

"High-level smiths now all have rooms dedicated to refining weapons, but this thing can't hold people; we can only place the raw materials inside and manipulate them from outside the room. Brother Dog, you're really lucky; I just installed one here last month, it was very expensive!" Luo Chuang tsked.

Er Ha calculated the time. If it could get this thing the day after tomorrow, then it would actually be just in time for the district sports meet!

Er Ha and Sheep didn't stay for too long. After giving the "Bone King" to Luo Chuang, Sheep carried Er Ha home.

Of course, Luo Chuang wasn't doing this for free. Given the level of his smithing skills, a custom-made magic treasure was actually very expensive. During his initial communication with Lord Thunder last night, Luo Chuang hadn't asked to be paid for forging it, but had hoped that after successfully creating this custom-made magic treasure, Ling Zhenren would agree to a modest request...

Wang Ling had already agreed to this.

Of course, Er Ha guessed that Luo Chuang's request very likely had to do with Jingke.

The man was too obsessed with Jingke.

...

It was already evening by the time Er Ha and Sheep got home, and just when Wang Ling would be done with school for the day. The first thing Er Ha did after it got back was to continue studying the seven forms of the Basic Dog Skills. Except for the first and second forms which were level four, the rest were level five Dog Skills, so they were a bit hard to understand.

But Er Ha wasn't in a hurry as it intended to learn the first and second forms inside out first. It had been studying non-stop when it had time these days, so it was actually pretty much done analyzing these skills.

Holding the small white lace umbrella that Wang Ling had given her, Sheep sat on the stone doorstep and watched Er Ha box.

This scene looked a little fantastic; it was clearly a dog, but it could walk upright and box like a human.

Er Ha broke down the first and second forms, and all the movement diagrams for the Dog Skills filled its mind. After two or three attempts, Er Ha's movements gradually flowed together as it smoothly went through the entire set of Dog Skills beginning with the starting form. The essence of the Basic Dog Skills was "fast, accurate and ruthless," which were all simple actions without any showy moves.

Back in those days, Dog Saint had thrashed all the leaders of the Holy Dog clan with these moves, and there was actually another name for them: "Dog-Beating Skills." The speed of the seven forms increased as you progressed through them.

You could only be considered to have understood the first form if you could throw eighty-one punches per second, while the second form required a hundred and sixty-two punches... According to Xiao Yin, in Dog Saint's seventh form, it could release five thousand one hundred and eighty-four punches.

If Er Ha could cultivate the seven forms of the Basic Dog Skills to their fullest and demonstrate all seven at once, it would ultimately be able to release over ten thousand punches per second in a powerful attack!

"I hit, hit, hit, hit, hit, hit..."

In the back garden, Er Ha was dressed in a yellow skintight exercise uniform as its fists flew.

It was Mother Wang who had recently made this exercise uniform for Er Ha.

The Wang family's small villa was in a remote area and usually no one came by, but taking into account the fact that Sheep sometimes basked in the garden, Mother Wang still made a small outfit for Er Ha.

It was a male akita and also a spiritually enlightened one; it would be too distasteful for its lower bits to swing around in front of a little girl while it was exercising.

Er Ha was thankful to Mother Wang from the bottom of its heart... In fact, it chose to practice its skills usually when Sheep wasn't around. Luckily, Mother Wang had made this exercise uniform for it, otherwise it would feel pretty ashamed of itself with Sheep watching it on the side as it practiced!

Holding the small umbrella, Sheep was bored to death as she watched Er Ha.

"Want me to help you?" Sheep asked suddenly.

Er Ha looked at her. "That'll be great!"

To be honest, Er Ha didn't think its current strength was on the same level as Sheep's. After all, Sheep had been directly enlightened by Little Master Ling and had grasped the "Great Wind Speed Spell" of the Three Thousand Great Spells. She was very fast and could dodge very swiftly. If Sheep was really serious, Er Ha's two forms wouldn't be able to hit her at all.

But an actual combat target was of course the best when practicing the Dog Skills; if Er Ha just practiced on its own, this could instead create various obstacles in an actual fight.

Sheep stood in front of Er Ha with her small umbrella. "Oh, to be fair, I won't use Heavenly Dao! If you can touch me even once, that's already very good!"

"I'll do my best..." Er Ha took a deep breath.

To be honest, Er Ha thought it would be extraordinary if it could touch Sheep even when she didn't use Heavenly Dao, but its chances of touching her in such a situation were undoubtedly much higher.

At that moment, Er Ha stood in front of Sheep and drew a deep breath.

Spirit energy slowly gathered inside its body and gradually flowed toward its four paws. Looking straight ahead, Er Ha closed its eyes slightly as its spirit coalesced.

At the same time, it also quietly recited the Basic Dog Skills' mantra: "I would give my life for the power of dog and the dog family1, the Basic Dog Skills are invincible..."

1(This is adapted from the line "I would give my life for the country's good" from a poem by Lin Zexu which was a significant emblem of the First Opium War..) Then Er Ha threw the first punch of the starting form!

Instantly, there was the sound of an explosion in the air, like a sharp, metallic ringing in the ears that didn't stop.





Chapter 541 Set a Small Target for Yourself


It was a very powerful punch and Er Ha's paws felt like they were filled with explosive power.

The so-called practice and actual combat were two completely different things; it had never felt this during practice.

After throwing the first punch in the starting form, Er Ha felt like its entire body was on fire. Although its paws were very small, this punch wouldn't lose out to a punch by a Soul Formation cultivator.

Reasonably speaking, a second-class spirit beast would never be able to exert power at the Soul Formation stage, but Er Ha's body also housed the "Great Sword Dao Spell" which it had yet to finish cultivating.

Although it had only absorbed forty percent of the power of Sword Dao so far, the increase in its strength was clear.

When Er Ha got serious in particular, the power of Sword Dao would secretly and invisibly boost the Basic Dog Skills. This punch didn't just contain the super high attack speed of the Basic Dog Skills, the driving force of the power of Sword Dao was also mixed into it.

This force caused the power of Er Ha's Dog Skills to rise intangibly several times over!

"Eh?"

Sheep was also a little amazed as she had never expected Er Ha's starting form to be so powerful.

The wind kicked up by this violent punch brushed past Sheep's cheeks and made her meatball-shaped hair buns jump.

But this speed was still far from enough against Sheep; gripping the small umbrella, her small body flitted around the garden as if she was dancing.

"Too slow!" Using the umbrella, Sheep easily evaded the attack.

Er Ha threw the eighty-one punches of the first form in a second, but none of them touched Sheep.

During its rapid attack, Er Ha's eyes also tracked Sheep's movements. She absolutely wasn't using her full speed to dodge, but even then, Er Ha could only see a faint shadow.

This speed was really too fast, and Er Ha was keenly aware that it couldn't catch her with its current strength of vision.

After this offensive strike, it stopped attacking and instead stared at Sheep as it thought up countermeasures.

Holding the small umbrella, Sheep narrowed her eyes and smiled as she explained, "My current speed matches the highest speed that you can display at your current class."

"That's really unfair..." Er Ha couldn't help grumbling in its heart. It had had no idea that the top speed for second class would be so dazzling.

Er Ha felt that it needed to find its own attack style.

From the current situation, it was clear that it wasn't a speed-type player. Every spirit beast had their own particular trait based on breed and class, and thus had their own distinct advantage. But Er Ha's current situation was a little more unique as it had been formed from a merger between a soul and body.

When it used to be a toad, it had had primarily defensive and binding abilities, which was a typical "fatan" role.

But its soul was now fused with an akita... The point was that akitas weren't spirit dogs! Er Ha wouldn't have been able to cultivate at all if it hadn't been for its demon king soul as well as Little Master Ling modifying its Demon King Heart Sutra!

Akitas...

This breed...

Apart from their heads being used in memes to sell meng ... Er Ha really couldn't imagine any other advantages they might have.

Actually, it still had to wait for its soul and body to align more closely with each other.

That was because its previous "narcolepsy" hadn't completely disappeared. Its first immersion in the holy beast blood provided by Xiao Yin had only alleviated the symptoms of the narcolepsy. As long as its condition persisted, this indicated that Er Ha's soul and body weren't fully aligned yet.

It would take at most another month or two for it to fully adapt to this body, and only after it had fully embraced this body would Er Ha actually be able to study its specific advantages.

"Looks like I'll have to temper this body in the future!" Er Ha pondered.

Although it hadn't be able to even touch Sheep just now, the fight this time had hugely inspired Er Ha.

It was still in the process of adapting to this body and studying how to use it. Except for the "tongue techniques" and the "Space Swallowing Spell," which were minor spells that Er Ha could still use normally even with spirit energy, it had already completely discarded all the rest.

Since it had chosen to live in the world of modern human cultivators...

And to live with Little Master Ling...

At this stage, Er Ha set a small target for itself — to do its best to adapt to this new life and to become a dog that wouldn't cause Little Master Ling to lose face when he took it out!

After it was done cultivating, Er Ha went to the backyard and took off the yellow exercise uniform it had been wearing and put it in a bamboo basket. This was something Mother Wang had prepared for Er Ha: each time it was done cultivating, the exercise uniform had to be washed promptly.

The Toad clan had always been lazy and not prone to worry about small things; there were times when they might sleep for several years and hence not take a bath. But after becoming a dog and following Wang Ling, Er Ha found that it was starting to become fond of being clean.

On this point, Er Ha felt that it had been strongly influenced by Little Master Ling.

Little Master Ling's bedroom was spotless every day, and Mother Wang hardly needed to clean it. Especially recently, because Er Ha had started to shed fur after cultivating industriously, Little Master Ling was even more diligent in tidying up than before.

So much so that when Er Ha entered the bedroom, it could detect a fragrance...

Er Ha felt that for a boy's bedroom... Wang Ling cleaned it too thoroughly! In contrast, Wei Zhi's place was actually quite casual when Er Ha had been there; apart from the environmental room that had been built for Pushing Large Butterfly, there were piles of odds and ends in Wei Zhi's own bedroom, ranging from spirit beast magazines and snacks to all kinds of daily necessities that were stacked randomly on his desk - to Little Master Ling, all of these were quarantine zones!

Admittedly, this had to do with personal habits. Wei Zhi got up early and was out until late every day taking care of so many contract spirit beasts, so he had no time at all to tidy up.

Like master, like spirit beast...

Er Ha now sincerely felt that this statement really was true.

What impressed Er Ha the most was all the books and test papers around Little Master Ling... the four corners of every one of these printed texts were always flat! If they were folded even a little, Wang Ling wouldn't hesitate to use the power of Heavenly Dao to break the item down and then reassemble it...

After putting the exercise uniform in the bamboo basket, Er Ha turned on the faucet in the back garden to wash itself. As it shook off the water, it used its spirit energy to heat up its body quickly. In a handful of seconds, it was dry.

Through the glass door in the back garden, Er Ha saw Father Wang and Lie Mengmeng on the sofa as they watched TV with nervous expressions on their faces.

Er Ha suddenly remembered that today was July 17th; this was the middle of the month when the battle for the double monthly votes happened on "Cultivation Chinese Network" where Father Wang's novels were hosted. The double votes happened from the 15th to the 17th, and today was the last day.

This TV program was a vote counting program which "Cultivation Chinese Network" ran with the TV station.

Currently, the writer in top place in the monthly votes ranking was: Braised Pork Shoulder; monthly votes: 980,120.

The writer in second place was: Braised Pig Feet in Sauce; monthly votes: 965,772.

And Father Wang's pen name, Wang Situ, was in third place. Monthly votes: 462,333...





Chapter 542 Please Break The Sky Open With Me!


"Only third?"

To be honest, Lie Mengmeng was flabbergasted at this result.

This was an astonishing amount.

Of course, the success of Father Wang's last book, Let Go of That Wet Nurse, was a big part of the reason for this staggering volume.

But despite that, the number of votes in this month's double monthly votes battle had ended with an unprecedented and thrilling result.

The monthly votes for the first and second novelists were very close, and both were on the verge of breaking one million...

This month's monthly votes were a bit of an exaggeration!

"Brother Wang, what should we do?" Lie Mengmeng was a little anxious. "How about you explode1 and plead for monthly votes?"

1(This refers to writers releasing more chapter updates than usual.) "Explode?" Father Wang raised his eyebrows. "Didn't I just explode yesterday? There's no way I can do it again so soon, absolutely impossible. It shaves a few years off my life each time... the gains don't make up for my losses! Want me to explode? I'd rather dress in women's clothes. How about I do that and beg for monthly votes? I can wear black silk stockings, but on the condition that you don't show my face; I need to uphold my reputation!"

Lie Mengmeng was shocked. Father Wang could actually come up with such an unprincipled operation... This was quite shameless behavior!

"Better not, elder brother. You in women's clothes is too much of an eyesore," Lie Mengmeng said. "Besides, even if you don't show your face, you'll have to shave your legs if you wear silk stockings, which will be too troublesome! Also... it's not very good for men to shave their legs..."

As he had soaked in the hot spring, Lie Mengmeng had glimpsed Father Wang's thick leg hair.

If he had to describe it in words, he thought that he could stir-fry a pot of Chinese leeks if all of Father Wang's leg hair was shaved off...

"In any case, elder brother, I think something's unusual about the votes!"

Lie Mengmeng hugged a pillow as he sat on the sofa and defended Father Wang.

Father Wang lit a cigarette and said very calmly, "What's unusual? It's completely normal for people to willingly throw money at their favorite writers... Besides, aren't these Braised Pork Shoulder and Braised Pig Feet in Sauce also old writers on the website? It's not like you don't know that rich readers can send red packets now, which causes the monthly votes to soar."

Lie Mengmeng sighed. The fact was that he had overlooked this; he should have noticed it sooner.

He had always assumed that with Father Wang currently sitting at a stable number one on all the lists, the top position on this month's monthly votes ranking should be a given, so he hadn't paid close attention to it. In the end, on the last day of the double monthly votes campaign today, Lie Mengmeng was immediately dumbfounded when he saw the vote counts on TV.

There were still six hours left until the end of the double monthly votes at midnight; to be frank, Lie Mengmeng thought that it would be near impossible to make up the difference of nearly half a million monthly votes in that amount of time. But if they didn't seize this opportunity to double the monthly votes, it would be even more difficult to surpass this number after the campaign was over.

Lie Mengmeng looked at the book review sections for the two writers with the top monthly votes.

Sure enough, because the difference in the number of votes was so close, almost on each other's heels, fans on both sides had already started a series of campaigns for votes in the book review sections in support of their respective writers.

This monthly votes battle was actually a way to stir up fans. In addition, Cultivation Chinese Network had introduced a fan tag operation where the tag for the writer you supported would be displayed next to your ID. So if the writer came out on top in the monthly votes, the fans who supported them would definitely burst with pride.

However, once the monthly votes battle entered the white-hot stage, a war of words would inevitably flare up between fans of the different writers. Lie Mengmeng hadn't been in this profession long, only a handful of years, but he had gained a lot of knowledge and experience in that time.

As a veteran who had entered the industry earlier than Lie Mengmeng, Father Wang was wearing the expression of someone who was already used to the big waves; he didn't even need to look at the book review sections to know what was going on. "Have the fans on both sides already started fighting each other?"

Lie Mengmeng: "Mm... Looks like it's pretty rowdy; Braised Pork Shoulder's champion fans2 entered Braised Pig Feet in Sauce's champion fan group; because of some conflict, some of Pig Feet's champion fans have been kicked out, and both sides are now making noise because of this."

2(When a book obtains an accumulated 100,000 fan points, fans become known as the book's "champions.") Father Wang tsked. "Hey, hey, hey, both writers haven't said anything, have they?"

Lie Mengmeng shook his head. "Not yet, but the spectators are increasing... Everyone knows about the quarrel between both sides, not just on our novels website, but also on other literature forums, and they're all discussing it right now."

"That sounds about right." Father Wang nodded.

Who was the happiest when fans squabbled? The writers, for sure!

This maneuver might look like a quarrel, but it was in fact a joyous and harmonious trick for helping each other pull in votes. Father Wang thought this was pretty brilliant! Not only did it incite the readers to support their authors by pulling in votes, it would also draw in large numbers of spectators to read the books; subscriptions would thus rise and the number of new fans would increase, and the authors would reap huge rewards...

Father Wang pointed at the TV. "Just now, the vote count on TV soared again. Braised Pork Shoulder's votes are now nearly 1.1 million. It must have been because he issued a statement, thus injecting his readers with chicken blood."

"..."

Lie Mengmeng refreshed the novel's table of contents and was shocked yet again. "Damn! He released two standalone chapters in a row! And the title of the second chapter is so aggressive! It's called 'Please Break Open With Me3!"

3(This is the title of a standalone chapter by a writer called 'A Pig Foot That Can Speak.') "It's fine, I'll catch up. I reckon that at the absolute most he'll only have a million and a half votes by twelve o'clock... I'll look for people later to directly make my votes three million," Father Wang said lightly.

"Bro, but now... We've only got nearly half a million votes. If that happened, won't we be suspected of rigging the votes?" Lie Mengmeng was suddenly a little worried.

At that point, he suddenly noticed that Father Wang was done with his cigarette and had switched to a cigar...

Father Wang raised an eyebrow. "Rigging votes? That Braised Pork Shoulder can get 1.5 million monthly votes with an average of one hundred and fifty thousand subscriptions; I have three hundred thousand subscriptions, how can I not get three million monthly votes?"

Lie Mengmeng: "..."

Lie Mengmeng gave a quick nod. "Okay! What's the title?"

Father Wang: "'What Do I Need This Cudgel For4?'"

4(From the song "Wukong" from the "Monkey King" series..) Lie Mengmeng: "..."





Chapter 543 Ten Generals!


Father Wang was already an old guru on the website. There was no one who didn't know this "Wang Situ" pseudonym in the whole of the online writing circle. It was in fact very common for writers to compete in the monthly votes battle. The harder a writer strove for votes, the stronger the sense of honor and unity would be among their fans.

In Father Wang's eyes, this 'battle' between Braised Pork Shoulder and Braised Pig Feet was very smart. Both of them were popular frontline writers with huge sales volumes. After this incident, their popularity would increase further. They wanted to use this double monthly votes campaign as an opportunity to thoroughly crush Father Wang this month with dominant vote numbers.

There were some young readers who were too easily instigated; after reading the heroic and lofty words in the writer's standalone chapter, they were especially prone to impulse spending as they bestowed gifts on the authors they supported while eating instant noodles themselves. Of course, everyone was free to support whoever they wanted... But Father Wang had always felt that they should be a little more rational and consider their current situations first.

For those readers who didn't have extra money to compete in the monthly votes, even just a legal subscription was actually already the greatest encouragement to writers.

That was why Father Wang on the whole wouldn't actively plead for monthly votes or rewards from his readers. Despite that, given his current status in the industry, Father Wang was still ranked number one in all types of monthly statistics.

But the standalone chapter should be released had to be released, so Father Wang's standalone chapters were usually just words of comfort.

"You can speak now, elder brother, I'm ready."

Lie Mengmeng had already logged on with Father Wang's author account and was ready to put together the statement for the standalone chapter.

Title: "What Do I Need This Cudgel For"...

"Yes, just write it like that."

Father Wang nodded. "Situ's path is obstructed on the way to godhood. Currently I am third in the monthly votes and the gap is large. This is a true time of crisis, but Situ is not in a hurry. I am indebted to the support and love of my readers, and I pledge that I will give the final strike with the cudgel at midnight and surpass the numbers... It has only been two months since this book was released, but I also intend to fight for first place in this year's annual list. You can say that I am being delusional, but I, Wang Situ, will tear down the southern wall and I won't turn back 1 ... This final cudgel, will wipe everything out completely!"

1(This is derived from a Chinese saying "to refuse to turn back unless you hit the southern wall," which means to be very stubborn ..) Lie Mengmeng: "..."

After he was done compiling it, Lie Mengmeng clicked "Send" and then breathed a long sigh of relief.

"Can we really catch up?" He watched the gap in the number of votes grow wider on the TV, and was understandably doubtful.

Father Wang's last book Let Go of That Wet Nurse had indisputably crushed everyone else almost every month. This huge disparity in vote counts was truly the first time for him.

But the truth was that the monthly votes list this time was just a minor unforeseen issue for Father Wang.

It was true that Braised Pork Shoulder and Braised Pig Feet in Sauce these two writers were very difficult to handle.

But most unfortunately, they had misjudged how Father Wang's fan group worked.

In Father Wang's champion fan group, there was an epic-level boss who kept watch.

When there was such a huge disparity in votes, Father Wang usually only needed to send this "old pal" a private message...

...

At the same time, in a splendid rectangular building in Jinghua city, which was the Huaxiu Alliance Building in the heart of Jinghua...

The full name of Huaxiu Alliance was Huaxiu Alliance of Cultivators which was a cultivator organization directly under state jurisdiction.

What the Huaxiu Alliance managed now was all the Huaxiu light forces that were on record.

All legally established cultivator sects came under the administration of the Huaxiu Alliance, including the recently popular "Society of Saints" that was known to be gathering a large number of young and talented cultivators.

Tonight, in the top-class conference hall on the top floor of Huaxiu Alliance, the Ten Founding Generals would gather together for an internal top-level meeting.

General Yi, Yi Jianchuan, and Marshal Jiang, Jiang Lei, came at the same time and showed up together downstairs.

A brawny man dressed in a special service uniform stopped the two of them at the main entrance. "Senior chiefs, please cooperate, this is standard procedure!"

"Very well, go ahead!" General Yi and Marshal Jiang nodded.

Special service personnel like this brawny man could be found throughout the entire Huaxiu Alliance Building. These people had been trained by "Magnificent Immortal" and were already top-ranked leaders in the guard. Wherever this group was, the area for fifty li around would be clear.

In order to hold this Huaxiu Alliance top-level meeting tonight, all the roads in a radius of fifty li around the Huaxiu Alliance Building had been closed, and no one was allowed to pass through except for the security teams and the staff involved in the meeting.

Holding a bronze mirror in his hand, the special service employee held it up to Yi Jianchuan's and Jiang Lei's faces respectively. Hidden in this magic mirror was a great spell that could distinguish between what was real and what was fake, and which would see through any disguise.

After verifying General Yi's and Marshal Jiang's identities, the special service personnel nearby saluted them in unison, and the brawny man who had been responsible for inspecting their identities swiftly stepped aside to let them through into the corridor behind him. "Senior chiefs, please come in! Thank you for your cooperation!"

"Has the head of state arrived yet?" Dressed in exercise clothes, General Yi was floating in the air as usual.

The brawny man respectfully replied, "Yes, senior chief! The head of state arrived half an hour ago!"

General Yi nodded slightly, and without saying anything else, he and Marshal Jiang directly hurried to the conference hall on the top floor.

When both of them arrived at the conference hall, they found that almost everyone attending this meeting had already arrived... They were all familiar faces!

Body Saint Minister Shi, Minister of the Ministry of National Defense. Known as the person who had the body of a Steel Saint, he fought seven demon gods at the Battle of Shimen back then with his powerful physique and hadn't fallen.

Wisdom Saint President Qi, President of the Cultivation Academy of Science, who had controlled the layout of the battlefield and the formation of the various holy arrays.

Spirit Saint Sun Dakang, Secretary Sun, the person who currently helmed the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools and who was the direct leader of all the branches of the General Administration of 100 Schools. He had the ability to hear the voices of all living things.

Weapons Saint Minister Ke, the director of Huaxiu nation's magic treasure munitions factory, who was proficient in the use of all kinds of magic treasures.

Dark Saint Minister Ying, Minister of Intelligence. He travelled all over the country all year round on counterintelligence reconnaissance missions and his movements were a mystery. He had excellent body movement techniques and was a master of illusion.

Medicine Saint President Luo, the president of the general military hospital. She had super regenerative abilities and could survive even if her head was the only thing left of her.

Including Blademaster General Yi, Battle Saint Marshal Jiang and the head of state who was sitting at the very front with his head lowered in deep thought...

If the remaining two generals showed up, the Ten Founding Generals would have all assembled.

As for the last two people who weren't there, it just so happened that in terms of overall military strength, one was in first place and the other in second.

One was General Bai, Bai Xing, who was the chairman of the board of the state enterprise Hua Xing, which was currently Huaxiu's largest manufacturer of smart products. Nicknamed Explosion Saint, he had the ability to create independent explosions.

General Bai was currently ranked first in terms of overall combat strength.

And the second strongest person who hadn't shown up was Skin Saint Minister Ku, who could control the power of rhythm and by playing the pipa, kindle the will to fight.





Chapter 544 Humanoid Magic Treasure


General Yi and Marshal Jiang sat down in their reserved seats.

It happened to be President Qi who was presiding over the meeting this time. He put down his coffee cup and stood up from his chair. "Everyone, Explosion Saint General Bai and Skin Saint Minister Ku are currently on a mission."

"Together?" Everyone else was blank.

These two were exceptionally strong, and it was really rare for them to go on a mission together...

In fact, the sudden announcement that they would be having this top-level meeting in itself was a testament to how urgent this matter was; it was very likely that whatever the crisis was, it was already imminent.

President Qi nodded. "Yes, General Bai and Minister Ku went together. So it'll be the eight of us discussing the matter in this meeting, and the head of state will make the final decision. I spoke to General Bai and Minister Ku previously about the agenda for this meeting. They have no objections at all, and are entirely at the disposal of the organization. I will preside over this meeting."

Everyone nodded. "Alright!"

President Qi smiled slightly and then turned to look at the head of state on the side. "I'm sure everyone can already tell that there's something a little different about the head of state today."

"That is not the real head of state..." Spirit Saint Secretary Sun Dakang narrowed his eyes. He could hear the voices of all living things involuntarily. In fact, he had already realized it as soon as he had arrived.

"That's right, the head of state you're looking at now is a weapon replica developed by our Academy of Science. However, it's currently still in the experimental stage and has yet to be made public, so it cannot be mass produced. The head of state you see now is a humanoid magic treasure; the highest level of power which it can currently exhibit is close to Itinerant Immortal level."

President Qi said, "This human replica magic weapon is a project that has actually been in the works for a very long time. This was previously a secret study which our Huaxiu Academy of Science was carrying out with Weapons Saint Minister Ke, and it's only today that we're making it known to everyone, with the head of state's permission. My sincere apologies."

"Business is business, Old Qi, you're too polite." General Yi couldn't help laughing.

"Although I could sense that there was something unusual about the head of state, I couldn't be completely sure. But to actually be able to make it look so alike, this is truly astonishing!" Staring at this "human replica magic weapon" which looked almost identical to the head of state, Marshal Jiang couldn't help but marvel.

"Performance?" asked Medicine Saint President Luo.

She was the only woman among the Ten Founding Generals and a real beauty. Her brown hair was coiled up and she wore a pair of gold-rimmed glasses as she exuded the imposing manner of an elite.

"We've finished fine-tuning its basic performance. Of course, as everyone present knows, the head of state is far, far more powerful than this humanoid magic treasure," President Qi replied. "This is currently our country's first humanoid magic treasure prototype modeled on the head of state, number: 001.

"Command of the humanoid magic treasure is connected to the head of state's neurons, and he can directly and remotely control it; you can think of it like a contract. But the craftsmanship involved in making this humanoid magic treasure is a little more special, so it doesn't have a weapon spirit.

"If we get to the point where we can mass produce this in the future, the theory is that you can implement mass contracts. But ultimately, the number of contracts you can take on in fact has a lot to do with your strength, because the amount of spirit energy needed to control multiple humanoid magic treasures is considerable."

All the generals nodded, basically understanding how the "humanoid magic treasure" worked.

"Does the humanoid magic treasure have artificial intelligence?" At this time, Secretary Dakang asked a rather vital question.

Given the level of science and technology in Huaxiu, creating artificial intelligence actually wasn't difficult. But President Qi shook his head. "At this stage, we don't plan to combine the humanoid magic treasure with artificial intelligence. If we do so and give the humanoid magic treasure the ability to think for itself, then the contract will be meaningless."

Everyone understood when they heard this. To put it bluntly, they were afraid that if they gave the humanoid magic treasure artificial intelligence, and it gained wisdom and the ability to think for itself, it could in the end be uncontrollable. Clearly, the best way to avoid this kind of situation was to form a contract and control it remotely.

When Old Qi said this, Wang Ming was listening in at the research institute.

However, Wang Ming didn't have a visual on the meeting and could only listen to it. He was one of the many contributors behind this 'humanoid magic treasure' research, and President Qi had reported that Wang Ming wanted to listen in on the meeting, which the head of state had approved.

Of course, only President Qi, the head of state and Wang Ming knew about this.

For now, Wang Ming's identity remained a secret.

He couldn't help laughing when he heard the talk on artificial intelligence.

In fact, most so-called "artificial intelligence" was "pseudo-intelligence"- real artificial intelligence was the ability to think independently. However, the so-called artificial intelligence on the market was actually just the result of software programming which didn't have the technology to truly and meaningfully learn to reason and think independently.

Powerful magic treasures all had weapon spirits which were formed after harmonizing with the spirit energy of heaven and earth day after day, and when the rapport with their owners reached a certain degree.

However, if "artificial intelligence" could be combined with magic treasures, it would actually be completely possible to achieve what people called "man-made weapon spirits."

But for now, this technology was jointly banned by the countries that had signed the convention.

In the end, people were still afraid of the idea that artificial intelligence brought destruction.

...

Back to the humanoid magic treasure itself.

Huaxiu nation had always prioritized peace above all else. Although the humanoid magic treasure was also a weapon, this was treated as a very distant secondary use. General Yi, Secretary Dakang, Marshal Jiang, Dark Saint, Medical Saint and the others who were listening knew that the ultimate use of this humanoid magic treasure was to protect the safety of the head of state himself.

However, this had probably already been classified as a top secret experiment. As for why it was being made public at this time, everyone present could already guess that it was likely related to what President Qi was going to say next, which was also the reason for this meeting.

No one spoke as they quietly waited for President Qi to explain.

At the very front, the replica Head of State 001 was still sitting with its head down as if in deep thought... This was in fact the specific posture it assumed in standby mode.

"I'm sure everyone has some idea about what I'm going to say next."

As President Qi stood at the front, spirit light glowed in his hand and a 3D image of a map was directly projected into the air of the meeting room. He said very seriously, "This is space data collected by our Huaxiu Cultivation Academy of Science's surveillance magic treasure 'Divine Eye' . Based on the data... it's likely that the entrance to the secret land that is Devil Valley is going to open very soon. And the site is Songhai city!"

1(This is derived from the name of China's spacecraft "Shenzhou," which means 'divine vessel .. ')





Chapter 545 Real and Fake Remains


Sure enough!

President Qi's words were disconcerting.

All the people present had in fact vaguely guessed what President Qi had been about to say. Wang Ming, who was listening in on the meeting elsewhere, also had an unperturbed expression on his face. He had known about this even earlier than the people at the meeting since the "Divine Eye 1" magic treasure which was used to monitor space fluctuations had been developed by hundreds of scientific researchers based on his theory.

Both he and Old Qi had analyzed the entire situation inside out in the morning, including the origin of Devil Valley, so Wang Ming could not be any calmer...

The way Devil Valley appeared was a little similar to the Gate Between Worlds. The difference was that monitoring the space fluctuations from the Gate only allowed them to foresee its descent, but they couldn't accurately pinpoint its landing site.

However, by using the most sophisticated magic treasure instruments, such as "Divine Eye 1," they could accurately pinpoint the specific location of Devil Valley.

But this was precisely the most troublesome bit about the whole situation.

"We are no strangers to Devil Valley, and some of you here have even visited it in person. Devil Valley is also known as Beast King's Remains and is a mausoleum which the king of holy beasts, Devil King, had built for itself back then. It's full of all types of precious resources that have already disappeared in the present era. It's already been a hundred years since Beast King's Remains last opened, and although we have been very careful this time to safeguard this information, word that Beast King's Remains Devil Valley is about to open has still spread like wildfire." Speaking up to this point, President Qi frowned.

"Spies?" General Yi narrowed his eyes.

"There are always spies."

As Minister of Intelligence, Dark Saint Minister Ying said coldly, "Actually, since a few years ago, I've already increased investigation efforts in our counterintelligence operations, and we've apprehended countless foreign spies. But the other side is still trying whatever they can to infiltrate our country, and it's really hard to guard against this."

Saying this, Minister Ying sighed. "You don't know, but this year, we captured the most bizarre spy yet. In order to sneak into our country, he actually used a forbidden spell to shrink his body and hide himself in a caplet... he then paid a foreign student to come in with the caplet hidden inside the student's anus."

"Then... then what happened..."

"Luckily, when the student was passing through immigration, our Investigation Division's Section Chief Sima Guang noticed something wrong with this student thanks to his keen insight. He immediately examined the student's whole body and ultimately discovered this caplet, thus successfully intercepting the spy at customs! Otherwise, the consequences would have been unimaginable," said Dark Saint.

"Hm... I think I heard about this." General Yi nodded. "Wasn't this Section Chief Sima Guang given a commendation later?"

Dark Saint solemnly said, "That's right, my ministry conferred a special title on him: 'Sima Guang Breaks The Anus 1 '."

1(This is a homonym of a well-known Chinese short story, "Sima Guang Breaks the Vat .. ") Everyone: "..."

" Cough cough ."

Clearing his throat, President Qi said, "As you can see, because of Beast King's Remains, not only are the various dark forces in our country starting to get restless, foreign forces are seizing the opportunity to make a profit. Beast King's Remains is a precious historical resource for our country, and all of the extinct resources that grow in it are valuable riches..."

From what President Qi was saying, his objective was in fact already very clear, and everyone listening couldn't help nodding their heads.

These long extinct resources which could only be found in Beast King's Remains absolutely weren't to be exploited at all. The most important thing was to safeguard these precious resources and to find ways to breed them on a broader scale so that they could grow once again in the modern world.

"Beast King's Remains Devil Valley is a historical resource unique to Huaxiu nation; no unlawful dark forces or foreign powers have the right to enter it. The head of state has already given clear instructions: what we need to do is to protect the remains and leave the extinct resources to continue as they are; we also need to think of ways to take a portion out to grow once more in our current environment."

After saying this, President Qi looked at everyone else. "Does anyone have anything else to say about safeguarding 'Beast King's Remains'? If you have any objections, you can just press the red button on the table as usual."

Everyone shook their heads and this motion was passed unanimously.

President Qi was about to move on to the next item.

At that moment, Marshal Jiang asked, "Does Explosion Saint and Skin Saint's mission have something to do with protecting the remains?"

"That's right!" President Qi was actually just about to talk about this. "Right now, who knows how many dark forces and foreign invasion forces have their eyes fixed on Beast King's Remains. In order to better protect the remains, Explosion Saint and Skin Saint are currently on a secret mission under direct orders from the head of state... to create a forgery of Beast King's Remains."

Creating a forgery of the remains...

Everyone was shocked; so there was this kind of operation?!

"But those who intend to enter Beast King's Remains aren't ordinary people. Can we fool them?" Medicine Saint had some misgivings.

"Creating a forgery of Beast King's Remains isn't something we came up with on the spot. Actually, the head of state has already been moving pieces into place since a long time ago. He drew the basic blueprint himself, and Explosion Saint and Skin Saint have now gone to take charge of constructing the nomological laws for the place."

President Qi smiled and nodded. "If this plan goes smoothly, the fake Beast King's Remains will be opened after the entrance to the real remains opens and will draw away the unlawful forces that want to enter Beast King's Remains. We've estimated that the real and fake remains will open no more than half an hour apart."

"I still feel it's risky..." The female Medicine Saint President Luo shook her head.

President Qi smiled. "You should have some faith in our country's ability to create counterfeits... Isn't that how we got through the most difficult times?"

President Luo: "..."

"Furthermore, to ensure that this plan of using fake Beast King's Remains as cover is carried out properly, we also need the help of Old Sun's Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools," President Qi said.

Secretary Sun Dakang nodded and looked at President Qi. "How can we help, just ask!"

"Divine Eye has calculated that the entrance to Beast King's Remains Devil Valley will ultimately appear somewhere inside Songhai city. While we have yet to pinpoint the exact location, I think Old Sun can still make preliminary preparations."

President Qi said, "I hope Old Sun can contact some of the high schools in Songhai city and have the headmasters organize a study tour of Beast King's Remains for the students; this can be considered an activity for broadening their horizons."

Secretary Dakang frowned. "But what if they encounter those unlawful forces? How do we ensure the safety of the students?"

President Qi raised an eyebrow. "Who told you that these students would be entering the fake remains? Before we set this plan in motion, I'll arrange for information on the fake remains to be leaked first."

Everyone: "..." Damn! It turned out that there was a game plan!

President Qi chuckled and said, "Can you imagine what those unlawful groups will think when they see a bunch of students prepare to enter the remains as a summer camp?"





Chapter 546 An E-Bomb Raining Down From Above


When President Qi spoke up to this point, everyone in fact already understood his meaning.

This was a decoy.

They would use the students to confuse the forces that would be attempting an unlawful invasion while at the same time enrich the students' extracurricular activities.

Unlike the past, most of the younger generation of cultivators nowadays had no especially ambitious dreams or pursuits. Moreover, the outbreak of "chuuni disease" was concentrated around the high school period, when many students might start to become confused for various reasons. This would be immediately followed by posts in WeChat Moments or QQ Zone that weren't mainstream chicken soup 1 .

1(This refers to the "Chicken Soup for the Soul" book series which is a compilation of inspirational life stories.) So in order to reduce the occurrence of this type of phenomenon and guide students toward establishing a more enriching mentality and system of values, the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools had in recent years planned a fair amount of similarly practical exchange activities, like the previous spirit sword exchange meet and the upgraded "gaming" version of the military training drill.

The spring outing, autumn outing and summer camp were originally extracurricular activities organized by the school every year.

Initially, the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools' education head office had planned to upgrade the basic extracurricular activities this year, and they would cover any insufficient funds that this might entail. Thus, in addition to places that students frequently visited for their extracurricular activities like the spirit beast park and the Xiao Family Compound, schools now had more options and could even organize sightseeing tours outside the city for students to broaden their horizons.

The truth was that historical sites and scenic spots were very good choices.

Summer camp in Songhai usually took place in August.

This was because the climate in Songhai was a little strange; the hottest time of the year was in October, so Songhai students started school and had their winter and summer vacations later than schools in other urban areas.

Thus, the process of endorsing the venue for the summer camp in Songhai city had yet to be completed.

Secretary Dakang had initially planned to go and endorse it after this top-level meeting of the Huaxiu Alliance, but now it wasn't necessary... he could just directly make it an edict.

"I'm all for the students visiting Beast King's Remains as long as their safety can be guaranteed," said Secretary Dakang. The head office's plan this year had been for students to visit historical sites and scenic spots to begin with, to say nothing of a place like Beast King's Remains, which only opened once every century. There might be some people who in their whole lives would never have the opportunity to enter the remains.

Whatever you could learn from them would definitely be helpful in broadening your horizon.

Sometimes, how broad your view was could often determine the height you would achieve in the future...

This didn't necessarily mean realm, but could also be a mental or spiritual breakthrough or an accomplishment in some other aspect.

President Qi had in fact already accounted for the security issue. Whether it was for the real or fake remains, once the entrance was open, they would immediately dispatch someone to set up a True Immortal barrier; any regular Tom, Dick or Harry wouldn't be able to so much as touch the stones inside the remains.

"Of course, a decoy is a decoy. To avoid any sly dark forces from sneaking in, we'll also dispatch manpower to protect the students. My suggestion is that besides Secretary Sun Dakang who will be organizing this tour for the students, Dark Saint and Medicine Saint should also go along. Weapons Saint and I will use magic treasures to provide remote assistance and can launch the Heavenly E-Satellite if necessary... In addition, Head of State 001 will also be assigned to participate in this student protection plan," President Qi said.

This arrangement made the corner of Wang Ming's eye twitch... This security lineup was too strong!

In addition to Spirit Saint Secretary Dakang, Dark Saint Minister Ying and Medicine Saint President Luo would also be going along. Old Qi and Weapons Saint Minister Ke, the latter in charge of the magic treasures munitions factory, would provide remote assistance, and Head of State 001 that was undergoing testing would also be there.

Five True Immortals would be heading out with Number 001...

If this matter were to get out, some people would definitely think that the "Great War of Two Worlds" between the human race and the demon race had broken out again...

It had already been a thousand years since the last time so many True Immortals went out together; that was when they had joined forces to fight back against the demon gods that had emerged from the Gate Between Worlds.

Furthermore, it wasn't just the five True Immortals who would be going out; the "Heavenly E-Satellite" would be coordinating with them. Wang Ming suddenly felt that any criminal attempting to make a play for "Beast King's Remains" would basically already fail the instant they wanted to infiltrate the place...

This satellite was in fact a magic treasure which could gather together a dense concentration of spirit power and directly launch an "E-Bomb Raining Down From Above 2 " via remote control in the form of a spirit power laser cannon shooting through outer space as a long-range bombardment.

2(This is adapted from the phrase "Justice raising down from above" in the game "Overwatch.") Heavenly E-Satellite...

When these "Ten Generals" heard this name, they visibly paused and couldn't help shuddering.

"Heavenly E-Satellite... this isn't necessary, is it...?" Secretary Dakang wiped at his sweat.

Frankly speaking, this thing was the nuclear bomb of the modern cultivation era!

It had power equal to one strike from a True Immortal. A True Immortal might not die if they were hit head-on by this thing, but they would lose half their life... The main point was that this thing was extremely powerful!

If this cannon was shot, Beast King's Remains might be directly wiped out.

"I also think this is a little excessive." General Yi also nodded on the side.

"Don't worry, everyone, it isn't excessive at all." President Qi waved his hands. "It's not actually a real explosion."

Secretary Dakang: "What do you mean?"

"When we were designing this Heavenly E-Satellite back then, we had both live ammunition and duds to begin with. The power of live ammunition is indeed very strong, and can't be used willy-nilly without the head of state's personal signature and approval. But a dud can be fired at any time."

"Du... Dud?"

The lips of the other "Ten Generals" twitched.

Even Weapons Saint was surprised. "There was this kind of setup? Why don't I know anything about it?" It was his munitions factory that had manufactured this Heavenly E-Satellite back then! He had seen the blueprint!

"This dud bomb was part of the program setup; you definitely wouldn't have seen it in the original blueprint. It seems that none of you know about it." President Qi smiled. "The dud functions similarly to an illusion spell. While it doesn't look any different to live ammunition when it's fired, it actually doesn't generate any kind of energy."

Everyone: "..."

Wang Ming: "..."

It wasn't just the "Ten Generals" present; even Wang Ming, who had personally taken part in the program setup, hadn't known that there was such a thing. That was to say, this "dud bomb" design was something which Old Qi himself had added, and except for the head of state, probably no one else had known about it.

Sweating, General Yi raised his hand quietly and asked, "Excuse me, the reason for this dud bomb design is..."

President Qi's answer was succinct. "To intimidate."

Everyone: "..."

"This is an era of peace. How can we dispatch the 'E-Bomb Raining Down From Above' so easily? Since the founding of our Huaxiu nation, what we have been pursuing is world peace, not a nuclear wipeout 3 . So the dud bomb design is very necessary! Duds don't have any power! They can't hurt anyone, but at the very least they can create the sound of an explosion!"

3(The words for "peace" and "nuclear wipeout" are homophones in pinyin ..) President Qi continued non-stop. "For example, why were people so afraid in the past when the Xiao clan set off their 'Angry Buddha Fire Lotus'? It was because it created a mushroom cloud that was so big and so loud! It looked powerful enough to make people cower!"

Everyone: "..."





Chapter 547 I've Taken a Fancy to the Old Man at the Door


President Qi had already thought all these plans through prior to this meeting. In terms of strategy, Wang Ming felt that this was actually very consistent with Old Qi's style, which was "to bluff." In order to protect Beast King's Remains this time, Old Qi had gone so far as to plan early on to create fake remains, which amply demonstrated how much priority they were putting on security this time.

And it was clear that the Ten Generals' ultimate aim wasn't just to protect Beast King's Remains, but to give a stern warning to the unlawful forces that wanted to try for the remains.

"Then according to procedure, if you have any objections about the summer camp project and the protection plan I've just put forward, please press the objection button in front of you," said President Qi as he looked around.

The way Huaxiu Alliance worked was that after each meeting, the Ten Generals would vote on the proposals that had been put forward before they were submitted to the head of state for final approval.

At the meeting, if more than half of the people present were in agreement, the plan would be passed.

As Wisdom Saint, President Qi was an absolutely wily person with experience in looking at the big picture. Even Wang Ming who was called "the strongest brain" couldn't imitate him. A person could hardly rely solely on IQ alone to control an overall situation; this was something that accumulated over time and with countless experiences of putting it into practice.

When Huaxiu had first been founded, it had been in constant turmoil as criminal dark forces acted out in unbridled and arrogant ways.

Wang Ming hadn't been born yet then. It was Old Qi who had fixed these people thoroughly...

The Wisdom Saint's power wasn't just for show.

This was also the reason why Wang Ming had been perfectly happy to stay with Old Qi and learn from him.

No one pressed the objection button, and the motion was passed again like before.

"Great, then we just need to wait for the head of state's endorsement. I will now officially activate Number 001 and have it connect remotely with the head of state. The Number 001 you're looking at now is still in standby mode." Wisdom Saint President Qi nodded with satisfaction.

Then his eyes turned to the machine Number 001 on the side and he said very soulfully, "I've taken a fancy to... the old man at the door1..."

1(This is a transliteration of what the lyrics in Bulgarian singer Azis's song "Hop" sounds like in Chinese, which then became a meme.) His voice was extremely tender, almost as if he was speaking to his lover.

What the hell?

The Ten Generals all got goosebumps. "..."

These were all outstanding founding ministers who had gone through thick and thin back in the day and knew each other inside out.

But this really was everyone's first time seeing this kind of adoring manner from President Qi...

This was in fact the activation code, and after President Qi said it, he also couldn't help blushing. "Cough! It was the head of state who set up this activation code himself; furthermore, it has been specially encrypted, so it has to be expressed in a particular way in order to take effect..."

The Ten Generals: "..."

Activation code accepted, Head of State Number 001 slowly lifted its lowered head.

Its pupils began to focus as it started up, and the Ten Generals present could already hear the sound of it breathing.

To be honest... when it was activated, Number 001 really looked exactly like the head of state - you couldn't see any difference at all!

President Qi explained, "If you observe Number 001's minute facial expressions, you'll see that we've achieved one hundred percent synchronization. The head of state's facial expressions are perfectly synchronized with that of Number 001, including movement, appearance and tone of voice."

"Comrades..." At that moment, Number 001 steepled its fingers and rested its chin on them before slowly opening its mouth.

— Even the voice sounded exactly like the head of state's!

"It's like a clone..." the female Medicine Saint exclaimed.

"In truth, Number 001 is actually more formidable than a clone," President Qi said. "As we all know, a clone is created through magic. As soon as it's violently attacked head-on, it'll disappear. But Number 001 won't... furthermore, Number 001 can also produce its own clone. This is actually in line with our cultivation philosophy that 'One is the child of the divine law. After one comes two, after two comes three, and after three comes all things2.'"

2(This is from 'Tao Te Ching,' a Chinese classic text on religious and philosophical Taoism ..) The Ten Generals instantly sucked in their breaths sharply; what damn "after three comes all things"... But if the mass production of this type of human replica magic treasure truly became a reality, they would be too powerful!

"At Itinerant Immortal level, up to ten thousand clones can be summoned at one time... If we produced ten of these humanoid magic treasures, it would truly be an army!" Marshal Jiang clicked his tongue repeatedly in admiration.

Medicine Saint: "Let's not..." She was extremely afraid of winding up with a phobia of men...

"I haven't decided on mass production yet for the time being, and Number 001 is still in the experimental stage." Suddenly, the head of state opened its mouth.

Silence instantly reigned in the conference hall.

As leader, even if what he said was just a short sentence, it carried a great deal of weight, and people couldn't help attaching heavy importance to it.

"Dear comrades, even though Number 001 was in standby mode just now, I was still remotely listening in on the meeting. After the meeting ends, I'll formally endorse President Qi's conference report. But before that, I need to add two more points." The head of state said, "Based on leads which I currently have, there is a foreign dark power called 'Night Chief' which everyone needs to be aware of. I've only mentioned it in passing to Old Qi, as investigation into this matter is still ongoing."

General Yi frowned. "What kind of force is it?"

"Currently, it's very difficult for us to catch them since they are a foreign dark power. Furthermore, we are unable to apply for an international Heavenly Dao arrest warrant without any evidence. But one thing we have confirmed is that this Night Chief has a minor leader who is on the run in our country at the moment. And this man... you may have heard of him: he was exposed a while ago, and is Bai Zhe, leader of the Demon Hunters Association."

Everyone was stunned. "It's actually him..."

The head of state: "This person is currently on the run. At this stage, we've only arrested a tree gremlin who is willing to serve as a witness. According to what this tree gremlin has divulged, it's highly possible that this person is the ringleader responsible for the massacre that led to the extinction of the holy beasts. According to all the signs so far, this man is sure to act in relation to Beast King's Remains. Dark Saint's intelligence department will have to concentrate all their efforts into making sure that this person is brought to justice before Beast King's Remains opens."

"No problem," Dark Saint Minister Ying said solemnly.

"Mm..."

Remotely controlled by the head of state, Number 001 nodded. "That was the first point I wanted to add. Now I want to add a second point. This, is just as important! And it's also terrible!"

Everyone sat upright. For some reason, it felt like the atmosphere had suddenly turned even more serious...

Head of State Number 001 rested its chin on its steepled fingers. "Dear comrades, do you know Wang Situ?"

The Ten Generals present: "???"

"..."

Elsewhere, Wang Ming, who had been listening in the whole time, was also blank.

The head of state: "This is my most favorite writer. He texted me twenty minutes ago..."

General Yi: "Could it be that this person has news on the president of the Demon Hunters Association?"

"No!"

The head of state shook his head. "He said that the monthly votes for his novel have been overtaken, and it's by a whole six hundred thousand votes! That's really terrible!"

General Yi instantly sucked in his breath sharply. "Head of State, your meaning is..."

The head of state: "All of you, contact the person in charge of that website and vote."

The Ten Generals: "..."

The head of state was very calm. "Let's set a small target first. For example, before midnight tonight, let's push the votes up to one hundred million."

The Ten Generals: "..."





Chapter 548 Wang Situ's Counterattack


On the other side, Wang Ming put his earphones down with a blank look on his face as he repeatedly confirmed to himself that he hadn't heard wrong.

Wang Situ...

Wasn't that his uncle's pseudonym?

Was the head of state actually a fan of his uncle?

The fact was really too terrifying, and Wang Ming couldn't help sucking in his breath sharply as his mind felt like it had already fallen into chaos.

...

At that moment, there were only five hours left before the end of the double monthly votes campaign.

Lie Mengmeng looked at the ranking chart on his phone. In first place was Braised Pork Shoulder, whose votes had already reached 1.6 million, while Braised Pig Feet in Sauce, who was ranked second, had 1.58 million votes. They were hot on each other's heels, neither giving way to the other.

After they had posted that perfunctory standalone chapter, Father Wang's monthly votes had only just reached eight hundred thousand... Although his monthly votes had increased by nearly four hundred thousand, the gap between him and first and second place was growing wider and wider.

But Father Wang didn't seem worried. He calmly smoked a cigar as he watched a TV drama; he didn't even bother to watch the live vote counts on TV.

Lie Mengmeng actually understood himself what the fight over monthly votes was like.

At the initial stage, it was a fight between writers, when the number and quality of their chapter updates often determined whether readers would enthusiastically vote for them. But at the middle and late stages, it basically already wasn't about the writers any longer as it became a battle between nouveau riche readers...

"I just asked the chief editorial office, and they confirmed that Braised Pork Shoulder and Braised Pig Feet in Sauce aren't rigging the votes; each of these teachers has a heavenly-level sect backing them..." When Lie Mengmeng said this, he was actually already feeling despair in his heart.

To understand the concept of a heavenly-level sect, the annual net profit for a light force heavenly-level sect was over one hundred million; it wasn't surprising at all that they could set aside a portion of their expenses to send a red packet's worth of monthly votes to their favorite author.

Lie Mengmeng had thought that there was something wrong with the number of votes for these two authors earlier, but that was purely because he hadn't understood the situation. All in all, both authors had already gotten almost a million monthly votes by six o'clock. If you wanted to send a monthly vote red packet now, each monthly vote cost five immortal gold, so such a large number of monthly votes absolutely wasn't something that ordinary people could afford.

"Oh, heavenly-level sects, that's a little awesome!"

Father Wang, however, laughed when he heard Lie Mengmeng's words.

Lie Mengmeng almost puked blood. How was it a little awesome... It was pretty awesome!

Currently, how many heavenly-level sects were there in the country which had been certified by the government? No more than fifty... If you could rope in a heavenly-level sect as your patron, that was the equivalent of getting an entire financial group behind you.

"Big bro, do you have any big names like a heavenly-level sect or whatnot in your fan group? If not heavenly-level... earth-level will also work..." Lie Mengmeng couldn't help asking.

After all, looking at the current fan base, Father Wang certainly had a lot more fans than the other two writers; it was impossible that there weren't any big shots among them.

"Oh, that. Certainly, someone approached me before, and said that they were from Spirit Sword Sect," Father Wang said.

"Spirit Sword Sect?" Lie Mengmeng was shocked. "This... This is a heavenly-level sect! Big bro! The heavenly-level sect currently supporting Braised Pork Shoulder is Spirit Sword Sect!"

"Oh, I know that!" said Father Wang. "But they wanted me to advertise their sect in my book, so I declined."

Lie Mengmeng: "Why... Why did you decline..."

Father Wang pushed his black-rimmed glasses up in a habitual gesture. "True fans won't have so many demands."

Lie Mengmeng: "..."

Looking at Lie Mengmeng who had a tense expression on his face, Father Wang couldn't help laughing. "How come I feel that you're more nervous than I am?"

"The gap in the monthly votes battle this time is too wide... If we lose, I'm guessing some of your fans might leave for someone else." Lie Mengmeng sighed.

In fact, "some" was a conservative estimate. Father Wang, after all, was a veteran guru on the website and had dominated the charts for many years. If he was overtaken and "slaughtered" in this battle, this would definitely become explosive news.

In addition, the other two writers currently had heavenly-level sects as their patrons. If they could ride the momentum this time, Lie Mengmeng felt that Father Wang would have a very difficult time in the future. Father Wang had refused to advertise a heavenly-level sect in his novel, and if the person helming this sect was a petty one, he might suppress Father Wang.

Lie Mengmeng didn't understand why Father Wang still looked relaxed.

Father Wang: "Hehe, don't worry, just wait and see."

A heavenly-level sect was indeed profound and formidable...

But the issue was that the "heavenly-level sects" behind these two writers were Father Wang's leftovers.

They wanted to fight him head-on?

...

There was unexpectedly a lot of attention being paid to the shots being fired during the double monthly votes campaign in this particular round of monthly votes.

After Wang Ling finished his homework and scanned the ranking chart, he discovered that Father Wang was lagging behind in third place. He immediately opened some discussion forums and news apps. Sure enough, this monthly votes battle had already become a news item.

[News Headline]: "A god has fallen? Wang Situ, veteran guru of Cultivation Chinese Network, falling behind by a wide margin in the monthly votes battle for the first time!"

There were many similar news reports, and in what seemed like an instant, they dominated the various major news channels and hot topic searches.

When Lie Mengmeng and Father Wang had been talking downstairs, Wang Ling had also heard about the "heavenly-level sects" that backed the two writers who were competing for votes.

Wang Ling was guessing that it might have been the heavenly-level sects adding fuel to the fire behind the scenes by disseminating this news...

Actually, there were many cases in recent years of sects collaborating with popular writers. The writers would advertise the sects in their books, and in return, the sects would support the writers in the competition for monthly votes or by giving them gifts.

This was the current trend in the market. In this mass of online cultivation novels, popular writers frequently based the worldbuilding in them on the modern cultivation framework, so big name sects had already long eyed this as an advertising opportunity; some sects would even look for authors to specially write "cultivation novels" featuring their own sects as the backdrop.

Initially, however, it had mostly been earth-level sects who had sought out writers to collaborate with, because it was the earth-level sects that didn't have enough students.

Who knew when heavenly-level sects had started doing the same thing...

There was a lot of discussion in the class group on this. In fact, quite a number of people in class were fans of Father Wang, but in the end they were just students. Five immortal gold bars for a monthly vote - where would students get the money for that? Wang Ling thought that as a student, an official subscription as a form of support was already pretty good! Saying that you didn't have money because you were a student and so you read the pirated version was never an excuse.

Lord Thunder always followed Father Wang's books closely!

So after watching the news, he immediately expressed support for it in the group. "Everyone! Senior Wang's book The Live Streaming Life of the Immortal King is now ranked third in the monthly votes chart! Is it possible for everyone to mobilize whatever strength there is around you to help Senior Wang campaign for votes?"

Dharmaraja was the first to respond as he immediately sent an OK sign. "No problem! I'll vote for Senior Wang!"

Cailian Zhenren sent a fist salute emoji. "I don't really read this type of novel, but I still support Senior Wang. I'll contribute a hundred monthly votes."

Immortal Toya: "But Senior Immortal, our strength alone is not enough. This gap is a little big."

Lord Thunder nodded his head and said, "Everybody, vote first. I've already announced an event in my cultivation forum to cheer Senior Wang on! No matter what, we have to make Senior Wang the top!"

Just then, he directly sent out the link to the event.

When Wang Ling clicked on the link, he saw two big words on the event's main page: Summit War 1 ...

1(A reference to the 'Summit War' Saga in the series "One Piece..")





Chapter 549 Lie Mengmeng Is Stupefied!


As administrator, Lord Thunder rarely popped up in the cultivation forum. He only came on to handle any disputes forum members might have, and he hardly ever posted anything in support of anyone.

Actually, Wang Ling had always felt that Lord Thunder's appeal shouldn't be underestimated. As soon as this renowned "Great Death-Courting Senior" in the cultivation circle posted, it almost immediately spread throughout the circle.

In less than ten minutes, there were already close to a thousand replies on this "Summit War" post.

"The hell?! Senior Immortal actually popped up!"

"I never thought Senior Immortal would also be following this book! He's actually helping Wang Situ campaign for votes, it looks like he's a true fan!"

"Cry cry cry! I really like Uncle Wang Situ! But Spirit Sword Sect also has an event on! They say that if you give Braised Pork Shoulder twenty monthly votes, they'll send you a tray of frozen Wang Lu sashimi1 as a gift!"

1(Wang Lu is the protagonist of the Chinese novel "Once Upon A Time, There Was A Spirit Sword Mountain." The running joke is that he can prepare all kinds of sashimi dishes.) "Senior Immortal, you are a real comrade! [Fist Salute] [Fist Salute] But Wang Situ is fighting a losing battle in the monthly votes this time... The gap is already too big."

...

Reading these comments, Lord Thunder's heart was as clear as a mirror. There was actually a limit to what he could do with the cultivation forum's resources; he could only help create momentum and vocalize his support for Father Wang at the most. After all, the target users in the cultivation forum and on Cultivation Chinese Network were different; it was almost impossible for a single post to turn the tide in the number of votes.

As a result of the double monthly votes campaign, Father Wang was currently falling behind by nearly a million votes.

Generally speaking, the true explosion happened on the final day of the monthly votes battle or in the final hour of the double monthly votes campaign.

But whether it was the Spirit Sword Sect which backed Braised Pork Shoulder or the Divine Dynasty Sect which backed Braised Pig Feet in Sauce, both of these heavenly-level sects had yet to demonstrate real force.

Looking at the ranking chart, Lord Thunder couldn't help frowning.

When all was said and done, these were heavenly-level sects.

Lord Thunder, on the other hand, just ran an online forum. He had earned quite a fair bit over the years, but if he were to go head to head with a heavenly-level sect, he would definitely lose. Nowadays, there were actually plenty of companies that had started as online businesses first before expanding into the real economy. Lord Thunder had in fact been harboring a bold idea all this time — he also wanted to establish a sect!

It was just that this wouldn't be easy - if you wanted to achieve something, you needed to put in the effort. Construction, planning, philosophy, school system, business model, enrolment regulations... He had to think about all of this.

But at the rate that the cultivation forum was growing, even if he could settle all the above issues, the sect would at best only qualify as earth level in the final appraisal.

An earth-level sect was not Lord Thunder's goal!

Since he wanted to do it, he had to go all the way!

Of course, that was a story for later...

The most important thing now was to campaign for votes for Senior Wang!

Although heavenly-level sects had a very solid foundation, the cultivation forum's online influence also wasn't low!

Besides, he still had a general whom he had yet to mobilize!

Lord Thunder was just about to open the live streaming program to look for Daoist Guang when the latter directly sent him a private message. "Brother Lei! Is Senior Wang's novel calling for votes now? I just advertised it for Senior Wang in the live stream room!"

Daoist Guang attached a screenshot of the live stream room; at the very top, he had posted a link to Father Wang's novel in big, bold characters. His live stream room numbers now held steady at over ten million people! He had almost become the big brother of the live streaming entertainment circle!

Lord Thunder: "Thank you for your support, Brother Guang!"

However, Lord Thunder was now confronted with the same kind of problem advertisers faced.

Because the audience was different, there was a limit to the number of people who could help Father Wang.

After all, not all of these ten million people read novels, and not all of them were rich - most of Daoist Guang's fans were very young. And if one had to know, the top position on Daoist Guang's fans list was still occupied by Father Wang's registered ID [Has Three Days And Two Sleeps Been Updated]!

Daoist Guang sighed and typed in reply, "But Brother Lei, I don't think the results are very good... I just heard the water friends say that there are two heavenly-level sects backing the other two writers' books. If we rely on just your and my strength to wrestle with established heavenly-level sects, I'm afraid we're not their match."

At this time, Dharmaraja in the group sent a message. "Senior Wang's votes have increased very quickly, it's now at 1.2 million. But the other two writers already have almost two million votes..."

Lord Thunder frowned. "So it's a consistent difference of eight hundred thousand votes..."

"How about we think up other ways? Like rigging the votes..."

"Absolutely not!" Lord Thunder shook his head at once and replied, "Since the votes of these two writers weren't rigged, but were due to the support from heavenly-level sects, I'm afraid that we'll become laughingstocks if we got found out for helping push Senior Wang up. And most importantly, his reputation will also suffer."

After Lord Thunder said this, the group immediately fell into a deep silence.

All of a sudden, Nine Times Man, who had been silent in the group the whole time, sent a fist salute emoji at that moment. "Everyone, I will offer up five hundred thousand monthly votes to Senior Wang later."

At this message, the chat group instantly exploded.

Immortal Toya: "???"

Lord Thunder: "???"

Cailian Zhenren: "???"

Lightning Dharmaraja: "Damn, it turns out Nine Times Man is an invisible tyrant!"

"..."

In fact, when he saw this, Wang Ling already knew... Father Wang had most likely already contacted that strongest fan of his.

In the end, this was one of the Ten Founding Generals...

If it was five immortal gold bars for a monthly vote, five hundred thousand monthly votes would come to 2.5 million immortal gold bars!

This was just too terrifying!

...

Meanwhile, Lie Mengmeng was still nervously waiting in front of the TV, but Father Wang was watching a drama, so Lie Mengmeng could only use his phone to check the chart.

He was gratified to see that Father Wang's votes continued to increase, but while the gap was getting smaller, it was clearly still far from enough.

"I'm going to the bathroom." Father Wang patted Lie Mengmeng on the shoulder.

Father Wang's butt had barely left the sofa when Lie Mengmeng grabbed the TV remote to switch to the channel for the monthly votes count.

After flipping through a few channels, however, he felt something was off with some of the TV programs...

[Cultivation Sports Channel]

At the world table tennis championships, a male player from their country with the surname Ma was giving a moving speech after receiving the gold medal. "I'm grateful! I want to thank my country! I want to thank my parents! I want to thank my coach! I want to thank my training partners who were with me the whole way. I also want to thank Lao Gudong Situ's The Live Streaming Life of the Immortal King for bringing me joy! Whenever I felt like I couldn't carry on anymore, it was Lao Gudong Situ's book that encouraged me! Everybody, please cast a monthly vote for him, thank you!"

Lie Mengmeng: "???"

Lie Mengmeng changed the channel with a befuddled expression on his face.

[Cultivation Food Channel]

A chef was being interviewed by a reporter on the street. "Mr Chuangzhen2, how do you find inspiration for the various culinary delights that you create?"

2(This is the Chinese pronunciation of the name of the protagonist in "Shokugeki no Soma," a manga and anime series set in a culinary school ..) This chef called Chuangzhen smiled slightly into the camera and gave a V sign. "Of course it's by reading The Live Streaming Life of the Immortal King! Lao Gudong Situ writes very well! 666!"

Lie Mengmeng: "???"

Another channel...

[Cultivation News Broadcast]

A female newsreader sat upright and solemn as she reported the international news. "Today, in response to Mixiu nation making unnecessary trouble, the spokesperson for the Ministry of National Defense, Minister Shi, has said that he will see the matter through to the end..."

After saying this, she suddenly paused.

Because at that moment, she was suddenly handed a document from the side. Thanks to her professional bearing, she remained unruffled. "Everyone, the following is urgent news!"

The female newscaster lowered her head and skimmed the contents of the document before quickly looking up once more. "Please offer up your monthly votes to The Live Streaming Life of the Immortal King by author Wang Situ! Thank you!"

Lie Mengmeng was utterly stupefied. "What the fuck!!!





Chapter 550 The Unperturbed Editorial Office


Lie Mengmeng rubbed his eyes and dug out his ears repeatedly to confirm that he wasn't hallucinating!

Yes! He hadn't seen wrong!

All the programs now were broadcasting news helping Father Wang to campaign for votes. Whether it was sports athletes, local celebrities or big shots in various industries, all of them had started to campaign for monthly votes for Father Wang on TV... Lie Mengmeng looked at the list of trending topics, and sure enough, this matter had already climbed to the top as a hot search, and it wasn't in just one topic.

In a short instant, trending topics like "XXX Expresses Support for Wang Situ" and "XXX Begs for Votes for Wang Situ" dominated the list.

"Why isn't anyone reacting? This is a huge deal!!!" Lie Mengmeng expressed his shock with three exclamation points.

"What do you mean, captain..."

"Hm... I can't say too much."

"..."

Looking at the strength of a society that had currently joined forces on TV and in the list of trending topics, Father Wang could indeed be said to be unbeatable. What kind of power was it that was holding him up behind the scenes... Lie Mengmeng's imagination had already started to run wild.

The problem was, he hadn't seen Father Wang do anything!

It seemed that he had merely sent a text message to one of his big shot fans...

Looking at it now, this clearly wasn't any ordinary big shot; it was very likely a force with a background and foundation that was stronger than any heavenly-level sect.

Lie Mengmeng was very perceptive and he expressed his gratitude immediately. "Thank you, captain!"

There were some things that you could discern but shouldn't speak about...

"This is a trivial matter; just remember, you just need to keep calm in the future. Also, if reporters come looking for you to interview Lao Gudong Situ or something, the website's general policy is to reject all of them; Lao Gudong Situ isn't interested in any of this. I'll make a point of it at the meeting tomorrow."

Lie Mengmeng: "Mm, okay, captain!"

Lie Mengmeng nodded weakly. "Yes..."

Lie Mengmeng: "..."

...

It was July 18th on Tuesday in the thirteenth week of the semester.

The "Summit War" last night between both Pork Shoulder and Pig Feet and Father Wang (Wang Situ) ended with Father Wang proclaimed the victor after he obtained a crushing number of votes which turned the tide by midnight; by the end of the double monthly votes campaign, the monthly votes for the two writers Pork Shoulder and Pig Feet were around three million, while Father Wang was far in front with an outstanding six million monthly votes...

But the truth was that Father Wang's votes last night had actually surpassed ten million; it was just that the website had kept the remaining four million votes a secret with Father Wang's permission.

After all, they were all authors on the same website and he should help his peers save some face...

The impact of this incident wasn't minor; Wang Ling heard people around him discussing it on his way to school that morning. After all, so many celebrities had expressed their support last night!

Yesterday's trending topics had been about the support from various celebrities; today's topic was [Who Exactly Is Wang Situ]...

As soon as Wang Ling walked into the classroom that morning, he could hear Guo Hao making a ruckus as he recounted the fierce battle in the "Summit War" last night.

The students in class weren't just simply bystanders; the vast majority were in fact fans of Father Wang... Wang Ling felt that in some sense, his old man was just as invincible as he was.

Guo Hao slapped his thigh and sighed feelingly. "Wang Situ is really too strong... That wave last night, tch... The only thing he's lacking now is the support of the head of state!"

Wang Ling: "..."

"Guo Hao, have you found out anything?" Su Xiao asked.

Everyone in class couldn't help turning to look at Guo Hao at the same time.

"I seem to remember you saying last time that you have an uncle who works at Guodian..."

"What does Guodian have to do with this? Is the factory director going to take the stage?"

"Guodian... is short for National Telecommunications and Cybersecurity Administration..." The corner of Chen Chao's lips twitched as he replied1.

1(Chen Chao is referring to 'guo' in the Chinese word for 'national' and 'dian' in 'telecommunications.' However, 'Guodian' is the name of one of China's largest suppliers of electricity ..) "..."

"Last night, one of my uncles indeed did investigate Wang Situ's identity..." Guo Hao sighed when he brought this up and was a little depressed. "But before he could find out anything, he was caught by his leader and punished; he's been suspended for a week, and is writing a self-reflection at home."

"..."

Everyone trembled when they heard this, feeling as if they'd gotten a taste of what the forces which ran society were like... That there was something in this world which Guo Hao didn't know was really amazing!

Just then, Chen Chao joked, "Actually, I've always wondered if this Wang Situ might be Wang Ling's dad. Hahaha! Even the surname is the same!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 551 Senior Zhuo Yi, Do You Do Online Relationships


Number 60 High School's midterm exams were officially over by noon, and Wang Ling was pretty satisfied with his performance. As long as there weren't any unforeseen circumstances, his grades should place him seventh or eighth in class; whether it was one or the other would be left to fate. In a class of just fifteen students, seventh or eighth place didn't make a difference.

There were times when even Wang Ling himself felt that he had to let nature take its course.

Noon also happened to be when Number 60 High School ushered in the first school activity after the nerve-wracking midterm exams — the district sports meet.

This sports competition this time wasn't as troublesome as the previous spirit sword exchange meet had been.

Like the military training for the six schools, it was also a major event that involved a lot of planning.

The district sports meet would be employing a system where the adjudicators would go to the schools. Except for the battle of soul pets, which was more for entertainment value, the other events would be scored by professional referees invited by the city education branch of the General Administration of 100 Schools. The tabulated scores would be published online straightaway; the competition points system would be made public and transparent, and it would even be possible to check the results and rankings instantly.

Thus, there wouldn't be any running to and fro in this district competition this time; the students would all remain in their own schools.

Only the battle of soul pets would take place at the spirit beast assessment center downtown, which Er Ha and Wei Zhi had been to before.

For the competition, the spirit beasts would battle it out in the assessment center's specialized arena.

The event Wang Ling would be participating in that afternoon was the relay with Fang Xing and the others.

There were ten people in a team for the ten thousand-meter relay with swords, and each person would run one thousand meters.

At half past one in the afternoon, a lot of people gathered on the sports field at Number 60 High School; students from various classes sat down according to their year and class in circles that had been drawn on the ground outside of the sports track.

Wang Ling noticed that the referees that had been sent by the city office were already all in position. There were four people in total, including Zhuo Yi. Supposedly, three of them were referees while the fourth would act as an arbiter.

Zhuo Yi was the arbiter.

At the moment, the three referees were speaking with Lao Gudong at a distance. Lao Gudong now played a very important role; given his way with words, he wasn't just a history teacher now, but was also basically responsible for all of Number 60 High School's "diplomatic activities"... How did people communicate with each other? By talking big!

Who was more glib a talker than Lao Gudong?

A history teacher's brain was full of classical quotes.

...

According to the schedule, Headmaster Chen was about to give the opening address for the sports meet, but some of the classes weren't in position yet. The students who were already waiting on the sports field whispered to each other, causing the scene to be a little noisy.

"Look! Senior Zhuo Yi!"

"Senior Zhuo Yi is getting more and more handsome! He looks a lot more mature than when I saw him the last time."

When Zhuo Yi appeared, Wang Ling heard a lot of guys and girls cheering for him.

Previously, their impression of Zhuo Yi had merely been that of a legendary senior who had killed a demon king with one strike, but after the series of major incidents that had happened and the arrest of several major criminals, his image in the minds of a lot of students at Number 60 High School had instantly grown several thousand times over.

"I heard that when they busted up the Demon Hunters Association the last time, it was Senior Zhuo Yi who received the tip-off and personally took the lead as they went in and arrested people. Thanks to him, every branch of the Demon Hunters Association was shut down and who knows how many spirit beasts were rescued. This truly is a huge service to the country!"

"But it's a pity that the boss behind the Demon Hunters Association is still at large."

"Also, did you realize... first it was that Shadow Stream assassins group, then it was the Master of Shadow Stream Jiang Liuyue. After that it was the old demon, the Master of Immortal Mansion, and then the capture of Evil Sword God... it was Senior Zhuo Yi who caught all of them, too amazing! He must have a very high IQ!"

"How can you tell?"

"Just think about it. With cultivation at the peak late Golden Core stage, how else can he have survived until now!"

"..."

After saying this, this boy suddenly stood up and started doing a wild cheer for Zhuo Yi as he yelled in a loud voice, "Senior Zhuo Yi! Do you know! I have always! Liked you!

"My brain and my heart! Every organ in my body from head to toe is telling you! I like you!

"Senior Zhuo Yi, do you do online relationships?! The kind where we'll never break up!"

"..."

Everyone was terrified by this scene, and Wang Ling sighed.

In broad daylight before heaven and earth, what kind of courage was this...

This guy was then dragged off by his teacher-in-charge to be lectured.

Sitting on either side of Wang Ling, Chen Chao and Guo Hao were also stunned stupid by this scene for a bit.

Chen Chao: "Who's that?"

Guo Hao whispered, "That's Hu Su from Grade Three... He's in the same class as Senior Yu. I heard that he was held back for four years, and during the Shuigou Sect incident, his mother even dissed Teacher Ye." (Note: To read this again, please look at Chapter 365: "Parents and Teachers")

Chen Chao was startled. "That's odd. Why didn't the school expel him?"

Guo Hao shrugged. "Because his grades improved by leaps and bounds!"

Chen Chao was blank. "Why did they suddenly start to improve?"

At that point, Guo Hao couldn't help turning to look at Zhuo Yi in front of them. "That's the power of a role model!"

"A weak student... became bent just like that..."

Chen Chao heaved a sigh. "Actually, I don't feel that Senior Zhuo Yi is as amazing as we think. Maybe it's luck, or he's reaping the fruits of someone else's labor... I've always felt this is the case. Then again, for one person to be able to take all the credit without fail time and time again doesn't seem very realistic..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Five minutes later, the noisy sports field had settled down.

Headmaster Chen stood on the platform with a microphone in his hand. "Students, let me say a few simple words."

And then, half an hour passed...

During the speech, Zhuo Yi looked very modest as he stood behind Headmaster Chen with his hands behind his back and a slight smile on his face.

Chen Chao and Guo Hao noticed that Zhuo Yi's gaze was fixed on one spot the entire time; it looked like he kept glancing in their direction.

Chen Chao asked Guo Hao in a low voice, "What is Senior Zhuo looking at..."

Guo Hao: "He must be looking at girls. Indeed, there are a lot of pretty girls in our Senior Grade One."

Chen Chao shook his head. "Senior Zhuo isn't that kind of person - he wouldn't target female juniors from his alma mater. His expression doesn't seem right for it; he looks very modest and respectful, as if his shifu is here."

Wang Ling: "..."

Guo Hao: "Headmaster Chen might not have taught Senior Zhuo, but he was already the leader when Senior Zhuo was in Number 60 High School. I think it's pretty normal. Senior Zhuo Yi is one level higher than Headmaster Chen in office, but he's still this humble and sincere; that's not easy to do."

Chen Chao narrowed his eyes and felt that only a small part of this respect was for Headmaster Chen...

As for Guo Hao's reasoning, Chen Chao could only accept it reluctantly. "Senior Zhuo seems to be looking over here all the time. That expression... Anyone would think that his shifu is sitting among the three of us!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 552 Wang Ling, Why Don't You Roll Up Your Pant Legs?


Wang Ling felt like Chen Chao had awoken some sort of strange skill - his intuition was terrifyingly accurate!

At 2:20pm, the much-anticipated men's ten thousand-meter relay officially began. Number 60 High School's sports field was small, so one lap was only four hundred meters. During the ten-men relay with swords, each person would need to run two and a half laps. The spirit swords that would be used specifically for the competition were provided by the referees. They were black iron swords with broad blades that were pitch-black in color and which looked very heavy; it would be pretty tough trying to control them skillfully.

This black iron sword was equivalent to the relay baton in a normal relay.

The relay competition required the participants to keep the spirit sword floating above their heads as they ran. Controlling the sword while running hard at the same time was a way of tempering a person's mind and eye coordination, and they had to be very focused. Any distraction as they ran might cause the spirit sword above their head to fall down, and they would waste time getting it to float again.

Concentration thus played a very important role in the ten thousand-meter relay, and teamwork was just as important. The person receiving the baton had to calculate the time precisely and inject their own spirit energy into the black iron sword the moment they took the baton. Keeping the sword constantly floating in the air was the best way to save time in the competition.

From Grade One, Class Three, only Wang Ling and Chen Chao were taking part in this event, while Sun Rong and Lin Xiaoyu had signed up for the women's ten thousand-meter relay.

For the sake of fostering good cooperation in the ten-men relay, Wang Ling had practiced a lot during PE lessons in school. Apart from Class Two's Fang Xing and Jiang Bai, he actually wasn't familiar with the people from the other classes.

However, Jiang Bai wasn't competing in this event. For a normal student at the Foundation Establishment stage, this ten thousand-meter relay actually consumed a lot of strength and spirit energy. Jiang Bai had to take part in the archery event tomorrow, so Teacher Ye wanted to ensure that Jiang Bai was in peak condition in terms of his spirit energy and strength since this was directly related to his ability to focus.

In the PE lesson previously, Fang Xing had run four thousand meters with a sword in one and a half minutes, which was an average of forty-four meters per second. This was actually the highest speed a peak late Foundation Establishment student could achieve. Without activating the White Night Spell and Immortal Mode, Fang Xing was still an Itinerant Immortal, so it was easy for him to control his speed.

Sometimes, Wang Ling actually quite envied Fang Xing, because the other boy could control his strength. But that was also because Fang Xing didn't have primordial qi running wild in his body, otherwise he definitely wouldn't be in any better condition than Wang Ling.

After some practice, Wang Ling could somewhat estimate what his running speed should be.

He didn't want to stand out; looking at the overall strength of the people participating in this men's ten thousand-meter relay, he thought that the best would be to keep his running speed at roughly twenty meters per second.

It was now time for the athletes to assemble. In the distance, Teacher Ye waved a small flag next to the running track.

"Let's go, Wang Ling!" Chen Chao instantly patted Wang Ling's shoulder.

The two of them stood up and walked toward Teacher Ye.

They took off their jackets, which was Number 60 High School's uniform the whole year round. The jacket was warm in winter and cool in summer. Inside was a short-sleeved shirt which was part of a matching set with the jacket, that had the word "Elite" for the elite class on the back, and the pants. Made out of spirit cotton, the uniform fit well, and you wouldn't feel too cold in winter or too hot in summer.

However, Number 60 High School's school uniform had already been the same for several decades.

Wang Ling heard that when they moved up to Grade Two, the school would custom make completely new versions of the school uniforms, one set for each of the four seasons.

He also heard that the building funds from Huaguo Water Curtain Group had come in.

When the time came, it wouldn't just be new school uniforms; if things proceeded quickly, by the time summer vacation came around, the whole of Number 60 High School would have gotten a facelift. The school buildings would be refurbished and even the sports field expanded.

But in all these renovation projects, it was said that there were two things which Headmaster Chen had decided to preserve.

One was the old stone sculpture that had sat at Number 60 High School's entrance since the school had been first established until now.

The other was the half-dead spirit palms still clinging to life that grew next to the teaching block which the students jokingly called "strong trees."

...

When the ten athletes took the field, Wang Ling noticed that there were quite a number of people staring at him.

Of course, among this mix of gazes, Zhuo Yi's gaze was the hottest.

" Shifu , good luck!" Zhuo Yi tried his best to hold himself back as he stared at Wang Ling and cheered loudly in his heart!

He knew that Wang Ling would definitely hear him with the Mind-Reading Ability!

Wang Ling: "..."

At the same time, some girls were talking about Wang Ling in low voices.

"Who's that?"

"I don't recognize him... It seems he's from Grade One, Class Three."

"Wow, I've been here for so long, how come I've never seen him before? Is he such a nobody?"

At that moment, Jiang Bai, who was sitting next to the girls, quietly looked up. "In the spirit sword exchange meet previously, Senior Zhuo Yi borrowed his spirit sword."

"Oh, him!"

Realization dawned on the girls, and their expressions turned a little awkward.

It wasn't that they hadn't seen him, but that they had chosen to forget after seeing him...

Hugging his knees as he sat on the ground, Jiang Bai mumbled softly, "Student Wang Ling's awesome..."

"I can't see how... he has such a weak presence. His grades are definitely just right down the middle," said one girl. "Also, his looks are average, and he isn't good-looking. If he really was handsome, I would've remembered him on first sight!"

Zhuo Yi heard everything this girl said.

On the platform, Zhuo Yi turned slightly toward Headmaster Chen with a smile as he asked, "Teacher Chen~ that girl over there, what class is she from?"

He always addressed Headmaster Chen as Teacher Chen.

Headmaster Chen took a look before answering immediately, "Oh, Regular Class Two; that's the class that Jiang Bai, the son of the head of Kitchen Knife Sect, is in."

"I see~"

Zhuo Yi smiled again. "Student Jiang Bai is participating in the competition tomorrow, and he's exempted from homework today. But the rest of his class will have one... oh, no, two more test papers to do. Secretary Dakang borrowed these test papers from some collection of school exercises and they can't be bought on the market."

Headmaster Chen's eyes instantly lit up. "Wonderful! I'll talk to their teacher-in-charge!"

But he was also a little puzzled. "Then the other classes..."

"No change for everyone else!"

Zhuo Yi said mysteriously, "This is an experiment, and it's classified."

Headmaster Chen wore an expression of someone who had been enlightened.

...

On the other side of the sports field, Chen Chao silently rolled up his pant legs, revealing his tough calf muscles.

This was the typical prep for a sports-oriented student. Limited by his realm, Chen Chao definitely wasn't as fast as Fang Xing. However, Chen Chao's family cultivated an ancient martial art; they had been doing so for generations, and they were also a household that emphasized exercise. For his realm at the late Foundation Establishment stage, Chen Chao couldn't be considered slow! If he went all out, he could run thirty meters or more per second.

Wang Ling thought at first that Chen Chao had rolled up his pant legs to show off his calf muscles, but in the end, he noticed that Fang Xing had bent down to start doing the same. Unlike Chen Chao's muscular calves, Fang Xing's were slender and fit a model's proportions.

On the platform, Zhuo Yi yelled in his heart again. "Chen Chao roll it up! Chen Chao roll it up! After Chen Chao, Fang Xing roll it up! Fang Xing roll it up! After Fang Xing, shifu roll it up!"

"..."

Puzzled, Wang Ling looked around and noticed that the guys participating had all started rolling up their pant legs.

"Because the legs of our school pants are quite loose, it's better to roll them up when you're doing high intensity sports. These bandages will protect your muscles!" Teacher Ye explained as he handed the bandages out. At the same time, he glanced at Wang Ling. "Student Wang Ling, don't just stand there, hurry up and roll up your pant legs!"

After some hesitation, Wang Ling then crouched down...





Chapter 553 How To Deal With a Troll


Wang Ling's calves were different from Chen Chao's and Fang Xing's; they weren't as muscular or slender, but the first impression they gave people was that they were clean and well-shaped. Wang Ling rolled his pant legs up and then bound them tightly like the other guys.

At that time, Teacher Ye looked at Wang Ling and examined his muscles.

When he had done the test run back then, Wang Ling had jogged while controlling his spirit sword easily. His face hadn't turned red and he hadn't even gasped for breath; this was clearly the results of constant cultivation and exercise.

Apart from PE lessons, Teacher Ye also served as a personal fitness coach; he felt that based on Wang Ling's stamina, he should at the very least have defined muscles rather than what he looked like now, which was no muscles at all.

"Student Wang Ling is a bit thin..." Teacher Ye couldn't help frowning.

Next to Chen Chao, a guy with even more extreme muscles than the former couldn't help laughing. "Can this brother do it? During the test last time, I didn't think he ran very fast... He's so thin! Like white cut chicken!"

Wang Ling didn't say anything and acted like he hadn't heard the guy - he had no intention of taking notice of him at all. This person might have crazy muscles and definitely did intense workouts, but that actually didn't necessarily pay off in actual combat... It wasn't true that the more muscles you had, the better. Training your muscles excessively could cause your meridians to close up and slow down the flow of spirit energy.

Therefore, it was quality over quantity when it came to muscles.

What was more, it wasn't that Wang Ling didn't have muscles; he just wasn't showing them off...

"Are you laughing at our classmate?" Chen Chao looked at this guy.

He was Shi Shuai from Elite Class Two, which was Fang Xing's class. Furthermore, he was a well-known troll! He really liked to argue with other people for the sake of arguing!

"That's right, I'm laughing at him... No matter how slow I run, I think I'll still be faster than this white cut chicken classmate!" Shi Shuai chuckled.

"Are you looking for a fight?" Chen Chao was unable to take it, already long annoyed by this guy.

Teacher Ye was alarmed; just as the relay was going to start, they had already started to argue...

Shi Shuai rolled up his sleeves. "I, Shi Shuai, don't scare easily! There are ten of us running, and although the final count is based on our overall times, we can still see each person's individual time. I'll definitely run faster than him!"

He pointed at Wang Ling. "Look at this skinny brother. When I first saw him, he looks malnourished. This is the result of eating cheap snacks everyday - whatlatiao , what crispy noodle snacks, these types of things aren't healthy!"

On the platform, Lao Gudong suddenly felt like his heart had been pierced... What was wrong with latiao ? What did latiao ever do to this boy? An official limited edition latiao pack was very expensive!

"Watch your mouth." On the side, Fang Xing's expression immediately turned cold.

Shi Shuai couldn't help muttering, "Heh, we'll see who makes a fool of themselves later!"

Wang Ling still didn't say anything, but the expression on his face was noticeably a lot darker than before. He eyed Shi Shuai... Silence spoke louder than words at that moment. Although Wang Ling hadn't said a single word, everyone at the scene couldn't help quivering.

Shivers traveled down their spines.

It was like being stared at with burning killing intent.

On the platform, Zhuo Yi could very clearly see how everyone in school twitched in the wake of that scene.

Looking up at the sky, Headmaster Chen couldn't help rubbing his hands together. "This strange weather... why did the temperature drop so suddenly?"

What the hell...

What was going on?

This was clearly a white cut chicken so weak a gust of wind could blow him over - so why did one look from him make Shi Shuai's hair stand on end?

Shi Shuai couldn't figure it out no matter how he thought about it.

Without saying anything, Fang Xing gave a sigh before he smiled and patted this Classmate Shi Shuai on the shoulder. "Do your best..."

Shi Shuai was baffled by Fang Xing's warning. Of all the people present at the scene, only Fang Xing and Zhuo Yi knew that the moment this Classmate Shi Shuai had dissed crispy noodle snacks... he was already "dead"!

...

After everyone got into position on the track, the ten thousand-meter relay officially began. Shi Shuai just happened to be the first athlete.

At that moment, the referee raised the starting gun. "Stand by!"

Shi Shuai had already manipulated this heavy black iron sword so that it floated above his head.

It was a lot heavier than the spirit sword that they normally used for practice, and he couldn't help gritting his teeth. "Shit! " But things had already come to this point, so he couldn't back out. Since he had bragged so much earlier, he had to go all out no matter what! At the very least, he couldn't lose to that white cut chicken!

" Bang !"

The gun was fired.

This robust Classmate Shi strode forward like an arrow let loose! That black iron sword held steady above his head as he sprinted! But it was very obvious that the black iron sword was too cumbersome, so Shi Shuai wasn't able to reach the speed he wanted; there was still half a lap to go, and he was already sweating buckets!

He had said before that the fastest speed he had ever achieved was thirty-three meters per second, which was over thirty seconds per kilometer.

Very quickly, he passed on the baton.

Chen Chao was the second athlete. After taking the baton, Chen Chao dashed off at the speed of light while controlling the sword. Shi Shuai bent over with his hands on his knees as he gasped for breath.

He raised his head to look at this time on the electronic board on the side.

Fif... fifty seconds...

How could that be...

Right! It definitely had to be because the black iron sword was too heavy!

Since he could only do fifty seconds, then everyone else's times definitely wouldn't be great! Especially that white cut chicken!

Shi Shuai glared fiercely at Wang Ling.

Wang Ling completely didn't take any notice of him.

Very soon, Chen Chao came round with the sword and passed the baton on to the third runner, a boy from Class Two. Unlike Shi Shuai, Chen Chao actually didn't think that this back iron sword was as heavy as he had imagined it to be.

He didn't even feel like he had sweated much when he passed the baton on.

At this time, everyone was focused on the electronic board while the referee verified the result.

Chen Chao's time was straightaway announced.

"Twenty-nine seconds!"

"What the hell?! He did twenty-nine seconds?!"

"What the hell?! I did twenty-nine seconds?!"

Both Chen Chao and Shi Shuai were simultaneously dumbfounded.

"You outdid yourself, Chen Chao!" Teacher Ye was wild with joy as he patted Chen Chao on the shoulder enthusiastically and couldn't help hugging him!

Only Fang Xing, standing quietly on the side, smiled with the expression of one who had seen through everything. "Classmate Wang Ling, later, can you help me out a little?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Fang Xing knew that Wang Ling had definitely done something so that Chen Chao could finish running his lap so effortlessly. Otherwise, even if Chen Chao had outdone himself, it would still have been impossible for him to achieve this heaven-defying time of twenty-nine seconds.

Strategically casting a minor spell in this type of competition couldn't be any easier for Wang Ling.

Fang Xing was the fourth runner, in front of Wang Ling who was fifth.

The third runner was actually average. Shi Shuai thought that no matter how bad his time was, he was definitely still a lot faster than this person!

When the third runner passed the baton, the whole school almost subconsciously turned their eyes to the electronic board.

The referee announced the result.

Thirty-five seconds!

The whole school screamed!

Shi Shuai: "???"

...

It was obvious that Wang Ling had cast a minor spell on this boy to make him lighter.

However, Shi Shuai's earlier time of fifty seconds was actually real - Wang Ling hadn't done anything.

Above all, their performance in the sports meet was related to the entire school's reputation, so Wang Ling felt it wasn't worthwhile to especially go out of his way to trip Shi Shuai up with some obstructive spell. At most, he just wouldn't help Shi Shuai.

Anyway, Wang Ling was well aware that if he helped push up everyone else's times, the person who lost face in the end would still be Shi Shuai.

If you didn't teach this type of troll a lesson...

He would really regard himself as Archimedes 1 !

1(Archimedes once said, "Give me a place to stand on, and I can move the earth.")





Chapter 554 The Importance of Encouragement!


In that moment, Shi Shuai suddenly started to feel some regret. He had talked big before the relay, but had never ever expected three people one after another to do better than him. Furthermore, they were tens of seconds faster!

How was that possible...

Shi Shuai felt wounded as his confidence was dealt a heavy blow.

But before he could finish lamenting, Fang Xing on the other side moved like a thunderclap, and he simply ran like lightning before smoothly passing the baton to Wang Ling.

Shi Shuai didn't react at all as he stared blankly at Fang Xing. "Didn't you just receive the baton?"

This was too fast!

Hands on his hips, Fang Xing smiled as he looked at Shi Shuai. "That's right, I'm already done."

Shi Shuai: "..."

On the other side, the referee announced the time.

Fang Xing: twenty-five seconds!

Shi Shuai almost coughed up blood... This was two times faster than his time!

With such a heavy black iron sword, Fang Xing could still run as fast as forty meters per second; was he human?

Seeing this time, Chen Chao couldn't help sighing ruefully even as he sincerely admired Fang Xing's strength.

To be honest, he had actually disliked Fang Xing in the beginning as he had felt that this person was like the sun wherever he went; he was the complete opposite to Wang Ling, and was especially eye-catching.

Chen Chao could admit that he had been a little jealous at the very beginning. But after adjusting his mindset, his impression of Fang Xing was: he had to admire this person!

Sometimes, when you really weren't a person's match, you could only accept the truth and then make up your mind to work hard. There was no use just standing on the side and speaking with bitter envy.

After facing up to who Fang Xing really was, Chen Chao had nothing but pure admiration for him.

This person had skin as nice as a girl's and he had the figure of a male model. He was good in both his studies and sports, which was truly rare! This was simply a perfect combination of the best traits of a guy and a girl...

"This Student Fang Xing transferred here just recently, but his performance has been very good." On the platform, Headmaster Chen praised Fang Xing highly.

"Mm, he's very good." Zhuo Yi nodded perfunctorily and wasn't as excited as Headmaster Chen was about Fang Xing's outstanding performance; his attention was all on Wang Ling dashing around the field.

This was his first time seeing his shifu run! He was so elegant! As he ran, his bangs were lifted off his forehead to reveal a bright and clean face, which made Zhuo Yi uncontrollably excited - shifu was so handsome!

In the end, Wang Ling's time as the fifth runner was thirty-two seconds.

Of course, he had specially manipulated this result so that it wasn't especially high or especially low.

Most importantly, this result was already enough to give Classmate Shi Shuai, who had talked big earlier, a slap in the face.

When his time was announced, Wang Ling didn't say anything, and only pulled his shirt up to wipe at the sweat on his face.

Zhuo Yi started breathing heavier at this movement, and he couldn't help giving an inward thumbs-up! Shifu's abs were like iron!

The truth was that suppressing the primordial qi that resided in Wang Ling's body also took physical effort, even with the help of the talisman, since restraining it wasn't that easy.

When Wang Ling was doing an intense sports activity in particular, the concentration of primordial qi would increase, and Wang Ling would need to run an equal amount of spirit energy through his body in order to suppress and neutralize it. It was like his nerves were stretched taut all the time and he couldn't relax at all. When he had received the baton from Fang Xing just now, he had been afraid that he wouldn't be able to hold the primordial qi back and that it would leak out.

Otherwise, how would he need thirty-three seconds to finish these one thousand meters - it would have just taken him a blink of an eye.

Controlling his result was too difficult!

Sighing inwardly, he walked quietly across the grass to where their jackets were piled together, picked up his own and put it on.

He realized suddenly that everyone was looking at him strangely.

Why were they all staring at him?

After Wang Ling zipped up his jacket, both Chen Chao and Fang Xing came over.

Chen Chao couldn't help praising him. "Not bad, Wang Ling, you're not completely white cut chicken after all!"

Wang Ling: "???"

Fang Xing gave a faint smile. "What he means is that your abs are pretty good."

Chen Chao was very loud, and when he said "white cut chicken" this nickname very loudly, Wang Ling subconsciously turned to look at Shi Shuai on the side, who was covering his face in shame. But he noticed that while Shi Shuai had his hands over his face, he was still sneaking assessing looks at Wang Ling through his fingers.

Shi Shuai was feeling very remorseful now. For some reason, he found this white cut chicken classmate, who had unintentionally flashed his abs, a little handsome!

Should he apologize or not?

Shi Shuai struggled in his heart...

...

In the end, Number 60 High School's ten-men ten thousand-meter relay event took five minutes and forty-three seconds, which was a total of three hundred and forty-three seconds and an average time of 34.3 seconds per person. This was truly a heaven-defying result for the three referees present!

They had just been to Jinyuan High School High School and Reliance High School earlier, both of which were key city high schools. However, the best time had been six minutes and ten seconds, which was just three hundred and seventy seconds...

Was Number 60 High School really just a normal high school?

The three referees were dazed by this result.

Jinyuan High School High School and Reliance High School were both key city high schools! Their training venues were far more luxurious than Number 60 High School's, and their students were clearly more qualified. However, the referees had to admit that Number 60 High School's batch of Grade One students this time was indeed amazing!

"Congratulations, Teacher Ye! Your results this time are truly remarkable! "

The three referees all congratulated the sports instructor who was in charge of all the competition events this time, Teacher Ye.

"We were lucky."

Teacher Ye grinned from ear to ear. "But is our result really that good?"

The three referees twitched their lips in unison...

Three hundred and forty-three seconds...

Hm... they could already freaking enter the city team!

Furthermore, this was just a group of Senior Grade One students; what would happen once they were in Grade Three?

"We already carried out the tests at Jinyuan High School and Reliance High School; neither of these key city high schools had better results than Number 60 High School. Tomorrow, we'll be going to Jiancai High School, Shenye High School as well as Number 59 High School to do the test... Generally speaking, the chances of Number 60 High School winning this event this time is very high!" This was the analysis of one of the experienced referees.

First was the neighboring school, Number 59 High School.

Both of the headmasters were from the same sect and both schools were currently on the waiting list to become key city high schools. But based on the quality of this batch of students alone, the chances that the students at Number 59 High School could beat Number 60 High School's time were very remote.

On the other side was Jiancai High School, an aristocratic and private high school well-known for being established through investments from rich second generation Lin Xiaocong's dad, Lin Sicong; and Shenye High School, a private high school set up by the Xiao clan. Both schools were evenly matched in overall strength.

But based on the results of the district sports meets in previous years...

These two schools still couldn't beat Jinyuan High School and Reliance High School, the latter set up by the head of Reliance Sect, Patriarch Reliance.

So this time, Number 60 High School's chances of winning were very high!

...

Headmaster Chen and Director Shi walked the three referees to the main gate.

One of the older referees suddenly said, "Headmaster Chen, if you have the time, you can prepare the acceptance speech for the ten-men ten thousand-meter relay with a sword beforehand."

"The competition isn't over, would that be alright?" asked Headmaster Chen.

"I've been a referee for several decades - this result from Number 60 High School's Grade One students this time has already broken a record that is several decades old," said the old referee. "I hope Headmaster Chen will explain how your students were trained in your acceptance speech."

"What training, it's because this batch of kids are talented."

Headmaster Chen smiled slightly. "As teachers, we need to encourage our students. Only through encouragement can we develop their potential to the fullest... Do you know the president of our Huaxiu's Foundation for the Disabled, Qin Mu?"

The old referee nodded his head. "Of course I do!"

President of the Foundation for the Disabled, President Qin Mu, was a very renowned person; before he had assumed this role, he had once been a national first-class athlete who had won gold medals in dozens of events and was known far and wide for mastering a Tyrannical Body!

"We actually don't have this concept of a Tyrannical Body in our cultivation circle; President Qin's Tyrannical Body took effect by coincidence. The main reason for it was that he had once been instructed by a master at a young age."

The old referee: "A master?"

"That's right." Headmaster Chen nodded and said, "Someone called Sage Tyrant Song tricked him by saying that he had an extraordinary root bone and that he was a martial arts prodigy that only appeared once every century, the Natural Tyrannical Body."

The three referees were startled when they heard this. "And then?"

Headmaster Chen: "He believed it..."

The referees: "..."





Chapter 555 The Informant's Address


When Wang Ling returned home that night, he saw Er Ha's yellow skintight exercise uniform in the bamboo basket in the garden.

Er Ha had been cultivating quite diligently these two days. After dedicating itself to continuously cultivating the "Basic Dog Skills" which Xiao Yin had given it, it was already becoming more and more familiar with the art.

When Wang Ling pushed the door open, he saw Er Ha and Sheep, one dog and one person, lying down in the same pose, as if they had already fused with the floor.

Wang Ling: "..." What are you doing?

Er Ha sighed. "Cultivating is tiring, I'm probably a crippled dog now."

Sheep sighed. "Being a training partner is tiring, and I was grazed today; I'm probably a crippled sheep now."

What Wang Ling knew was that the "Basic Dog Skills" which Er Ha was cultivating now was something that Xiao Yin had snuck out of Dog Saint's depository of Buddhist texts. When all was said and done, this was an art which Dog Saint had personally created, so cultivating it certainly wouldn't be easy. The first two forms were at level four, which Er Ha could absorb on its own, but the last five level-five forms would be a little harder to comprehend.

Wang Ling planned to find the time one of these days to help Er Ha modify this art slightly.

To be honest, this body-focused spirit technique which Dog Saint had created was pretty amazing; the level of the body techniques involved was different compared with that of regular arts. This was because body techniques could be divided into many forms. Of the seven forms in Er Ha's set of "Basic Dog Skills," the first two were at level four and the last five were at level five. If Er Ha could master all of them and use them together in one strike, its strength would be no less than a grade eight spell.

Although Er Ha looked extremely exhausted as it lay on the floor, Wang Ling could clearly feel that its life essence was indeed now different.

When all was said and done, this was a spirit technique which Dog Saint had created by taking the characteristics of dog-type spirit beasts into account; it had been designed for dogs and the meridians which the spirit energy flowed through was also based on a spirit dog's body. After repeated practice, Er Ha's soul and body were clearly more aligned.

After cultivating the "Basic Dog Skills," there was obviously much less obstruction in Er Ha's initially closed and blocked meridians!

But Wang Ling remembered that Xiao Yin had told him previously that there was something which Er Ha had to pay attention to in cultivating the "Basic Dog Skills", but so many years had passed and until now Xiao Yin still couldn't recall what it was.

But looking at the current results of Er Ha's cultivation, everything seemed to be going well with these "Basic Dog Skills" and it hadn't encountered any problems yet.

...

The midterm exams were already over and the sports meet was already halfway through. The medicine ball event and the battle of soul pets would be on Thursday, and they happened to be taking place at the same time. Once the sports meet was over, Wang Ling thought that his days should settle down for a while... It was thirteen weeks since the start of school, and he had already sent who knew how many people to prison - his heart was very tired!

Pushing his door open, he realized that someone was actually lying on his bed with a pleased and proud expression. "Yo, Lingzi, you're back!"

Wang Ling: "???" How was this guy here?

Behind Wang Ling, Er Ha was also amazed. "The last time you came, didn't you say Old Qi wouldn't let you out?"

Wang Ming swiftly replied, "That's right! But if I don't see my little brother everyday, I'll miss him! A day without him is like three seasons..."

Wang Ling and Er Ha: "..."

Wang Ming sat up and crossed his legs. "Notice anything different about me today?"

Wang Ling swept his gaze over Wang Ming before stretching out one hand to feel him, only for his hand to pass directly through Wang Ming's body.

A projection?

Wang Ling raised his eyebrows.

"This is remote projection technology." Folding his arms, Wang Ming said proudly, "Actually, when Old Qi banned me from going out the last time, I've been researching this since then. This projection is mainly controlled through the mind. The furthest distance it can currently cover is the whole of Songhai city. This is mainly because the projection chip I made the last time was too small. After all, this is a preliminary test and I didn't know if it would succeed or not."

"It can cover such a long range?" Er Ha was startled. "So you can go wherever you want inside Songhai city?"

Wang Ming said furtively, "You should know about our country's 'Heavenly E-Satellite,' right? Several years ago, when we sent someone to replace the satellite's components, I had that small chip of mine planted among them."

Er Ha: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

"It's thanks to this satellite that my projection can cover such a long distance!" Wang Ming manipulated his projection to hover in the air. "Even though I looked like I was lying down on the bed just now, I was actually floating. I can't touch any material object in projection mode, which is a bit of a pity."

The corner of Er Ha's lips twitched. "You even want to touch material objects..."

"That isn't impossible," said Wang Ming. "Our country's magic treasure projection technology is already very advanced; it won't be long before we can connect a magic treasure to a person's consciousness. Theoretically, the projection will combine with a portion of spirit power to materialize a body part to some extent. In previous tests, we've already managed to successfully materialize a projection's hand, but this technology is still at the experimental stage."

Er Ha had just asked the question casually, and hadn't expected Wang Ming to rattle on. For zealous scientists, any progress in scientific research would make them increasingly excited the more they talked about it.

Father Wang and Mother Wang didn't know that Wang Ming's projection had come here today, because he had directly sent it to Wang Ling's bedroom in the Wang family's small villa.

This technology was very formidable, and if what Wang Ming said became a reality, then theoretically he could use a clone to go anywhere in Songhai city with just a thought.

But there was actually also a risk involved; if he was found to be just a projection, this news would definitely blow up. Wang Ming was acutely aware of this point.

Hence, he wouldn't use this "remote projection technique" so easily.

Looking at Wang Ming's lifelike projection, Wang Ling couldn't help asking telepathically, "Did you come here today to show off your projection?"

"Oh, not really." Wang Ming curled his lips slightly as he smiled. "Apart from this, I have something else I wanted to tell you in person. Didn't you want me to track down an informant's address before?"

"You did it?" Wang Ling was very curious.

"This guy's pretty smart. He hid his coordinates with several heavy security layers; a regular person truly wouldn't have been able to crack them. This time, I even used a massive amount of the Heavenly E-Satellite's background data to do the calculations before I successfully locked onto his position." Wang Ming spread his hands.

Staring at Wang Ling, he said seriously, "This person isn't easy to deal with. In terms of his tech skills, except for Old Li, he is probably the strongest opponent I've come across. If it's like Lord Thunder said and this person truly knows a lot about the past, I'm afraid he might be a hidden big boss - Lingzi, you need to be very careful!"

Wang Ling frowned.

"Do you have the specific location?" Er Ha asked on the side.

"I do!" Wang Ming nodded his head. "I traced all the information which this person posted online and finally got repeat hits on an address. What's interesting is that he always posts from the same place and at a regular time. He's obviously very confident in his defense measures and doesn't think that anyone can track down his location... The important thing is that both you and Lingzi are very familiar with this location."

Er Ha: "Where on earth is it?"

Wang Ming officially disclosed the answer, which was a short four words. "Number 60 High School."





Chapter 556 President Qi Struck Down By "Friendly Fire"...


Number 60 High School again?

When Wang Ming disclosed the answer, the corner of Er Ha's eye twitched violently.

Wait a minute! Why had it said...'again'?

Er Ha recalled that jeer it had heard when it had still been at Number 60 High School: Number 60 High School is a magical place, a bright longevity village...

It was indeed very magical!

It could almost be said that the big shots had all flocked here.

A Soul Nascent uncle who watched the gate, the teaching pioneer Teacher Pan, a terrifying librarian, Mother Juan from the "World of Black Cuisine," Lao Gudong who was an epic-level assassin... Now there was someone who seemed to be a big shot expert "monkey coder."

But who on earth was this person?

"This person releases explosive news at a fixed time every week. If he has any scoops, he'll post every Thursday at two in the afternoon. The location is your school's computer room. From the information we've obtained so far, this person is probably a student or a teacher." Wang Ming put forward his own speculation: "Also, I'm sure that this person uses the same computer every time."

Every Thursday at two in the afternoon? Wang Ling cupped his chin as he mulled it over. This time was precisely when they had their computer lessons. But the arrangement for the computer classes were slightly different: they rotated between odd and even weeks, so the elite classes only had computer lessons every two weeks. The odd weeks were when the regular classes used the computer room.

In other words, at two in the afternoon on Thursdays, there were four classes in total that used the computer room: two regular classes and two elite classes. Over ninety students were suspects; furthermore, the four teachers that taught the computer course couldn't be completely discounted... After all, with Lao Gudong as an example, what if the computer teachers were also big shots?!

"I came here today to test out my remote projection technology and also to let you know about this. In any case, Lingzi, you have to be careful; I have a feeling this person is up to no good," Wang Ming said.

He had had a strong hunch after locating this mysterious informant's exact whereabouts. But he had no way to tell whether the other party was friend or foe, so he could only caution Wang Ling.

But it was strange; way back when Wang Ling had first entered the school, Wang Ming had actually checked the identities of all the Grade One students. Except for that daughter of Huaguo Water Curtain Group, everyone else had pretty average family backgrounds and life experiences.

If this "informant big shot" was really one of Wang Ling's classmates, then this was even more proof that this person was very shrewd and was someone they had to be on guard against.

Back then Wang Ming had even asked Old Qi to use the official database to check all the information on the Grade One students this year one by one: their names, height, gender, and kindergarten files... Wang Ming had gone through them one by one and hadn't found anyone particularly strange at all.

Oh... There was one!

Wang Ming remembered now!

He remembered that in Wang Ling's class, there was a student named Guo Hao... This person had so many relatives!

Apart from that, everything else was in fact pretty normal.

Wang Ming was frowning and deep in thought when Wang Ling noticed a sudden change in him. "Crap!"

Wang Ling: "?"

Er Ha: "What's wrong?"

"I have to go back!" Wang Ming looked up. "My original body received news that Old Qi is in the hospital!"

"President Qi... is in the hospital?" The corner of Er Ha's eye twitched as it was directly shocked. "Isn't President Qi one of the Ten Generals?!"

The Ten Generals were True Immortals... How could he wind up in the hospital?

Wang Ming didn't know whether to laugh or to cry. "He ate the dragon pork chop that Zhai Yin cooked."

Wang Ling and Er Ha: "..."

"..."

"I already clearly told him, if he wants to eat Zhai Yin's dragon pork chop, he has to make sure he protects his stomach with spirit energy first." Wang Ming dropped his forehead into his hand. "Zhai Yin's pork chops can already be considered weapons of mass destruction..."

"Didn't you say last time that President Qi banned Zhai Yin from cooking in the lab?" Er Ha asked.

"She didn't cook it in the lab; this time, Zhai Yin cooked it outside and then brought it in. Also, after listening to auntie's instructions the last time, the pork chop she cooked this time actually looked pretty good. It wasn't black like before, but golden yellow! The color was very attractive and it didn't look greasy at all..."

"You didn't eat it?"

"That's largely because I was wounded too deeply last time; I've been eating porridge these two days to keep my stomach happy... It's a good thing I didn't eat it!" Wang Ming broke out in a sweat. "Otherwise, the next time you saw me might have been in an urn! Struck down and turned into a box1 by friendly fire..."

1(Ala PUBG..) Wang Ling and Er Ha: "..."

"But if it looks good, the taste is probably not bad, right?" Er Ha was a bit suspicious. "Can Miss Zhai really be that deadly?"

Wang Ming wore a "you don't understand" face. "You don't know... That's the scariest part! At first, anything that Zhai Yin cooked would turn out black no matter what it was, so no one dared to eat it... Now that she's gone out to look for a teacher, and after consulting auntie the last time, the food she cooks look completely fine! Like the kind served in a restaurant!"

Speaking up to this, Wang Ming was inevitably haunted by his lingering trauma...

Initially, the food which Zhai Yin cooked didn't look edible.

Now, the food she cooked was like a mushroom: it looked beautiful but was even more poisonous!

Wang Ming had also noticed a pattern. "The better Zhai Yin's finished product looks... the more inedible it is - it can cause a True Immortal to be hospitalized after eating it. This thing is already a chemical weapon!"

Wang Ling and Er Ha: "..."

...

It was July 19th on Wednesday in the thirteenth week of the semester.

When Wang Ling went out in the morning, he received a text message from Wang Ming.

President Qi, who had been struck down by friendly fire, had gone to the hospital and had his stomach flushed, and there weren't any major issues.

Yesterday, it was actually President Qi himself who had been careless and had eaten a mouthful without taking any precautions.

After this incident, he had learned an absolute lesson.

From now on, no matter how good Zhai Yin's food looked... it couldn't be eaten! Oh, no, there wouldn't be any "from now on"... Zhai Yin was now banned from cooking anywhere!

According to Wang Ming, Zhai Yin's cooking had already been classified by Huaxiu's Cultivation Academy of Science as a banned "chemical toxin"... Furthermore, its fatality index had already reached level nine, second only to the Heavenly E-Satellite's level ten "E-Bomb Raining Down From Above"!

In the end, she was a student who had surpassed her master...

In a sense, Wang Ling thought that Zhai Yin was more terrifying than Mother Juan.

At least Mother Juan's cuisine hadn't gone so far as to make a True Immortal collapse after eating it...

When Wang Ling got to class, he handed in his homework and began to flip through his history book.

The first class on this Wednesday morning was Lao Gudong's theory of history lesson.

And today's topic, which Wang Ling was very interested in, was the Gate Between Worlds.

Wang Ling didn't know what kind of gossip Lao Gudong would share today...





Chapter 557 Lao Gudong's Gossip Time


When Wang Ling got to class that morning, he heard the gossip that Lao Gudong had broken up with his girlfriend.

Everyone knew who she was. Back when Lao Gudong had led a group to Number 59 High School to participate in the spirit sword exchange meet, he and the school's director of education Director Xie had developed feelings for each other.

The news that Lao Gudong and Director Xie broke up just yesterday spread very quickly, and Guo Hao had gotten the information firsthand. However, it wasn't some uncle of his who had told him this time; it was from that "delinquent senior" He Bufeng at Number 59 High School who had decided to turn over a new leaf.

As Number 60 High School's master of gossip, Guo Hao's sources weren't just his uncles; he was also a famous social butterfly outside of school.

Basically, he would become close to anyone he met.

Then, Guo Hao would shape them into "intelligence spies" and pull them into his gossip group.

It was human nature to be nosy, but Guo Hao's strength lay not just in his fondness for seeking out gossip, but also in his ability to draw people into the gossip as well... This was the scariest part!

A lot of people in class had no idea about Lao Gudong's real identity; they just thought that this was his first love and it had to be a heavy blow to him this time. Even at the beginning of the semester, after personally witnessing how Lao Gudong had shot dead a Golden Core killer with a piece of chalk, Sun Rong merely thought that Lao Gudong just wasn't an ordinary person.

But his identity as Gorgeous Itinerant...

In Grade One, Class Three, Wang Ling was the only one who knew about it.

Back when Lao Gudong had been in his prime, he had been a teen idol well-known in the killers circle; who knew how many people had set their hearts on him... But when it came to feelings, Wang Ling felt that in the end, he himself was still young and it wasn't good for him to say too much. Maybe it was right for Lao Gudong to put an end to this love affair; after all, for "Gorgeous Itinerant," Director Xie in the end was just a fragile woman.

When Lao Gudong arrived at the classroom, he found it inexplicably quiet and no one was talking.

The class thought that Lao Gudong would be in a low mood today. Who knew he would stand on the dais with a bag of latiao and a big smile on his face as usual, as if nothing had happened.

Everyone: Stare...

"..."

Lao Gudong: "Students, if you have something to say, do so, don't just 'stare...' at me. I'm very shy!"

Everyone continued: Stare...

Lao Gudong wasn't stupid; coupled with the unusual silence of the classroom when he had entered, he guessed that the matter of his breakup with Director Xie had most likely been exposed. After all, when the two of them had been together, students from both schools had known all about it. Now that they had separated, this gossip would naturally spread.

Lao Gudong had in fact predicted it, but the only thing he hadn't expected was how fast the gossip traveled.

They broke up just yesterday in the afternoon, but this morning it seemed that the whole world already knew about it... No wonder even the old man who sold egg pancakes at the gate had given him a strange look this morning, and had even especially used an extra egg and added a slice of tenderloin meat in brown sweet sauce...

Lao Gudong now finally understood its meaning.

It actually meant...

Brown tenderloin (Chicken has flown) and broken egg1?

1(The Chinese idiom 鸡飞蛋打 ji fei dan da translates to "The chicken has flown the coop and the eggs are broken," which means 'a complete loss.' 鸡飞 has been replaced with the homonym 脊啡, which literally translates to "tenderloin brown.") Lao Gudong fished out a latiao and stuck it in his mouth. "I believe all of you already know, but you are correct... we broke up!" It was no use hiding it. Anyway, since everyone knew about it, Lao Gudong thought he might as well let them talk about it to their hearts' content first before they settled down for the lesson.

"Why did you break up?" Guo Hao already couldn't hold back his desire to gossip.

"Partly because of work, and also myself... But don't worry, it was an amicable breakup. It won't affect the friendship between Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School." Speaking up to this point, Lao Gudong couldn't help spreading his hands. "Actually, it's also because I'm quite playful... Girlfriend or whatever, I'm probably not cut out for it. I won't have anymore girlfriends after this for the rest of my life, and I can only rely on my two hands to continue to live..."

Everyone: "..."

Lao Gudong raised his eyebrow. This topic of conversation was over and it was clear that he didn't want to continue with it.

"Ahem... Now let's officially start our lesson!"

After returning to the topic of the lesson, Lao Gudong looked serious. "I believe that everyone has heard about the Gate Between Worlds from various sources. Previously, because it descended at random intervals, our country suffered huge losses and disasters. But now, we have fairly sophisticated surveillance equipment that can detect fluctuations from the Gate in advance. Furthermore, our country already leads the world in terms of the precautionary and surveillance methods we use."

"The Gate Between Worlds didn't just descend in our country, right?" Su Xiao couldn't help asking at this point.

"Of course." Lao Gudong nodded. "The coordinates for its landing are random; there are records of it landing not just locally but also abroad. Although the number of times it has descended is low, it isn't zero. As everyone knows, the Gate Between Worlds is connected to the demon world, which has all kinds of demon beasts, demon kings and even demon gods who control several major territories among the demon race. But do you know, above the demon gods, there is in fact a supreme ruler of the demon race..."

"A supreme ruler?" Everyone was shaken.

Many of the people present, including Wang Ling, had heard plenty of stories about the Gate Between Worlds from a very young age. As far as they knew, demon gods were already the rulers of the demon world. A demon god governed a demon territory and its rank was equal to that of a head of state in the human world. This was the first time everyone was hearing about a supreme ruler.

"It's quite normal for you to not have heard of this concept. After all, this is historical knowledge you'll only come across once you enter university, so at this stage it's still a little remote for you. I'll just say a little bit... This demon ruler is also known as Demon Saint. However, up until now, Demon Saint hasn't been involved once in any battle between the human race and the demon world."

"So... does Demon Saint actually exist?" Someone started to raise doubts.

"Yes, Demon Saint certainly does exist. This is information we extracted from the memories of demon gods who died in battle. What we've learned from their memories is that Demon Saint is extremely powerful... But so far we don't know why Demon Saint hasn't made a move in any conflict, and has chosen to lurk instead."

A slightly reminiscent expression on his face, Lao Gudong said, "Currently, our country actually has very limited information on Demon Saint. But there are three things we can be sure of...

"First: Demon Saint does exist.

"Second: The position of Demon Saint can be handed down based on an inheritance system; the current Demon Saint is a second generation successor.

"Third: From the memories of the demon gods, we know that the current Demon Saint is a merman. We also call it: Second Generation Merman2..."

2(This is the pseudonym of another online writer.)





Chapter 558 Er Ha's Customized Magic Treasure


The legend of Demon Saint had actually already been around for a long time, but as Lao Gudong had said, this was knowledge that students would only learn about in advanced textbooks at university; most students in high school wouldn't come across it.

Demon Saint did exist. According to Lao Gudong, General Yi and the other nine Founding Generals had concocted a plan to capture demon gods alive, which was far harder to do than just directly killing them. They had learnt about Demon Saint from the three demon gods that they had captured alive, but not long after their memories were extracted, the skins of these three demon gods had started to disintegrate before everyone's eyes, until they were finally reduced to flying ash.

"Did those demon gods die?" Listening to Lao Gudong's story, everyone in class was a little confused.

"Maybe they did, maybe they didn't... The only thing we can be sure of is that Demon Saint was behind all this," Lao Gudong said, frowning. "After the human world and the demon world were connected via the Gate Between Worlds as the hub, human cultivators have since been researching the demon race. Their power source is different from our spirit energy; whenever they have to use a technique of any kind, they have to rely on the demon qi of the demon world.

"And it is precisely because the composition of their power source is different from ours that the way in which the demon race inherits power is certainly different from true human cultivators. The so-called demon gods are just subordinates appointed by Demon Saint, the biggest ruler behind the demon race. As long as it finds a suitable successor, Demon Saint has its own way of turning them into gods."

"Is it a legacy inheritance?" Su Xiao asked again.

"It's a little similar, but there's a difference. To ensure that their Daoist teachings would last for a long time to come, the Almightys of the past would choose to take in disciples and impart to them whatever they had learned in their lifetimes so that their disciples would inherit their legacies. By personally passing on these teachings as well as embedding the power source in their bodies, this could greatly reduce the time it took for a successor to cultivate this legacy. However, a genuine legacy inheritance cannot be absorbed in one go."

After this, Lao Gudong fell silent. In fact, there was one particular thing he didn't mention, and that was about Immortal She Pi, who had used new life as a way of directly passing his inheritance down to his child. This was an extraordinary way of passing on a legacy. However, the success rate was generally very low, and required that special attention be paid to the elements in the harmony between Yin and Yang.

Moreover, those who chose this way to pass on their legacies would eventually use up their lives and die.

So Fang Xing was a special case in which this method had succeeded... But this kind of special case was truly rare. Immortal She Pi's success was largely due to the fact that he was both Fang Xing's father and mother, so there was no need at all to pay attention to the theory of harmony between Yin and Yang, since they would be very attuned to begin with...

"Like in the previous incident with the old devil, he took advantage of many cultivators who sought instant success, and tricked them into looking for the stone ghost mask in the name of legacy inheritance when he was actually looking for a corporeal body to possess."

Lao Gudong said with a smile, "So, dear students, if you come across a wonderful thing like this legacy inheritance, please go to the Regulatory Legacy Inheritance Agency to register; this is a department which our country has. On the whole, however, the probability of coming across such a good thing basically isn't high."

"Wh... why?"

"Becoming a disciple now isn't as easy as it used to be. In the past, as long as you were talented, you might get noticed by the big names. But now, following the increasing advancements in science in the cultivation world, it can be said that the scope is becoming increasingly wider for these big names. Talent alone isn't enough; you have to be able to talk and handle various matters as well as endure a test of your nature... If you're told to serve tea, you serve tea. You need to come when called and go where you're ordered to, and even if you become a waiter for a hundred years, you can't complain. Nowadays, isn't it the trend to enter a family tree? This is in fact one way of finding a successor to the legacy."

Lao Gudong's words were spoken a little mockingly. Although his tone sounded relaxed, Wang Ling noticed that many of the students in class became lost in deep thought.

As kids, a lot of people had probably fantasized about what it would be like to suddenly wake up one day with the power they had always dreamed of. The typical channel of legacy inheritance was indeed a way to obtain strength in a short time, but it was often very difficult to achieve.

Today, you could join someone else's family tree and become a disciple, but if your " shifu " wasn't satisfied with you, you could be directly struck out of the family tree in a matter of minutes.

To be water-injected pork 1 , or to be a thinking reed 2 ?

1(This refers to the scandal of injecting water into meat to increase their weight and thus their market price. Here, it means to resemble 'extra padding.')

2(From philosopher Blaine Pascal's famous quote, which refers to how man is weak, but it is in his awareness of his weakness that he demonstrates his superiority over nature.) This was a question worth pondering.

As a result, legacy inheritance wasn't as glamorous as it seemed. In this world, meat pies didn't just fall from the sky. Sometimes, the truth behind something was a lot more complicated than it seemed.

Staring at the relaxed expression on Lao Gudong's face, Wang Ling realized that this was also a large part of Lao Gudong's great charm, that he could inadvertently cause the students to reflect on a series of things.

Perhaps he realized that the atmosphere in class was a little heavy; Lao Gudong rubbed the back of his head and smiled as he said, "Of course, if I accept a disciple, I don't have too many requirements. First, they definitely have to know enough about history, and also a lot of gossip. Second, they should know how to play!"

Guo Hao suddenly raised his hand in excitement. "Teacher, teacher! How about me?"

Lao Gudong looked at him. "Do you eat latiao ?"

Guo Hao: "No..."

Lao Gudong smiled broadly. "Looking into your eyes 3 , you're not the one I'm looking for..."

3(This phrase is commonly used as a first part of a sentence, and implies that you've received the news you were looking for.) Guo Hao: "..."

Everyone: "..."

...

Today was Wednesday and the day that Er Ha had arranged with Luo Chuang the last time to pick up its custom-made magic treasure. Because Luo Chuang didn't use chat apps, Er Ha didn't even know what the final design of this custom-made magic treasure looked like.

There was only one Bone King, which had been left behind by poor Dog Saint; it could be said that it was quite rare. If Luo Chuang had messed it up, could the cover of that Dog Saint hot pot be kept down 4 ?

4(The meaning here being the equivalent of 'turning over in the grave .. ') Since Sheep had already shown the way the last time, Er Ha went by itself this time. This Amitayus Road was a smithing street. Luo Chuang's metalware store wasn't eye-catching, but according to the cultivation review website, it was an excellent five-star store on Amitayus Road.

Even as it approached the entrance, Er Ha was still trying to imagine what kind of magic treasure Luo Chuang could have forged the Bone King into.

Luo Chuang nodded in tacit understanding when he saw Er Ha enter the store. "Wait here, I'll go and get the thing." With that, he turned around and went to the room at the back of the store which was solely for refining artifacts.

After a few minutes or so, he came out holding a box which he gently placed in front of Er Ha. "Brother Dog, this is the magic weapon that was refined from your Bone King. It's a third-class holy weapon, but there's still a lot of room to expand on it. If we can find the appropriate materials later, we can continue working on it and upgrade it to second class, or even first class."

"Third class? Not bad!" Er Ha's eyes lit up.

After all, it had been forged in such a short time. Er Ha wasn't too picky about the weapon's grade, as long as it could use it smoothly. The main point, moreover, was that there was still room to upgrade the Bone King.

Folding his arms, Luo Chuang was very pleased with himself. "Brother Dog, open it, I'm in fact very satisfied with this work."

When Er Ha opened the box, a lustrous green light burst forth.

Er Ha's expression was a little despondent.

It understood that during the refining process, the Bone King as the main component might indeed be affected by other supplementary materials, resulting in a slight discoloration of the product...

But why...

Did it have to be green again...





Chapter 559 Versatile Bone King


Would Er Ha be unable to get away from "green" for the rest of its life...

At first, its inward reaction was to reject it, but when it calmed down and took a careful look at this refined "Bone King," it found that it was in fact very beautiful. It wasn't pure green, but shot through with white. It felt a little like jade, and the more one looked, the more pleasing it was to the eye.

After it was refined, the Bone King no longer showed any traces of having being broken. After polishing, it seemed more delicate compared with the raw material, but it was more compact. If you had to describe it, it looked a little like the green jade dog beating staff 1 Er Ha had read about in martial arts novels...

1(From the famous wuxia novel "Legend of the Condor Heroes.") "It looks good."

Er Ha said, "But... is it fragile?"

"Hehe, this is a third-class holy weapon, how fragile can it be?" Luo Chuang waved his palm-leaf fan and took down a black longsword from the shelf next to them. "This is a magic weapon for testing. I'll give it a slice and show you."

After that, before Er Ha could react, Luo Chuang brought the sword down. With a bang, green spirit light reflected off the Bone King and the black longsword directly shuddered before splitting into two parts.

"This Bone King now might not be the most deadly, but it's very tough. Furthermore, it's also very versatile and can be adapted for use in various situations. Its outer form can change at will," Luo Chuang said.

"Change the outer form at will?" Er Ha was dazed. This was the first time it had heard of such a magic weapon attribute.

For example, the Wuji Umbrella which belonged to President Bai, President of the Demon Hunters Association, had the "space" magic treasure attribute.

Evil Sword God's "Heaven-Cleaving sword," obtained from his master Sword Immortal Fanrui, had the "chaos" magic treasure attribute.

The magic treasure attribute of Lord Thunder's Brilliant Victory sword was "supreme defense."

Little Master Ling's Lord Jingke had the "strength" magic treasure attribute.

But what kind of attribute was "change at will"?

"It's a little troublesome to explain, but it can also be described as a kind of spatial ability. However, it's a very special spatial ability, different from common spatial attributes like space teleportation. As for the Bone King in your hand, it can change freely according to the environment and become whatever you want it to be."

It was actually a little complicated to explain, so Luo Chuang simply gave a direct demonstration. Holding the Bone King in his hand, he injected spirit energy into it before shouting, "Sword, come!"

Er Ha then saw green spirit energy spring up over the Bone King, and it actually turned into a jade sword in Luo Chuang's hand...

"It can do that?" Er Ha was amazed.

After the demonstration, Luo Chuang dropped the Bone King into Er Ha's paws.

"Mmm, that's what 'change at will' means," Luo Chuang said. "When used properly, this bone from Dog Saint is a very strong magic weapon. It can both attack and defend. 'Change at will' isn't a common attribute. But as you can see, it takes time to transform; the more complex the shape, the longer it takes. It'll require a lot of practice."

At that point, Luo Chuang said, "Have you wondered, when your rapport with this Bong King has improved after some time and produces a weapon spirit... what kind of weapon spirit will it be?"

Er Ha: "All I want is, no more green..."

Luo Chuang: "I don't know whether or not it'll be green, but since the raw material of this Bone King is Dog Saint's bone, the weapon spirit might very likely be a dog..."

Er Ha: "It's fine if it's a dog. We also have plenty of them with loli voices in the dog circle now."

"Loli... loli voice..." Luo Chuang sweated.

Generally speaking, however, a weapon spirit's form was produced after the magic weapon and its owner had been in close rapport with each other for a long time. Usually, a weapon spirit's appearance and personality wouldn't stray too far from what its owner wanted.

Of course, there was also a very small chance that its form would be the complete opposite of what its owner wanted... For example, Er Ha currently wanted its weapon spirit to be a dog with a loli voice, so the chances of it getting a brawny brother dog were very low.

Er Ha nodded and mentioned Wei Zhi. "Yep - I have a pet trainer friend, right? After getting to know him, I learned a lot of secrets about the dog circle."

Luo Chuang: "..."

Er Ha spread its paws. "In our spirit dog circle, there's a little radish 2dog who rakes in loads from a shit-shoveling officer called Paladin by chatting with him through their headphones everyday as they game online."

2(A Chinese colloquial term for little kids.) Luo Chuang: "Little... radish dog?"

Er Ha nodded. "That's right! A little radish dog! Aren't puppy dogs 3 and wolf cubs 4 popular now? Little radish dogs are another type."

3(The literal translation is "little milk dog," referring to boys who are like puppies, i.e. cute, playful and clingy.)

4(The literal translation is "little wolf dog," referring to younger boys who are cool and fierce ..) "..."

Luo Chuang suddenly felt that his understanding of the world had increased.

...

Er Ha retrieved the Bone King from Luo Chuang without a hitch, and the whole process didn't take long.

At Luo Chuang's store earlier, it had already dropped some of its dog blood onto the Bone King to create the bond between weapon and owner.

It decided to refine its cultivation of the "Basic Dog Skills" and learn how to use the Bone King for the rest of the day after it returned home.

Tomorrow was Thursday, which was when the battle of soul pets would happen. Since it was able to obtain the Bone King in time, Er Ha decided to test out how good the Bone King was in actual combat.

Real fighting experience was often very important.

Of course, tomorrow's "battle of soul pets" was just a bit of fun for Er Ha; it wanted to conserve its true energy for the upcoming fight when it returned to its clan.

"Friday..." Er Ha had already decided on a time. The time prophesied in its dream was drawing near; it had to go back and settle everything once and for all.

To this day, Er Ha couldn't forget that scene in its prophetic dream where venerable Elder Wen of the Toad clan led the ministers in tearful prayer in the main temple hall; it was as if it had turned into a nightmare, which haunted Er Ha from time to time.

It was time to put an end to everything...

On the way home, Er Ha looked up at the sky. For a moment, the scene seemed to blur as Er Ha saw the blue sky that could only be seen in its native land.

...

When Er Ha got home, it changed into its yellow skintight exercise uniform and planned to ask Sheep to be its training partner. Yesterday, it had executed the first and second forms together, and had grazed her skirt... This was an immensely groundbreaking improvement! And Er Ha's ultimate goal was to lift Sheep's skirt!

But after searching for a long time, it didn't find any trace of Sheep.

Er Ha looked at the time and only then remembered that this was precisely when the old man went grocery shopping, so it was very likely that he and Sheep had gone out to buy groceries.

Wang Ling had already come back from school; looking out the window on the second floor, he raised his eyebrows slightly.

He glanced at Jingke on the bed. Jingke trembled slightly in response and swiftly transformed into his human shape as he came to Wang Ling's side.

Wang Ling looked at Er Ha in the garden, who was looking for a training partner, and rubbed Jingke's head.

Jingke yawned, then turned into a stream of light and landed directly in front of Er Ha.

The sudden descent of this brown spirit light scared Er Ha. "???"

Jingke's face turned serious. "I'll, be, your, opponent."

"..."

Er Ha: "Can, I, refuse..."

Jingke: "No, way."

Er Ha: "..."





Chapter 560 Er Ha's Battle Music


Were they really going to fight?

Facing the white-robed sword spirit in front of it, Er Ha's heart couldn't help feeling heavy.

It had to be said, however, that this was indeed a rare opportunity for hand-to-hand combat. In terms of actual combat experience, Er Ha thought that the combined strength of all the enlightened gremlins in the Wang family's small villa probably wasn't half as powerful as the white-robed sword spirit in front of it — this was an existence that could effortlessly demonstrate the most supreme profound truth of Sword Dao, the "World-Annihilating Sword"...

But Er Ha had to admit that this kind of practice opportunity wasn't something an average person could come by.

After the Immortal Mansion incident, Er Ha had its own theory about Jingke's origin. While it hadn't been at the scene personally, from Xiao Yin's verbal account, it had been a pretty stunning sight.

Over a thousand spirit swords had been hidden inside the Master of Immortal Mansion's intrinsic spirit field, but after Jingke had appeared, these spirit swords had immediately changed sides without hesitation at just one meaningful glance from Jingke!

This was the type of charisma that only the real king of sword spirits had...

What did that mean?

It meant that the white-robed sword spirit in front of Er Ha already stood at the peak of Sword Dao — it wasn't an exaggeration to say that it could even be the embodiment of Sword Dao itself.

While Er Ha was lost in thought, Jingke tilted his head and looked at it. "Are, you, ready?"

Staring at that face, the corner of Er Ha's eye twitched violently.

This expression... was too similar!

If it didn't know that Jingke was just a sword spirit, it really would've thought that this was Little Master Ling's biological son; except for the hair color, the poker face and the expression were extremely similar! There were ten billion dead fish eyes in the world, but not all of them would be like Little Master Ling's which were cold yet gentle.

Er Ha had seen plenty of dead fish eyes, but it felt that only Wang Ling's dead fish eyes were special.

It was said that a sword spirit resembled its master; even their eyes were so similar, and Er Ha felt that no truer words had been spoken.

...

As it faced Jingke, Er Ha took a deep breath. The "Basic Dog Skills" focused on speed and accuracy, and it was very important to stay calm while you were boxing.

Yesterday, Er Ha had been able to throw two hundred punches per second at its peak. However, it had only been able to graze Sheep's skirt. It was very obvious that the white-robed sword spirit in front of it would be more difficult to deal with than Sheep.

"Here I come!" In its yellow skintight exercise uniform, Er Ha jumped backward so that it was several dozen meters away from Jingke.

Jingke could sense the spirit energy gathering under Er Ha's paws.

A moment later, Er Ha suddenly sprang forward, its dog paws creating four round indents in the ground. It looked very formidable as it lunged directly at Jingke.

Er Ha had already performed the first and second forms of the Basic Dog Skills while it was in the air! With the two forms combined, its dog fists turned into hundreds of afterimages in the air in a dazzling sight.

Jingke's face, however, was unruffled. "Too, slow."

He raised his hand, and brown sword intent emerged. In order to not hurt Er Ha, this sword intent didn't have any destructive power, but had an effect similar to the Brilliant Victory sword's supreme defense.

Thud thud thud thud !

Er Ha felt every single one of its punches hit the back of the sword.

It changed its angle of attack, but the sword intent followed it closely and blocked all of its attacks.

After exhibiting two forms of the Dog Skills, it couldn't even get close to Jingke, let alone graze his body!

"Your punches, are too slow. This sword intent, has only, less than one tenth of my strength."

Jingke stretched out a finger and drew a line three meters in front of him. He then looked at Er Ha and said, "If you, can cross this line, it'll be considered, your win."

Er Ha was stunned. "..." How badly was it being looked down on...

It had to do its best no matter what!

As Little Master Ling's first contract spirit beast, Er Ha's expression turned serious!

"Bone King!"

It used the Space Swallowing Spell to pull the green Bone King out from its mouth. Then it started to concentrate. "Boxing gloves... boxing gloves... boxing gloves..."

Wang Ling watched this scene from his bedroom. He was the one who had asked Luo Chuang to refine the Bone King, and in such a short time, Luo Chuang had been able to refine Dog Saint's bone into a third-class magic weapon, which was proof that Luo Chuang was indeed the real deal when it came to smithing. Besides, the magic treasure's attribute was also a little special: it was actually a transformation-type magic treasure connected to the space around it, and this "change at will" attribute was not a common one.

In the garden, Er Ha watched Jingke closely.

It intended to use the strength of the Bone King to increase its attack speed, but this was its first time using the Bone King's shape-changing attribute. It was just like Luo Chuang had said, "change at will" was a very rare and very powerful attribute, but it really wasn't easy to use.

It actually took a whole thirty seconds for the Bone King to completely turn into a pair of gloves.

"This won't do, I still need a lot more practice!" Er Ha sighed in its heart. A battle moved very quickly, and unless it was fully prepared in advance, thirty seconds was really a little too long!

After the transformation, the Bone King had turned into a pair of emerald green boxing gloves which Er Ha wore on its dog paws. Not only did they not feel the least bit heavy, they instead made Er Ha's paws feel a lot lighter!

Er Ha was happy with this discovery.

"There's one step left." Er Ha looked at Jingke and took a deep breath.

Jingke: "???"

Then, Er Ha opened its mouth again and actually took out a tape recorder which it had bought with the money it had swindled out of Xiao Yin.

Er Ha then pressed the play button and a familiar melody came out of the recorder...

Wang Ling was blank. This song was very familiar! It was a rousing classic!

Er Ha's body started to sway to the beat. Wang Ling was stunned — this guy could actually do the shuffle!

This was a pure melody which stirred the blood; Wang Ling only remembered that it was a very old classic and just couldn't figure out its title. After the music played for more than a minute, he saw that Er Ha had already stopped dancing and had gotten into an attack position after accumulating power.

Then, just as the song reached the one minute and twenty seconds mark, Er Ha officially moved! It was still the first and second forms of the Basic Dog Skills, but at a significantly faster attack speed! Jingke parried with an equal amount of sword intent, and now clearly had to use slightly more effort.

"Ah, hit, hit, hit, hit, hit!" Er Ha's fists were like a flying dragon as it threw more than six hundred punches in two seconds.

But it wasn't over. At the song's climax, Er Ha suddenly started to sing loudly: "My right paw opens the heavens and I turn into a dog! Move the mountains and rivers again and level chasms. One day the rising sun of the East will shake space and time. Return to the primeval times to conquer and control1 !"

1(This is derived from "Dragon Fist" by Jay Chou..) Wang Ling and Jingke: "..."

Following this passionate music, it felt to Jingke as if Er Ha was now a different dog. If he continued using the same amount of sword intent as before, it might be difficult to hold off this attack.

Jingke lowered his eyes as he wondered if he should increase his strength.

However, it was at that moment that the emerald green boxing gloves which the Bone King had transformed into on Er Ha's paws changed again, and densely packed spikes actually sprung out of this pair of boxing gloves like mushrooms after the rain.

Power, of Sword Dao?

Jingke's expression changed slightly.

He hadn't sensed wrong; though it was faint, the spikes indeed contained a kind of power of Sword Dao, derived from Evil Sword God's power of Sword Dao which Er Ha had inherited, the "ten-meter sword circle"...





Chapter 561 The Correct Way to Delay Updates?


Watching the fight, Wang Ling was also struck dumb by this scene.

The power of Sword Dao unexpectedly combined perfectly with Er Ha's spirit technique through this magic weapon, and they complemented each other in battle. Was this also the power of the Bone King's "change at will" attribute?

Chin in hand, Wang Ling couldn't come up with any other logical explanation.

Supposing that this really was the case, then this Bone King and Er Ha were well-suited to each other, as if this magic treasure had been made for Er Ha.

With the "Dragon Fist" BGM playing, Er Ha brimmed with vigor. Along with the emerald green boxing gloves that the Bone King had transformed into combined with the spikes created through the power of Sword Dao earlier, Er Ha's vigor had doubled in a short instant.

Jingke raised an eyebrow slightly; an invisible sword gravitational circle with a range of ten meters had already formed around Er Ha. This was the Sword Dao gravitational force which only the "ten-meter sword circle" possessed. It was currently a prototype created by combining Er Ha's and the Bone King's strength together. However, compared with the complete form which Evil Sword God had discharged back then, it was still fairly lacking.

The "ten-meter sword circle" which Evil Sword God had used back was like a small satellite that could directly turn into a ten-meter field and bust out a tremendous gravitational pull that could suck everything in from all around before tearing them apart.

The more familiar one became with this power of Sword Dao attribute, the stronger the gravitational force.

At that time, Evil Sword God's "ten-meter sword circle" could already produce the "holy depletion light," and anyone drawn into the field would become greatly weakened.

But in order to reach that level, Er Ha would need to master at least ninety-five percent of the power of Sword Dao.

Be that as it may, Er Ha was now able to discharge this gravitational wave, and already one could feel a force dragging them in.

"Not, bad." Jingke gave his apathetic praise.

He could already see Er Ha waving its spiky boxing gloves around crazily as it clashed with less than one tenth of Jingke's sword intent.

"But, it's no use..."

Jingke raised his hand and was just about to increase the power of his sword intent, but it was right at that moment that he saw the yellow skintight outfit which Er Ha was wearing actually tear apart from the power of the ten-meter Sword Dao!

And then, the scene which met Jingke's eyes...

A completely naked green-furred dog crazily waved a pair of emerald green spiky boxing gloves around in midair, while that which could not be described waggled with the movement of Er Ha's body, like a green foxtail swaying fiercely in a gale.

Jingke: "..."

"Ling said, don't look, at indecent things!"

Jingke promptly covered his eyes.

"Now's my chance!"

Er Ha knew that this was the opportunity it had been waiting for!

It hammered the sword intent fiercely, and directly breached the three-meter boundary Jingke had drawn! At the same time, it jumped up high, putting away its spiky boxing gloves and leaving paw prints on Jingke's white robe! This entire series of actions was performed naturally and smoothly.

Er Ha: "I win!"

Wang Ling and Jingke: "..."

The sun set at that moment, and Er Ha welcomed dusk with an unprecedented look of confidence on its face.

Click!

It turned off the tape recorder behind it and couldn't help letting out an emotional sigh. "As expected! With my BGM, no one can beat me!"

Wang Ling and Jingke: "..."

When the old man and Sheep came back from buying groceries, they unexpectedly found Jingke sitting upright in the living room and massaging his eyes seriously.

"Lord Jingke?"

Sheep drew closer curiously, but Jingke didn't pay any attention to her.

The old man couldn't help turning to Er Ha, who was lying on its stomach on the floor, and asking, "What is Little Kezi doing?"

Er Ha: "Hm, he's doing eye exercises."

The old man and Sheep: "..."

...

Among these millions of monthly votes were big players that backed him as well as many fans that supported and helped him... But with hundreds of thousands of characters yet to write, he really felt like dropping dead right now.

His black-rimmed glasses drooped listlessly as he pounded numbly on the keyboard.

He didn't know how many characters he had typed before he weakly opened his mouth. "How... how many more characters do I have to go?"

Lie Mengmeng counted how many characters he had left to type. "Not many, only a hundred and ten thousand left. You can take a break after you finish this today."

Father Wang: "..."

Lie Mengmeng: "Don't you have that stimulant cigar? Hurry up and take a few puffs!"

Father Wang looked like he wanted to die. "Can... can I delay the updates?"

Lie Mengmeng folded his arms and smiled as he looked at Father Wang. "How are you going to do that?"

Father Wang: "For example, if I post on Weibo saying that Red Hair Medical Liquor is a fake tonic, do you think the next province over will arrest me1/?"

1('Red hair' is 'hongmao' in Chinese, and is a homonym for Hong Mao Medicinal Liquor. A Chinese doctor was arrested in Inner Mongolia for defamation after he posted an article questioning the efficacy of the tonic.) Lie Mengmeng: "..."

Lie Mengmeng: "Then after seven days..."

Father Wang: "You can say that although I was released on bail, Red Hair Medicinal Liquor still wouldn't let me off the hook, and started sending people out to kill me. They would chase me all the way to the ends of the earth, so in the end I had no choice but to flee the city I was living in. I was a drifter until I reached the holy land that is the South Pole, and in the end I created a rocket to fly me into outer space toward Mars to start a new life!"

"..."

Lie Mengmeng was silent for a bit. "Actually, you can test it out on Weibo... just post 'If I said that Red Hair Medical Liquor is a fake tonic, what should I do if they are prepared to send people from the next province over to arrest me?'"

"Can I?!" Father Wang was pleasantly surprised.

"Sure." Lie Mengmeng nodded.

Father Wang swiftly typed it up for Weibo, and didn't even add a dog head2!

2(Refers to the 'dogeꞌ meme which, among other things, can mean "I'm joking ... but not really.") Roughly three minutes later, Father Wang refreshed the page; unexpectedly, there were already more than two thousand likes and hundreds of comments and shares.

The first comment: from @Hell Guest Zhou Ze: Which organization has the guts?! I'll send my hell envoy to pay them a visit!

The second comment: from @Sky-Exploding Sect Official Weibo: Shock! Wang Situ has been arrested?! Our Sky-Exploding Sect is the first to object! Know our cultivation high-explosive grenades?! Our Sky-Exploding Sect disciples will blow open the gates and rescue you! [fist salute] [fist salute]

The third comment: from @Disabled Elderly Village Official Weibo: @Village leader Qin Mu3, this writer says he's been arrested and can't update. What to do? [doge]

3(From the novel "Tales of Herding Gods.") The fourth comment: from @Legend of Paladin_The Healer Official Weibo: Lao Gudong Situ is definitely using this as an excuse to secretly go check out lolitas with me! Let's go to Tuerqi for lolitas! They're all legal over there!





Chapter 562 Wang Ling's Medicine Ball Test


There were many comments under the post and Lie Mengmeng scrolled down for a look. If it wasn't an official Weibo account of a sect that had shared and commented, then it was some sect leader going so far as to abuse their power in the comments.

A verified account, Principal of Huaxiu Thunder and Lightning University @Head of Guodian Wushu Studio, commented: Delay in updates don't exist. For any writer who does this, I won't be able to help myself from teaching them a lesson!

From @Lolita Immortal Sect Official Weibo: Is Master Wang Situ tired? Our immortal sect can provide door-to-door service to wake your brain up! Our service is free! You just need to update more! Please send the official Weibo lady a private message! Mwah mwah!

@Legend of Paladin_The Healer Official Weibo commented under @Lolita Immortal Sect Official Weibo's comment:Official Weibo lady! Please follow us! We'll add you too!

"..."

Lie Mengmeng looked at Father Wang and then directly grabbed the mouse to close the Weibo window. "Give up, just do your best and type."

Just as Lie Mengmeng said this, Father Wang saw his phone on the table vibrate suddenly as he received a secret message from a "7777777" number.

The moment he saw the number, he already knew who the message was from.

He opened the message, which had been grandly sent by that "superior."

That superior: "I read your Weibo, is someone out to get you? What is that Red Hair Medicinal Liquor doing? Want me to get someone to check it out? Forget it... I might as well directly ban the brand. I've already asked President Qi to get a fix on your phone's location; if someone within Songhai city is looking for you, he'll know. If they want to detain you, I'll find out who... so hurry up and update! I'll die if I can't read Immortal King ! _(:3 」∠)_"

Father Wang: "..."

Standing some distance away, Lie Mengmeng couldn't see the exact content of the message, but what was obvious was the deathly stillness that came over Father Wang's face after he read it.

And this message had actually been sent by the number 7777777!

It went without saying that it was definitely a big shot fan that had sent this message to press Father Wang for updates.

7777777...

Emm... Lie Mengmeng cupped his chin as he pondered: The world is focused on you 1 ?!

1(Chinese netizens used this phrase to praise Clearlove7, the only Chinese player to win the League of Legends World Cup twice. '7777777' has a similar meaning to '666' but was initially only used in relation to Clearlove7 when he played a good game..) ...

It was July 1st and the thirteenth Thursday of the semester.

During the self-study period at noon, Wang Ling would be participating in the medicine ball event. The opening ceremony was already over. This time there wouldn't be a huge crowd of spectators from the three grades watching, which was a huge relief to Wang Ling. However, there were still some who didn't want to rest during the self-study period, and had come out to watch.

From Senior Grade One, three other students had signed up for the medicine ball event apart from Wang Ling; one was Fang Xing, one was that Classmate Shi Shuai from before, and the other was Hu Su, who had remained in Grade One for four years but whose grades had recently and suddenly improved dramatically.

After being slapped in the face the day before yesterday, Shi Shuai had completely lost his arrogant air, which made Teacher Ye very happy.

Shi Shuai was normally a pain in the neck who was prone to creating trouble in school. Each one of the ten individuals had outdone themselves the day before yesterday except for Shi Shuai, who had found himself at the very bottom. Teacher Ye guessed that this had probably been a heavy blow to him.

So in today's medicine ball competition, whether or not he performed well, Teacher Ye decided to encourage him by using the basic "carrot and stick" approach.

Every teacher in Number 60 High School attached great importance to psychological education, since a successful mental foundation in education would directly impact a person's future prospects.

Senior Grade One in particular was a time when students would feel especially hollow and lost, and easily became embittered. This was the period when they enjoyed posting especially provocative and unconventional things on QQ Zone and in WeChat Moments... It was clear that proper guidance in building a mental foundation was especially important.

...

The supervisors this time were still those three referees from the day before yesterday, but the arbiter today would be one of the old referees since Zhuo Yi was unable to be present due to work.

Holding a specially-made red medicine ball in his hand, the old referee gave an explanation before the start of the competition. "According to the competition rules for the medicine ball event in the district sports meet this time, we will be testing the performance of four students in total: Students Wang Ling, Fang Xing, Shi Shuai, and Hu Su. In the end, we'll add together the numbers for how far the four of you throw the ball to calculate the overall score. One meter is one point! Full marks for one hundred meters!"

After saying this, the old referee handed the ball to Shi Shuai. "You go first!" He didn't do it on purpose; it was purely only because Shi Shuai was the closest to him. Having said that, Shi Shuai had certainly left a deep impression on people with his troll nature the day before yesterday.

But everyone should be given the chance to redeem themselves; perhaps he would do well today!

A medicine ball for regular people weighed five to eight kilos, and naturally it wasn't hard at all for a cultivator at the Foundation Establishment stage to throw it hundreds of meters. However, this red medicine ball had been especially custom-made by cultivation schools for Foundation Establishment cultivators to use in competition; although it was small, it weighed close to one hundred kilos.

The moment Shi Shuai accepted the ball, his hands couldn't help dropping a little. Although he couldn't hold it in one hand as effortlessly as the old referee, throwing it wouldn't be a problem. For a Golden Core cultivator like this old referee, this Foundation Establishment medicine ball was as light as a chick.

On the other side, the other two referees had already used a sand gourd magic treasure to set up a "sand path" to prevent the medicine ball from damaging the sports field when it fell to the ground. The sand path was the standard one hundred meters in length, but the referees all felt that it was impossible for Foundation Establishment students to throw it very far without professional training.

In the best performance yesterday from the key city high schools Reliance High School and Jinyuan High School, the furthest the ball had been thrown was still just seventy meters.

Furthermore, looking at the scores for the medicine event in previous years, Number 60 High School didn't have a competitive edge at all; they'd lost the last two years and had been right at the bottom behind Number 59 High School by a large margin.

When he was about to officially throw the medicine ball, Shi Shuai couldn't help casting a look at Wang Ling since he had been looking for a chance to apologize.

He had been planning it since the end of the opening ceremony yesterday, and had repeated his lines countless times in his heart, but they just wouldn't come out. In addition, it would be embarrassing to say anything with so many people around.

"Just play first... I'll look for another chance!" Shi Shuai gritted his teeth and then gazed at the one hundred-meter long sand path in front of him.

Gathering strength and then dropping into a "catapult" position, he threw the ball with a roar. "— Go!!!"

Shi Shuai's medicine ball flew in the air in a perfect arc and then dropped into the sandpit up ahead.

Holy shit?!

Seventy-three meters?

The old referee and the two referees next to him, plus Teacher Ye and all the students present at the scene, were dumbfounded.

On the side, Fang Xing gave a knowing smile.

He noticed Wang Ling stealthily withdraw his crooked finger.





Chapter 563 Wang Ling's Medicine Ball


Seventy-three meters.

The whole audience was dumbstruck!

The old referee was flabbergasted at Shi Shuai's result... Seventy-three meters was yet another new record! The all-time record for the one hundred-kilogram medicine ball throw was just seventy-one meters!

Shi Shuai never thought he could throw the ball that far!

The instant he had let it fly, he had felt that an upper limit of forty meters would already be pretty good!

What was going on?

He stared at his hands in disbelief. Could it be... had the relay race yesterday inadvertently opened him up to enlightenment?!

"This..."

The referees were stunned, but the medicine ball's trajectory had been normal.

The sand path had an anti-cheating mechanism that would activate if magic was being used to cheat. The instant the medicine ball was thrown, the mechanism had already started to monitor its speed and drop point. If Shi Shuai had cheated, the referees would have noticed.

The truth was, this anti-cheating mechanism was useless on Wang Ling.

The reason was very simple... This anti-cheat mechanism only monitored the use of magic.

What Wang Ling used was Heavenly Dao!

The old referee took a breath, yet to come to his senses. He had come to Number 60 High School three times, and they had broken records on each day. On the first day, it was the ten thousand-meter relay while controlling a sword. On the second day, Jiang Bai, who represented the school in archery, had set a new record for making zero errors, and now on the third day, the medicine ball record was also theirs? Number 60 High School was pretty amazing this year!

"Take down the result, seventy-three meters!" the old referee announced.

He sighed in his heart: the younger generation would eventually surpass them!

Sun Rong: "I never thought Classmate Shi Shuai would be this good." A group of students from Grade One, Class Three had turned out to cheer for Wang Ling; the familiar faces of Su Xiao, Chen Chao, Guo Hao, Sun Rong, Lin Xiaoyu and the rest were part of an impressive lineup.

Guo Hao: "He could've just been a lucky bastard, like Chen Chao the day before yesterday."

Chen Chao: "???"

In truth, Chen Chao really couldn't deny Guo Hao's words. His peak condition and accidental luck could be the only reasons for his performance in the ten thousand-meter relay the day before yesterday; there was no way he could have done it otherwise.

"Is this already a record-breaking score?"

Su Xiao said, "Also, I know that this sand path has an anti-cheating mechanism; it'll detect if you use magic when you throw the medicine ball!"

Chen Chao chuckled. "Hey, maybe the magic is so advanced that the mechanism can't detect it at all!" Chen Chao said this in a low voice and purely as a joke, but the corner of Wang Ling's lips twitched when he heard it.

"Student Wang Ling, it's your turn!"

Shi Shuai was in a great mood after his outstanding performance. When he handed the ball to Wang Ling directly, he apologized in passing. "I'm really sorry about the day before yesterday!" When he said this, he even stretched out his arms to give Wang Ling a cordial hug!

But just as he reached out, Fang Xing slapped his hands away. "Not a bad apology! Children can indeed be taught! But Classmate Wang Ling doesn't like this." Fang Xing was still puzzled; an apology was well and good, why did he still raise his hands...

Shi Shuai could only withdraw his hands awkwardly, and he scratched his head as he looked at Wang Ling. "Let me know what you want to eat next time, I'll treat you!"

"Mm." Without saying anything else, Wang Ling gave Shi Shuai a nod and the matter was considered closed.

Teacher Ye laughed secretly on the side. It was always good to settle any conflicts internally. They were schoolmates; there was no need to be so stiff with each other. He had initially planned to have a heart-to-heart chat with Wang Ling and Shi Shuai after the sports meet to resolve the conflict, but looking at them now, Teacher Ye felt that he had completely been thinking too much!

Not only did this batch of students have good physiques, they could also reflect on themselves and their self-growth! Teacher Ye felt that this was probably the easiest batch of students he had ever taken care of.

But it was the school's style to describe them as the worst batch for now, so Teacher Ye couldn't spill the beans and could only laugh to himself.

Accepting the medicine ball from Shi Shuai, Wang Ling heaved a dark sigh.

He had previously tested his performance with the medicine ball and he couldn't maintain steady control of his strength. Even with the talisman seal on, it was still hard to control his strength when he threw the ball; Wang Ling felt that it was a lot harder than controlling the sword during the relay!

The ball in his hands, Wang Ling stood on the throw line as he was greeted with deafening cheers.

"Classmate Wang Ling, good luck!" Sun Rong and Lin Xiaoyu led the cheers.

Given Sun Rong's support, a lot of boys from the other classes followed suit and started shouting.

"Good luck, Wang Ling!"

"Good luck, Classmate Wang Ling! Smash Shi Shuai's seventy-three meters, I believe you can do it!"

"..."

Drawing in a breath, Wang Ling got ready to throw the ball.

The moment he threw it, he suddenly realized that he had used too much strength!

In the end, his result was sixty-five meters!

He breathed a sigh of relief. "..."

Luckily... the ball came back...

"Well done, Student Wang Ling!" Teacher Ye was over the moon.

This was already a pretty good performance!

In the crowd of spectators, Guo Hao asked in a low voice, "Strange... did you see the parabola of the medicine ball just now?"

Chen Chao shrugged. "I wasn't paying much attention. By the time I came back to my senses, Wang Ling's ball had already dropped to the ground."

Guo Hao: "Maybe there was something wrong with my eyes?"

After verifying the result, the old referee pushed up his glasses. "Mm, no problem, take the result down! Sixty-five meters!"

When Wang Ling had thrown the medicine ball, Fang Xing had been drinking water.

He had almost sprayed it out when he saw Wang Ling's throw!

How the hell could there be no problem...

The fact that other people couldn't see it was normal, but Fang Xing had seen it very clearly!

If he hadn't seen wrong...

Wang Ling's medicine ball just now had gone one lap around the globe!

...

A few minutes before Wang Ling had thrown the ball...

The sun shone down on the golden sand of a beach in Mixiu nation.

A blue-eyed blonde foreigner with huge pectoral muscles was lying on a deck chair on the beach. He only wore a pair of beach shorts and was flanked on both sides by two rows of beautiful assistants.

"Still no news?" Head pillowed on one arm, the man spoke with a foreign accent and sipped at his juice.

This juice was made from imported Kasyapa spirit fruit; it was sold by the drop, and one drop cost one thousand immortal gold.

"President Edmark, President Bai is still making discreet enquiries, but it should be soon." A female assistant put down her phone and bent down to whisper in his ear.

"This Devil King's Remains will belong to our Night Chief no matter what. Anyone who gets in my Night Chief's way will be disposed of." This barrel-chested foreigner curled his lip and smiled slightly. "We've been planning this since last year and planted a lot of spies in Huaxiu nation in order to take Devil King's Remains for ourselves. As long as we control it, we can possess the whole world."

"Mr Edmark... this subordinate is slow..."

Brow furrowed, the female assistant completely didn't understand what he meant by possessing the whole world.

This Mr Edmark smiled as he spoke telepathically to just this female assistant. "You've been by my side for so many years through thick and thin, so there's no harm in telling you. This is already no longer a secret among Night Chief's upper management. Do you know why we are vying for this Devil King's Remains?"

She also used telepathy to reply, "For the extinct materials inside?"

"No no no."

Mr Edmark shook his head. "This is all for the level thirteen magic hidden inside Devil King's Remains."





Chapter 564 You Have Completely No Idea What Happened


"Level thirteen spell?" The female assistant's face turned pale with shock.

Over the last few decades, it could be said that she had seen and experienced many things, but she had never heard of a level thirteen spell. Until now, the highest supreme secret magic she had ever heard of was only level ten.

A level ten spell was already transcendent magic with power that completely wouldn't lose out to a hundred spirit power nuclear bombs.

A level thirteen spell... A spell that was a whole three levels higher? How terrifying was that?

Cold sweat trickled down the female attendant's cheeks; she didn't dare follow this train of thought.

"Why do you think Huaxiu nation has tried everything they can to prevent other countries from invading?" Holding the cup of juice, President Edmark couldn't help laughing. "Of course, it's very important to protect the resources in the remains. But what's even more important is that they too are after the level thirteen transcendent spell hidden in Devil King's Remains. This is the intelligence we obtained last year from the spies which our Night Chief planted in Huaxiu's military forces."

The female assistant was once again stunned by these words. To be able to plant spies inside Huaxiu despite how formidable the country's defense had been all these years, and to obtain information from the military as well... Given the level of secrecy involved, it went without saying how classified the information on the existence of this "level thirteen magic" in Devil King's Remains was.

But how on earth had Huaxiu known about the magic to begin with?

Could it be that Huaxiu also had spies inside Night Chief...?

The female assistant cupped her chin and mulled the matter over.

"We once saw a level ten spell in a book, and already it had extraordinary power. Based on speculation by an expert in magic, the destructive power of a level eleven spell can bring disaster to the entire planet and a level twelve spell can destroy it, while a level thirteen spell... can completely wipe the planet from the universe."

A thought seemed to hit President Edmark as he curled his lip and smiled oddly. "You should now know how important this level thirteen spell is to us, right? As long as we master it, we can rule the world. We've been plotting this for a long time and President Bai's investigation should be coming to an end soon."

The female assistant's face turned pale with shock. She got down on one knee and lowered her head with a humble expression on her face. "President Edmark shared such an important secret with your slow-witted subordinate. This subordinate has nothing to return the favor with!"

"It's not a big deal."

He waved his hand and smiled, as if everything was under his control. "Do you know who I am? I am one of the six generals of Night Chief and also their leader. Although Bai Zhe and I are on equal footing, he doesn't have my authority to speak. After we've smoothly carried out this master plan, I'll think of a way to rope him in to work for me."

Hearing this, the female assistant's esteem of him grew even higher.

That was right, how great and how powerful was President Edmark?

When Night Chief had been first established, its earliest leaders were now the direct subordinates of the head of Night Chief, Night Ghost Spirit Emperor. Night Chief didn't have a deputy leader, but Edmark's status was already on an equivalent level. Except for Night Ghost Spirit Emperor, every other person in Night Chief had to show President Edmark respect, including the other five great generals.

And among the six great generals, President Bai's position was actually the lowest...

"On the surface, we six generals work as one and are like brothers. But the fact is that someone has already been secretly colluding with the enemy. I've assigned seventy percent of our manpower to this plan, and I know all its details. We have the superior advantage, so we must make good use of it!" said President Edmark.

Placing the juice down, he stretched out one strong and wide hand to stroke the female assistant's face as he looked at the other attendants. "All of you can leave."

With a whoosh, the rest of the attendants dispersed so that only President Edmark and this first female assistant remained on such a big golden beach.

"President Edmark, we shouldn't be doing this..." The female assistant blushed.

Edmark stood up at that moment, the muscles straining on his body as he transformed. Broad wings and a long, thick tail stretched out behind him as fur sprung up on his body.

President Edmark had been injected with the blood of an ancient griffin as part of Mixiu nation's experiment in combining humans and demon beasts together; he was one of the few successes of the experiment.

"Ah! President Edmark is really too handsome!" The female assistant was deeply enchanted. In this state, President Edmark's male pheromones were more intense, and the assistant couldn't help going soft at the knees.

They were very close to each other and his pheromones were too stimulating! Just as she was about to fall down, Edmark held her up with one broad hand around her slender waist. "You are worthy as the person who has served me the longest. When I'm in this beast state, whether it's man or woman, not a single person can stay standing in the face of my pheromones for more than three seconds."

President Edmark stroked her face gently. "You're so lovely. Can I touch you?"

"This subordinate belongs to you! I'm at your disposal." The female assistant blushed and tilted her head as she tried to avoid looking him in the eye. Instead, she turned her gaze to the jade green ocean waves.

Just as President Edmark was about to bend down and kiss her, the female assistant suddenly saw a dot of light unexpectedly appear on the sea horizon in the distance!

She rubbed her eyes to make sure she hadn't seen wrong. This dot of light was actually growing bigger and bigger!

She pointed at the sea horizon and cried out, "President Edmark, look! It seems like there's a meteor on the horizon!"

A meteor?

This golden beach was known as the beach where the sun never set, because an artificial sun had been set up so that it would be bright all year around. It wasn't a good place to see stars, so how could there possibly be a meteor?

"???"

President Edmark furrowed his brow; he felt a bit disgruntled at being interrupted, but he still followed the female assistant's gaze to the sea horizon.

There was indeed a dot of light that was growing brighter and brighter.

But it didn't seem to be a meteor.

President Edmark opened his Heavenly Eye and tried his best to catch the meteor's trajectory, but it was really too fast.

Even his dynamic vision couldn't capture this speed?

He was dumbfounded. He gathered all his spirit energy in his pupils, which due to the blood of the ancient griffin also had the eyesight of a bird, but even then he could only just get a rough image.

However, in the next moment, he realized that this meteor was actually flying toward him!

Bam!

This meteor smashed through his chest, leaving a huge bloody hole and splattering the female assistant's snow white face with fresh blood.

As the assistant screamed, President Edmark looked down at his chest in disbelief. A med... medicine ball?

These were his dying words...





Chapter 565 The New Generation Of Scapegoats


President Edmark was dead?

What on earth was that spiritual pressure that had fallen just now?

Covered in blood, the female assistant trembled on the golden beach, isolated and without help.

She hadn't seen clearly what had happened; the instant this unknown object penetrated President Edmark's chest, she had only sensed a terrifying oppressive force, like the sky falling down, which had suffocated her!

Although it had only been for an instant, the female assistant had felt the threat of death.

Who on earth had done this?!

Someone had actually been able to assassinate President Edmark without him sensing it at all!

And what was the "unknown object" that had penetrated his body?

Gritting her teeth and trembling as she got to her feet, she carefully examined the gaping and bloody wound in President Edmark's chest.

With the ancient griffin's blood, President Edmark's body had been endowed with the powerful ability to heal itself. In a regular situation, he wouldn't die on the spot even if he was beheaded!

But the wound on his chest was now bleeding nonstop; it was clear that the wound was completely unable to heal itself; very likely the unknown object had carried the "major damage" effect on it. Furthermore, it had gone right through his heart!

It could be said that this was a meticulously planned kill that hadn't met the slightest bit of resistance!

"I have to report this to Spirit Emperor as soon as possible." Her hands shaking violently, the female assistant called Night Chief's internal emergency hotline.

President Edmark had less than three minutes before he was completely beyond help.

If they were quick enough, there was still a chance that they could collect President Edmark's remnant soul from this golden beach.

But it was very strange!

Unexpectedly, no one was answering Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's emergency hotline!

This had never happened before!

...

At the same time, a secret laboratory on the border of Mixiu nation was in turmoil.

"Spirit Emperor was attacked!"

"Alert! Alert! Highest Alert!" some Night Chief disciples cried out in fright.

A man with waist-long black hair and a face as white as a vampire's was down on one knee in pain as he gasped harshly for breath.

This man with the twisted face was none other than the Night Ghost Spirit Emperor whom President Edmark had mentioned previously.

It had all happened too suddenly!

Just now, an unknown object had shattered the lab's eighty-one True Immortal barriers, blown apart the impregnable ramparts outside the lab, and taken off one of the Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's arms...

"Damn it... Who was it?! How dare they brazenly try to assassinate this lord!" Night Ghost Spirit Emperor flew into a rage. His entire right shoulder and arm had been completely ripped off and the injury wasn't healing itself.

It was obvious that the unknown object that had reduced him to this state just now carried the major damage effect.

To actually be able to injure him to this extent... This person had terrifying strength!

Whether that attack earlier had been a magic treasure or a spell, the person was definitely more than a True Immortal, to be able to give him such a severe injury.

A deep furrow in his brow, Night Ghost Spirit Emperor could only think of one possibility...

First, this person was definitely a Venerated Immortal.

Second, this person was very likely the legendary Immortal Zhenyuan.

Right now, all nations abided by the International True Immortal Convention, and the various heads of states would do mutual random checks each year to rule out the possibility of the existence of a Venerated Immortal. Thus, the chances were high that the person who had mounted this sneak attack was "Immortal Zhenyuan"!

But the problem was, how had Night Chief come to the attention of such a big name?

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's imagination ran wild.

This matter had to be thoroughly investigated at once! He had to know the truth!

"Lord Spirit Emperor! You have a call!" a disciple suddenly said at that moment.

"I've no time to answer it!" Gritting his teeth, Night Ghost Spirit Emperor released a breath of cold air to freeze the arm that was lying on the ground. "That strange magic treasure just now had the major damage effect on it so my injury isn't healing. Fetch me some anti-major damage drug ingredients at once!"

"Lord! It's an emergency internal call from President Edmark's first assistant Judy!" the disciple said again.

"Didn't you hear me? I said I don't have the time! Any more rubbish out of you and I'll crush your head!"

Because of his broken arm, Night Ghost Spirit Emperor was in a very bad mood. "Edmark this guy is becoming more and more outrageous! Tell him to call me personally!"

The disciple: "..."

...

On Number 60 High School's sports field.

"Sixty-five meters is already pretty good, right?" Guo Hao couldn't help praising. "I never expected Wang Ling to be so amazing. You look so thin, but you're really something."

"I've never thought Wang Ling was weak." Chen Chao tsked. "To be honest, I thought Wang Ling was hiding his strength. It's a pity that his performance is always the same - his test grades are always right down the middle and Teacher Pan can't say anything about them." Chen Chao couldn't help spreading his hands when he said this. It was because Wang Ling's performance was so stable that Chen Chao had gotten the mistaken impression that Wang Ling was average.

No matter how well a big shot hid their strength, their true nature would be revealed after taking so many tests! Furthermore, the teachers at Number 60 High School were never routine when they gave out the tests. To take the trouble of determining how to get an average score on the test topics prior to taking the test... who would be so free to do this type of headache-inducing thing?!

Thus, Chen Chao's initial idea that Wang Ling was a hidden boss was dispelled just like that.

The third person to undertake the medicine ball test was Fang Xing. When Wang Ling passed him the ball, Fang Xing thought that it felt sticky and its color seemed a little different...

But the medicine ball they were using for the competition was red to begin with. There was also some sand from the sand path stuck to it, so it was hard to discern the difference without a careful look.

Emm... Wait!

This wasn't blood, was it?!

Fang Xing broke out in a sweat. Wang Ling's medicine ball just now had gone one lap around the globe...

Who knew whether it had accidentally hit something!

Fang Xing smelled the blood on the ball but didn't think that it smelled human.

He sighed and decided to recite a section of the "Incantation of Rebirth" in front of the medicine ball later; no matter what, accidentally injuring a small animal wasn't good!

When Fang Xing threw the ball, the younger referee suddenly said, "Captain, does the color of this medicine ball seem a little different to you? It seems a lot brighter?"

"You're probably mistaken."

The old referee said, "Have you heard the nursery rhyme 'I Picked Up a Penny On the Road'?"

The young referee was startled. "I have..."

The old referee: "This nursery rhyme extols the virtue of not pocketing money that you stumble across. When you listen to this as a child, you'll hand over whatever money you find to the police uncle every time - don't you think the red scarf you wear is a lot brighter after that1?"

1(A reference to the Young Pioneers of China organization whose young members wear the red scarf as a uniform item ..) The young referee: "..."





Chapter 566 My And Brother Dog's True Love!


Elsewhere, Wei Zhi and Er Ha arrived at the entrance to the spirit beast assessment center one after another. The "battle of soul pets" was about to start. A general letter of authorization from Number 60 High School in hand, Wei Zhi went to the front desk with Er Ha to register.

When the sister at the front desk saw the photocopy of Wei Zhi's pet trainer qualification certificate that was attached to the letter, her mouth opened to the size of an egg: SSR... This was a big shot pet trainer!

The sister shuddered and stamped the letter. She had been shaken by the arrival of an S-level pet trainer previously, but now there was an SSR-level. It was obvious that both trainers had been hired by the schools. Were pet trainers so short of money these days... The sister was a little baffled.

"Hello, Mr Wei Zhi and Mr Er Ha, this is your letter of authorization. Your match will be held at Stadium 3 in fifteen minutes." The sister wore a professional smile.

"Thanks!" Wei Zhi accepted the information and pulled at his cap and turned the brim around out of habit.

Just as he was about to leave, the little sister suddenly opened her mouth. "That, wait..."

Wei Zhi turned around with a puzzled face. "Was there something else?"

The sister smiled embarrassedly. "Mr Wei Zhi, I'm very curious, what is the standard fee for pet trainers at your level when they substitute for an owner to lead a spirit beast into battle?"

"Oh, I'm not getting paid for this."

Wei Zhi shook his head and looked at Er Ha at his feet, his eyes full of stars. "What Brother Dog and I have is true love!"

The sister: "..."

Er Ha: "..."

The battle of soul pets was modeled as a real stadium battle. The spirit beasts from all the various schools would be whittled down at the group stage until three were left to take part in the finals, and the last championship round would take place among these three spirit beasts.

At the same time, the stadium battles would be broadcast live to every major high school; Er Ha guessed that there would definitely be a lot of people watching the final championship round.

Prior to the competition, Er Ha had already projected who the other two spirit beasts might be in the championship round.

"Aluminum Small Fish," Reliance High School's land shark; "Jinbei," Number 59 High School's goldenback gorilla, and that "battle lion" which Shenye High School and the Xiao clan had chosen would be the biggest enemies.

When they arrived at the entrance to Stadium 3, the S-level pet trainer that had been invited by Number 59 High School entered the arena with the goldenback gorilla.

Their opponent was a giant crystal king scorpion roughly the size of a monkey from Jinyuan High School, and the pet trainer whom Jinyuan High School had dispatched was also an S-level.

The goldenback gorilla was a fourth-class spirit beast, but the crystal king scorpion was third-class. However, as long as pet trainers were participating in this battle between spirit beasts, the outcome couldn't be decided based on the class of spirit beasts.

A pet trainer was actually an unknown quantity in a spirit beast battle.

The role of an excellent pet trainer was not only to take charge in battle, but also to help a spirit beast achieve victory. Directing the battle was just secondary; what was more important was to help the spirit beast detect the opponent's weakness during battle and quickly respond by formulating a purposeful battle plan.

The fact that Wei Zhi was able to get an "SSR" qualification as a pet trainer was ample proof that he had a very quick mind and sharp insight.

As Er Ha was thinking this, the entrance ceremony in Stadium 3 had already begun.

In his seat, the male commentator started to introduce the athletes. "What you're seeing below is player Jinbei from Number 59 High School and player Ganirun1, from Jinyuan High School!

1(From the Japanese TV series "B-Robo Kabutack" and is a horseshoe crab-type robot.) "It's worth mentioning that Jinyuan High School's player Ganirun stepped onto this stage after defeating three strong players also at third class, Spidon, Cobrander and Sharkler2! Let us now look forward to Ganirun's excellent performance!"

2(All from "B-Robo Kabutack..") Er Ha: "..."

In front of Stadium 3, Wei Zhi looked at the image on the huge broadcast screen. "Brother Dog, who do you think will win?"

Er Ha said without hesitation, "The goldenback gorilla has a better chance of winning."

Wei Zhi laughed. "Great minds think alike, Brother Dog! You and I were made for each other!"

Er Ha: "..."

Er Ha had investigated all the spirit beasts in this competition beforehand. The goldenback gorilla might not have as high a class as the crystal king scorpion, but the two spirit beasts were almost innately quite ill-matched.

Furthermore, it had been expressly stipulated that the spirit beasts were forbidden from using killing moves in these stadium battles, restricting them in many aspects. The use of the neural toxin which the crystal king scorpion was most proud of was thus heavily restricted. In this contest, the crystal king scorpion was only allowed to use a paralytic toxin.

Usually, however, this paralytic toxin wouldn't work on such a huge goldenback gorilla in the short term. Coupled with the goldenback gorilla's characterically thick skin, whether the crystal king scorpion's stinger could pierce it was another problem.

The battle began.

The goldenback gorilla began to beat its breast; this was a kind of battle cry-type sonic spell which could act to mentally discourage the other party.

The crystal king scorpion circled around the goldenback gorilla as it looked for a position from which it could inject this paralytic toxin. The pet trainers on both sides fought a battle of wits and courage. The crystal king scorpion's pet trainer was constantly looking for good attack opportunities, but the goldenback gorilla's pet trainer was more vigilant and would instantly alert the gorilla of the crystal king scorpion's slightest movements.

It had already been three minutes since the battle started...

But both sides hadn't physically clashed yet.

"We don't need to watch anymore, the goldenback gorilla has won the battle."

Wei Zhi looked at the time and immediately shook his head. "It's not possible to engage in a prolonged battle with spirit beast types like the goldenback gorilla, which is prone to enter rampage mode. A prolonged battle can easily trigger this rampage mode. This goldenback gorilla's opening battle cry was for the sake of increasing its rage meter. Once it enters rampage mode, it won't make a difference even if the crystal king scorpion stings it..."

Anyone with even the slightest knowledge of pet training knew that spirit beasts in rampage mode were basically immune to paralytic toxins. If hallucinogenic toxins hadn't been banned in the stadium battles, the crystal king scorpion might have had a better chance of winning.

Many pet trainers nearby cast glances at Wei Zhi as he analyzed the situation; there was some surprise and agreement, and also some doubt.

"The fight will be done in a minute." Wei Zhi didn't bother to watch the screen anymore. Instead, he crouched down and stroked Er Ha's dog fur. Miraculously, Er Ha realized that it unexpectedly didn't hate it at all; on the contrary, it felt quite comfortable.

Previously, except for when Little Master Ling brushed its fur with his fingers, anyone else who touched it made Er Ha uncomfortable.

But it wasn't the same with Wei Zhi.

"Grooming spirit beasts before a battle can help relax their minds." Wei Zhi groomed Er Ha for about a minute and then stood up.

Because on the big screen, the commentator had already officially declared the battle over.

Given that the crystal king scorpion's paralytic toxin didn't work, it was directly knocked out by the goldenback gorilla's iron hammer fists, which were the size of small mountains.

The two pet trainers shook hands and left the arena. As per convention following a stadium battle, the goldenback gorilla and the crystal king scorpion were sent off to get their injuries checked.

The battle was over in a minute, just as Wei Zhi had predicted.

Those pet trainers who had questioned him before all gave him amazed looks. "Who on earth is this person?"

"The two S-level pet trainers have come out! Teacher Xia Fei and Teacher Yue Yang! They are well-known pet trainers from the Pet Trainers Guild!"

The two pet trainers smiled as they left the stadium. Many young pet trainers surrounded them asking for their autographs.

But when the two of them saw Wei Zhi, they were instantly taken aback. "Shi-"

Wei Zhi smiled and narrowed his eyes as he gestured at them to hush.

Er Ha saw this. "..." As expected, this guy was a big shot!





Chapter 567 Brother Dog, You Roar Too!


With Wei Zhi's one gesture, the two S-level pet trainers promptly looked away and pretended to be completely oblivious. Although the eye contact had been fleeting, the reverence which the two S-level pet trainers had for Wei Zhi was very obvious to Er Ha.

It was very familiar with this look; it was the same expression people in the cultivation circle had once they knew "Ling Zhenren" and met him in person.

Er Ha and Wei Zhi walked through a very long passageway as they prepared to enter the arena. There was no one else around, so Er Ha couldn't help asking, "Were those two just now your disciples?" It thought they looked a little old...

Wei Zhi looked very young for an SSR-level pet trainer. Although he was still doing his best to make money to feed his contract spirit beasts, it wasn't difficult to see that he took good care of himself.

Wei Zhi shook his head. "No."

Er Ha nodded to itself, thinking that this was indeed the case.

Wei Zhi added, "They're my disciple's disciples."

Er Ha: "..."

...

When Er Ha and Wei Zhi entered the arena, they attracted a lot of attention. When they came out of the passageway, Er Ha was wearing its yellow skintight outfit.

After its skintight outfit had been ripped apart by the power of Sword Dao the last time, Mother Wang had rushed out several sets overnight. For Er Ha, this yellow skintight outfit was already no longer a training uniform, but also its battle outfit.

"That dog's a little interesting."

"This green-furred dog is even wearing a skintight outfit. It's the first time I've seen an ordinary breed akita that's evolved into a spirit beast. This has to be a mongrel mutation, right?"

The spirit beast assessment center's big screen attracted the gazes of a lot of pet trainers who were engaged in discussion. That was because Er Ha was the smallest spirit beast in the the competition this time, even smaller than the crystal king scorpion "Ganirun" earlier.

The opponent Er Ha faced this time was Jiancai High School's flame tsunami dog, full name: flame splitting tsunami 1 dog...

1(One of the protagonist's skills in "Battle Through The Heavens.") As soon as the pet trainers and spirit beasts from both sides entered the arena, everyone was stunned by the stark difference in the size of the spirit beasts.

Compared with the flame tsunami dog from Jiancai High School, Er Ha was really too small!

"They're both third-class, but the difference in size is too big..." Many trainers couldn't help looking at the profiles of the spirit beasts broadcasted on the big screen. The spirit beast assessment center had information records on all lawfully contracted spirit beasts, and all this data had been directly taken from their database.

Grade, species, body type and habits were all made public.

Flame Tsunami Dog: Flame Dog Family; Flame Tsunami Genus.

Name: Mad Breaker Three Swords

Level: Third-class

Weight: 200 kilograms

Length: 4 meters

Height: 2.3 meters

Characteristics: Violent and Berserk, Gallant and Fearless, Unrestrained 2

2(The word 浪 both means ocean wave or breaker, and unrestrained.) In his seat, the male commentator said, "As you can see, the color of Mad Breaker Three Swords's fur is very beautiful, which shows that this flame tsunami dog has excellent breeding! According to its owner, this Mad Breaker Three Swords's main diet is insects, and its main food are the spirit butterflies which Spirit Butterfly Village has in abundance!"

"No wonder it has such good breeding!" Many of the pet trainers were amazed. Spirit Butterfly Village's spirit butterflies were top quality food insects and each one was pricey!

"A spirit butterfly can sell for five hundred immortal gold bars at most."

"So expensive?"

Some pet trainers new to the industry didn't quite understand the situation. "Are they filling?"

"For a flame tsunami dog of that size, eating two spirit butterflies would be enough. One spirit butterfly weighs fifty kilograms."

"So heavy..."

"A Pushing Large Butterfly is already thirty-two kilograms!"

"..."

Later, Er Ha's profile was also displayed.

Name: Er Ha

Species: Akita

Level: Third-class

Weight: 20 kilograms

Length: 1.1 meters

Height: 0.68 meters

Characteristics: Buddha-like 3 ...

3(This refers to someone who can see through the vanities of life and who has a casual and calm mindset.) Everyone: "..."

The fight had yet to start for real, but many people were already looking down on that green-furred dog. For spirit beasts of the same type, it was the size difference that decided the outcome most of the time. And the main point was, they had never seen the pet trainer of this green-furred dog before! It seemed he wasn't famous...

When they heard people ask around about Wei Zhi's identity, Xia Fei and Yue Yang sweated and started whispering to each other.

"Why... is shishuzu 4 here?"

4(The junior brother of your master's master, i.e. like a grand uncle.) "Who knows, he's probably running out of money again..."

"But he's so amazing; why doesn't he have more of a reputation?"

"You probably don't know, but when he used to fight before, he always had a yellow-skinned mouse 5 with him. Without the mouse around, his existence plummeted..."

5(A reference to Pikachu.) "..."

"Actually, it's because shishuzu himself keeps a low profile; a big part of the reason why he doesn't have enough money is because he doesn't want to get involved in the business of spreading fake ads. A few years ago, that Red Hair Medicinal Liquor company approached him to be their ambassador. He found out that this medicinal liquor contained the bone of the spirit leopard, which is a second-class spirit beast under state protection. He was so enraged back then and was crushed for a period of time after that because of it."

"..."

At that moment, someone suddenly remembered that these two were still there, and one by one people turned to look at them. "What do you think, Teacher Xia Fei and Teacher Yue Yang? Which side do you think will win?"

In the end, neither of them said anything, and just shrugged their shoulders before they left.

For them, there was already nothing worth watching in this match. They didn't actually know what that green-furred dog's strength was like, but since it could catch Wei Zhi's attention, it definitely wasn't weak. Besides, they had also heard previously that Wei Zhi was helping a friend compete; the problem was that they hadn't realized at all that Wei Zhi would be competing in the same event with them.

A match with an SSR-level pet trainer, plus it was their shishuzu competing... What was there to see?!

...

With a whistle, the duel officially began.

Standing behind Er Ha, Wei Zhi carefully observed the flame tsunami dog's movements as he tried to find its weakness, and he calmly analyzed the situation. "Brother Dog, be careful. This flame tsunami dog is capable of a flamethrower spell, but the cooldown after the spell is quite long; I suggest a swift attack at close range in a blitzkrieg strategy."

This was probably Er Ha's first fight with its own kind. It watched the flame tsunami dog's every move. In the end, this flame tsunami dog gave a low snort of disdain.

This was beast language that only Er Ha could understand, but its attitude was so obvious that even many of the cultivators watching also understood: Er Ha... was being looked down on by this flame tsunami dog!

" Woof! Woof! Woof! " The flame tsunami dog let out a battle cry and Er Ha felt a strong wind lash out at it. This was the sonic wave slice from the battle cry; it was so fast that even many of the cultivators at the scene didn't react in time.

Er Ha didn't know if it was because it had been training with Sheep and Jingke recently, but it felt that not only was the flame tsunami dog's roar weak and lacked power, the speed of this sonic wave slice was also very slow - Er Ha felt that the time it took for the sonic wave slice to float over to it was long enough for it to take a piss!

It was clear that this was a slightly contemptuous and provocative feeler that this flame tsunami dog had sent out.

But when it saw Er Ha actually evade this sonic wave slice deftly, its expression also changed slightly.

Wei Zhi was a little unhappy. "Brother Dog! We can't let it look down on us! You roar too! Send a roar back!"

"Got it!"

Er Ha nodded to itself since it had already intended to do so.

At that moment, all eyes were glued to this green-furred dog.

They saw it get into position and it suddenly looked up at the sky and roared, "┗ ` O ' ┛ Awuu 6 ~~ "

6(The sound of wailing..) Wait a minute! ... Awuu ?!

Everyone: "..."

Wei Zhi was very satisfied. This was just like Brother Dog! Its cry was very distinctive!





Chapter 568 Bone King's Intimidation


This battle cry was almost a little comical, causing the flame tsunami dog named "Mad Breaker Three Swords" to look disgusted, but just as the roar faded away, its expression suddenly changed.

Somehow, this small green-furred dog which had looked weak at first sight, with a physique that was the direct opposite of its own, suddenly made it feel a hint of alarm!

This was... spiritual oppression?

Mad Breaker Three Swords struggled to keep its composure, but it found itself starting to shake uncontrollably and violently like a guichu video1 at the green-furred dog's battle cry.

1(Guichu videos 鬼畜视频 showcase edited or spliced images and sounds on repeat loops that are often set to background music.) The flame tsunami dog's pet trainer realized something was wrong. "Three Swords! You need to calm down! Just think! If you win this match, your owner will buy you a Venerable Spirit Butterfly! It'll be cooked in your favorite way, as cream puff tempura!"

Venerable Spirit Butterfly?

This was the most luscious spirit butterfly in Spirit Butterfly Village, and also the parent of all spirit butterflies, hence its extraordinary name! Furthermore, there was only one in every nest! A Venerable Spirit Butterfly was thus very expensive, and sold for roughly fifty thousand immortal gold bars! But its meat was tasty and Mad Breaker Three Swords had been drooling over it for a long time.

As long as the head was removed, there was two hundred times more protein in a Venerated Spirit Butterfly than in a regular spirit butterfly!

Three Swords! — You must get it, Three Swords!

So that master can buy a Venerated Spirit Butterfly and roll it into cream puffs and fry tempura, and then you can eat them one by one! You must hold on! Don't admit defeat in front of this mongrel autumn green dog!

But... it was still shaking uncontrollably!

Three Swords began to realize that this battle cry wasn't an ordinary one as it had directly stirred up its spirit and soul — this was fear from the depths of its heart! This wasn't something as simple as spiritual oppression! How terrifying!

It was clearly a dog that was only the size of its palm, but after that battle cry, it felt like the green-furred dog's eyes had grown infinitely larger, as if they were looking into the very depths of its soul and the blue dome of heaven was pressing down on it with profound force.

This dog... exactly what was it?

"So... so scary, woof..." Three Swords started to whine softly; its tears had already begun to flow and it suddenly burst out in uncontrollable crying. This was because it realized that it already had no chance of winning this match, but most important of all... It couldn't eat its most beloved, long-awaited Venerable Spirit Butterfly!

The more Three Swords cried, the more sorrowful it became. Finally, it even flipped onto its back and cried loudly and bitterly with its paws over its eyes.

It was so scared... it cried?!

This scene was completely unexpected and everyone watching the big screen was stunned; even the commentator was astonished. What was going on?

How had such a large flame tsunami dog been frightened into crying by a mongrel akita?

The commentator's face was stunned. "Player Three Swords, can you still fight? Please grab hold of your valiant and fearless will to fight! The match can't just end like that! This is live!"

Three Swords covered its dog face with its paws. "I can't, woof... I don't want to, woof... I really can't, woof... Hurry up and find someone to carry me away, or it'll really be too late, woof..."

The commentator was very angry. "Player Three Swords! Please show us the fighting spirit of a contract spirit beast!"

But hardly had the commentator spoken when a fountain shot into the sky as Three Swords cried...

Player Three Swords was so scared it had wet itself...

Its tears were like the banks of a river bursting. "I already said I can't, woof..."

Wei Zhi and Er Ha: "..."

Er Ha was full of despair. Had it lost control of its power just now? Shouldn't be! But then why was the flame tsunami dog this scared...?

Er Ha withdrew its aura and walked slowly toward Three Swords. It was as if Three Swords was seeing a wild and fierce beast approaching it, and with two long streams of tears trailing behind it, it actually fled the arena. This was probably the legendary "running away in tears2"...

2(This is a literal translation of 泪奔, but the word actually means "to get emotional .. ") "..."

The commentator had a helpless look on his face. "Due to player Three Swords losing the ability to fight, player Er Ha is the winner of this match..."

...

After the match, Wei Zhi watched the replay in the players' lounge and was puzzled no matter how he thought about it. "Brother Dog, what did you do just now?" He thought Brother Dog's "awuu" had been very cute! But why had it scared the flame tsunami dog to that extent?

Er Ha: "I don't know, I'm confused, too..."

Wei Zhi frowned. "Brother Dog, if you weren't going all out but you could frighten the flame tsunami dog to that extent, I wonder if it might be due to the effect of an external factor? For example... a magic treasure?" There were actually no restrictions on magic treasures in a conventional stadium battle between spirit beasts. Spirit beasts could use their own magic treasures during a battle, but usually there was no need for them so there weren't any opportunities to use them.

Er Ha was blank when Wei Zhi brought this up.

Was it because of the Bone King?

Although it had been refined into a magic treasure by Luo Chuang, the Bone King in the end was a bone from Dog Saint!

Er Ha took out the green Bone King with the Space Swallowing Spell. "I think it's because of this! This magic treasure was created from the Bone King which you gave me!" Because they were very close and it was Wei Zhi who had originally given him this Bone King, Er Ha felt that there was no need to hide it.

"Brother Dog refined the Bone King into a magic treasure?" Wei Zhi was also shocked when he saw it.

To be honest, the vice president had a lot of precious treasure, but Wei Zhi had only been interested in this one at the time as he had felt that it wasn't simple. He never expected to have actually picked up a gem.

Wei Zhi tsked. "This bone's origin isn't simple! Perhaps this is the bone of some top class spirit beast which Brother Dog has refined into a magic treasure. It's because you have this on you that other spirit beasts will feel dread!"

"Mm."

Er Ha on the whole agreed with Wei Zhi's conclusion. The fact that the flame tsunami dog had been frightened to that extent probably had to do with the Bone King. This was the bone of Dog Saint, the supreme leader of dogs. The slightest hint of its aura would intimidate any dog-type spirit beast.

However, Er Ha currently didn't know whether the Bone King had the same intimidating effect on other spirit beasts since it might only be effective on dog-type spirit beasts.

Er Ha decided to experiment a little in the fight later.

"What magic treasure attribute does the Bone King have now?" Wei Zhi asked.

"It's versatile," Er Ha answered.

"That's quite a special spatial attribute!" Wei Zhi sighed emotionally as many thoughts crowded his mind at the same time. "Later in battle, can you take out this Bone King? I want to do an experiment!"

Wei Zhi cast a glance at the final showdown in the battle of spirit beasts.

The opponents Er Ha would be facing next were Jinbei, the goldenback gorilla with rough skin and thick flesh, and Reliance High School's land shark Aluminum Small Fish.





Chapter 569 Good Luck, Little Xia!


An hour later, the battle of soul pets final which everyone had been looking forward to was about to begin.

The final members selected for the championship were those that Wei Zhi and Er Ha had predicted at the beginning. Er Ha had initially thought that the remaining two spirit beasts that would finally appear in the championship round would be out of Jinbei, the goldenback gorilla, Aluminum Small Fish, the land shark, or the battle lion from Shenye High School.

What was surprising was that the battle lion from Shenye High School lost to Aluminum Small Fish, the brutal land shark from Reliance High School. More importantly, it was a crushing defeat! When Er Ha and Wei Zhi came out of the arena, they heard nearby pet trainers discussing it.

"That land shark is kind of scary!"

"I thought both parties would be evenly matched at first... I never expected this battle lion to fall so soon. The battle lion handpicked by the Xiao clan was actually one-sidedly beaten by a land shark!"

"But it seems that the land shark ate something before the match. Could it be a stimulant?"

"I don't think it was a stimulant." A pet trainer shook his head.

As they chatted about this, what Aluminum Small Fish, the land shark, had eaten before the match had been identified, and the result directly appeared on the big screen. What it had eaten just now was a pack of potato chips...

Er Ha was amazed. How formidable were gluttons nowadays?

"Potato... chips..."

All the pet trainers were dumbstruck and rendered speechless.

If it had been a stimulant, it would definitely have been strictly prohibited, but who knew a spirit beast could be so obsessed with snacks!

Back in the player's lounge, Wei Zhi began his analysis. "It seems that this land shark has a unique physical trait; it's probably a kind of fierce stimulatory response. Spirit beasts with this kind of trait are really rare!"

"What kind of physical trait is that?" Er Ha asked.

"You can think of it as a hyperstimulation in reaction to some common foods. Usually in this stimulated state, the spirit beast's strength will increase sharply and it can display extreme power completely beyond its class. Furthermore, it doesn't have any negative impact on the body; on the contrary, it promotes the resilience of the meridians in the body... Overall, it's a pretty good physical trait."

Wei Zhi added, "But spirit beasts with this type of physical trait are usually difficult to tame. Not only can they eat, they are especially expensive to raise, so ordinary people can't afford to keep them."

Er Ha sweated. "..." However much it ate, could it eat more than Xiao Yin?

But listening to Wei Zhi's analysis now, Er Ha was increasingly looking forward to a showdown with this land shark. Er Ha's strength was now second-class. If this land shark could break out second-class strength using this physical trait, Er Ha suddenly felt that this was a fight worth anticipating!

About five minutes later, Wei Zhi and Er Ha entered the arena again.

This time, Er Ha would be facing two enemies. Besides Jinbei, the goldenback gorilla, there was Aluminum Small Fish, the land shark, who was eating potato chips like crazy.

Wei Zhi greeted the goldenback gorilla's pet trainer opposite him. "Good luck, Little Xia!"

Er Ha: "..." Of course! Little Xia had appeared... If Little Gang showed up, they could form a team of three and sweep up the medals 1 !

1(Little Zhi, Little Gang and Little Xia are the Chinese names of the main characters in the original 'Pokemon' series ..) Xia Fei: "..." To be honest, Xia Fei had been in denial right up to this moment... He had no chance of winning at all with a fourth-class gorilla! This was like teaching a fish how to swim in front of his shishuzu !

So when Wei Zhi greeted him, Xia Fei's heart couldn't help trembling and his complexion paled slightly; he was both nervous and scared.

A lot of pet trainers were watching this scene on the big screen.

"Come to think of it, who on earth is this green-furred dog's pet trainer? Why don't I have any impression of him?"

"This man actually called Teacher Xia Little Xia, like they know each other? Look, Teacher Xia Fei's face has changed... he's probably angry..."

With the earth-shaking sound of an electronic gong, the showdown which everyone had been waiting for started.

Er Ha began to observe the land shark.

Because this land shark was female, it could be considered not very big, but it was still three meters long! It was covered from head to toe ih black scales, which the land shark had developed in order to protect its skin on land. In water, the scales would disappear. Apart from this, the land shark had two legs!

Er Ha thought that its appearance was a little like the mermaid painted by the police officer in the movie The Mermaid...

At that moment, the land shark Aluminum Small Fish stopped eating and casually threw the pack of potato chips to one side. Its legs then shook, and like a meteor from outer space, it dropped straight into the ground directly between Er Ha and the goldenback gorilla.

"Both of you, surrender and save yourselves the suffering."

After that, Aluminum Small Fish looked at its pet trainer and said, "And you! Why are you spacing out! Hurry up and order takeout! This old woman wants to eat chips! This fight will be over very soon! Order first!"

Everyone was rooted to the spot in astonishment. "..."

It was in the end a spirit beast who had the fierce stimulatory response trait, and its pet trainer simply had no say...

Wei Zhi chuckled and took no notice at all of the land shark's provocation. "Pretty cute, little shark! Though the land shark is called a land shark, you would have had more of an advantage in a water battle! How can a fish be called a fish out of the water?"

The land shark didn't listen to its pet trainer at all. It was blank for a moment before it immediately felt violent rage. How dare Wei Zhi look down on it! It was strong enough even without drawing on the power of water! The land shark vigorously shook its short legs and instantly tumultuous energy rose up from under the ground to blow up the stage.

The goldenback gorilla's pet trainer Xia Fei immediately said, "Jinbei! Get out of the way!"

Unfortunately, because of its huge size, plus this completely unexpected energy that had welled up from under the ground, the goldenback gorilla couldn't dodge in time at all and this energy jabbed it in the anus, causing the gorilla to wail as it covered its butt with its hands.

But the land shark paid no attention at all to this fourth-class gorilla that couldn't speak and was intent on watching Er Ha make a spectacle of itself. However, it completely didn't expect Er Ha to be faster than it imagined. The instant the energy rose up, Er Ha stomped the ground with its dog paws, promptly cutting the energy off and completely canceling it out.

While the land shark was feeling astonished, the opponent struck back.

"Brother Dog, take it down with your magic treasure!"

"Mm."

Because Wei Zhi had said before that he wanted to experiment with the Bone King, Er Ha very cooperatively took it out. The instant this emerald green bone staff appeared, it drew cries of surprise from everyone around!

Although no one knew what the origin of this emerald green bone staff was, anyone with discerning eyes could tell that it wasn't simple!

The moment Er Ha took out the Bone King, both the goldenback gorilla and that rash land shark subconsciously took several steps back!

Staring at the green bone staff, the land shark felt shaken for some reason.

What was going on?

It actually... felt a little scared just now?





Chapter 570 Jinbei Ignored


This retreat was an instinctive response to a strong threat!

It was a completely involuntary reaction!

As expected...

After doing this test, Er Ha could basically confirm it.

The Bone King's power of intimidation didn't affect just dog-type spirit beasts, it could probably suppress all spirit beasts to some degree! The effect was just more obvious with dog-type spirit beasts!

After coming to this conclusion, both Wei Zhi and Er Ha felt very confident.

Wei Zhi: "Brother Dog! Go! It's a rare opportunity!"

The 'rare opportunity' Wei Zhi was talking about referred to the chance for Er Ha to familiarize itself with the use of its magic treasure. If you wanted to increase your rapport with your magic treasure, actual combat was usually a more effective way! There was a saying that practice brought forth true knowledge, and this was true of cultivation.

Er Ha was very cautious as it faced this land shark because they were definitely evenly matched. When its potential was triggered through its unique physical trait, the land shark's aura was completely unlike its recorded third-class status and was closer to second class or even peak second class... This was a completely different feeling from when Er Ha faced Sheep and Jingke — Er Ha actually felt a trace of battle excitement!

"Awuu!" Er Ha howled and jumped up high and then brought the Bone King down!

Aluminum Small Fish was astonished by this swift reaction and this emerald green bone staff magic treasure of unknown origin. It was fortunate that it was able to respond exceptionally quickly in its excited state and it immediately used its iron tail as a block as it waited for an opportunity to strike back.

However, the Bone King was a third-class holy weapon, after all. While Er Ha might not be able to exhibit the full power of a third-class holy weapon at its current level, it could still use sixty percent, which was already extraordinarily strong. The moment the Bone King collided with the land shark's iron tail, Aluminum Small Fish felt a huge crushing force and an ongoing burning sensation of pain!

What on earth was the origin of this emerald bone staff?

Aluminum Small Fish couldn't imagine at all how a dog that was only at third class on paper could have such a terrifying magic treasure, and Er Ha was unexpectedly able to control it with a steady hand.

The truth was that in a normal situation, a second-class spirit beast would never be able to control a third-class holy weapon. When spirit energy was injected into a third-class holy weapon, the holy weapon would inevitably generate feedback which the body of a second-class spirit beast wouldn't be able to withstand.

But the point was that Loopy Dao had the power of a Heavenly Dao inside it!

This power was from Evil Sword God's "ten-meter sword circle" power of Sword Dao.

Although Er Ha hadn't completely mastered it, it was precisely this power that helped it to suppress the force of the feedback from the third-class holy weapon as well as to handle it!

It was also because of this restrictive effect that the Bone King had been able to harmonize with the power of Sword Dao inside Er Ha when it had turned into a pair of boxing gloves back then, the amassed power of Sword Dao causing spikes to sprout on the boxing gloves.

But Er Ha had no intention of using the power of Sword Dao in this battle, otherwise it would be a little unfair...

What it wanted to do now was simply test the Bone King's performance in its regular state as well as how much power the set of Basic Dog Skills could exhibit on a level playing field.

The land shark Aluminum Small Fish started to get serious. While it evaded Er Ha's attack, it couldn't help glancing at the pet trainer behind it. "Why are you spacing out? Analyze the situation!"

The pet trainer was also stunned. "..." Aluminum Small Fish hadn't listened to him at all previously, but had now flipped faces quicker than flipping through a book!

Many people were also watching this scene as the battle was broadcast live to every major high school.

It was meant to be time for the political science lesson at Number 60 High School, but since the start of the battle of spirit beasts, all the teachers had stopped teaching as per the school's arrangement in order to play the broadcast of the battle.

Seeing that the rebellious land shark had actually started to ask for help from its pet trainer, Su Xiao couldn't help tsking. "I didn't expect Er Ha to be so awesome! It can push Reliance High School's Aluminum Small Fish to that extent! But Er Ha's cultivation speed is also a little too fast! It hasn't been long but it's already so strong!"

Most of the students in Grade One, Class Three didn't doubt Er Ha's strength; they were just stunned by Er Ha's cultivation speed. Before Er Ha officially became a dog, it had originally been a demon king.

It had barely landed on earth when Senior Zhuo Yi had killed it, but as one of the demon kings of the demon race, it had also led a clan, and was a seasoned veteran!

Guo Hao chuckled. "Looks like my family's dog food is pretty good! Also, Er Ha is on good terms with this little uncle of mine; he's an SSR-level pet trainer and might have been privately giving Er Ha pointers on cultivation."

Hearing this, a lot of people in class nodded; this was actually quite a reasonable explanation. At the same time, Wang Ling was secretly relieved, otherwise he really wouldn't be able to explain how Er Ha had become so strong in such a short time after he had taken it in.

"But what is that magic treasure Er Ha's holding? Is it also from your little uncle?" Sun Rong asked.

"That's right." Guo Hao nodded. "My little uncle did tell me before that he gave Er Ha a bone as a present, but I never thought this thing would be a magic treasure."

Sun Rong: "Do you know the grade?"

Guo Hao shook his head. "I don't, I'll ask him later."

Chen Chao smiled. "This bone staff's light effects are pretty out of this world - it's like the Dragon Sabre light effects in the webgame1... Maybe it's a holy weapon!"

1(Possibly a reference to "The Legend of Mir..") Wang Ling: "..."

Guo Hao spread his hands. "Don't fool around, my little uncle has to support so many spirit beasts that he's short of money himself. The most he can do is send me ideas for spirit weapons; there's no way he can afford a holy weapon."

"I was just kidding..."

Chen Chao propped his head up with one hand. "Your little uncle is an SSR-level pet trainer, but why do so few people know of him?"

Guo Hao: "He's usually a more low-key person, but the main reason is that he always gets second place in any competition he participates in - who remembers the second-place winner? Also, he doesn't have that yellow-skinned mouse with him, so of course no one knows who he is."

Speaking of this "yellow-skinned mouse," everyone including the political science teacher on the dais suddenly all had enlightened expressions. Oh... him!

Wang Ling was taken aback. "..."

It turned out that it was the yellow-skinned mouse that everyone remembered...

...

Elsewhere, the battle was still ongoing in the arena.

Er Ha and the land shark were fighting violently, trading blows and going so far as to completely ignore the goldenback gorilla...

The commentator was speechless for a time at this scene.

Xia Fei couldn't continue watching anymore. "Jinbei! Fight!"

Jinbei sat down on the ground and looked back at Xia Fei.

Jinbei could only use sign language since it couldn't speak. Then it looked at Er Ha and the land shark Aluminum Small Fish who were fighting in front of it. Finally, it lifted its plump buttocks and patted them.

Xia Fei: "???"

The commentary immediately understood. "Player Jinbei's meaning is that this is a fight between immortals, how can it get involved2!"

2(The colloquial phrase used in Chinese literally translates to "fight, my butt!") Xia Fei's lips twitched. "You have to fight! Even if you lose, you have to fight!"

Jinbei looked at Xia Fei and beat its breast.

The commentator: "Player Jinbei said that if you continue pushing it, it'll beat your chest with its little fists."

Everyone: "..."





Chapter 571 Golden Bell Shield, Iron Cloth


The strength of a spirit beast like the goldenback gorilla lay in its rough skin and thick flesh and its ability to resist attacks. Furthermore, as soon as a battle became drawn out, it would enter rampage mode, which gave it explosive power. The truth was that it wasn't weak at all. However, a fourth-class spirit beast was in the end a fourth-class spirit beast, and the disparity between third class and fourth class was very big. Before, it had just been that third-class crystal king scorpion's bad luck that it had met its natural enemy.

The most critical thing was that both this land shark whose "violent" physical nature had been aroused and the green-furred dog that had taken out an emerald green bone staff of unknown origin now had combat strength that overall was at second class on average. The goldenback gorilla felt a moment of despair... it was a difference of two grades, it had no chance of winning this competition at all!

Since this was the case, it might as well sit and watch the show; at the very least it wouldn't suffer much. Anyway, Jinbei was already more than satisfied with having beaten the crystal king scorpion since it meant that at worst it was in third place!

Frankly speaking, Jinbei's reaction put Xia Fei as a pet trainer in an awkward position. Xia Fei felt a little disappointed, but he actually couldn't completely blame Jinbei. The main reason still was that in today's era of peace, the brutal natures of contract spirit beasts on the whole had weakened to a certain extent.

In addition, standard spirit beast contests weren't fights to the death, so the spirit beasts that specialized in challenging all kinds of spirit beasts in a stadium setting had already long lost the awareness of a wild beast.

Unfortunately, he wasn't Jinbei's owner. If Jinbei's owner was here, the latter might still be able to order it to make a move through the power of the contract.

Xia Fei frowned as he looked at Wei Zhi. If it was shishuzu , what would he do at this time...

Wei Zhi didn't give too many instructions, but carefully observed the changes in the Bone King. The more he looked at it, the more he felt that it wasn't simple. Wei Zhi actually never expected Er Ha to think of refining the Bone King into such a magic treasure. Additionally, the refining had been successful and it now carried the spatial attribute "change at will"; that meant it could transform into whatever Er Ha wanted.

After several rounds, the land shark Aluminum Small Fish began to feel a little tired. It didn't expect a mere green-furred dog to be so difficult to deal with.

"I'm going to get serious!" Aluminum Small Fish stared at Er Ha.

At this thought, the land shark took out a bag of Mylikes 1 and poured them all into its mouth.

1(Mylikes is a brand of chocolate in China that are a solid dark brown in color ..) Er Ha stared blankly at this scene. It turned out that potato chips weren't the only snack that could stimulate the land shark's volatile physical nature.

At this point, the commentator guessed that a lot of people would be questioning this move, so he immediately explained at the scene, "According to the rules of the competition, snacks are not prohibited items..." Actually, this was already on par with a "stimulant," but because there weren't any rules against it in the competition system, this type of spirit beast which had this unique volatile physical nature skirted the line.

In fact, during the general assembly for spirit beast assessment centers in previous years, some people had proposed restrictions on spirit beasts with special physiques by establishing new rules, but it never moved forward; apparently it was still under review.

After eating this second snack, Aluminum Small Fish curbed its spirit energy. Just a few seconds after eating the snack, it had already felt some excitement. However, it didn't immediately launch an attack, but jumped to a position far from Er Ha.

Er Ha didn't attack immediately; it actually still wanted to see what this cute little land shark was up to.

Aluminum Small Fish took a deep breath and its whole body began to swell up like a balloon.

The goldenback gorilla sensed that this wasn't good; this was obviously a prelude to a major attack!

"Golden Bell Shield!" Jinbei roared inwardly as it unexpectedly took out its own magic treasure. This was because it realized that this would be a wide-ranging group attack. What it needed to do now was hold firm; this might be a fight between immortals and Jinbei didn't want to get involved or get hurt, but it wanted even less to be directly kicked out of the arena.

To be kicked out of the ring by these two little things despite its huge size would actually be quite embarrassing! Although... it was already pretty embarrassing now...

As Aluminum Small Fish continued to suck air in, it got bigger and bigger until it finally became a massive black balloon.

"Brother Dog, watch out. This should be a sonic spell attack! Hold steady and don't let yourself drop out of the ring!"

Seeing this transformation, Wei Zhi immediately guessed what the land shark's next move was going to be based on his rich experience in directing spirit beasts as well as his firsthand experience, so he immediately gave Er Ha a warning.

The both of them could feel tremendous spirit power gathering inside the land shark.

Wei Zhi had already imbued his ears with spirit energy and covered them.

" Burp!!! "

The next moment, a terrible belch burst forth, and the sound was like a tidal wave which kicked up a strong wind that shook the whole ring. In his seat, the commentator was utterly shocked as he stared at this scene. This sonic attack was so strong it had even cracked the glass that shielded the commentator room!

This massive belch shook the sky and the earth. It was as if countless wind knives were blowing around in the air, lifting the bricks and tiles in the arena. This sharp scream of spirit power was all concentrated on Er Ha, who thrust the Bone King into the ground and held on tightly for fear of being sent flying out of the arena by this powerful sonic attack. Compared with that goldenback gorilla over there, it was way too light, so at this moment it could only rely on brute strength to hold up under this attack.

Everyone was swept up by this momentum as they stared stupidly.

The goldenback gorilla was sweating profusely in its heart. It was a good thing it had quickly taken out its magic weapon, Golden Bell Shield, otherwise it would have been sent flying straightaway. Because at that moment, even with the Golden Bell Shield, Jinbei could still feel an inexplicably strong pressure forcing its huge body backward despite itself, and it had to use all its strength to keep its center of gravity firm as it faced forward!

"Pretty amazing..."

Er Ha narrowed its eyes. It sighed in its heart: this sonic spell was at the very least a grade four spell!

The sound wave lasted for a very long time and was fiercely powerful as it came wave upon wave. Still, the most terrifying thing was that it was produced by belching...

The entire sound wave lasted for over forty seconds, and only after the land shark on the other side had let out all the air in its body did things settle down. However, it had already turned the arena into a mess.

Er Ha was puzzled. "What kind of sonic spell is this?"

Wei Zhi, who had looked up information on this land shark before, couldn't help narrowing his eyes. "I've heard before that this land shark has a sonic spell which it invented itself. It lasts for a long time and is a very powerful destructive and hair-trigger explosive force. Also, it can raise an endless strong wind... It looks like the sonic spell just now might be it."

Er Ha: "Does it have a name?"

"Yes."

Wei Zhi nodded. "Floating Waves Sound Belch..."





Chapter 572 Floating Waves Sound Belch, Ultimate Edition!


A self-invented spell called "Floating Waves Sound Belch"; moreover, it was a grade four spell...

It looked like it wasn't just the land shark's physique that was special; its identity also wasn't simple. Er Ha had in fact been vaguely aware of this point at the beginning of the battle. The land shark's bloodline wasn't simple, and it was probably a hybrid of some sort, but Er Ha didn't know what other bloodlines it had.

It was unfortunate that Little Master Ling wasn't here. Otherwise, he could use the "Great Blood Origin Spell" to find out; even if this land shark had eight bloodlines, he would be able to identify each and every one. Guo Hao's family parrot Er Dan, for example, was a super hybrid parrot.

Er Dan's strength actually wasn't ordinary, but because of its mixed blood, it couldn't control its strength very well and often needed to soak in a medicine bath. Guo Hao hence hadn't brought Er Dan the parrot to school for some time.

According to the section on spirit beasts in The Cultivation Encyclopedia , the land shark's various attributes were in fact comparatively balanced, but this particular one gave Er Ha a completely different feeling. Its strength and endurance were especially remarkable. While this was partly because of its special physique, as its battle opponent, Er Ha could really feel how unusual this land shark was!

The fact that it was able to create its own spirit technique was already proof that this land shark had very high spiritual intelligence, far beyond its peers.

Er Ha frowned. Honestly speaking, it was wondering if this land shark was in the same situation it was in.

For example, if it was the remnant of some soul that had been merged with a body...

Because when Er Ha fought this land shark, the latter gave it a familiar feeling.

Of course, it didn't sense the slightest bit of demon qi from this land shark.

It seemed that it would have to be careful in dealing with the other party!

Er Ha pondered this in its heart.

At that point, the arena was a mess. After the land shark's self-invented grade four sonic spell swept through the arena, the bricks had almost been completely blown away. While the main target of the sound wave had been Er Ha, the spell had ranged out in all directions.

Everything had collapsed around the land shark; the ground was cracked like a cobweb running out in all directions with the land shark in its center, and it looked very sinister.

Aluminum Small Fish gasped heavily for breath and at the same time was feeling a little startled in its heart. It had initially been very confident that its strike just now would be enough to send this weak little green-furred dog flying. The power of its sound wave had been tested before, and if its opponent didn't have any way of defending itself, this grade four sonic spell was powerful enough to directly lift a massive five hundred-kilogram object.

But, this green-furred dog was actually still holding on like a stubborn nail 1thanks to that emerald green bone staff stuck firmly in the ground.

1(The actual term 钉子户 literally translates to 'nail house' and refers to homeowners who refuse to move to make way for new development ..) It was clearly a small dog, but it actually had such tremendous power...

At this moment, Aluminum Small Fish thought in its heart that this green-furred dog's origin wasn't simple and it wasn't as easy as it looked to handle it, to say the least. A purebred akita or any other hybrid spirit dog could never be this strong!

For a moment, both sides sunk into silence in the wake of this powerful sonic spell attack and the subsequent block against it.

At Number 60 High School, emotions were running high in Grade One, Class Three. A lot of people could tell that this land shark wasn't easy to deal with!

"Can our Er Ha win?" Su Xiao was suddenly a little nervous.

Many people in class had thought that it would be an easy victory for their Er Ha, but they never thought that the land shark would be so difficult to handle.

It was hard to say what the outcome of the battle would be, because no one knew what kind of tricks this land shark, who had invented its own grade four sonic spell and was full of surprises, might have.

Chen Chao frowned. He felt that this land shark's background definitely wasn't simple.

Throughout the whole thing, Wang Ling watched silently from beginning to end. When he saw the land shark's self-invented sonic spell, his face remained unruffled.

Guo Hao nudged Wang Ling with his elbow. "Wang Ling, do you think Er Ha can win?"

Wang Ling also didn't say anything extra and just gave a simple "Mm" before he then actually took "Three Five" out of his desk and starting brushing up on the topics inside...

For Wang Ling, there had actually been nothing suspenseful about this competition since the beginning.

But at that moment, things changed again in the arena.

The goldenback gorilla who had been ignored all this time felt its hair stand on end when Aluminum Small Fish suddenly stared at it.

Jinbei wanted to cry in its heart but had no tears to shed. After a bitter fight with no outcome against that green-furred dog... was the land shark planning on getting rid of it first?

However, to everyone's surprise, Aluminum Small Fish unexpectedly went over to Jinbei and tilted its head to look at it. "Your name is Jinbei, right?"

The goldenback gorilla didn't dare move inside the Golden Bell Shield and only nodded silently.

Aluminum Small Fish wore a little smirk. Because a land shark's mouth was quite big to begin with, when the corners of its mouth drew back, this smirk looked even more malevolent, which gave the goldenback gorilla goosebumps.

Jinbei looked at Aluminum Small Fish and let out a doubtful "ooh." This was the language of spirit beasts, and it meant: What do you want to do?

Aluminum Small Fish said something surprising. "How about cooperating together? Let's take down that green-furred dog first!"

The goldenback gorilla's eyes lit up. It never expected this hot-tempered land shark to put forward this kind of plan, and it was in fact a win-win proposal for it! Initially it could only get third place, but if they could take down this green-furred dog, it would be very happy to get second place!

This was also an unexpected scene to everyone else. No one could have expected this hot-tempered land shark to actually take the initiative to seek to work together.

"..."

Xia Fei sweated as he was completely ignored! Were contract spirit beasts nowadays all fond of acting on their own as long as their masters weren't around?!

Wei Zhi wasn't nervous and just chuckled. "Brother Dog, it seems that this little fish really wants you dead!"

Er Ha wasn't afraid at all, and instead was very excited. "No rush, let's see what it's going to do first."

"What should I do?" The goldenback gorilla gestured at Aluminum Small Fish, still speaking the language of spirit beasts.

"Lend me your Golden Bell Shield," Aluminum Small Fish said.

The goldenback gorilla obediently handed it over without any idea at all what Aluminum Small Fish wanted to do.

After taking the Golden Bell Shield magic treasure, Aluminum Small Fish in the next second started to suck in air again — clearly it was going to use Floating Waves Sound Belch again.

But why had Aluminum Small Fish borrowed the goldenback gorilla's Golden Bell Shield?

Everyone watching was puzzled no matter how they thought about it.

However, in the next moment, Aluminum Small Fish's iron tail swung down ruthlessly on the top of the Golden Bell Shield and directly sent the top flying!

Seeing its magic treasure damaged, Jinbei wanted to cry but had no tears to shed. "You..."

"Brother Dog, watch out!"

At this point, Wei Zhi suddenly guessed what Aluminum Small Fish was planning to do!

Er Ha: "???"

Right after Wei Zhi said this, sure enough, Aluminum Small Fish had the goldenback gorilla prop the Golden Bell Shield, with its top gone, on the shoulder to make a simple magic loudspeaker.

Wei Zhi: "This is Floating Waves Sound Belch's ultimate form... Big Horn!"

Er Ha: "..."





Chapter 573 Bone King's Unconventional Transformation


This enhanced sonic spell caused Er Ha to frown a little. Er Ha was actually already fully aware of how powerful this spell was. When the goldenback gorilla had lifted the Golden Bell Shield with its broken top, Er Ha had already understood the land shark's true intention.

It knew that Aluminum Small Fish wanted to send it flying with the ultimate version of this sonic spell, and Er Ha guessed that this "Big Horn" was ten times more powerful than the regular version of Floating Waves Sound Belch earlier.

The sonic spell that the land shark had used before was just a wide-ranging group attack. However, by using the goldenback gorilla's "Golden Bell Shield" as a megaphone, the waves of spirit power which would be sent out in all directions could be gathered together for a brief moment, increasing its original strength several times over or even by more than ten times to form a single powerful strike.

A spirit beast like the land shark was originally a proud species and extremely competitive, but this land shark felt entirely different to Er Ha. Furthermore, Er Ha was completely focused on this Big Horn attack and didn't take it lightly.

It was a rare combat opportunity and Er Ha was enjoying it.

On one side, Wei Zhi also took out his own magic treasure for protection. It was a folding fan which was a very powerful defense magic treasure. Wei Zhi just lightly waved the fan once and it turned into a strong barrier in front of him.

This was what he used to withstand attacks in a battle of spirit beasts.

Aluminum Small Fish's sonic attack had yet to be launched for real, but based on his experience earlier, Wei Zhi still felt a build-up of pressure.

This was too excessive!

Wei Zhi never expected a land shark to be able to exhibit such oppressive force.

Thanks to its special physique, just eating snacks could stimulate Aluminum Small Fish to exhibit strength that was completely inconsistent with its class!

In the next moment, due to the power of the ultimate version of Floating Waves Sound Belch, "Big Horn," the originally invisible sound waves unexpectedly turned into visible ripples that everyone could clearly and distinctly see!

It was actually that powerful!

Many people were shocked in their hearts. The ability to transform invisible sound waves into tangible power was enough to prove the spellcaster's formidable strength! This sort of power wasn't something that could be ordinarily generated at all!

With the unusual power of "Big Horn," the land shark was at maximum strength. The Golden Bell Shield had transformed this initially wide-ranging sonic attack into a single destructive strike! The brunt of the waves was concentrated on Er Ha. The goldenback gorilla Jinbei, who was standing next to the land shark, would only be affected minutely in the aftermath.

Everyone watching this battle was stunned by this force. Big Horn's power was like a cannon about to shoot out a nuclear warhead, as if it was going to annihilate everything in front of it like a hyper beam!

The entire arena was close to being sent flying by Aluminum Small Fish's sound waves. Rubble started rising up, just like countless stars floating in space. This "Big Horn's" offensive strike could be completely described as devastating, as if everything would be annihilated and turned into flying ash in the blink of an eye while a violent wind whistled endlessly with the incredible strength of ten million horses, putting Er Ha through a tremendous test.

Aluminum Small Fish seemed very confident in this attack, which was a major finishing move that it rarely used.

But the green-furred dog's valiance surprised it yet again.

After a powerful sonic attack, it actually hadn't moved a whit!

Aluminum Small Fish grit its teeth: was the dog looking down on it? Or was it because its attack wasn't the least bit of use?

The land shark Aluminum Small Fish couldn't believe the scene in front of its eyes.

Exactly what kind of character was this green-furred dog?

While Aluminum Small Fish was feeling it was utterly unimaginable, it noticed that the green-furred dog's emerald green dog beating staff had actually changed slightly! — This proved that its attack just now had indeed had an effect. Unfortunately, however, the land shark realized that this emerald green bone staff of unknown origin had become even more solid in the face of its ultimate version of the sonic spell.

This was then followed by an even more astonishing scene: Er Ha unexpectedly broke the entire Bone King into two parts along a crack that had been caused by the bombardment of sound waves.

Doing this didn't change the Bone King's power too much, but Wei Zhi was delighted.

Wei Zhi: "Brother Dog!"

Er Ha: "Hm?"

Wei Zhi: "Just nice, since your bone staff has split into two parts, hurry up and think how to transform them!"

Er Ha thought carefully. It actually had no idea whether the Bone King would be more powerful after being split in half.

But curiosity drove Er Ha to make its final decision.

It listened to Wei Zhi's urging and began to imagine what it wanted this split Bone King to turn into...

Several dozen seconds later, Wei Zhi suddenly lit up. "Brother Dog!"

Er Ha: "???"

Wei Zhi: "Hurry up and use nunchucks, huh huh ha hey1!"

1(From the song "Nunchucks" by Jay Chou ..) Er Ha: "..."

...

Meanwhile, elsewhere, Night Chief was still conducting its investigation.

As President of Night Chief, Night Ghost Spirit Emperor felt unprecedentedly humiliated! He was leader of this grand top foreign power, but his arm had actually been taken off by some inexplicable "magic treasure"! Not only that, even his capable subordinate Edmark had been "assassinated"! — This was undoubtedly a naked provocation!

His broken arm still hadn't recovered as the "major damage" effect was much more powerful than he had imagined; not only was it suppressing his ability to regenerate, it was also causing Night Ghost Spirit Emperor pain he had never felt before in his broken arm. The wound caused by this "unknown object" smashing into his arm felt like ants were gnawing away constantly on the injury.

"Any results?!" Night Ghost Spirit Emperor asked the subordinate next to him.

"Reporting, Lord Spirit Emperor! We're still investigating..." the subordinate replied.

"Trash!"

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor was extremely furious. "What have you found out so far?"

His subordinate replied with some trepidation, "Extrapolating from the trail of the magic treasure, we've tentatively locked onto Songhai city for the time being... Basically, we're certain that this wasn't done by a Venerated Immortal; this was likely a deliberate and carefully thought out move."

"Keep investigating!" Night Ghost Spirit Emperor said. "We've never experienced such shame and humiliation since my Night Chief was founded! When we find the target, I'm going to get my full revenge!"





Chapter 574 The Basic Dog Skills Are Invincible


The battle was still ongoing. Although the Bone King had been cracked by "Big Horn," it wasn't truly damaged; instead, this also had to do with its attribute of versatility. To be frank, it was just like plasticine, as the Bone King had the ability to mold itself into the shape of any weapon Er Ha wanted with a thought.

If you poked a hole in plasticine, you just needed to mold it back into shape.

Therefore, when Er Ha saw the fresh cracks in the Bone King slowly restore itself, it felt that this attribute was simply heaven-defying and equivalent to built-in self-regeneration! — Little Master Ling never has to worry that my magic weapon will be destroyed1!

1(An adaptation of the TV commercial tagline for the BBK electronic reading device "Then mother never has to worry about my studies.") On the other side, after working together to deliver the enhanced "Big Horn" Floating Waves Sound Belch, the goldenback gorilla and the land shark Aluminum Small Fish appeared tired. The force of "Big Horn's" attack was very strong and so was the backlash! The goldenback gorilla had almost been directly blown out of the arena by the force of the recoil just now, so in addition to casting the spell, Aluminum Small Fish also had had to spare some strength to press the goldenback gorilla down and keep the "cannon base" steady.

Yet even with such a violent expenditure of power, the dog hadn't been blown out of the ring... Jinbei and Aluminum Small Fish were simultaneously stunned — was this dog a "stubborn nail"?

Aluminum Small Fish had initially calculated that this dog was difficult to deal with in close combat, which was why it had planned to use a long-range attack to try and take down its opponent. However, it never expected its attacks to fail one after another...

Jinbei put down its broken Golden Bell Shield. Its expression was a little unsightly. Its magic weapon was damaged! But even that hadn't blown the dog out of the ring...

What on earth was this dog's origin?

Aluminum Small Fish frowned as it racked its brain for countermeasures. It cast a very contemptuous glance at the pet trainer behind it, who was of no damn use at all. Clearly, the green-furred dog was far more doughty than the pet trainer could have imagined; it made no sense at all for a mongrel akita to have this type of strength.

"Now what?" The goldenback gorilla's shoulder was aching from the blast just now. After putting down the Golden Bell Shield, there was a deep mark on its shoulder. It found that it already couldn't lift its shoulder; that powerful recoil just now had actually dislocated it.

A particular saying put it well: you're not afraid of your god-like opponent, but of2...

2(The full saying is "not afraid of your god-like opponent, but of your pig-like teammate" and refers to how the latter can drag down a team.) Forget it! Aluminum Small Fish grit its teeth. It actually already felt ashamed enough at taking the initiative to team up! But the problem was that in the current 2v1 situation, they actually still had no way to deal with this green-furred dog, which made Aluminum Small Fish feel humiliated and ashamed.

Xia Fei couldn't continue watching this scene anymore. Jinbei and Aluminum Small Fish had consumed too much spirit energy. They should have listened more to their pet trainers' suggestions in the beginning and launched some preliminary attacks first! Xia Fei wanted to open his mouth, but when he saw Aluminum Small Fish grit its teeth, he dared not speak.

He could imagine that even if he gave a well-meaning warning now, the land shark would roll its eyes and say "don't give me orders" or something like that.

"Brother Dog! Go! While they're weak! Take them down! Use the power of the Bone King!"

Wei Zhi knew that both the goldenback gorilla and the land shark had consumed a large amount of spirit energy, so this was a good time to attack.

Compared with Jinbei and Aluminum Small Fish on the other side, Er Ha coordinated very well with Wei Zhi and their rapport was amazing. This was clearly only a replacement pet trainer for the battle, but he worked surprisingly well with the dog as if he was its real owner!

Er Ha was willing to cooperate with Wei Zhi because for one thing, it wanted to give Wei Zhi face, and for another, it was actually to conceal its own strength. If it won by following Wei Zhi's directives, with Wei Zhi's SSR-level qualification, most people would certainly give him the credit.

Er Ha was participating in this battle of spirit beasts to test its level in actual combat, not to show off.

However, Er Ha did have to admit that Wei Zhi did have an extraordinary affinity for directing battles; this probably had to do with his charisma, which was very important for an SSR-level pet trainer. Er Ha knew that the yellow-skinned mouse which Wei Zhi had had before was the spirit beast that had been with him the longest and they had been almost inseparable.

In fact, that yellow-skinned mouse had had very serious mental trauma back then, and it was Wei Zhi who had opened its heart little by little... Also, it was from that point on that Wei Zhi started to cultivate a physique that wasn't afraid of electric shocks.

Wei Zhi now called this "generating electricity with love3"...

3(用爱发电 is a slogan used in anti-nuclear energy protests in Taiwan that became incorporated into DPP's election promise to phase out the use of nuclear energy on the island.) At Wei Zhi's command, Er Ha moved instantly. The Bone King in its hand was already completely restored, and Er Ha used it to do a pole vault. Lifting its paws, it demonstrated the first and second forms of the Basic Dog Skills as dense spirit energy poured into its dog paws.

Thrusting the Bone King into the ground to do a pole vault might look meaningless, but it wasn't. Using the strength in its forelegs from the pole vault in tandem with the powerful jumping explosive force in its hind legs, Er Ha jumped to an unprecedented height in the sky in an instant.

This series of movements were done in one go. Faint green spirit light encircled Er Ha's dog paws and numerous shadow fists rained down from the sky with explosive sounds!

Er Ha's power was so great that the acceleration of its descent from the sky gave it a whole new level of speed, like a whole sky of meteors falling to earth. This was far beyond anything that the land shark or the bulky goldenback gorilla could do.

The Basic Dog Skills actually weren't flashy in themselves, but when it was combined with the enhanced height from using the Bone King in a pole vault, the falling shadow fists, as many as the eye could see, suddenly gave people the sense of a blockbuster movie.

The moment Er Ha landed, it felt not only a sense of relief but also of enlightenment.

Even if this was an ordinary spirit technique that wasn't flashy, combining it slightly with extra movements could also work wonders.

"Stupid monkey! Let's join hands and block it with all our strength!" Aluminum Small Fish clenched its teeth!

"Mm." The goldenback gorilla made a sound of agreement and crossed its thick and solid arms in front of it as it dropped into a defensive pose, but it suddenly felt something pushing it — the land shark actually was pushing it to the front to act as a shield!

Jinbei: "???"

Aluminum Small Fish: "What are you looking at! Have you never seen a beautiful fish? You block, I'll pass power to you from behind!"

"..."

Jinbei knew it had been tricked!

What damn "pass power"!

They weren't playing bor-bor zan4...

4(A game comprised of clapping and making hand movements ..) Er Ha didn't hold anything back in its attack this time!

After training with Sheep and Jingke, the speed of Er Ha's punches for the first and second forms of the Basic Dog Skills alone had reached at least two hundred punches per second!

The shadow fists were like green meteor streaks that hit the ground.

The goldenback gorilla was despondent when it saw this scene as it recalled a song that it liked very much:

You're like fireworks...

So beautiful...

Softly streaking across the clear horizon...

In the moment that the goldenback gorilla and Aluminum Small Fish were sent flying by the fierce shadow fists, the goldenback gorilla was actually very calm in its heart.

You could only sense the difference in strength after direct contact with the attack.

When Aluminum Small Fish felt the impact of the attack, it was already swearing in its heart: Motherfucker! This dog is actually so strong!

It realized that the green-furred dog hadn't been serious at all when they had fought earlier! — This guy had just been playing around!





Chapter 575 To Catch Wei Zhi's Eye Definitely Isn't Simple


This was simply ridiculous!

Er Ha's series of Dog Skills dazzled the eye and it won the competition against all expectations.

The commentator declared, "Aluminum Small Fish and Jinbei have lost the ability to fight... Player Er Ha wins..."

Everyone was dumbfounded. They had originally thought that the participants would be evenly matched in this round, and completely hadn't expected it to be a crushing defeat!

At that moment, plenty of people fixed their eyes on Wei Zhi as they suddenly felt that this less well-known "SSR-level" pet trainer was quite something! He gave quite a few instructions during the fight and worked very well with the green-furred dog. Furthermore, he was pretty astute in analyzing and guessing what the enemy's intentions were.

But why didn't they have any impression of such an awesome person?

Even the commentator was puzzled...

Later, the commentator scrolled through information on national pet trainers as he looked for Wei Zhi's face. There weren't a lot of SSR-level pet trainers, so there had to be a record of him on the Pet Trainers Guild's official website. Then the commentator saw a group photo with Wei Zhi and a yellow-skinned mouse in it. When he saw the yellow-skinned mouse, he patted his face as realization dawned on him! — It was him! The "runner-up for ten thousand years 1 "!

1(Refers to someone who places second all the time.) But today, it seemed he had gotten first at long last.

The point was, this wasn't a huge competition!

In the lobby of the spirit beast assessment center, a white-haired, grizzled old man in a suit stared at the TV broadcast.

"What do you think, Lord President?" a young man whispered.

"Not bad, it's talent we can build on.

"It just so happens that we don't have enough members in the spirit beast class," said the old man.

"How about we send someone to talk to it directly?"

"That would be inappropriate now." The old man shook his head. "There was a group pretending to be us before which said that our Society of Saints forcibly recruits students, and it created a huge mess. Better to wait and find out first who this player Er Ha's real owner is; I intend to sign it on."

"So soon?" The young man was taken aback.

While not a lot of spirit beasts had been recruited for the spirit class at the Society of Saints, they had been very carefully selected after multiple assessments.

That was because all contract spirit beasts who entered the class would undergo systematic training and in addition, could enjoy the resources directly provided by the state. They would be able to enjoy unprecedented treatment in the shortest amount of time, and it wouldn't just accelerate their cultivation speed; most crucially, there was a merit-based system.

This merit system didn't apply just to the spirit beast class but also to the whole of the Society of Saints. You could earn merit points by performing tasks assigned by the Society of Saints and exchange them for a corresponding cadre position! Hence, in theory, even a spirit beast could become something like the head of a district or even a mayor if they had enough merit points.

In the various classes at the Society of Saints, if your merit points enabled you to reach the level of a class monitor, you would be on par with a city mayor.

"There's no hurry to sign it on yet. This time we need to do enough homework and show our sincerity. We can draw up the contract first," the old man said unhurriedly in a telepathic voice. Whatever he was going to say next was confidential.

The young man nodded. "Very well, my Lord. I drew up the previous agreements for the members of the spirit beast class, I can get it done very quickly."

The old man: "No, not an agreement for members."

The young man: "???"

The old man: "I'm thinking of directly signing it on as a class monitor."

The young man drew in a sharp breath. "Class... class monitor?"

The old man said telepathically, "Mm, so we must form good relations with this dog's owner. The contract can be a barter agreement or in the form of shares. We have a lot of funds. This dog's owner is most likely just a regular Foundation Establishment student at Number 60 High School and definitely won't be able to resist this temptation. And it's not just money; we can also directly offer this dog's owner resources like transferring him to a key city high school or giving him a university recommendation."

This young assistant was immediately shocked. "Do you think this is worth it, Lord President? The dog is certainly very strong, but we haven't assessed it yet!"

"You don't know anything."

The old man shook his head and smiled. "Do you see the pet trainer directing the dog today? Do you know who he is?"

The young assistant looked at the screen and felt that the pet trainer was a little familiar, but had no impression of him.

The old man said, "This man has an unusual history. He became an SSR-level pet trainer at a young age. Many people perhaps have no idea who he is, but I have a very deep impression of him... Back then, when our Society of Saints was recruiting a core cadre, I once went to negotiate with this person personally. I offered him generous conditions that even a Soul Formation cultivator wouldn't be able to refuse... but even then I couldn't move him. But later, I realized that it was in fact a good thing that this person didn't come to our Society of Saints."

The young assistant: "What do you mean, Lord President?"

The old man: "Because this person is very astute in discerning spirit beasts. Any spirit beast which catches his eye definitely isn't a simple one. Of the five spirit beasts we've recruited so far, three of them were actually signed after I stalked him."

The young assistant: "..."

"As long as it's a spirit beast that this Mr Wei Zhi has taken a fancy to, it won't just have remarkable aptitude, strong talent and upright three views; its heart is certain to be full of righteousness, which is in line with our core cultivation values."

The old man tsked. "The point is, don't you think this dog is very pleasing to the eye?"

The young assistant was stupefied and fell silent. He didn't speak for a long time. To be honest, he thought it was a little arbitrary to sign this dog on as a class monitor based on this alone...

"I know you're not convinced right now. But there are times you have to believe in the bizarre..." The president said, "Previously, I had my eye on the spirit dog of a university student... It was an attractive and very strong spirit dog."

The young assistant cocked an eyebrow; he had heard of it. "Is Lord President referring to that spirit dog which belongs to that postgraduate student Zhao Yuxin at Xiamen Cultivation University... it's called Jiejieliang?"

"Right! That's it!"

The old man nodded. "This is a really amazing dog which belongs to the ninja dog class of spirit beasts. It has a strong copy ability, and can imitate the fighting style of other spirit beasts, and was given the nickname Copy Dog."

The young assistant nodded, but he was still a little puzzled. "Then why wasn't it signed?"

The old man said, "I deliberately sent someone to look for that student, and then privately arranged for someone to have Mr Wei Zhi meet the dog face to face. In the end, I noticed that Mr Wei Zhi's face was unexpectedly disdainful. Later, I sent someone to carefully investigate both the dog's and its owner's backgrounds..."

The young assistant: "And then?"

The old man: "I unexpectedly discovered that this university student had actually faked his academic thesis; not only that, his female dog didn't have upright three views and had made numerous insulting remarks about ourcountry 2 . Afterwards, I didn't sign it on, and I made a report in passing."

2(The dog's name Jiejieliang is a reference to Weibo user Jiejiliang who left a comment on a photo of trash left behind after an event in which she disparaged Chinese people for their backward behavior ..) The young assistant sighed. "This person should have already been expelled, right?"

The old man shook his head and said, "He was just given a warning and is still at the university."

The young assistant: "..."





Chapter 576 Father Wang's Romance


While the president of the Society of Saints was scoffing at this incident, the young assistant checked the news on his phone in passing. While this matter had actually already been exposed online, it seemed that it had been suppressed. Although every major media outlet had reprinted the news in turn, this owner with the fake academic thesis whose spirit dog had dissed the country on an online platform wasn't expelled and instead was only let off with a warning.

What was interesting was that the young assistant found another piece of news about thirty-six high school students who hadn't gone to bed on time and were summarily persuaded by the school to leave 1 ... in the end, after the parents pleaded for leniency, they were also let off with a warning. While these incidents differed in severity, the same level of punishment was meted out.

1(This is in fact a real case that happened at a Yuzhou high school in Henan ..) The young assistant felt that put together, there were a lot of links between the two incidents.

It was useless to blame the spirit dog at this time. There was a previous saying that a spirit sword was like its master, meaning that once the rapport between a spirit sword and its master reached a certain level, a sword spirit would be produced, and its character would usually resemble its master's.

This in fact wasn't limited to spirit swords; it also applied to weapon spirits of magic treasures and to spirit beasts. Dog-type spirit beasts were loyal to their owners; in most cases, an owner's three views and the environment they grew up in would subtly influence their contract spirit beast.

But even with this matter exposed online, the culprit had only been left off with a warning.

The young assistant sighed and spoke telepathically to the old man. "That dog's owner isn't that simple."

"There's definitely a connection. When I passed on the information, someone immediately contacted me to warn me not to get involved, and this person is at a higher level than me." The old man smiled.

The young assistant nodded his head. "It's only because you, Lord President, haven't made known your identity as the newly-appointed president, otherwise getting rid of this type of degenerate wouldn't be difficult at all."

"That's right." The old man nodded. "But we have to wait for the head of state to make a public announcement. Also, the Society of Saints needs to convene with the six main members of the spirit beast class while the announcement has yet to be released. Together, we'll assert that the Society of Saints currently doesn't have a president and instead is directly under Huaxiu jurisdiction and Secretary Dakang will take the lead. When the time comes, we won't need to especially make a report in order to purge society of this type of scum - a single word to suppress them will be enough."

The president of the Society of Saints was a position that was on par with the Ten Generals.

"This person has already insulted his nation. Even if he has a backer, he can't run wild for much longer. Even if I don't handle it personally, there'll definitely be someone who won't be able to resist dealing with him." After receiving a warning from his "superior" previously, the old man had secretly created a side account to leave a comment on writer Wang Situ's Weibo page.

Everyone in the cultivation circle knew that this writer's fan group was immensely powerful; the battle for monthly votes a few days before had shaken practically half of Huaxiu's cultivation circle.

The old man smiled slightly and gazed at the young assistant in front of him. "For now, I need you, Little Han, to keep an eye on things. My gut tells me that this green-furred dog is very special. When I tailed Mr Wei Zhi in the past, I'd never seen him look so delighted with a spirit beast before."

This young man named Han Jin nodded. "Of course, President Fu. Since you've decided, I'll do do my best to arrange it."

"Mm," said President Fu of the Society of Saints. "Once you find out where this person lives, you must personally drop by with gifts; explain the reason for your visit and be as demure and gentle as much as possible. You don't have to rush it if you can't reach an agreement all at once. Also, after you've put a list of gifts together, let me have a look at it; we must be sure to show our sincerity and respect."

"Very well, president." Han Jin asked, "How about I prepare a huge snacks gift pack? Foundation Establishment students nowadays seem to like eating snacks like latiao , crispy noodle snacks and whatnot."

"Aren't the elixirs we provide more superior? Something like snacks... are really too 'low.' If we directly give him a super spirit elixir, wouldn't that be more tempting?" the old man chuckled.

This super spirit elixir was the resource which the government personally allocated to the top scorer for each subject after Foundation Establishment students entered a Golden Core university!

There was no way an ordinary person would be able to resist such temptation...

Er Ha had seized an overwhelming victory in the battle of spirit beasts, and Number 60 High School had performed very well in the other events in the district sports meet this time. They had even smashed the records for some of the events that had previously been held by the key high schools, Reliance High School and Jinyuan High School.

Wang Ling was preparing to leave after school when he noticed a group of people crowding around Guo Hao to look at the competition results for the sports meet. Number 60 High School's strength put it in second place overall, which already completely met the standard for a key city high school!

"We're really lucky this time. It was like everyone had been injected with chicken blood and outdid themselves." Chen Chao was also astonished by the competition results.

"Like I said, Wang Ling is our mascot!" Chen Chao clicked his tongue.

Wang Ling had been about to leave when Chen Chao said something which baffled him. "???"

Chen Chao: "Did all of you notice, the records were broken for all the events which Wang Ling took part in! As if he was pulling the strings behind the scenes... the facts show that he really is our mascot!"

Wang Ling: "..."

...

Because of the battle of spirit beasts which the students had watched in the afternoon, lessons after that were canceled, so the students were dismissed especially early today. When Wang Ling arrived home, Er Ha texted him to say that Wei Zhi had invited it to stay for dinner. Mother Wang had also taken the old man out, reportedly not to get groceries but to inquire with a travel agency about travel itineraries and tickets - apparently the old man suddenly wanted to go on a holiday.

However, Wang Ling thought this was a little strange, because old man and the head of Kitchen Knife Sect, who was Regular Class Two's Jiang Bai's dad, had yet to finish their cooking showdown. The old man had been preparing for it for a long time, so there was no way he would give up on this notion to go on holiday.

In addition, Father Wang wasn't typing today nor was he puffing on a cigar dispiritedly on the sofa. Instead, he was in the basement searching for something. The last time he had rummaged around in the basement, he had found that pile of love letters which Grandfather Wang had written to his first love, Teacher Pan.

Wang Ling recalled today's date.

It was July 20th, the thirteenth Thursday of the semester.

Was today's date important?

"Ling Ling, you're home? Come here for a bit..."

Father Wang yelled suddenly from the basement.

Wang Ling teleported to Father Wang's side and saw him take an old trunk out of storage. He then took out a case the size of a shoebox from the trunk, and then yet again took out a small black box from the case. Finally, he took out a slip of paper from the small black box.

He looked at Wang Ling. "I had your grandpa take your mom out just now."

Wang Ling: "Mm..." He had already guessed.

Father Wang: "Today isn't our wedding anniversary, but the day I met your mother for the first time. This is a song I wrote, it's called 'The Starry Sky's Language of Love.' It's just missing the melody... Lingzi, can you help me?"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 577 The Starry Sky's Language of Love


Father Wang had written these lyrics after meeting Mother Wang for the first time. Wang Ling actually didn't know much about their relationship history, but this husband and wife had always had a good relationship. It was in fact very common for a couple to experience some bumps in the road, but Wang Ling felt that the number of times Father Wang and Mother Wang fought could be counted on one hand.

He had wondered earlier if it was their wedding anniversary today, but the date wasn't right. It was only listening to Father Wang now that Wang Ling was enlightened.

Father Wang even remembered the first day they met.

It looked like it had been love at first sight!

"The Starry Sky's Language of Love" lyrics:

Travelling alone in this world

Doesn't it seem a little lonely

Gazing at the Big Dipper at night in a cool breeze

How I wish for the best, which is you with me

...

The night sky holds our memories

I remember decoding the language of the stars with you

We enjoyed discovering their mysteries

Their riddles

Putting aside everything until they became hazy

...

When I was young, I looked at the many meteors on the horizon

I always wondered who would be with me

I traverse the forest and mountains to the rocky cliffs with you

The stars in the sky shone down on our hometown in the blowing wind

...

We only understood after many years had passed why the starry sky was like colored glaze

It's because we are together

I want to compose love with the language of the stars with you

Holding our breaths and roaming the galaxy

...

Looking at what Father Wang had written, Wang Ling was amazed by the style. After all, Father Wang was a writer who had specialized professional skills, while writing songs required artistic talent. However, with his Heavenly Ear Ability, Wang Ling could link to other world lines. Last time, he had helped Tang Youning, whom he had met at Midnight Dining Hall, retrieve a song called "Old Boys." However, working in the arts still required luck and talent in many situations. Tang Youning had relied on the song's popularity for a time but then people had grown tired of it.

Wang Ling had heard the boss of Midnight Dining Hall, Boss Tan, say before that since hitting the big time, Tang Youning had never come back to Midnight Dining Hall.

So sometimes people really shouldn't forget their origins.

When Tang Youning couldn't afford meals, Boss Tan had helped him a lot by giving him meals and even providing a space for him to perform. But when all was said and done, human nature was still too hard to figure out. There were a lot of good people in the world, but there would always be a few who would be ungrateful.

Looking at Father Wang's lyrics, Wang Ling fell into deep thought.

It would of course be very easy for him to grab a song from another world, but the issue was that these were lyrics which Father Wang had written himself, so it was an original song. Wang Ling would need to search other worlds for a suitable melody, which was much more complicated than when he had directly plagiarized a song for Tang Youning.

"If you can finish the melody for me today, that'll be good." Father Wang twisted his hands together with a pleading expression. "I want to find an opportunity later to hum it to your mother. A simple and catchy tune is fine... there's no need to rush the arrangement, as long as you finish it before our wedding anniversary!"

Wang Ling furrowed his brow; he was in fact willing to help, but he still hadn't finished his homework...

Father Wang knew Wang Ling's personality too well; apart from crispy noodle snacks, the number one thing for this guy was his homework. He would without a doubt help Father Wang, but it was a matter of priority, and Father Wang was hoping that Wang Ling would be able to come up with a tune as soon as possible; the quicker the better.

After some thought, he finally decided to pay the price.

Wang Ling turned his nose up at normal crispy noodle snacks because he had all kinds of annual cards and gold cards to go sample the latest crispy noodle snack flavors every week. What was more, that crispy noodle snacks flagship store on Spirit Stream Road would send him a large gift pack every festival season. Father Wang had thus spent a huge sum of money early on to custom make several special crispy noodle snacks to suit Wang Ling's taste.

Father Wang whispered what the flavors were to Wang Ling, who immediately opened his eyes wide! These were flavors he absolutely couldn't resist!

After confirming what the flavors were, Father Wang raised three fingers. "Three packets!"

Wang Ling frowned. Although three packets was a tempting amount, it wasn't enough for him to enjoy them.

Father Wang took a deep breath. "Five packets?"

Wang Ling stared straight at Father Wang but still didn't agree...

Father Wang grit his teeth. "Eight packets." That was already all he had on hand!

Deal!

Wang Ling nodded his head.

Father Wang breathed a deep sigh of relief. Each specialized crispy noodle snack was equivalent to three days' worth of earnings! It looked like he would need to custom make more after this...

If he still needed Wang Ling's help in the future, he would have to prepare at least ten packets...

Composing the melody for Father Wang actually wasn't that complicated; the main thing was that it was troublesome. Looking for the right melody from various world lines for the lyrics took up more time than doing homework.

Father Wang's lyrics had the fresh and clean feel of a bubblegum pop song, but which one? It had to be one that was light and easy with an especially catchy beat. The main thing about this kind of song was that it spread very easily and anyone could hum it, but it was just no good to perform it in a singing competition as it wouldn't reflect the singer's abilities at all.

But many of the commercially hot songs now were bubblegum pop, like "PureGirl 1 " and "Yes, I Do 2 ."

1(Literally "Girl of the Buddha" by Feng Time.)

2(By singer Vae..) He pricked up his ears and searched countless world lines by using the Heavenly Ear Ability like an electronic signal receiver.

Finally, he managed to find a song by a singer called Old Is An Old Person with a melody that fit Father Wang's "The Starry Sky's Language of Love" just nicely!

Number 60 High School had music lessons, and Wang Ling himself could play the guitar. He thus promptly wrote the musical score as he set the lyrics to this melody before sending it to Lord Thunder.

Lord Thunder had sung a major reinvention of the song "Take You On A Journey" before and Wang Ling had thought back then that he had a talent for singing.

Lord Thunder was blank when he saw the musical score and the lyrics which Wang Ling had sent him, and he promptly sent a message back. "Brother Ling, who wrote these lyrics?"

Wang Ling typed a reply. "Your Senior Wang."

Lord Thunder replied in almost the same instant. "Holy shit! Simply a work of genius! Senior Wang's song, this melody! It can shock the heavens and make ghosts and gods cry! When I listened to it, my scalp turned numb, my thighs trembled restlessly and goosebumps erupted all over my body. I also want to fall in love now!"

Wang Ling: "..." Can you be any more obvious in your boot-licking...

But it had to be said that this melody was indeed pretty good; it was catchy at least and very lighthearted.

"When do you need this song?" asked Lord Thunder.

Wang Ling's answer was short and simple. "Right now."

Lord Thunder: "Okay! I'll sing it right now!"

Roughly five minutes later, Wang Ling sent the music file to Father Wang.

Father Wang was blank when he heard Lord Thunder's voice and he promptly turned to Wang Ling. "Is this Little Lei singing?"

Wang Ling nodded his head.

Father Wang was stunned. "Holy shit! He sings so well! This voice! This skill! It can shock the heavens and make ghosts and gods cry! Listening to it is making my scalp turn numb..."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 578 Wei Zhi Is Dangerous


Lord Thunder finished singing the entire song "The Starry Sky's Language of Love." He played the piano as he sang for the audio recording. His voice was clear and attractive. Dazed when he heard it, Xiao Yin couldn't help coming over to watch. Although he had thought Lord Thunder was pretty good when he had heard him sing before, Xiao Yin never expected him to be this good.

This voice was really sweet! This person was already thousands of years old, but his voice still sounded like that of a eighteen-year-old young man who had just fallen in love.

There was plenty of minor spells and elixirs in the cultivation world for embellishing one's voice, but the results were like Nanhan nation's plastic surgery - they were all the same. In the entertainment circle nowadays, the more popular singers were those that still relied solely on their voices to hit it big.

Each person's voice was different and you needed something special in order to become popular.

"Thunder, Thunder, you sing so well!" Xiao Yin leaned against the wall with his arms folded as he happily listened to the song.

Lord Thunder closed the piano lid and let out a sigh. "I actually thought about debuting as a singer before, but in the end I gave up."

Xiao Yin didn't understand. "Why?"

Lord Thunder took a deep breath. "Because I'm too good! I should leave some opportunities for the youngsters."

Xiao Yin: "..."

Lord Thunder: "If I debut, Fang Jielun, Zhou Wenshan, they would be nothing1..."

1(Mixing up the names of singer Zhou Jielun and lyricist Fang Wenshan, who have worked together before.) Xiao Yin: "Did you write this song?"

Lord Thunder shook his head. "It was Senior Wang who wrote the lyrics for his wife. Brother Ling composed the melody and I sang the demo."

"So it was Master's master who wrote it!"

Xiao Yin's eyes shone; he recalled the melody and he suddenly looked envious. "So romantic, it reminds me of a poem! I've been studying Huaxiu's ancient culture recently, and it's truly deep and profound!"

Lord Thunder raised an eyebrow. "Let's hear it."

Xiao Yin blurted out, "A hundred years of cultivation bring two to ride in the same boat..."

Hearing this, Lord Thunder was about to praise Xiao Yin for his progress in learning about modern human civilization.

In the end, Xiao Yin's next words were: "A thousand years of cultivation bring Atom2."

2(Continuing from above, the second part of this saying should be "A thousand years of cultivation bring two to sleep on the same pillow," which refers to the Chinese concept of fateful or destined meetings. Here it refers to the beloved protagonist of the popular anime series Astro Boy..) Lord Thunder: "..."

...

That night, Er Ha had dinner at Wei Zhi's place. When it followed Wei Zhi in, the security guards downstairs at the family apartment smiled and gazed at it warmly. This was a dog personally endorsed by the marshal and no one dared give it dirty looks. Actually, Wei Zhi thought Er Ha was especially amiable; it was just that the color of its fur looked strange at first, but the more you looked, the more pleasing it became to the eye.

As they passed by an apartment unit downstairs, Er Ha saw an old lady carrying a shopping basket. "Little Wei, you've brought your dog friend over to play again?"

"Yes, Auntie Zhao."

Wei Zhi greeted this old lady.

Looking up at this "Auntie Zhao," Er Ha was immediately on guard because it felt that this person was very strong. There was a particular air about her that Er Ha as a spirit beast could sense almost instantly and it felt that this old auntie's identity wasn't that simple.

But the other party didn't pay Er Ha too much mind and instead, she smiled broadly as if seeing an old friend.

Er Ha guessed that word had most likely gotten around the apartment that Marshal Jiang had given it "special privilege" at the entrance last time. In this type of family apartment, there would be a lot of old aunties and uncles who liked to discuss the daily gossip in their spare time.

Everyone in the family apartment knew Martial Jiang's "Battle Saint" identity. He was one of the Ten Founding Generals! Every word he said had weight!

Er Ha was silent; it didn't know if this was a good or bad thing. After being with Little Master Ling for a while, there were times when it also felt that it was good to stay low-key.

However, this Auntie Zhao smiled at it and then paused to rub the soft fur on its head in passing. "Your dog friend seems a bit nervous." Extremely clean and fresh spirit energy spread out from this Auntie Zhao's palm, which was an extremely cozy feeling.

Damn, it was so comfortable...

As expected, this old auntie wasn't simple.

Staring at this Auntie Zhao, Er Ha wanted to say something but didn't know how to bring it up.

"Don't worry, any friend of Little Zhi's, whether human or beast, is fine," said Auntie Zhao. "The people in our apartment watched him grow up. Old Jiang greeted you at the entrance the last time, and from now on you can come and go as you like here, so you don't have to be too nervous... we're the ones who should be nervous."

Wei Zhi: "What's going on, Auntie Zhao?"

Aunt Zhao: "You're so big already... it's been so many years, but have you ever brought a girlfriend to the apartment? We seriously thought..."

Wei Zhi: "Auntie, my taste is not that heavy."

Aunt Zhao: "That's good then."

Er Ha: "..."

"... Auntie Zhao, where are you going?" asked Wei Zhi.

"Mm, the neighborhood committee's Old Jiang called just now to say that a foreign force is invading our border and wants me to go over and handle it since he's tied up with something else." Auntie Zhao covered her mouth and laughed. "I'll be right back."

Wei Zhi nodded like he was used to it. "Okay, be careful, Auntie Zhao."

"Don't worry, this basket isn't for food. Do you know the flying guillotine? This is an upgraded version. When you throw it out, it'll directly behead people! To throw the enemy off, I improved its appearance," said Auntie Zhao.

"..."

Er Ha thought that this "Auntie Zhao" was talking about something very frightening with a serene face.

Because Auntie Zhao was in a hurry to deal with this important task, she didn't pull Wei Zhi into conversation for too long. This could already be considered going lenient on him. There were times when Wei Zhi was afraid of running into some overzealous old aunties and uncles, because once they caught him for a chat, he wouldn't be able to escape for at least half an hour.

After this, Auntie Zhao took her leave. Er Ha saw her walk to the main entrance and in a flash of light, she disappeared completely.

"Who is this auntie?" Er Ha was very curious about this mysterious old auntie.

"Auntie Zhao was Uncle Jiang's secretary back then and has always followed him. Her Daoist name is Holy Lotus Daoist," answered Wei Zhi.

Er Ha turned this name over in its mind but couldn't recall hearing it before; it was probably a pretty old Daoist name.

Also, ever since these old seniors had left their positions and retired, they no longer called each other by their Daoist names. Over time, some of these legendary Daoist names had faded from the minds of the young people and it was probably only the older generation that still knew them.

Looking at Er Ha's puzzled expression, Wei Zhi suddenly brought up a name. "Do you know Cailian Zhenren?"

Er Ha nodded its head. "I do!" Of course it knew this person; she was the only female cultivator in Lord Thunder's group chat... Also, she had once attacked Little Master Ling when he was ten years old with her boobs...

Pressing the button for the elevator, Wei Zhi said lightly, "This Auntie Zhao is Cailian Zhenren's shifu."

"..."

This world was really small!

Er Ha couldn't help lamenting.





Chapter 579 Demon Saint's Secret


Coming to Wei Zhi's place, Er Ha was already completely familiar with it. Wei Zhi this "invisible" wealthy tyrant had connected four units together and set up various types of ecological environments, which led to a very complicated layout of this place. If Wei Zhi hadn't led the way at the very beginning, Er Ha truly would have gotten lost.

But this time, it was thoroughly familiar with the place.

When Er Ha entered, it saw the Pushing Large Butterfly fly over to land on Wei Zhi's shoulder, making it suddenly drop down a little.

It had been a while since they'd last met, and this Pushing Large Butterfly was heavier again! It was obvious that Wei Zhi was raising it well!

The Pushing Large Butterfly was an economical type of spirit beast which was more average in its attributes. Its greatest traits were that it was loyal and practical. Its sleeping powder and anaesthetic powder were extremely useful especially in outdoor training, so it was very suitable for pet trainers to take outside.

Of course, the highest class that a Pushing Large Butterfly could reach wasn't very high, third class at most, but it was a different story if it could become a Butterfly Emperor.

It was obvious that this Pushing Large Butterfly of Wei Zhi's had Butterfly Emperor blood, otherwise he wouldn't have taken a fancy to it so easily. This was a common spirit beast which pet trainers liked to use at the early or middle stage. But for an SSR-level pet trainer like Wei Zhi to keep what could be called a "newbie" entry-level spirit beast made Er Ha think that this Pushing Large Butterfly definitely wasn't simple.

And it was as Er Ha expected.

With the Pushing Large Butterfly perched on his shoulder, Wei Zhi went over to the tyrant spirit flower that the butterfly had been on earlier and looked at its petals. Wei Zhi specially grew this flower indoors and the nectar it produced every day was the Pushing Large Butterfly's food.

Er Ha drew closer for a look and realized that there was actually something like a silky web that resembled cotton candy on the petals — this was the Pushing Large Butterfly's nest!

"As expected, it has Butterfly Emperor blood!" Er Ha tsked. Among all Pushing Large Butterflies, only a Butterfly Emperor would do this.

"Naturally, this is my contract spirit beast, after all."

Looking at this new nest on the flower petals, Wei Zhi was a little happy. "Among adult Pushing Large Butterflies, only those with Butterfly Emperor blood are able to create nests. When the nest is ninety percent complete, it'll attract a lot of young Pushing Large Butterflies. If it can attract one which also has Butterfly Emperor blood to complete the last ten percent of the nest perfectly, these two Pushing Large Butterflies will mate."

After saying this, Wei Zhi heaved a sigh and lightly touched the brightly colored wings of the Pushing Large Butterfly on his shoulder. "But only a very small number of Pushing Large Butterflies have Butterfly Emperor blood. And Butterfly Emperor-level Pushing Large Butterflies are state protected spirit beasts and are now already very rarely seen."

"State protected spirit beasts... Then the one on you..."

"S-level pet trainers and above are allowed to raise state protected second-class and third-class spirit beasts, and there's no limit for SSR-level pet trainers," Wei Zhi answered swiftly.

Er Ha nodded. "So that's it."

"Back than, in order to find this Pushing Large Butterfly with Butterfly Emperor blood, I ran all over the place." Wei Zhi seemed to be recalling many things.

"How did you find it?" Staring at this Pushing Large Butterfly, Er Ha was a bit curious.

It had met this Pushing Large Butterfly several times and it could see that the butterfly and Wei Zhi were very close, but it didn't know the story behind it.

Wei Zhi: "Actually, it wasn't that hard to form a contract with it; back then it had still been quite young. It was when I discovered it that was a little tricky - it's the third crown prince in its family but it didn't want to succeed the throne so it came with me."

Er Ha: "..."

There was this kind of operation?!

...

In the evening, Wei Zhi cooked especially for Er Ha. He cut up his Shenfubeef 1 and fried a huge steak for Er Ha. This beef was very expensive and ordinary pet trainers definitely wouldn't have any in their homes. When Wei Zhi cut this beef up and fried it, Er Ha suddenly felt a little awkward.

1(This is a play on Kobe beef; the kanji for Kobe reads as 'Shenhu' in Chinese, while Shenfu can be seen as a derivative in another accent ..) Er Ha: "This beef... is pretty pricey..."

Wei Zhi: "It's fine; anyway, I swindled it out of the vice president. He lost another bet with me yesterday and I won their Fenrir's luxurious dinner. It just so happens I can't finish it all on my own, so let's just fry it and eat it together, and give you some supplementary nutrition in passing."

Er Ha: "..."

Wei Zhi: "The vice president especially likes to bet with me, and he's done it several dozen times already. But he loses some item to me every single time, including the Bone King."

"..."

All of sudden, Er Ha felt that this Vice President of the Pet Trainers Association, Crying Old Immortal, was a little tragic!

So as reality proved, gambling really wasn't good! Forget the idea that small bets were relaxing and large bets were harmful - whatever the case, gambling was gambling. If you won, you wanted to keep winning; if you lost, you wanted to get your money back. This thing was forever a bottomless pit.

No one had this habit in the Wang family. Father Wang and Mother Wang never made bets with other people and didn't even buy shares or lottery tickets; Father Wang wasn't interested in making money through speculation. And Er Ha remembered that Father Wang and Little Master Ling had come to a special agreement when the latter had still been young in which he wasn't allowed to use his ability or anything like it to reap ill-gotten gains.

The true ability was to make money in pragmatic and realistic ways.

Frying the steak, Wei Zhi couldn't help laughing. "I guess that Fenrir at the vice president's place will howl tonight. It also has royal blood, but our family's Pushing Large Butterfly causes me no trouble and is economical to keep."

Er Ha was startled when it heard this.

Theoretically speaking, it also had royal blood... er, to be exact, it was a spirit beast with a royal soul!

In the past, when it recalled its previous identity as a demon king, it would inevitably feel depressed and sad, but now Er Ha felt more relieved than anything else.

Because tomorrow, it would personally bring everything to an end with its own paws...

While it probably could never again become the king it once was, Er Ha actually quite enjoyed its life now. Wang Ling might look like a solitary person, but Er Ha had realized that when it was with Wang Ling, it never felt lonely at all. What was more, it had even met many new friends through him.

Wei Zhi cast a look at Er Ha. He didn't know what this "Brother Dog" was thinking about. He had never met Wang Ling, but in truth, he had been curious about Wang Ling all this time; who could raise such a magical dog? What on earth was that person like?

"So that Fenrir has royal blood? Is it a natural inheritance?" Speaking of royal blood, Er Ha actually had quite a lot of questions. It was very curious to know what the similarities and differences were between eastern spirit beasts, demon beasts and western devil beasts.

"It's mostly inherited naturally, since the Fenrir at the vice president's place is a purebred. Of course, there are some exceptions," said Wei Zhi. "Take the legendary Demon Saint in the demon world, for example; it's most likely the supreme leader of the demon world and is a level above demon gods, but no one knows how this status is inherited."

"Do you know the Holy Pillar in the demon world?"

At that moment, Er Ha raised a key question.





Chapter 580 The Aftereffects of "Basic Dog Skills"


Wei Zhi was startled. "I remember it's a landmark?" He vaguely remembered seeing it in a book, since the interaction between the demon world and the human cultivation world had always been a popular issue after the Gate Between Worlds appeared.

Over the years, the Pet Trainers Guild had put a lot of effort into studying the differences between demon beasts, spirit beasts and devil beasts. In the past, the focus had always been on the differences between spirit beasts and devil beasts. However, both spirit beasts and devil beasts were earth species which used natural spirit qi as a source of power. While they differed in habits and attributes, in essence there weren't any big differences between them.

On the other hand, there had been a great deal to learn in the past few years when it came to comparing demon beasts and spirit beasts. It wasn't just Wei Zhi; the vice president, the president as well as other SSR-level pet trainers were doing every possible type of research into it.

Back when the Gate had appeared in the human world, there were cultivators that had captured a number of demon beasts as study specimens. In the past few years, the nation had actually invested a great deal in research to fund the Pet Trainers Guild so that they could compile teaching materials on demon beasts.

Solely in terms of species, there were more demon beast species than spirit beast and devil beast species put together; this was a terrifying amount, plus they had numerous tribes.

Based on the information which human cultivators had on the demon world, there were over a hundred demon territories and each territory was ruled by a demon god. Each demon territory was in turn divided again into dozens of clans and each clan leader was a demon king. Divided even further, there would be enough diverse species to draw a family tree that would stupefy people.

But even given how diverse these species were, the Pet Trainers Guild had still found a very important landmark in the past few years, and that was the Holy Pillar of the demon world.

This was information they'd obtained from combining the maps drawn by dealers of rare maps who had risked their lives to explore the demon world. Each dealer had explored a different place but there were overlaps. After putting all of them together, the Pet Trainers Guild had discovered the existence of this "Holy Pillar of the demon world."

"Brother Dog knows this Holy Pillar?" Wei Zhi was greatly surprised; he felt that Er Ha's breadth of knowledge was wider than he had imagined! Also, the critical point was that the matter of this Holy Pillar hadn't been made public yet. None of the popular science books on the Gate Between Worlds in bookstore chains like "Library of Heaven's Path" or whatnot currently contained any information on the Holy Pillar.

"Mm, I've heard of it."

Er Ha nodded as it feigned composure. Of course it knew the Holy Pillar very well, since it used to be a demon from that neck of the woods. Actually, any demon at the level of a demon king or above knew about the Holy Pillar.

"As expected, Brother Dog has seen much and knows a lot!" Wei Zhi had always known that Er Ha's origin wasn't simple. For it to be able to talk without reaching the requisite level already defied common sense, so Wei Zhi didn't think too much about Er Ha knowing about the existence of the "Holy Pillar."

He had felt since the beginning that his "Brother Dog" was a dog who had seen much of the world, and was a clean and refined dog that had rid itself of vulgar tastes!

"We only deduced the existence of this Holy Pillar not so long ago. Our analytical findings indicated that this is an important landmark in the demon world and it has a lot to do with Demon Saint. The closer a demon territory is to the Holy Pillar, the more powerful it is," said Wei Zhi.

"Mm, that's pretty much it." Er Ha nodded its head; this research had in fact covered all the basic points.

The Holy Pillar was in the center of the demon world and surrounded by a hundred territories.

As for why a demon territory was stronger the closer it was to the Holy Pillar, the reason was actually very simple: it was because those demon territories were more or less influenced by Demon Saint's aura; under the demon energy emitted by Demon Saint, they became even stronger.

In any case, this wasn't a secret in the demon world.

"How far along are you in your research?" Er Ha couldn't help asking.

"We're currently studying the connection between the Holy Pillar and Demon Saint."

Wei Zhi answered, "Our preliminary guess is that the Holy Pillar is closely related to inheriting the position of Demon Saint. Although it seems that it's hereditary and it's already publicly known that the current Demon Saint is a merman called Second Generation Merman, we still believe that the title of Demon Saint is inherited in some other way."

"... Another way?" Er Ha was startled.

This point which Wei Zhi had brought up was something that even Er Ha, who was a demon world native, didn't know about.

In the demon world, Demon Saint's existence was a mystery to begin with. There were over a hundred demon gods in the demon world, but only the few at the very top had ever truly seen Demon Saint. Even then, not a single one of them could accurately describe its appearance.

What a lot of demons, including Er Ha, knew was that Demon Saint had always existed, but they didn't know how this "Demon Saint" title was inherited. The demons below the demon gods, including the demon kings, had only heard of Demon Saint, and only knew that it was Demon Saint who appointed the demon gods from among lots of demon kings. However, no one knew what the specific criteria were to become a demon god.

Most demons had no idea what Demon Saint looked like, where he was, whether he would send small red packets to the demon gods chat group during the festival seasons, or whether he would give pensions to demon gods who retired after six hundred and fifty years...

...

Sitting in front of Wei Zhi as it ate the steak, Er Ha chewed on the beef with shining eyes; it was unexpectedly delicious!!!

Er Ha exclaimed in admiration, "You're a real wife!"

Wei Zhi replied calmly, "I'm a beast wife."

Er Ha: "..."

"You used a little too much strength today. Eat more, this beef can greatly replenish your energy."

Wei Zhi stuck a fork in a piece of steak and put it in his mouth. "By the way, I haven't asked yet, where did Brother Dog learn this boxing technique from?"

"A friend gave it to me, he wasn't using it," said Er Ha.

"Mm, it's very formidable. If you can cultivate it to the ultimate level, it'll be worth it! But when I saw you use this boxing technique today, it felt like it was missing something and you looked a little stiff. Perhaps your friend didn't give you the entire set?" asked Wei Zhi.

Er Ha replied, "It's a complete set... but my friend might have enhanced it."

"I see."

Wei Zhi put down the fork as he suddenly looked serious. "Actually, sometimes an improved art doesn't necessarily apply to everyone. It'll still be better to cultivate the original version of the art, otherwise if spirit energy runs through the wrong meridian, it's very easy for aftereffects to occur."

Er Ha was alarmed. "Is it really that bad?"

"It can happen..."

Wei Zhi laughed. "But for now, it looks like this art quite suits you."

Er Ha: "Mm, it doesn't feel uncomfortable."

Wei Zhi: "But we can't exclude the possibility that the aftereffects have yet to emerge."

Er Ha: "..."





Chapter 581 Er Ha's Journey to the Demon World


After leaving Wei Zhi's place, Er Ha thought about the "Basic Dog Skills" which it had used in the fight. Currently, it didn't feel that there was anything wrong with cultivating this boxing art; cultivating it had even opened up a lot of the meridians inside Er Ha's body which had been blocked initially, enabling its soul and body to reach a higher level of alignment with each other.

However, Wei Zhi's words still made Er Ha a little fidgety because his instincts were always spot on, especially when it came to spirit beasts. The main thing was that Er Ha had originally been a demon beast; now that it was cultivating a spirit beast art, what if something really went wrong?

Little Master Ling had previously modified that "Demon King Heart Sutra," which Er Ha had absolutely nothing to worry about. The problem was that Xiao Yin had initially recorded down these Basic Dog Skills based on what he had read in Dog Saint's depository of Buddhist texts. Furthermore, Xiao Yin himself had said that he had condensed this set of spirit techniques in his own way so that it was more refined than the original version. For some reason, however, Er Ha didn't feel that this was reliable.

On the way home, Loopy Dog couldn't help texting Xiao Yin. "Is the Basic Dog Skills you gave me last time complete or not?"

"???"

Xiao Yin was hugely baffled when it saw this message. "It is."

Er Ha: "Are there any aftereffects?"

Xiao Yin: "..."

It would have been fine if the aftereffects hadn't been mentioned, but now that it had, Xiao Yin immediately recalled something... because back then, Dog Saint had actually highlighted on the back page a matter for attention when cultivating the "Basic Dog Skills." But because this point of note had only been directed at the Dog clan, Xiao Yin hadn't memorized it; he only remembered that if the user didn't pay attention to this matter while cultivating the art, this could lead to some aftereffects...

When it saw the ellipses in Xiao Yin's reply, Er Ha was so alarmed that its dog fur stood on end. "So there really are?!"

Xiao Yin rubbed his face and answered a little aggrievedly, "Mm... certainly there are. It was a point of note directed at the Dog clan, so I didn't memorize it because it was only for the clan... It was only after I gave the technique to you back then that I remembered that there was something like that, but it was too long ago, so I thought I'd wait to remember what it was before telling you..."

Er Ha was alarmed. "Shit, you cheated me! You scoundrel Silver!"

Xiao Yin: "... Do you feel unwell right now?"

Er Ha: "No..."

Xiao Yin: "Then what is there to be afraid of? Who knows, there might be no aftereffects, or they're not obvious, which means they aren't severe."

Xiao Yin was blank. "What are the common aftereffects?"

Whether humans, beasts or some other living thing, they all had a natural fear of the unknown. Wasn't this why "wolfberry1" was so popular nowadays as a preventative measure?

1(It's believed that Chinese wolfberry water is good for health in many ways.) Xiao Yin pretended to recall something and didn't reply for several minutes... How would he know what the aftereffects were! The main thing was that he really hadn't paid any attention to it back then, otherwise there was no way he would have forgotten it.

For some reason, Xiao Yin had a bad feeling inside that he had indeed cheated this "Dog Bapi." Although Dog Bapi was indeed usually quite the opportunist, Xiao Yin had an overall favorable impression of him.

On a scale of five stars, if Er Ha didn't get five, then it would be four stars.

It was a very loyal dog!

But in this situation, Xiao Yin truly didn't know how to comfort Er Ha.

It was only after a long while that he replied, "... The common aftereffects are lack of strength, fatigue, backache, and night sweats from kidney deficiency."

Er Ha: "Kid.. kidney deficiency?"

Xiao Yin: "Worst comes to worst, take some Liuwei Dihuang Pills2."

2(A Chinese herbal medicine for the kidneys..) Er Ha: "..."

Xiao Yin: "Don't worry, it shouldn't be too serious. Don't you have Master? With Master around, why do you need to panic? If you really have a kidney deficiency, get Master to stroke you."

Er Ha: "..."

Xiao Yin: "I mean stroke your fur, don't be dirty."

Er Ha: "..."

Speaking up to this point, Xiao Yin couldn't help sighing. "When will Master stroke my hair?! I heard Master did it for you many times, and his hand technique is very relaxing! I wonder what it's like compared with Thunder's technique."

Er Ha: "You pervert..."

...

When Er Ha reached the entrance to the house, it did its best to push the issue of the aftereffects to the back of its mind. It didn't want to reveal its uneasiness and cause Little Master Ling to suspect something. This was because it was about to do something big. Furthermore, it wanted to settle this as quickly as possible before returning to act as a idle dog once more.

The time in the prophetic dream had arrived; Er Ha would be journeying back to its clan tonight.

Er Ha was actually a little nervous when it entered because it was doing this whole thing behind Wang Ling's back, which made it feel a little guilty. It now just wanted to hurry up and settle everything and then return to Little Master Ling's side as soon as possible.

Taking a deep breath, Er Ha pushed the door open. It was nine o'clock. Mother Wang was already upstairs as it was time for her to put on a face mask, while Father Wang was in the study writing his manuscript under Lie Mengmeng's eye.

And Wang Ling was actually already in bed at this time.

This was outside of Er Ha's expectations; why was Little Master Ling asleep so early?

Was he tired out from the sports meet today?

There was a huge difference between Little Master Ling and the other people who had participated in the sports meet. Everyone else was tired from running around, but Little Master Ling was tired from controlling his primordial qi as he ran around; this operation consumed way, way more energy than just pure sports.

Thinking this, Er Ha suddenly felt that this explanation was too perfect!

It went over next to the bed and called in a low voice, "Woof?"

Wang Ling who was pretending to be asleep: "..."

There really wasn't a response!

Er Ha was surprised and delighted; God really was helping it!

Wang Ling who was pretending to be asleep: "..."

Er Ha went to the bathroom and closed the door.

It recalled how Wang Ling had located Immortal Zhenyuan's "Drought Star" back then and started Lord Ma.

The toilet lid on Lord Ma's body opened by itself and a booming voice like before came out, with a faint echo. "I serve..."

Before it could finish talking, Er Ha fired back in a low voice, "Are you looking to die? Little Master Ling is sleeping!"

Lord Ma shut up obediently. "..."

After Er Ha quietly recited the coordinates, Lord Ma emitted a radiant light like before which enveloped it.

Then, with a whoosh, Er Ha turned into a ray of light which vanished on the spot.

Right after it disappeared, Wang Ling pushed the door and came in.

"Took it away?" he gazed at Lord Ma and asked telepathically.

Lord Ma: "Yes, Supreme Lord Wang Ling."

"Added the buff?" Wang Ling asked again.

Lord Ma: "I have, Supreme Lord Wang Ling." This was the power which Wang Ling had deposited inside Lord Ma's body beforehand; as long as Er Ha activated Lord Ma, Wang Ling's golden light shield would directly encase its body.

After making sure, Wang Ling felt a lot more relieved.

With the golden light shield on Er Ha, Wang Ling felt that he didn't have to worry too much about its safety.

In addition, this Er Ha was quite smart.

It had Immortal Zhenyuan's immortal seal on it.

If something happened...

With one command, Immortal Zhenyuan would come running to be a "dog"...





Chapter 582 The Green Light In the Dream


Inside the Gate Between Worlds, the demon realm was divided into three regions and one hundred and eight territories; classified by strength, they were divided into ninety-six outer territories, eight middle territories, as well as four inner territories. Given the Tuntian Ha clan's overall strength, it was located in one of the four inner territories, and conflict between the four was a lot more varied than those in the middle and outer territories.

At the same time, the four great demon gods of the four inner territories were the most powerful demon gods: Scorpion King of the East, Venerated Ox of the West, Ghost Emperor of the South and Turtle Devil of the North. They were known as the Four Fabled Battle Gods.

Members of the Tuntian Ha clan lived within the borders of Scorpion King's eastern territory. The clash this time revolved around the conflict between Scorpion King of the East and the other three demon gods.

On Dragon Teeth Mountain, a Tuntian Ha clan elder with gray hair and a beard stood on a cliff as he surveyed the border with a deep gaze. He was currently the official acting leader of the Tuntian Ha clan: Elder Wen He.

Dragon Teeth Mountain was the boundary between the eastern and western territories, and a border consulate had been set up here initially for the sake of negotiating any conflict between the territories. But right now in this elder's eyes, this consulate only existed in name.

"Elder Wen, everything has been prepared. The old and the young in the clan are ready to evacuate." At this moment, a beam of light fell and a gleaming-faced young man landed behind Elder Wen.

He nodded and looked up at the sky. "If I can lay down my life to keep the clan safe, everything will have been worth it."

Saying this, Elder Wen glanced over his shoulder at the young man behind him. "Wen Yu, after I die, you'll be in charge of clan matters; it's going to be a little tough on you."

"No! I'm going with grandfather!"

The young man raised his head. "The proposed talks by the three demon gods this time might be a turning point, grandfather!"

"A turning point? That's impossible. They're nothing more than empty words, and I can't see my grandchild die for nothing." Elder Wen sighed. "In the end, you're still too young, and you don't understand the situation. Like how the other three territories are forcefully making unfair accusations against us; it's no use no matter how we try to defend ourselves."

"Who has our clan offended?"

Wen Yu clenched his fists tight and looked extremely furious. "Since ancient times, our Tuntian Ha clan has always played our part. Several years ago, our tenth generation leader was even pushed out by the other demon gods to charge enemy lines and died tragically. Why are the other three demon gods sullying our clan's honor by claiming that we're keeping magic WMDs for Scorpion King?"

In the end, this sort of empty and malicious defamation would, no matter what, be all in vain.

"You're still young and have your own path to walk, but grandfather is old now.

"Our clan is just a sacrificial pawn to them.

"This time, the other three territories are sending people to negotiate and are saying that they want to thoroughly investigate whether we have magic WMDs. If they confirm we don't have any, they won't declare war on the eastern territory."

Elder Wen pinched his whiskers, as if he had already seen through everything. "But since the beginning, it's impossible for this war to be called off. They're well prepared and have formed an alliance to suppress our eastern territory. In these talks, it's impossible for Scorpion King to allow the other three territories to enter and do a search."

When he said this, the young man already completely understood.

No matter what Scorpion King did, it was a quandary.

The fact that the eastern territory had magic WMDs was an empty rumor to begin with, but the other three demon gods still insisted on conducting a search and had joined together to condemn and criticize the eastern territory. These other major territories had pledged that they wouldn't give up, and unless the eastern territory opened itself to be searched, they would join forces to strike at it.

How shameless was this behavior...

"Even if Scorpion King concedes, this will only cast doubt on the overall strength of our eastern territory. The eight middle territories now all covet the position of the four inner territories. As soon as Scorpion King shows any sign of weakness, it'll only stop the flow temporarily."

Elder Wen had been very clear about this matter since the beginning. "When the time comes, the eight middle territories will definitely use this issue to kick up a fuss and expel our eastern territory from the four inner territories and fight among themselves for the position as the new eastern territory."

The young man sank into silence; wars between demon territories had always brought nothing but pain.

The ones who truly suffered were the innocent demon beasts caught in the middle. Most demon beasts enjoyed living peacefully, but competition between demon territories was a brutal thing. Scorpion King of the East had always been someone who stood for power, so he couldn't get away from the fact that the other three territories joining forces this time to clash with the eastern territory actually had something to do with this character of his - but this wasn't a reason to make things up and frame them.

Wen Yu stayed silent and quietly wiped away his tears without crying audibly. But the sound of him wiping his tears away was very clear, so much so that it seemed to pierce Elder Wen's ears a little.

Once Elder Wen left, he didn't know if he would be able to come back.

Wen Yu was still young, but he was the best candidate from the younger generation to shoulder the heavy responsibility of ruling the clan.

"Wen Yu, don't feel too sad. Grandfather has been able to live to this age, it's more than enough for me." Elder Wen didn't turn his head, his gaze fixed in the direction of the border from beginning to end.

Lowering his eyelids, the young man was extremely heartbroken. "Grandfather... is there really no other way?"

"Looking at the current situation, there truly isn't."

Elder Wen shook his head. "Before this, I already held a prayer meet. Unless we can awaken Great Ancestor Lord Jiang, we truly have no hope." There was a time when a dazzling demon god had appeared in the Tuntian Ha clan. He was Great Ancestor Jiang, whose Daoist name in the clan was Venerated Demon Jiang Liu.

But speaking up to this point, Elder Wen suddenly said, "Actually, things may not be as terrible as we imagined. I also had a prophetic dream not long ago that our clan would thrive and prosper under the cover of a green light... but until now, I have yet to understand what the green light means."

While Elder Wen's words sounded comforting, it didn't make Wen Yu feel any better.

The Toad clan's prophetic dreams...

While a dream might come true, it was also a matter of probability.

Furthermore, Wen Yu had never heard his grandfather bring up this prophetic dream before, so he just treated it as words of comfort. But the truth was that Elder Wen had indeed dreamt this...

At that moment, grandfather and grandson stood on the edge of the cliff on Dragon Teeth Mountain.

A breeze brushed over Elder Wen's navy blue Daoist robe.

It was time to go.

As he prepared to leave, Elder Wen finally turned to look at his grandson in the moment just before he departed. "Wen Yu, raise your head! A male toad should be a man!"

Chin up and chest out, the young man struggled to control his feelings.

"We are a clan bathed in the light of a demon god's glory. Even if things are hopeless now, you must remember: for the sake of past generations, for the sake of our clan's great undertaking, you must never lower your head, no matter what!"

Gazing in the direction of the peace consulate, Elder Wen gritted his teeth. "If I don't come back this time... I never will!"





Chapter 583 Across the Span of the Three Major Territories...


When Elder Wen hurried to the peace consulate, he could already sense the "smoke"; the atmosphere inside the peace consulate wasn't "peaceful" at all. On the contrary, there was a sense of hostility in the air. Although he had already anticipated earlier that these talks wouldn't be productive, he still sighed inwardly before slowly walking inside.

The envoys from the southern, western and northern territories had already been waiting for a long time in the peace consulate.

This time, the three envoys that had been sent were all direct subordinates of the three demon gods respectively: Daoist Horse Face under Venerated Ox of the East, Daoist Witch Demon under Ghost Emperor of the South and Daoist Bronze Turtle under Turtle Devil of the North.

Even Scorpion King hadn't expected the other three territories to gang up this time to crowd out the eastern territory. Moreover, it could be said that the talks this time completely lacked sincerity; if they really wanted to settle this peacefully, they wouldn't have sent mere envoys to negotiate; at the very least, they should have each sent a demon god representative. In the end, it was merely three envoys who were sitting here.

There was a round table in the peace consulate's meeting hall, and the three envoys were sitting around it, their chins resting on their steepled fingers as they assumed the pose of commanders deep in thought.

Elder Wen stayed silent and didn't say a single word as he found a place to sit.

After roughly two minutes of silence, Daoist Horse Face spoke. "Today we three envoys have come to the consulate for peace talks; why didn't Scorpion King himself receive us?"

Elder Wen silently rolled his eyes in his heart.

They already knew the answer to this question.

They already knew that the demon god of the eastern territory, Scorpion King, wouldn't show up, and they were deliberately putting him on the spot.

"Scorpion King is busy leveling up at home today. I'm afraid he doesn't have the time to come out." Elder Wen gave a fist salute.

The envoys from the three territories: "..."

Elder Wen casually drew out a chair and sat down with the expression of one who had nothing to fear and was already gallantly prepared to meet his death.

That Daoist Horse Face still persisted as he stared at Elder Wen. "Who gave you permission to sit?"

In the end, Elder Wen turned a deaf ear and even crossed his legs.

After all, he couldn't escape his death today, so what was there to be afraid of?

"..."

Daoist Horse Face's face suddenly turned dark. "Are you showing me disrespect?"

"We're all envoys here. The peace consulate was established in the spirit of impartial negotiations. Don't tell me the three of you don't know how to tell the difference between what is fair and unfair?" Elder Wen was completely unafraid as he simply lay all his cards on the table. "I came here today knowing I would meet my end, so I have nothing to fear."

"What does Scorpion King mean by this?" On the side, Daoist Witch Demon laughed. "Don't you know right now you're up against three territories? For your puny Tuntian Ha clan to dare incite a territorial dispute... even if any of your descendants survive in the future, they'll just be rats on the street wherever they go."

"Ever since the rumor spread that my clan was keeping magic WMDs for Scorpion King, the southern, western and northern territories have constantly been spreading groundless gossip since a lie repeated a thousand times, no matter how untrue it is, becomes real. Each and every one of the inner clans in the eastern territory knows this issue was fabricated. If the three of you envoys as representatives of the three territories continue with these unjust accusations, I can't take responsibility for the reputations of your territories being tarnished." Elder Wen waved his hand.

Daoist Horse Face's face darkened as he snarled, "Since you're already prepared to die, there's nothing else for us to say. If you can, walk out of the consulate and try us."

"What? Don't dare to directly do anything to me inside the consulate?" Elder Wen gave a composed laugh.

He was well aware that it was Demon Saint who had ordered that this peace consulate be set up with the initial purpose of balancing the views and opinions of the different demon territories. Rumor had it that Demon Saint had put a restriction on the peace consulate: if anyone dared start a fight in the consulate, the restriction punishment would immediately befall them...

This rumor had always existed but no one had ever dared tested it.

So Elder Wen felt it was a safe bet that these three people definitely wouldn't dare lay their hands on him in the peace consulate at least.

And reality indeed proved him right.

Given their overwhelming fear of Demon Saint's restriction, the faces of Daoist Horse Face, Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle from the other three territories instantly turned black.

Daoist Horse Face: "You already know that the consulate has Demon Saint's restriction on it; how can we make a move so easily?"

Elder Wen burst out laughing. "I already know I'm a dead man walking if I leave the consulate; why would I go out?"

Daoist Horse Face, Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle: "..."

Just looking at the expressions on their faces now, Elder Wen felt a huge weight lifted off him.

Although Demon Saint's restriction on the peace consulate was just a rumor, it had been around for a very long time. However, no one had ever died under this restriction because no one had ever dared to raise a hand, in case it really was activated.

Elder Wen was also disinclined to test the existence of this restriction, and had only wanted to take a chance.

Now that he had confirmed that these three didn't dare lay a hand on him, he was simply too delighted for words as he stared at Daoist Horse Face. "Come and hit me!"

Then, he directly did a standing long jump to land in front of Daoist Horse Face. "You can't!"

The envoys from the three territories: "..."

Elder Wen: "Curse me! ... You can't open your mouth!"

The envoys from the three territories: "..."

The corner of Daoist Horse Face's mouth twitched. After thinking for a long time, he decided to withdraw first for the sake of gaining the upper hand later. "Our three territories are of good stock, and it's impossible for us to lay a hand on an envoy! Since Scorpion King didn't come today, how about we wait until he's free some other day for talks?" Their original plan hadn't been to kill Elder Wen but to detain and arrest him for keeping a secret hoard of magic WMDs.

However, they wouldn't be able to avoid using demon techniques even if they were just arresting him.

The problem was, who would dare make a move in the peace consulate?

"I've already seen through the three territories' plan to frame us."

Elder Wen completely didn't believe the rubbish they were spouting; when he had entered earlier, the expressions in their eyes had already told him everything.

Daoist Horse Face couldn't take it anymore. "Then what are you going to do? Don't tell me you're going to live here?"

" Pa !"

Elder Wen snapped his fingers. "Bingo!"

The envoys from the three territories: "..."

Elder Wen sat down cross-legged. He took out a brocade pouch and then from inside took out his pots and pans and his cutlery one after another, as well as a glass bottle filled to the brim with larvae eggs.

Elder Wen: "This bottle happens to store the large meat flies which my clan has an abundance of. There are altogether one hundred thousand male eggs and one hundred thousand female eggs in here, and some of them are about to hatch. In this case, I don't have to worry about my food supply. What's more, I'm also old and don't eat as much... with this one bottle, I can live here until the end of my days."

The envoys from the three territories: "..."

Holding the glass bottle in his hand, Elder Wen smiled. "Across the span of the three major territories, who do you think can beat my clan at hanging on?"

The envoys from the three territories: "..."





Chapter 584 The Return of the King


In the peace consulate, Elder Wen looked unperturbed. Now that he had confirmed that the three of them didn't dare do anything to him, he was very reassured... it didn't matter how cheekily he behaved from now on.

At this moment, Daoist Horse Face was feeling hateful regret.

If they had known earlier, they wouldn't have arranged to meet in the peace consulate; if only they had found another venue specially for the peace talks.

At the moment, the envoys from the other three territories looked at each other in dismay; they were wondering in their hearts whether Demon Saint's restriction truly existed or not. Since ancient times, no one had had the guts to cross this line, so there had been no way to confirm if it was real. The problem was that even if they didn't know for sure, this wasn't a line they dared cross!

Daoist Horse Face couldn't take it. "Wen He, don't be a bully! The peace consulate is made available to us for the purpose of negotiation, but you actually dare treat it as your house? You... you, you're shameless!"

"???"

Elder Wen was stunned.

From the moment he had entered, the other three had had conspiring looks of people up to no good. In broad daylight before heaven and earth, they had been about to do something unsavory to this thousand-year-old toad who was full of bright hope for the future, something indescribable like bondage and wax play...

Yet now they were firing back by saying that he was being shameless; this operation was stupefying enough to make ghosts and gods weep.

Elder Wen: "If you can't wait, the three of you can leave first. In any case, I'm going to live in the peace consulate. There's nothing in the convention to indicate that this isn't proper. The original purpose of the consulate is to uphold justice, negotiate conflict and offer asylum to demons in need."

The envoys from the other three territories were unable to respond. "..."

It was at that moment that something hit Daoist Bronze Turtle, who stared at Elder Wen and smirked. "Wen He, did you just bring the larvae eggs and not the incubation potion? If you want to incubate them, you need the specially-made incubation demon potion."

"What a blunder!"

Elder Wen patted his head.

The incubation demon potion was an important component for incubating the large meat flies.

He was getting on in his years, after all.

There were indeed times when he couldn't attend to every single thing.

Daoist Horse Face burst into laughter. "Hahaha! Wen He, are you a fool? Without the incubation potion, the larvae eggs you brought here are no use at all, and we can waste time with you!"

If he had these larvae eggs, Elder Wen could linger for an infinitely long time. Meat flies hatched very fast and they only needed demon qi to grow. For the Toad clan, they were an important food source which not only replenished their demon energy but were also rich in nutrients.

Elder Wen had brought a lot of larvae eggs with him; as long as he could use demon qi here, he could help the large meat flies to hatch and grow to become his source of sustenance. In theory, they would be like a perpetual motion machine that would run forever!

Daoist Witch Demon couldn't help laughing. "Elder Wen, you're a real dotard. The incubation demon potion is so important yet you forgot to bring it. You might as well go back to your clan to get it."

This was a blatant jeer.

However, Elder Wen's expression was more composed than the three could imagine.

He couldn't be any clearer on what leaving the consulate would mean for him.

The three of them were looking forward to him leaving so that they could promptly attack him.

"It's fine. Certainly, I didn't bring any incubation demon potion with me, but since the three of you envoys are willing to waste time with me, then let's do so."

Elder Wen waved his hand airily and took out his phone in the next second. "I'll order a delivery and have it brought here."

The envoys from the three territories: "..."

Really...

He had just forgotten something...

Making such a big deal out of it!

...

Elsewhere, a golden light fell from the sky in front of the Tuntian Ha clan's original dwelling, Sprout Village; Er Ha had successfully landed here.

It looked at the slightly glowing golden light on its green fur and was startled.

Wasn't this Little Master Ling's golden light shield? Why did Er Ha have it?

Could it be when Lord Ma sent it here, the golden light shield was automatically cast?

Er Ha was a bit baffled. It hadn't told Little Master Ling about its plan to come to the demon world and thought it had hidden it very well.

However, if it really was Little Master Ling who had specially arranged this golden light shield...

This thought pulled at Er Ha's heartstrings as warmth suddenly flooded its heart.

There were times when Er Ha couldn't help feeling that to have Wang Ling as its owner was truly a blessing.

Whatever...

In the current situation, Er Ha would just assume it was a subsidiary effect of using Lord Ma when it was sent here.

It was better to have the golden light shield than not at all. At its current realm, even if it let loose all the power of Sword Dao in its body, it would barely reach just under Itinerant Immortal level. But while Er Ha couldn't rival an itinerant immortal, it was still a lot more powerful than an ordinary demon king. However, even if that was the case, the demon world was still a dangerous place, and this golden light shield made Er Ha feel a lot more at ease.

Er Ha lifted its head and looked up ahead in the direction of the Tuntian Ha clan's Sprout Village. However, the village was unexpectedly empty and not even half a shadow of a toad could be seen.

"Where is everyone?" Er Ha was even more perplexed.

Right at that moment, Er Ha felt a vibration and suddenly sensed an aura lunging toward the back of its head.

It tilted its head lightly to avoid it and happened to see a gleaming-faced young man standing behind it.

This was... Wen Yu?

Er Ha was able to determine the young man's identity just from his aura.

It never expected the small toad that had followed Elder Wen around back then to have grown up in the blink of an eye, and to have unexpectedly already cultivated a human form!

Wen Yu frowned deeply as he stared at the green-furred dog that was standing at the entrance to the village. The aura that had shot out just now had just been a probing strike, but this green-furred dog's reaction stunned him; the other party had dodged it so easily, as if this sneak attack was nothing and as if it had already detected his aura.

Of course, all of this wasn't important - the most important thing was that there wasn't the slightest trace of demon qi on this green-furred dog... what flowed over it instead was pure spirit qi!

This was a spirit beast from outside the demon world!

"Who are you?" Wen Yu's expression suddenly turned wary as he released his aura to try and oppress it.

However, Er Ha just walked quietly to the young man, completely unafraid of his vigor. It just sighed in its heart: this tiny thing back then was unexpectedly so strong now...

In some sense, Er Ha thought that Wen Yu was more talented than it had ever been back then, and it felt a little gratified by this.

Because it had the golden light shield on it, Wen Yu's aura wasn't the slightest bit of use.

Er Ha walked step by step until it was in front of Wen Yu, who was promptly on his guard. Something told him that this dog was very dangerous.

Then, Er Ha merely raised its head to look at him, but it was enough to make Wen Yu's mind go blank.

"Where is everyone else in the village?"

The moment Er Ha spoke, Wen Yu was immediately stunned.

Because... this was the tenth generation leader's voice!

The rims of Wen Yu's eyes almost instantly reddened. "You are..."

"I didn't die, child."

Er Ha looked up at the young man in front of it with an extremely determined look. "Your king is back!"





Chapter 585 The Green Light Which Floods the Horizon


Wen Yu looked at the incredible scene in front of him and hardly dared believe it... the tenth generation leader's voice had well and truly resounded in his ear, and it lingered as a continuous echo.

He had never expected this...

Tenth Generation Leader, who back then had been framed by the other demon kings and pushed out of the Gate Between Worlds to charge and break through enemy lines before dying, had actually showed up again in front of him in this form.

Tenth Generation... is that really you?

The young man's legs already couldn't support him anymore and turned weak.

Although its appearance and aura had completely changed, this voice... it indeed belonged to Tenth Generation Leader! Since young, Wen Yu had always had the impression of an imposing yet kindly voice, which was very soothing.

"Yes, child, I'm back. I didn't die, but continued my life in this form." When Er Ha approached the young man, the latter already couldn't hold himself up anymore as he fell to his knees and started to cry bitterly.

Er Ha didn't know what on earth had happened in the Tuntian Ha clan's Sprout Village, but from its prophetic dream, it could guess that it was something big. It was also obvious that as the backbone of the younger generation, it was Wen Yu who had been painstakingly holding up the village. Thus, the moment he saw Er Ha, he already couldn't contain his emotions as he started to sob.

Er Ha placed one dog paw on the young man's shoulder. "It has been hard on all of you when I wasn't around."

It had already been a long time since Er Ha had actually spoken in the tone of a leader after it had started to follow Little Master Ling. For one thing, it wasn't used to it, and for another thing, Er Ha had started to forget its days as a "king" after living in a human cultivation city.

But it had returned this time to completely end everything; for the sake of fulfilling its obligation and its final duty as "king," Er Ha would play this role once more.

Naturally, it would be for the last time.

Er Ha quietly waited for the young man to gather himself together.

Seeing that Wen Yu had calmed down after a few minutes, Er Ha gently asked, "After I disappeared, did a new king take office?"

"No... no."

Wen Yu wiped his tears. "Grandfather always believed you weren't dead, and everyone has been waiting for your return."

It was as Er Ha had expected.

It lowered its head and pondered; everything was the same as in its prophetic dream.

Er Ha stretched out a paw and pressed it to Wen Yu's forehead. "Don't move, just relax. I'm going to find out what on earth happened in the village."

It was a simple memory extraction spell which required the cooperation of the person in question. Er Ha knew something big had happened in the village, but there was no way for Wen Yu to explain it in just a few words; thus, it might as well directly search Wen Yu's memories itself, which was more convenient.

In the end, it might have been better if it hadn't. After seeing Wen Yu's memories and understanding what had happened to the village, Er Ha was so infuriated that all its fur bristled!

It clenched its teeth and bellowed, "These three demon gods are really going too far!"

For now, Er Ha hadn't completely inherited the power of sword Dao; once it fully absorbed it, even if it wasn't yet a first-class spirit beast, it felt that it could still fight a demon god on equal footing!

Elder Wen was in danger now and had most likely been detained at the peace consulate; Er Ha felt that it had to rush there at once!

"Wen Yu, I'm going to go save Elder Wen. He's our clan's founding minister, I'll definitely protect him."

"Tenth Generation, what are you going to do?"

"Hehe... anyone who dares come, I'll just string them up and beat them up!" Er Ha laughed, sounding very confident as its tone betrayed a hint of ruthlessness.

They were just three petty envoys; Er Ha thought nothing of them at all.

"Wen Yu, before this matter is resolved, please protect the rest of the clan," Er Ha said as it looked at the young man.

"Don't worry, Tenth Generation!" The young man nodded his head.

"Mm, also... please keep my return this time a secret. Don't speak of it to anyone, including your grandfather, understand?" said Er Ha.

Wen Yu was baffled. "Why?"

"I'm already no longer a demon king."

It turned around and looked at its village.

After a while, it gazed at him and said, "My Daoist name now is Immortal Two!"

Wen Yu: "..."

...

Elsewhere, a little demon courier from Yaotuan1 very quickly sent the incubation demon potion to the peace consulate after Elder Wen placed an online order.

1(A riff on the Chinese food delivery app 'Meituan.''Yao' means 'demon .. ') When the little demon courier arrived at the consulate entrance, it was taken aback - this place was a little too classy. As a low-level demon, it probably would never be able to set foot in this place in its entire life.

Standing outside the consulate, the little demon asked diffidently, "May I ask, this is Mr Wen's delivery?"

Elder Wen was sitting inside the consulate. When he heard the little demon's question, he immediately replied happily, "That's right, I ordered it. Come in directly!"

Holding the incubation demon potion delivery which Elder Wen had ordered, the little demon courier's heart trembled...

Holy shit!

It could actually enter?

But this was the peace consulate!

Trembling, the courier little demon entered, and in the next second, it almost wet its pants.

That was because apart from Elder Wen inside the peace consulate, the envoys from the three other territories were giving it sinister looks and gnashing their teeth as if they were simply going to eat it!

The courier little demon couldn't help trembling all over. "M- Mr Wen... your - your delivery item."

"Don't be nervous, the peace consulate has Demon Saint's restriction on it. There might be something wrong with their brains, but they won't hurt you." Elder Wen smiled.

The three envoys from the other territories: "..."

"I see..."

When it heard this, the little demon courier breathed a sigh of relief, and then looked at the three envoys a little angrily. "Look at yourselves! Are those the types of expressions peace envoys should have? In any case, you're officials for three of the territories in the demon world, but you look like fiends... Be careful that I don't file complaints against you!"

The envoys from the three other territories: "..."

After saying that, the little demon courier tsked before it directly slammed the door and left.

In that moment, the three envoys couldn't be any more enraged.

Daoist Horse Face trembled with fury. "Wen He, don't go too far! If you dare, let's go out and fight one on one! I guarantee on my honor as a demon that Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle won't interfere in our duel!"

But right after Daoist Horse Face said this, the window of the peace consulate was lit up by a mysterious green light.

Elder Wen: "???"

The envoys from the three other territories: "???"

What was going on?

Right at that moment!

All of a sudden...

With an explosive bang!

A beam of spirit light directly broke through the window...

It directly and ruthlessly hit Daoist Horse Face in the face, knocking it so out of shape that even several of his teeth were crushed.

Everyone gazed at this scene with stunned and pale faces.

Because it was a wrathful flying kick...

From a green-furred dog...





Chapter 586 Are You Stupid Or What?


Er Ha's attack was so fast that no one could react. From when the mysterious green light appeared on the horizon to Er Ha breaking the window with a flying kick, everything happened in less than a second.

Everyone in the peace consulate was dumbfounded by this scene, since no one could have foreseen something like this happening at this time.

This was a violent strike from Er Ha, bolstered by how enraged it was. While the flying kick wasn't boosted by the power of Sword Dao, Er Ha had put one hundred percent of its strength into it. Along with the "for every action, there's an opposite reaction" effect of the golden light shield, there was double the recoil strength in Er Ha's violent kick, which made it especially ferocious.

Caught off guard, Daoist Horse Face directly saw stars and was muddleheaded after getting kicked.

The peace consulate had been built with special materials, but this green-furred dog from who knew where had unexpectedly broken the window and kicked Daoist Horse Face in the face hard enough to maim him - this was enough to show how much force it had!

This force directly sent Daoist Horse Face flying like a scarecrow, and he smashed through several walls inside the peace consulate until finally hitting the last one.

There was a Daoist Horse Face-shaped hole in the wall, with web-like cracks radiating out around it.

On the side, both Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle were pale with fright as they hurried over to check Daoist Horse Face's injury. In the end, they were even more shocked.

It was just one kick, but it had been enough to give Daoist Horse Face an internal injury.

He sprayed out a mouthful of purple blood and stood up from the wall, supported by Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle. His legs were trembling, not from that heavy strike just now which had rendered him unable to stand, but because when Er Ha's leg had made contact with him just now, his soul had directly drowned in oppressive strength and couldn't help shivering.

What kind of divine saint was this green-furred dog?

It was too terrifying!

"What on earth... what's going on?" Daoist Horse Face swayed as he stood up from the floor. Blood trickled out of the corners of his mouth. Just one kick had actually shaken his jade palace1.

1(A meridian in the kidneys..) When he came back to his senses and saw the green-furred dog in front of Elder Wen, he almost instantly flew into a rage. "How dare you, demon dog! How can you do as you please in the peace consulate?"

In the next moment, he took up a stance as he prepared to unleash his demon energy, but Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle on the side stopped him. "Brother Horse Face, don't! Demon Saint's restriction is on the peace consulate!"

It was a pity that Daoist Horse Face was so infuriated in that moment and the only thing he wanted to do was regain face.

"This brazen demon dog used a powerful strike just now - even then, it didn't set off Demon Saint's restriction. This is proof enough that it doesn't exist at all! It's just a bluff! We've been fooled!" After saying that, he shook off their advice and struggled free of their arms.

In the next moment, he released his demon energy at maximum strength. It was an extremely terrifying blend of several demon spells. With a surge of unrestrained powerful energy, he stretched out one palm toward Er Ha and Elder Wen behind it.

"Be careful... This palm is very powerful!" Elder Wen paled with fear. He had utterly no idea where this dog had come from, but for some reason it felt familiar.

So weak...

However, Er Ha thought nothing of this palm at all. With the protection of the golden light shield, it didn't even think it needed to do anything special to parry it; it was enough to rely solely on the golden light shield to block it.

The strength of a mere territory envoy was at the very most on the level of a demon king, while Little Master Ling's golden light shield could perfectly withstand a hit even from a Venerated Immortal!

So when Daoist Horse Face attacked with his palm, the expression on Er Ha's face was very contemptuous because it knew very well that ultimately, it would be Daoist Horse Face who would be facing the consequences of his own action with this palm.

But halfway through Daoist Horse Face's strike, before he could stop -

At that moment, the other two envoys, Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle, as well as Er Ha and Elder Wen, suddenly looked up at the sky. Even Daoist Horse Face ceased his attack, as if he had sensed something, and his expression changed dramatically!

"Rumble!"

An indescribably intimidating aura spread out from the direction of the holy pillar in the center of the demon world; it was as if a pair of tightly shut eyes in the highest heaven were opening!

This immensely powerful aura was followed by formidable pressure which forced the three envoys and Elder Wen to their knees. Only Er Ha, who was covered in the golden light shield, remained unaffected.

Nevertheless, Er Ha could still sense how fierce this aura was...

There was no mistake.

This was Demon Saint's aura!

Even demon gods could only kneel and bow their heads before Demon Saint, let alone the envoys present. In a flash, the envoys and Elder Wen were brought to their knees by this massive force and every single one of them could feel how tiny they were, like a bunch of ants in the ocean! How immeasurably small!

After several seconds of this powerful oppressive force, Daoist Witch Demon, Daoist Bronze Turtle as well as Elder Wen then felt it ease up, and one by one they got to their feet.

Demon Saint's aura disappeared off of their bodies.

But there was still one person lying on the floor in the peace consulate.

It was none other than Daoist Horse Face who had been the first to use demon magic in the peace consulate.

He couldn't feel more regretful than in that moment. He was a grand envoy of one of the territories, with a rank more revered than that of a demon king, but he was now twitching uncontrollably on the floor as the fear of death caused his snot and tears to flow...

This was the terrifying but hopeless reality...

The rumor that Demon Saint had set a restriction on the peace consulate was unexpectedly true.

No one had dared to cross this line before, and in the long history of the demon world, Daoist Horse Face had become the first to do so.

Staring at the sky, Er Ha was unaffected by Demon Saint's pressure, but it could still feel Demon Saint's aura lift off of its body. Against expectations, Er Ha never thought that this Demon Saint would actually act justly!

So at that moment, the only person to suffer in the peace consulate was Daoist Horse Face alone.

Lying prone without the least bit of dignity, he was pressed into the floor like a dead fish. The massive pressure had already deformed his face and body, yet the force of Demon Saint's punishment still continued to increase.

Daoist Horse Face snarled painfully, "This is bullshit! Bullshit! Why! Why doesn't the restriction apply to this demon dog?"

"Because I, this father, am a spirit beast!"

Er Ha looked at him sagely. "Are you stupid or what?!"

The envoys from the other three territories: "..."

Elder Wen: "..."





Chapter 587 Demon Saint Is An Astute Person


After Er Ha said this, the envoys from the other three territories and Elder Wen on the side were stupefied.

A spirit beast...

They had actually overlooked this point!

This dog's fur was such a strange color, as if it had been poisoned, but it was actually a spirit beast?

The three envoys found it a little hard to believe. But when Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle used their senses to feel this dog out, both of them couldn't help looking shaken; the spirit energy which this dog had was so pure it was scary. Plenty of Soul Formation cultivators had intruded into the demon world over the years, and their strength was on par with demon kings. However, none of them had spirit energy as scarily refined as this dog.

And what was even more frightening was the golden light shield wrapped around Er Ha.

So here was the question: Where did this golden light shield come from? Did this dog create it itself? Only a Sage Body had this kind of power...

"What on earth is this dog?" Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle were scared at this sight, but very quickly they realized that this wasn't the main issue.

The main issue was that Demon Saint's restriction punishment was about to descend.

No one had ever truly seen what it was like.

Daoist Horse Face could still talk earlier, but after a few seconds, he couldn't even open his mouth anymore as his entire face was bent out of shape.

Although Demon Saint had withdrawn the pressure on the others and was only punishing the person who had violated the rule, Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle could still feel the surge of that overwhelming stately power in the air; it was an endless spiritual oppression which engulfed the whole scene, as if it was going to sweep everything away.

"Demon Saint... is really mad..."

Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle couldn't help trembling. They were terrified when they looked at Daoist Horse Face lying on the floor, his face so twisted it was starting to look like a Picasso. They could in fact see that he was crying for help as well as the despair in his eyes.

"Lord Demon Saint, please calm down. Fellow Horse Face didn't break the peace consulate's rule on purpose, he doesn't deserve to die for it!" Daoist Witch Demon thought quickly and sent up a pray to Demon Saint for mercy.

"That's right, it's all the fault of this foreign dog! Lord Demon Saint, please reconsider!" Daoist Bronze Turtle on the side copied Daoist Witch Demon.

All of a sudden, Demon Saint's hollow voice reverberated in the air as it came from some unknown direction and lingered like an echo in the ears. "The disobedient should die."

Daoist Witch Demon quivered.

Getting a grip on his intense fear, he continued to plead for leniency. "Is... is there an alternative to this punishment?"

"There is."

Demon Saint's voice rang out all around them once more. "The two of you, die in his place."

At these words, Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle immediately stepped back and bowed to the sky with their hands clasped in front of them. "Lord Demon Saint, please execute Horse Face this renegade at once!"

Daoist Horse Face: "???"

After saying that, intangible stately power fell directly on Daoist Horse Face, who lay thoroughly deformed on the floor. His entire body twisted up completely before he directly turned into demon sand on the spot and abruptly perished.

Demon sand was a substance that formed only after a demon's corpse was incinerated, like bone ash. Who could have imagined that before the power of Demon Saint's restriction, a territory envoy with strength on par with a demon king would be directly turned into sand without even leaving a body behind, every last part of it annihilated.

Every single person who saw this scene in the peace consulate, including Er Ha, was utterly horrified. No one had truly ever seen what Demon Saint's restriction punishment was like.

Now everyone knew...

This was power which they couldn't fight against at all.

...

Neither Daoist Witch Demon nor Daoist Bronze Turtle had expected this situation. They didn't know whether they should be shocked or glad; Demon Saint's restriction was too powerful, but it hadn't fallen on them. If they had disobeyed Demon Saint's will, they would definitely have ended up like Daoist Horse Face!

But the thing that frightened them the most was how decisive and cold-blooded Demon Saint was; this was the strength of the absolute ruler of the current demon world, and no one was allowed to go against his will.

A demon god might not be able to survive this restriction, let alone a territory envoy!

Daoist Horse Face had died such an unjust and miserable death!

Er Ha gazed at the demon sand and gave a sigh. In truth, as a civil servant of the demon world, Daoist Horse Face's efforts might not necessarily have borne fruit even if he worked for all his life. Dying like this in fact wasn't a bad end; at the very least, his name would go down in the history of the demon world...

Perhaps in a month or two, Daoist Horse Face's portrait would be printed in the history textbooks of the demon world...

It would say: A practicing civil servant of one of the major demon territories, and the first person in the history of the demon world to verify the existence of Demon Saint's restriction on the peace consulate by knowingly violating the rule: Daoist Horse Face.

"Daoist Witch Demon, Daoist Bronze Turtle, how about we stop here for today? Why don't the both of you go back first and take Daoist Horse Face's demon sand with you; it'll be best to sort that out first before you come back here again. It's still warm now, it won't be good if you wait until it gets cold." Er Ha blushed with shame in its heart at Elder Wen's "kind reminder"; he was still as poison-tongued and merciless as always!

Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle were infuriated; they naturally just couldn't leave things as they were - they had lost an important general!

In the previous 3v1 situation, they had actually been very confident that they could capture Elder Wen. But who knew when Elder Wen had started "colluding" with this green-furred dog that had shown up. Furthermore, Daoist Horse Face had been struck dead by Demon Saint's restriction, so the situation had become much more complicated!

And crucially, deep down, they could still sense Demon Saint's pressure...

Perhaps, he was still monitoring the situation...

Since the restriction did indeed exist, there was no way they would start a fight in the peace consulate.

At that moment, Daoist Bronze Turtle suddenly thought of something: Maybe they could eliminate this green-furred dog first through Demon Saint!

At this thought, he looked up at the sky and beseeched, "Lord Demon Saint! Are you still here? Elder Wen He of the Tuntian Ha clan in the eastern territory is colluding with a spirit beast! We came here to uphold justice and peace and never intended to personally start a fight! Lord Demon Saint, please drive off this foreign spirit dog!"

The corners of Er Ha's and Elder Wen's mouths twitched when they heard this: They came to uphold justice and peace...

This guy still had the nerve to say such a thing?!

After Daoist Bronze Turtle said this, Demon Saint's voice sounded: "Deal with private matters yourself..."

Roughly two minutes passed.

Demon Saint's voice rang out again. Short and succinct, he simply said four words: "Not my damn business."

Both Er Ha and Elder Wen were taken aback - this Demon Saint was an astute person!





Chapter 588 Ling Zhenren's Gaze


About ten minutes ago.

Wang Ling glanced at the time; it was close to half an hour since Er Ha had returned to the demon world, and he didn't know whether things were going smoothly for Er Ha.

Although Er Ha had the golden light shield buff, Wang Ling was still a little worried. There were too many uncertainties in the demon world. Especially after learning about Demon Saint in Lao Gudong's history class, Wang Ling had had a bad feeling.

At this thought, Wang Ling went over to Lord Ma right away. At a crook of his finger, the toilet lid opened. At Wang Ling's telepathic command, Lord Ma directly projected an image of Er Ha in the demon world in the air.

Wang Ling just so happened to see Er Ha give Daoist Horse Face a flying kick in the forehead.

Daoist Horse Face flew into a rage and was prepared to strike back. But just as he charged forward, in the peace consulate, everyone's expressions changed as if they had seen something frightening. One by one, they lifted their heads to look to the horizon.

Wang Ling opened the water tank behind Lord Ma and observed the change in water level. Not only did Lord Ma have the ability to transport someone, it could project an image of the person in question as well as detect the pressure surrounding them.

And the water level in Lord Ma's water tank changed in response to the pressure in Er Ha's surrounding environment.

When Wang Ling opened the water tank, he found that the water level was fast approaching the critical point, which had never happened before.

To be able to discharge such an oppressive force, it was extremely likely that this person was a True Immortal. Furthermore, Wang Ling speculated that the source of this pressure wasn't ordinary and that it was this "Daoist Horse Face" who had triggered some restriction.

The result was as Wang Ling expected. Several minutes later, he watched indifferently as Daoist Horse Face was killed by this demon world restriction and reduced to demon sand.

There was no mistake.

This was without doubt Demon Saint's oppressive force, which was something Wang Ling had also determined from the conversation the people were having at the scene.

After that Daoist Horse Face's death, the other two territory envoys immediately made a request of Demon Saint in the hope that he would eliminate Er Ha, which made Wang Ling's expression change slightly... If they wanted to beat a dog, they needed to know who its owner was first!

"Look for the source of Demon Saint's restriction," Wang Ling said telepathically to Lord Ma.

"Understood." Lord Ma obeyed immediately. This type of thing was in fact too easy for Lord Ma to do; this was a type of major reverse tracking spell, and among all the gremlins in the villa, only Lord Ma had this ability.

It didn't take long at all for Lord Ma to lock onto Demon Saint's location. From Lord Ma's image projection, Wang Ling could see a towering pillar like the Sea-Stabilizing Needle 1 piercing the clouds above. The entire pillar was engraved with odd designs that were so refined it was as if they had been supernaturally crafted. This had to be the legendary Holy Pillar where Demon Saint lived, in the center of the demon world.

1(Later known as the Golden Cudgel, this is the Monkey King's weapon in "Journey to The West .. ") On the very top of the Holy Pillar, Wang Ling saw a blue-skinned fatty looking down. He was wearing navy blue Daoist robes and had a magic staff grasped in one hand. His skin was covered in fish scales that glittered brightly.

"..."

Wang Ling never expected the legendary Demon Saint to truly be a merman!

From the projection, he saw Demon Saint ponder Daoist Bronze Turtle and Daoist Witch Demon's request, the magic staff in his hand.

This magic staff's origin wasn't simple, and with one glance, Wang Ling could tell that it was a world-defying magic weapon which could control the overall situation in the demon world. It was this magic staff that had triggered Demon Saint's restriction to directly destroy Daoist Horse Face.

"Warn him." Wang Ling spoke telepathically as he gave Lord Ma the command.

Right after Wang Ling said that, Lord Ma directly manipulated its power to create a golden cloud in front of Demon Saint who was still in deep thought.

This was a golden cloud produced by a tremendous amount of spirit power.

On the Holy Pillar, Demon Saint was flabbergasted. There were fully ninety thousand barriers from the demon territories at the bottom up to the pinnacle! Moreover, the space at the top of the Holy Pillar was sealed off; even telepathy wouldn't work there, let alone space transference, and any magic under grade ten would be no use at all.

What was going on with this golden cloud?

Demon Saint was blank. He waved the magic staff and tried launching a probing attack when the golden cloud created by Lord Ma promptly struck back and the hand holding the magic staff instantly turned numb as if it had been electrocuted.

Demon Saint immediately broke out in a cold sweat.

He was now one hundred percent sure that this golden cloud was at the very least a grade eleven spell.

Good thing he had held back just now and hadn't used all his strength to drive this cloud away, otherwise he truly would have been on the brink of courting death.

But... what on earth was this golden cloud which had suddenly appeared?

Demon Saint was stupefied.

Several dozen seconds later, Lord Ma's voice came out of the golden cloud.

Lord Ma proclaimed Wang Ling's will. "I serve the Supreme King, and am here to advise thee to stay your hand, otherwise today will be the day of thy death."

The truth was, this golden cloud wasn't anything special in Wang Ling's eyes; it was just a very simple grade twelve telepathy spell.

But at Lord Ma's words, cold sweat instantly ran down this merman Demon Saint's face.

The penetrating pressure of this voice was too frightening.

A simple sentence almost directly sent Demon Saint to his knees.

He was a peak True Immortal! He wielded the power of the Holy Pillar and behind him was all the power of the demon world. He was vastly different from regular peak True Immortals; he was a figure who stood for the will of the entire demon world!

Usually, the power of an entire world's will was on par with ten Heavenly Dao!

However, he couldn't help trembling at the voice that came out of this golden cloud.

The Supreme King...

Who on earth was that?

Demon Saint struggled to rein in his terror as he looked at the golden cloud. "May I ask which divine saint senior is?"

Lord Ma: "The Supreme King declines to speak with you. You are still not worthy enough."

But after Lord Ma said this, an image was suddenly reflected on this golden cloud... It was a pair of eyes! Ling Zhenren was gazing at him!

Clatter ...

Demon Saint was so frightened he dropped the magic staff in his hand!

Between the strong, there were times when they didn't rely on just aura to determine the gap in power; there were times when eye contact was a more direct way to do so.

The moment their eyes met, Demon Saint could already sense the huge difference in strength...

He was so frightened he went soft at the knees!

He wasn't a fool and could more or less guess who this "senior" was.

Perhaps this was the owner of that green-furred spirit dog down below.

A wise man submitted to circumstances, and Demon Saint was an astute man.

This person was more powerful than he was, and he definitely couldn't provoke him. Otherwise, the demon world might fall into eternal damnation...

So after some quick consideration, Demon Saint made his own decision.

He sent a reply to Daoist Bronze Turtle and Daoist Witch Demon down below.

The first sentence was: Deal with private matters yourself.

The second sentence was: Not my damn business...





Chapter 589 I Am the Supreme King's...


Demon Saint's decisive response was unexpected, but Wang Ling was very satisfied - he wouldn't need to handle the matter himself, at least.

He didn't want to get involved in the affairs of the demon world. Although humans had been studying the demon world all these years, to the extent of trying to uncover information on the Holy Pillar and Demon Saint, all of this was too troublesome. Wang Ling didn't want to be involved nor did he care; there was no way he was someone well-meaning enough to supply state organizations with intelligence on the demon world.

Previously, it was because of that inner demon, that had split off from Immortal Zhenyuan, causing mischief that the Gate Between Worlds had unrestrainedly landed in the human world several times, causing misunderstandings between both worlds and even resulting in war.

But after coming in contact with this Demon Saint, Wang Ling now suddenly realized that this leader of the demon world didn't seem as unfeeling and ruthless as people had described him. It was the exact opposite: this was a person who abided by the rules and who was scrupulous in his duty; even a territory envoy of the demon world who had violated the rules wasn't exempted from Demon Saint's punishment.

To be frank, Wang Ling felt that this merman Demon Saint knew how to separate his personal matters from public ones...

On this side, after Demon Saint refused Daoist Bronze Turtle's request, he felt his body lighten as the pressure that had stuck to him earlier disappeared.

It looked like this Lord "Supreme King" had indeed come because of this matter and seemed quite satisfied with the way Demon Saint had handled it.

"Mm, the Supreme King feels you have done well. It'll be fine as long as you don't interfere."

Lord Ma's voice came through the golden cloud again as it conveyed Wang Ling's thoughts.

As long as Demon Saint didn't interfere, Wang Ling wasn't bothered with anything else. It was just that Demon Saint was too powerful, and if his restriction deliberately fell on Er Ha, that golden light shield that had been cast across space wouldn't be able to hold up for very long without Wang Ling around.

But now that Demon Saint had very wisely reined himself in, Wang Ling naturally didn't want to bother anymore.

It would be fine to leave it to Er Ha to handle the rest itself. Wang Ling didn't want to steal its limelight when it was protecting its family, nor would he get Demon Saint to help Er Ha punish those detestable territory demon gods.

From the start, Er Ha had come here with the intention of ending everything. When there was a beginning, there was an end; if Er Ha didn't resolve this with its own paws, it might never be able to enjoy its dog food ever again...

On the other side, merman Demon Saint collected his wits about him and then looked at the golden cloud in the air. "May I ask, Senior Golden Cloud, which divine saint are you?" He hadn't received a response earlier to his inquiry about Wang Ling's identity, so now he wanted to take a step back and ask who on earth this person who relayed the king's will was.

In truth, even Demon Saint himself never thought that there was such a frightening existence in this world...

The other party might have already surpassed a True Immortal and might even be a Venerated Immortal. Currently, Demon Saint's preliminary guess was that this senior had to be an alien from outside the Milky Way... How could there be anyone with this sort of strength in today's world of human cultivators?

After obtaining Wang Ling's permission, Lord Ma answered Demon Saint's question very politely, "I serve the Supreme King... I am the Supreme King's..."

At this point, Demon Saint raised his head, reverence in his eyes.

Lord Ma: "I am the Supreme King's toilet..."

Demon Saint: "..."

...

There was karma in all things.

For the rest of their lives, Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle might never know that the real reason Demon Saint had refused their request so decisively was because of a single gaze from Ling Zhenren.

Unexpectedly, Demon Saint hadn't taken action, which was also something Elder Wen hadn't foreseen. But after all, this was the first time everyone here had come into contact with Demon Saint, and no one knew the reason for his rejection.

As the top-ranking leader of the demon world, the reason for whether he would make a move or not were oftimes very simple.

Ultimately, Daoist Bronze Turtle and Daoist Witch Demon could only blame themselves. Perhaps they hadn't used a fervent enough tone and Demon Saint hadn't been able to feel their sincerity, thus giving him the impression that he was just being used as a "gun."

When all was said and done, they still had to rely on themselves in the end.

"There's no need for Brother Dog to do all this for me..." Elder Wen's words were actually also a feeler as he wanted to know Er Ha's true identity. He was convinced he had never seen this green-furred dog before, but somehow it felt familiar. If it really was just a dog passing by on the road who had come to his aid after seeing injustice being done, to go this far was still too excessive.

Furthermore, this wasn't some random main road; this was the peace consulate located on the border between two territories. Most importantly, this dog didn't belong to a demon clan, but was a spirit dog!

Thus, Er Ha's actions were even more incomprehensible to Elder Wen.

...

"Let's go outside and fight it out." Er Ha gazed at the two envoys.

"You, one dog, against us?" Daoist Bronze Turtle and Daoist Witch Demon looked at each other in dismay.

"I, this dog, will be enough."

Elder Wen: "..."

Done speaking, Er Ha then opened the door itself, and when it was leaving, it even turned to look at Elder Wen in passing. "Wait here for me, I'll explain everything after I've gotten rid of these two."

Elder Wen: "..."

Er Ha was extremely glad for the protection of this peace consulate safe zone, otherwise it would be distracted by the need to safeguard Elder Wen.

"You're looking for death."

The two envoys gnashed their teeth; this dog was too much! It was too overconfident! They were the envoys of two territories, on par with, maybe even above a demon king... a mere dog that had yet to obtain a human form - where did its courage come from?

After the two men and the dog went outside, Daoist Bronze Turtle and Daoist Witch Demon could no longer hold back the flames of fury in their hearts. "Fellow Bronze Turtle, let's work together and use long-range magic to break this dog's golden light shield!"

Their line of thinking in battle was very clear; they were obviously veterans who had experienced much and clearly knew how the golden light shield worked: once it was destroyed, it was very hard to rebuild it again in a short time. Also, in order not to suffer the backlash from the power of the golden light shield, using a long-range magic attack was an exceptionally good choice.

But the issue was that this was Little Master Ling's golden light shield; how could it be destroyed so easily?

Er Ha thus didn't care at all what kind of tactic these two people were going to use; in any case, it just needed to stick it to them and beat them up!

" Awuu !" At this thought, Er Ha leapt up and directly pulled the Bone King out of its mouth, and the Bone King instantly transformed into boxing gloves which Er Ha put on over its dog paws. It then unleashed the first and second forms of the Basic Dog Skills on Daoist Witch Demon.

Elder Wen was watching this scene, and while Er Ha's offensive strike was very fierce, what Elder Wen paid attention to wasn't the Basic Dog Skills but the spell that Er Ha had used to take out that emerald bone staff.

There was no way he had seen wrong.

That was the Toad clan's Space Swallowing Spell.





Chapter 590 Daoist Bronze Turtle Fails to Keep His Human Form


The Toad clan's Swallowing Spell wasn't a complex one and was actually a common demon technique in the demon world. It could be performed ordinarily whether with demon energy or spirit energy as an energy source. There were very few demon spells like this, but the Toad clan's Swallowing Spell was one of them.

The Swallowing Spell wasn't complicated to learn, and many of the junior clan members would have already mastered it at a young age. But this very spell was a secret that was passed down in the clan and which seldom fell into the hands of outsiders.

So when Er Ha took out the Bone King, Elder Wen's mind almost went blank in an instant.

Earlier, he had already felt that there was something familiar about this green-furred dog...

Could it be...

Eyes fixed on Er Ha's back, he suddenly made a bold guess in that moment.

...

As a territory envoy, Daoist Witch Demon was Ghost Emperor of the South's capable subordinate, and was a little stronger than a regular demon king. When all was said and done, he was a demon clan envoy of one of the four inner territories, so his actual combat strength wouldn't be weak.

Also, as a member of the Ghost clan, he had a natural immunity to physical damage; normal physical attacks had no effect on him. This was even more true for Daoist Bronze Turtle — the innate Turtle Shield of the Turtle clan could massively reduce physical damage.

Er Ha was well aware of this, which was why it had taken out the Bone King at the start, in order to fuse the power of Sword Dao with the transformed Bone King boxing gloves. It used the power of Sword Dao to turn them into spiky boxing gloves in order to deal with the two territory envoys.

After breaking in the Bone King, Er Ha was now in fact increasingly proficient at using its boxing skills.

Seeing this green-furred dog unexpectedly launch such a fierce close-range attack from the start, both Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle were startled.

Daoist Witch Demon: "Fellow Bronze Turtle, help me block the attack! I'll summon the demon army!"

Summoning a demon army took time and Daoist Witch Demon couldn't be interrupted. But in order to destroy Er Ha's golden light shield, the only choice was to use a longe-range spell.

"No problem, Fellow Witch Demon, I'll hold it off!"

Daoist Bronze Turtle acquiesced as he stepped forward to ward off the attack. His entire body gave off a sinister black and blue demon light which transformed into chainmail that contained an unusually large amount of demon power.

Inside the peace consulate, Elder Wen's expression abruptly changed. This was the Turtle clan's secret art, the "Turtle Shield Spell," which was exceptionally physically resistant; a mere physical spirit technique likely wouldn't be of any use against it.

At that moment, Daoist Bronze Turtle alone stood at the very front as a block while behind him, Daoist Witch Demon summoned a ghost army with magic. Daoist Bronze Turtle completely didn't dare to launch an attack for fear of suffering the backlash from the golden light shield on Er Ha. However, this was exactly what Er Ha wanted; it was actually meaningless to do nothing more than guard against it when it was boosted by the power of Sword Dao.

"Demon dog, don't be too arrogant!" Daoist Bronze Turtle tsked. He was extremely confident in his Turtle Shield Spell. There was a time when the Turtle clan had won many battles with this impregnable defense.

In the four large territories, Turtle Devil of the North was renowned for this Turtle Shield Spell, which he had tempered into the Grand Turtle Shield Spell. It could withstand not just physical attacks but also magic attacks! While Turtle Devil wasn't strong in offense, his formidable defense had at one time caused his adversaries to sustain major losses.

He was now a demon god, and he had encountered many opponents who had eventually died under this powerful Grand Turtle Shield Magic.

Ever since Turtle Devil of the North succeeded the position of demon god of one of the four inner territories, all the different species in the Turtle clan had started to study how the Turtle Shield Spell worked, and this was already the first thing a Turtle clan demon beast learned after it was born. More and more of the younger demons of the Turtle clan now would have already mastered the essence of this spell at an early age.

Daoist Bronze Turtle admitted that his Turtle Shield Spell was nowhere as formidable as Turtle Devil's, but as a territory envoy, his Turtle Shield Spell was already second to none at his current realm; after another one hundred years of refinement, there would be absolutely no problem transforming it into the Grand Turtle Shield Spell.

Everything had happened in a few short seconds.

The moment Daoist Bronze Turtle roared and created the chainmail with the Turtle Shield Spell, over one hundred of Er Ha's shadow fists rained down on him like a hail of bullets.

He sneered at Er Ha's attack; regular punches would have no effect on his chainmail at all. But as the one hundred punches of these Basic Dog Skills continued to rain down on him, Daoist Bronze Turtle's expression changed.

"What's going on?!"

He was stunned when he noticed that some cracks had unexpectedly started to appear under the powerful bombardment of these punches!

That had never happened before!

Seeing that the power of Sword Dao was working, Er Ha completely stopped holding back. Now that it was combined with the Bone King's strength, Er Ha's power of Sword Dao was already starting to take on a fledgling shape. Daoist Bronze Turtle was already able to sense something when Er Ha drew closer... it was as if the space around this strange green-furred dog had turned into a strange gravitational field that was pulling Daoist Bronze Turtle in. It felt like his body was being inexorably dragged forward.

At that very moment, he felt like he was a ten thousand-jin weight being moved by a very strong gravitational force which pulled at him incessantly, causing him to create deep furrows in the ground as he plowed forward.

A completely nude green-furred dog was crazily waving a pair of emerald green spiky boxing gloves around. Er Ha could clearly feel that it had grasped more of the power of Sword Dao compared with before; it had already mastered seventy percent of it! This meant that it had already mastered most of the ten-meter Sword Dao!

Under the bombardment of Er Ha's punches which had the power of Sword Dao mixed into it, the cracks in Daoist Bronze Turtle's chainmail were increasing...

"The last strike!"

Er Ha snarled.

It put all its strength into one last punch, and the power of Sword Dao directly penetrated the chainmail!

When the invisible Heavenly Dao power invaded Daoist Bronze Turtle's body, he couldn't hold on to his human form any longer and his face directly turned into ****...

Then, blood sprayed out of his nose!

He was directly sent flying by this punch!

Elder Wen was dumbstruck.

Er Ha's strength was beyond his imagination.

With a mere boxing technique, it had actually dealt the Turtle clan territory envoy, who had been fully confident in his defense, severe internal injury!

"Fellow Bronze Turtle!" Behind him, Daoist Witch Demon grit his teeth.

He hadn't expected this green-furred dog's attack to be so powerful either; he could clearly sense that Daoist Bronze Turtle's aura had weakened - he might not be able to take it if the other party used the same attack again.

Daoist Bronze Turtle struggled as he lifted himself up, and he spat out blood as he knelt on the ground. There was extreme terror on his face and even the way he looked at Er Ha had changed.

Although it was hard to believe...

Just now, in this unknown green-furred dog's punches, Daoist Bronze Turtle had indeed sensed... a Heavenly Dao aura.

How could that be?





Chapter 591 The Smackdown Is Just Starting...


The truth was that from the moment Er Ha exhibited the Basic Dog Skills, Daoist Bronze Turtle had already sensed a power that seemed to be Heavenly Dao, but he hadn't dared confirm it. It was only when those hundreds of punches had fallen like meteors on his Turtle Shield Spell chainmail that he revealed a disbelieving expression.

The power of Heavenly Dao mixed into this boxing technique had directly shattered his chainmail and passed through his body... It was only because this power of Heavenly Dao wasn't at maximum strength that Daoist Bronze Turtle hadn't died!

Daoist Bronze Turtle was in fact right. At present, Er Ha could only exert seventy percent of its power at the most, and still needed to rely on the Bone King. If it could rely on its own strength to exhibit the full ten layers of the power of Sword Dao like Evil Sword God, Daoist Bronze Turtle would have been long dead.

"Fellow Witch Demon! Let's retreat for now... There's something wrong with this green-furred dog!"

Daoist Bronze Turtle had a vague sense that something wasn't right. This was clearly a spirit dog that couldn't yet transform, but it actually had the power of Heavenly Dao in its body? Obviously, either the dog was abnormal or its owner wasn't simple...

Daoist Bronze Turtle, who had calmed down after being pierced by Er Ha's power of Heavenly Dao, could only think of these two possibilities. However, Daoist Witch Demon had already accumulated enough power and wasn't prepared to abandon it at that moment. "Don't be afraid, Fellow Bronze Turtle, come behind me! I'll make this green-furred dog pay for your injury several dozen times over!"

Daoist Witch Demon wouldn't be dissuaded at all. When Daoist Bronze Turtle had been blocking Er Ha's attack, he had already set up the ghost flags and put down a large array on the ground.

He roared at that moment, and the instant he formed a hand seal, endless black clouds surged forth in the sky like a sea, bringing with them a great sense of oppression.

Elder Wen was indescribably shocked. This kind of ghost army wasn't something Daoist Witch Demon could summon by himself... The ghost flags he had planted in the ground had most likely been combined with the power of Ghost Emperor of the South!

Each one of these ghost soldiers would be close to the Nascent Soul stage, while a ghost general was on the level of a demon king... But the issue was that there were too many ghost soldiers and ghost generals! It wasn't just ten or twenty of them, as their numbers continued to grow in that black sea of billowing clouds.

"Brother Dog, you have to destroy the Ghost Gathering Array!" Elder Wen warned from the peace consulate. Currently, Daoist Bronze Turtle was already severely wounded. If Elder Wen went out to help this Brother Dog, they would definitely have the upper hand in this situation.

But Elder Wen was afraid that these two crafty people might have other tricks up their sleeves. The Toad clan had many attack spells, mainly for support and defense, and most of them were binding spells. The Toad clan was thus usually pretty weak against opponents with long-range attack abilities. It wasn't that Elder Wen didn't want to go out, but he was afraid that if he was rash, he might get in the way instead.

Looking at the current situation at least, even without him, this Brother Dog seemed to have the upper hand.

Elder Wen had already decided in his heart, if the other side launched some finishing move, he would instantly rush out and do his best to block it for this righteous Brother Dog and help give it time to escape.

Among the other three territory envoys, Daoist Witch Demon had always been the most troublesome one.

"Generals and soldiers, listen up: tear that green-furred stray dog up ahead into pieces!" Daoist Witch Demon guarded the ghost array which he had set up. In his hand was a very small ghost flag which was the vital key for commanding the ghost generals and ghost soldiers produced in the sky after the entire ghost array was set up.

This feeling of resentment was so strong that even though the ghost generals and the ghost soldiers in the sky were tens of thousands of feet away from Er Ha, its spirit still felt like it was being heavily stifled.

This was something that the golden light shield couldn't protect against; it could stop these evil spirits from invading its body, but it couldn't stop this type of pressure on the spirit.

Er Ha clenched its teeth. It had to deal with Daoist Witch Demon even quicker than it had with Daoist Bronze Turtle. The number of ghost generals and ghost soldiers could still be counted for now, but if this fight dragged on, tens of thousands of these ghost generals and ghost soldiers would rush down together, and Er Ha wouldn't be able to take care of all of them.

"Kill..."

The dense mass of evil ghosts cried and shrieked furiously, the ear-piercing sound shaking heaven and earth.

Er Ha was gathering power.

Its boxing gloves were suddenly densely covered with spikes as it exhibited the fullest extent of the strength of the ten-meter Sword Dao which it was capable of!

"It's no use, mongrel." Daoist Witch Demon sneered. "These ghost generals and ghost soldiers have the power of Ghost Emperor of the South; with your strength, there's no way you can block the power of a demon god. Your ugly boxing skills won't work on my ghost generals and ghost soldiers."

As soon as Daoist Witch Demon said this, two ghost soldiers from the left and the right rushed at the green-furred dog in front at the same time.

Er Ha's movements were very swift and it unexpectedly dodged this pincer attack by the two ghost soldiers at a tricky angle.

Its quick response was thanks to its previous training with Sheep and Jingke. In Er Ha's view, these ghost soldiers were really clumsy; they were slower than Sheep and weaker than Jingke.

Er Ha sucked in a deep breath, took a tape recorder out of its mouth, and started to play "Dragon Fist"...

My right paw opens the heavens and I turn into a dog; Move the mountains and rivers again and level chasms 1 ...

1(Adapted from the song 'Dragon Fist" by Jay Chou..) "Oula oula oula oula!!!

"Oh, hit, hit, hit, hit, hit..."

The more Er Ha performed the Basic Dog Skills, the quicker it became. The instant the ghost soldiers swooping down from the sky touched these shadow fists, they straightaway cried out in fear and were actually torn apart!

"How can this be?"

Daoist Witch Demon watched this scene in disbelief.

"There's definitely no mistake... Fellow Witch Demon! This mongrel has the power of Heavenly Dao in its body!" Daoist Bronze Turtle struggled to prop himself up. He had already used several self-healing spells in succession, but they didn't have the least bit of effect on his internal injuries, which was enough proof that this was the power of Heavenly Dao.

After being hit by the power of Heavenly Dao, it was absurd to try and rely on self-healing spells to heal yourself within a short period of time.

"How can a mongrel which still can't transform have the power of Heavenly Dao?" Daoist Witch Demon felt a little weak.

Daoist Bronze Turtle: "That's what's strange... Fellow Witch Demon, I still think it would be better for us to retreat first!"

"Retreat?"

The truth was that Daoist Witch Demon had never thought about retreating at all.

They were envoys of two main demon territories, respected beyond measure.

But they were actually helpless in the face of this green-furred dog.

He clenched his teeth. "No matter what, at the very least, we should destroy its golden light shield and take it down a peg or two!"

But just when Daoist Witch Demon was about to have the ghost generals and the ghost soldiers launch the next round of attacks on Er Ha, Er Ha suddenly stopped.

Because at that moment, it suddenly occurred to Er Ha that it in fact didn't have to do everything by itself at all...

Didn't Zhenyuan that guy give it a main immortal seal?! Er Ha still hadn't used it even once!

Thinking of trying it out, Er Ha spat the main immortal seal out from its mouth.

The moment it injected spirit energy into it -

A pure and holy angelic-looking light appeared in the sky!

Then... the ghost generals and the ghost soldiers which filled the sky were directly dispersed!

With this pure and holy light fell the figure of a red-haired young man...





Chapter 592 I'm Old and a Little Tired...


The moment the figure of the red-haired young man fell from the sky, the ghost generals and the ghost soldiers that filled the sky were purged in the blink of an eye by the pure and holy light that had appeared.

Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle paled with fright — this man was so scary! When he appeared, the purifying effect he carried had directly purified the world, and his aura had actually directly affected the ghost array, immediately causing it to stop working!

Daoist Witch Demon looked at this scene in disbelief. He looked askance at the ghost flags of the array, and then noticed that there were actually cracks in them which ran down the flag posts and which ultimately caused the flags to directly crumble inch by inch...

Daoist Witch Demon: "???"

The array flags were covered in a steel membrane!

This person wasn't simple at all...

Judging from the green-furred mongrel's actions earlier, however, it seemed that this human cultivator had been summoned here by this dog. Daoist Witch Demon immediately made a guess - there had to be no mistake, this person was probably this green-furred dog's owner.

"Senior, as you are a person from the human cultivation world, if possible, please do not interfere in the affairs of our demon world..." Daoist Witch Demon made a very polite bow. The coming of this sort of heaven-defying expert already upset the balance in the demon world, and he felt that there was no way Demon Saint would turn a blind eye like before.

In fact, Daoist Witch Demon was right.

Because he bore the will of the demon world, Demon Saint would immediately notice the slightest ripple in the world. Given how loud Immortal Zhenyuan's appearance had been, it was impossible for Demon Saint to not have sensed it. As Daoist Witch Demon had said, Immortal Zhenyuan's existence had already destroyed the balance.

Demon Saint thought of himself as a demon with principles... If this red-haired young man went overboard, he would consider stopping him.

On the Holy Pillar, Demon Saint narrowed his eyes.

That was because the young man who had been summoned here wasn't the spirit dog's owner...

The gaze of the dog's owner from before had left a deep shadow on Demon Saint's heart. At the time, that frightful gaze and those utterly unforgettable dead fish eyes were like a nightmare in Demon Saint's mind which he couldn't banish.

Since succeeding the position of Demon Saint, there had never been anyone who could cause him to feel such tremendous psychological pressure with just one gaze.

As mentioned before, experts could determine the gap in strength in a fight with a look.

This red-haired young man's overall strength was weaker than that of the dog's owner, but was probably on par with his...

Demon Saint looked down from the top of the Holy Pillar and made a decision in his heart.

Elsewhere, after receiving the message from the main seal, Immortal Zhenyuan's entire being was directly sent here. He had still been repairing Drought Star when he was suddenly sent here. Although it was a little abrupt, Immortal Zhenyuan was instead a little happy.

It looked like Senior Dog hadn't forgotten him!

Turning his head, Immortal Zhenyuan saw "Senior Dog," who was wearing a yellow skintight outfit today which looked quite trendy. And moreover, that emerald green bone staff in its hand was emitting a mysterious power that was difficult to describe.

As expected of Senior Dog... It was actually able to fuse the power of Heavenly Dao with a magic weapon!

Immortal Zhenyuan was deeply astonished in his heart.

Why hadn't he thought of this?

This was probably the difference between him and Senior Dog...

As he sighed in his heart, the demon world territory envoy in front of him who had set up the ghost array suddenly spoke to him.

Immortal Zhenyuan gave Daoist Witch Demon a look of disgust. "I only listen to Senior Dog!"

Daoist Witch Demon's and Daoist Bronze Turtle's faces turned pale at these words and they were rooted to the spot in fear as they almost froze like stone - Senior... Senior Dog?

At that moment, the two territory envoys plus Elder Wen hiding in the peace consulate couldn't help sucking in cold breaths of air.

It turned out that this red-haired young man wasn't this green-furred dog's owner!

But... its underling?

How interesting...

"What were you doing before you got here?" Er Ha's tone was completely different and had become a little deeper. After all, it had acted as the dog savior of the world before, and it was very clear about its role.

As long as Zhenyuan was present, it just needed to maintain this "senior" setting.

Immortal Zhenyuan clasped his fists in a salute and answered politely, "Senior Dog, junior is still repairing Drought Star; currently, the repairs are already half done."

Er Ha: "Mm. Well done. I wasn't disturbing you when I summoned you, was I?"

"Disturb? How can senior's summons be a disturbance? This is a rare learning opportunity!" The red-haired young man waved his hand and bowed to Er Ha. "Senior's previous grade ten spell blew up Drought Star's surface. Now that I'm doing repair works on it, I'm in fact learning a lot! It feels like I'm playing Minecraft!"

Immediately after Immortal Zhenyuan spoke -

Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle were stunned once again. A grade... grade ten spell... had almost blown up an earth's surface...

How was this dog so awesome? Then what was with those two lousy boxing techniques earlier? So this green-furred dog hadn't been using all of its strength, and had just been playing?

The two territory envoys were stupefied.

The conversation between this red-haired young man with unfathomable strength and this green-furred dog was so mind-blowing that for one moment, the atmosphere froze around them. The thoughts of the two territory envoys had also directly frozen and they didn't know what to say.

"Junior is slow-witted; why has Senior Dog summoned me this time?" Immortal Zhenyuan asked softly.

"Mm, just now I tried boxing a little with the two juniors up ahead, and I'm feeling a little tired," Er Ha said.

Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle: "???"

Er Ha: "I'm old, and sometimes I can't keep up with these energetic youngsters... Especially in a fight like this, it's so boring it makes me sleepy and I just can't get excited."

Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle: "???"

Immortal Zhenyuan's face was wreathed in smiles. "Then senior's meaning is you need me to take action?"

Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle: "???"

Er Ha: "Mm, handle them as you see fit, but don't kill them. Remember to leave them alive... There's something I want to ask them."

"Yes, senior!"

As he said this, Immortal Zhenyuan released his aura, causing heaven and earth to shake. An energy that had primordial qi mixed into it rushed out from under the red-haired young man's feet toward the two territory envoys.

"!!!"

Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle were already trembling all over.

They were thinking only one thing now... escape! As far as they could!

This man's strength was too scary and far beyond theirs...

At that moment, the two territory envoys felt a critical sense of impending death, and they both used their trump cards to madly run for their lives as they turned into two streams of lights that flew off. They didn't even have time to pick up the broken ghost flags on the ground.

Want to run?

Immortal Zhenyuan smiled faintly.

Of course it was impossible...

It's not easy for me to find such a good opportunity to show off in front of Senior Dog; how boring would it be if I let the two of you escape?





Chapter 593 The Plan to Unite the Demon World


Daoist Bronze Turtle was still injured and this was the fastest he could flee in his state, but he felt that even if he was in excellent condition, he wouldn't necessarily be able to run any quicker than this... In the face of a real threat of death, the power one could use was completely different.

Immortal Zhenyuan wasn't worried, and instead watched the two people turn into streams of light that swiftly disappeared in the sky.

Er Ha maintained a very unperturbed appearance the entire time as it knew that there was no way Zhenyuan would let them escape.

Sure enough, the red-haired young man finally started to make a move after half an hour or so. When he stretched out his hand, it was like the Five-fingerMountain 1 . The layers of nomological laws which twined around his fingers directly pierced the air, causing the space to vibrate nonstop until it actually cracked open.

1(From "Journey to the West..") Immortal Zhenyuan directly reached into this fractured space, and finally pulled two figures straight out of it; they were the very two, Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle, who had already been on the run for half an hour...

Using their magic treasures, they had already traveled tens of thousands of li in the last half an hour, but they still couldn't escape this punishment. Halfway through their escape, they had felt the space in their wake shake, and the collars of their Daoist robes had been suddenly jerked back by a mighty force.

When they came back to their senses, they were being firmly squeezed by a gigantic hand that looked like it had come out of some picture scroll of the wild. Under this huge pressure, the two territory envoys couldn't even breathe.

Er Ha was doing its best to appear unperturbed; the truth was, this scene was a huge shock to it!

It wasn't just Er Ha; Elder Wen was also indescribably shaken by this scene.

What kind of formidable strength was this...

It practically looked like a miracle, a hand reaching out in the air across space to seize the two envoys who had already been running for a while and not giving the other party any chance to escape.

Er Ha knew that the red-haired young man was deliberately flexing his muscles in front of it to show how strong he was, but this scene was really too scary, as if it was watching a huge blockbuster movie! Usually, when Little Master Ling cast spells, he would be especially mindful to try and avoid these sorts of grand "special effects" spells; the fact of the matter was that this had something to do with a person's personality.

Little Master Ling was used to being low-key, so he would pay special attention to this point, but Immortal Zhenyuan's personality could be said to move from one extreme to another. Since he had decided to make a move, he would use the most gorgeous-looking spell to capture the other party.

He had done the same thing on Drought Star before. Come to think of it, Er Ha suddenly felt that Zhenyuan had already become synonymous with the word "gorgeous"...

When Immortal Zhenyuan released the two envoys, Daoist Witch Demon's and Daoist Bronze Turtle's faces had already turned black and blue from that huge pressure, and the two people were dizzy as they spun around on the ground as if they were drunk.

"What... what happened?"

"Who... who's practicing taichi..."

"Still want to run?" Immortal Zhenyuan stared at the two of them and smiled slightly. This smile made Er Ha think of Fang Xing, since it was his signature sly smile.

Immortal Zhenyuan raised his hand and drew a few golden threads in the air with his finger. Then he flicked the tip of his finger. Like a fairy weaving cloth, the golden threads started to intertwine over the ground and in the end actually became a golden cage.

The moment they were trapped inside the golden cage, Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle felt a sense of powerlessness. This golden cage blocked off the source of their powers and they couldn't use demon energy at all. Moreover, the golden cage had a weakening effect which made them unable to gather their strength.

After showing off his skills, the red-haired young man turned to bow to Er Ha again. "Senior Dog, please excuse my poor performance; of all my imprisonment spells, this grade nine 'Boundary Marker' is the only one which I'm most proficient in."

Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle almost spat out blood. A grade seven spell would have already been more than enough to trap them, let alone a grade nine spell!

— Wait a minute!

At that moment, Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle both caught the key point which they had overlooked in those words just now.

This person had just said... this was a grade nine spell?

Both their facial expressions were already as blue-black as seaweed sauce.

... A grade nine spell?

Then this man was most likely at peak True Immortal level, or... he was a Venerated Immortal?

Their worldviews had already collapsed. Sure enough, human cultivators were all very cunning! Wasn't it said that there weren't any Venerated Immortal big shots in the human world?! Why was an underling casually summoned by a green-furred dog a Venerated Immortal?! Were even Venerated Immortal bigwigs these days starting to call themselves juniors?

"Mm..."

Er Ha nodded and pretended very hard that it was calm. The truth was that it had already been completely blown away by the red-haired young man's maneuver.

Gosh... this series of high-level spells with their ample special effects were really too gorgeous!

"The hand you used to catch them just now was pretty good," Er Ha couldn't help praising.

Immortal Zhenyuan bowed respectfully. "Senior, my performance was laughable. That was just a grade ten spell, 'Palm of Heaven.'"

... Grade ten?

Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle turned pale.

"Mm, not bad, a little more and you'll surpass me," Er Ha said.

Immortal Zhenyuan was very deferential to Er Ha. "Of course, until now, I'm still unable to grasp Senior Dog's spell. When senior performed it back then, from beginning to end, you didn't make any hand seals or even any movements, and instead directly used your majesty to let loose a grade twelve spell; until now, this junior is unable to forget that sight!"

Grade twelve...

Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle already didn't know what to say.

At that moment, Er Ha glanced at the expressions of these two territory envoys; both of them looked deathly white, as if they had been washed out by a mix of Tide and OMO detergent.

"Senior Dog, what do you want to do with them?" Immortal Zhenyuan asked Er Ha.

Er Ha looked at Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle. In fact, it had never planned to kill these two people since the beginning. Although they were heartless, Er Ha felt that it couldn't be unrighteous. If it wanted to kill these two envoys now, it only needed to say the word and Zhenyuan would crush them as easily as if they were ants.

But the deaths of these two envoys wouldn't solve anything. Daoist Horse Face's death earlier had been due to the punishment from Demon Saint's restriction, so Er Ha couldn't be blamed for that.

After learning the ins and outs of the entire situation from Wen Yu, Elder Wen's grandson, Er Ha had been wondering whether there was an appropriate way of resolving the conflict between the four territories so that they could all thrive peacefully in the future.

There were one hundred and eight territories in the demon world, and the four inner territories were their core. As long as conflict in the core could be resolved, all the demons in the demon world could come together as one family.

Thus, after careful consideration, Er Ha made the following decision: "Let them go."

"Yes, Senior Dog."

The red-haired young man didn't know what Senior Dog wanted to do, but he complied obediently. He waved his hand and directly got rid of the golden prison.

When Er Ha now approached the two territory envoys after this show of strength, it could clearly see that they were trembling.

"I'm sparing your lives for now, so go and send a message."

Er Ha stared at the two men and said slowly, "In half an hour, we will descend on the western, northern and southern territories, and destroy them all."

Then Er Ha thought for a moment, and felt that it sounded a little deliberately biased, so it hurried to correct its words. "Not just the western, northern and southern territories, but the eastern territory will also be eliminated in passing..."

The complexions of the two envoys and Elder Wen changed drastically at these words.

Only Immortal Zhenyuan next to Er Ha understood a little what Senior Dog wanted to do.

This would be a very lively lesson... and would greatly test Er Ha's acting!





Chapter 594 Er Ha Who Is Concerned About the Demon World


This sudden decision was beyond Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle's expectations. They could tell that this absolutely wasn't a joke... Besides, this red-haired young man indeed had this type of strength. It was an easy thing for a Venerated Immortal to wreck a planet, let alone four mere territories.

The two territory envoys left as if they were fleeing for their lives; they had to go back to discuss countermeasures with the demon gods of the inner territories.

"Senior Dog, are you doing this so that the demon gods of these four territories in the demon world will bury the hatchet and come together once again?" Immortal Zhenyuan asked a moment later.

"Mm." Er Ha nodded.

The truth was that the demon world had been very peaceful at one time, but a hundred years ago, after the new generation of demon gods came into office, disputes had cropped up which until now had yet to be settled. This generation's group of demon god leaders were especially extreme. The two demon gods Venerable Ox of the West and Ghost Emperor of the South were both warmongers, while Er Ha's impression of Turtle Devil of the South had always been that he didn't have his own opinion and was easily swayed.

The dispute between the eastern territory and the other three territories this time was in fact the work of the two demon gods of the western and southern territories.

A main characteristic of these warmongers was that they usually only thought about their own fun and completely didn't consider the other demon tribes in their territories. So this time, Er Ha's plan was to fight fire with fire, and fight a war to stop a war.

Of course, this "war" wouldn't really happen.

It would require that Immortal Zhenyuan played along with Er Ha.

Gazing at Er Ha, who seemed to be in deep thought, the red-haired young man was filled with endless reverence.

That was just like Senior Dog, to actually be so worried about the situation in the demon world!

This was probably what a big shot was like...

Only big shots had the strength to spare to protect world peace.

What impressed Zhenyuan the most, moreover, was Er Ha's "educate and teach" approach toward settling the conflict at its root. How mighty was this spirit?

Staring into the distance, Immortal Zhenyuan sighed. "I hope these demons will be able to understand Senior Dog's way of thinking..."

While it pondered, Er Ha turned to look at the peace consulate. After seeing the two envoys leave, Elder Wen also walked out and bowed to Er Ha, then turned into a stream of light as he left the place.

Er Ha guessed that he would be sending the message to Scorpion King of the East. Unlike the other two envoys, Elder Wen's pace was unhurried and he was very composed. He hadn't reacted straightaway at Er Ha proclaiming that it would wipe out the four territories, but judging from his current behavior, Er Ha felt that Elder Wen had likely thought of something.

This was actually a way to step over the demon gods of the other three territories and was also a lifeline for the outcast eastern territory.

Now, Er Ha took the position of a third party.

Whether it could facilitate unity among the four territories would ultimately depend on the decision of the four demon gods.

But from what Er Ha knew, the two demon god warmongers were guys who wouldn't shed tears until they saw the coffins 1 , so it was likely that they wouldn't admit defeat so easily.

1(Refers to refusing to be convinced until faced with grim reality.) This was all actually a little idealistic in Er Ha's view, so it would need to heat things up. "When you attack later on, make sure you go easy on them."

"Very well, senior!" Zhenyuan nodded agreeably.

After that, Er Ha personally led the way, and one man and one dog flew in the direction of the western territory.

They had deliberately waited at the entrance of the peace consulate for a bit before setting out, in order to confirm that Daoist Witch Demon and Daoist Bronze Turtle had brought the word back to those demon gods.

When they arrived at the pass to the western territory, Er Ha saw an astonishing scene.

Guarding the pass was a brawny man with a tall and sturdy frame. He had ox horns growing out of his head and held the Guan King Blade 2 . Behind him were thousands of demon beasts, many of whom were demon kings from the various tribes in the western territory. They had all gathered here in the shortest amount of time in an astonishing battle lineup. To tell the truth, Er Ha had never seen anything like this lineup in its days as king. With a demon god commanding this gathering of demon kings, the demon qi here was too overwhelming.

2(Most likely a reference to the "guandao" or "blade of Guan," which is a Chinese pole weapon that in legend is said to have been invented by the famous general Guan Yu ..) Er Ha was suddenly very glad that it had the golden light shield, otherwise this battle lineup would have really made its legs go weak.

That Daoist Witch Demon from before was standing next to the brawny man with horns. "Your Majesty Venerable Ox, I've received the news that Ghost Emperor will be here very soon to fight together with us."

Venerable Ox of the West scowled. He looked cruel and feral. The Guan King Blade he was holding gave off a silver light as a demonic essence gathered along the blade, and the chain of ox horns which hung around his neck were unusual in their origin. After hearing Daoist Witch Demon's words, Venerable Ox took off his red cloak, baring his upper torso and revealing his majestic muscles. "It's not like Ghost Emperor has to come himself."

Er Ha smiled coldly at Venerable Ox's attitude and it turned its head to ask, "What do you think?"

"Junior fully understands senior's thinking," Immortal Zhenyuan said.

Sometimes it really wasn't good to be too confident in yourself. Many people thought they had seen all of the world, but in fact they were just frogs in a well. Zhenyuan had always thought that he himself had a deep understanding of this point. Before meeting "Senior Dog," he had thought that Venerated Immortal was already the highest realm, and it was only later that he realized that this wasn't the case at all.

There would always be someone else better than you; no matter how high you climbed, you should always be upright in your attitude and remain humble.

No confidence and too much confidence - neither extreme was good.

"Was it you who killed my Horse Face?" Venerable Ox of the West gripped the Guan King Blade firmly. He insolently blew powerful streams of demonic essence out of his nose, causing even the ring in his nose to jerk. This was a kind of sonic spell which used the the vibrations between the air from his nose and the nose ring to create intense spiritual oppression.

The scene made Zhenyuan sigh, and he snapped his fingers at the sonic spell.

Er Ha saw a golden circle ripple out from Zhenyuan's hand to directly neutralize this Venerable Ox of the West's sonic spell. Not only that, this simple finger snap actually kicked up a powerful wind which caused the expressions of all the demons present to drain of color.

It was just a snap of the fingers.

It was actually so powerful!

Venerable Ox of the West's eyes turned dark. He then jumped into the air with the Guan King Blade held aloft as he prepared to make his move, and majestic demon essence gathered along the edge of the blade.

At that moment, Zhenyuan snapped his fingers yet again.

All the demons present heard the ringing sound of metal breaking.

"..."

Venerable Ox of the West never thought that before he could bring his blade down, the only thing that remained of the Guan King Blade in his hand was a stick!

"Still want to try? If it was Senior Dog who personally took action, you would have already perished with one snap of the fingers."

In the air, Zhenyuan smiled at Venerable Ox of the West. "You know nothing about power..."





Chapter 595 Whack-A-Mole


The moment the Guan King Blade shattered, Venerable Ox of the West broke out in a cold sweat as he realized that this wasn't an opponent that he could challenge.

Staring at this scene, Zhenyuan frowned. Since becoming a Venerated Immortal, he actually hardly ever fought any battles except in his feud with his own inner demon Wind Spirit. It could be said that in the last one hundred years, apart from fighting with Wind Spirit, he hadn't come into contact with anyone else.

The demon gods of the demon world, and furthermore the demon gods of the inner four territories, should already be the strongest here except for Demon Saint, but the feeling Zhenyuan got could be described in two words: very weak...

In three words: very, very weak...

Thinking this, the red-haired young man suddenly darted a glance at Er Ha next to him and his heart filled with even more admiration for Er Ha. As expected of "Senior Dog," who had reminded him repeatedly to show mercy and to go easy on the other party. Otherwise, given his regular strength, this Venerable Ox of the West would have already died on the spot.

Immortal Zhenyuan suddenly started to wonder about Er Ha's reason for not making a move and instead choosing to summon him to carry out this task. It absolutely wasn't because Senior Dog didn't want to act, and even less because it was bored or lazy... For such a powerful dog like Senior Dog, if it wasn't careful about controlling its strength, wouldn't it just be a matter of minutes before this demon world was destroyed?

Zhenyuan hence thought that Senior Dog's heart was for all living things. What great spirit! So touching!

Thinking of this, Zhenyuan couldn't help looking at Er Ha and felt Senior Dog's figure grow bigger and taller in his eyes.

"Too... too dazzling!" Zhenyuan's face flushed warmly, and his heart filled with anticipation.

Who knew when he would be able to cultivate to Senior Dog's level...

In any case, Zhenyuan felt that he just needed to follow Senior Dog for now!

This thought seemed to greatly help lift his mood!

On the other side, Venerable Ox of the West felt very embarrassed. The main point wasn't that his Guan King Blade had been broken, but that his first move had been easily neutralized by the other party.

This already was no longer "dying before victory 1 ," but being flushed down the toilet before victory... furthermore, the fact that it had happened in front of all the demons present left Venerable Ox of the West utterly humiliated.

1(A line from the poem "The Temple of the Premier of Shu" written by Du Fu ..) After Zhenyuan taught Venerable Ox of the West a lesson, Er Ha just gazed calmly ahead of it, preserving its image as a senior expert.

After a few minutes or so, it lifted its head and called out in one direction in the air.

Everyone else also turned their gazes in that direction. Venerable Ox of the West and Daoist Witch Demon who was on the ground were greatly delighted; they knew that reinforcements had arrived! But they had barely turned their heads when Zhenyuan lifted his left index finger and flicked it down gently.

Venerable Ox of the West and Daoist Witch Demon instantly felt like there was a large mountain pressing down on their heads, and their entire bodies were buried in the earth with just their heads sticking out.

The most important thing was that this spell also had an imprisonment effect and they couldn't throw it off!

Venerable Ox of the West choked with silent fury. The sense of oppression was too immense, giving him the impression that his neck would be snapped as soon as he said something wrong!

Right after that, the thousands of demon soldiers, including demon kings, behind Venerable Ox of the West were also pushed into the ground one by one by Zhenyuan, leaving just their heads sticking out.

What did this scene look like?

A dense mass of dots...

Er Ha's heart felt cold when it saw this — what a "wonderful" sight for anyone with trypophobia!

"Senior, there are two auras approaching," Immortal Zhenyuan said, smiling. The expression on his face was light and gentle. Since the star and supporting role were almost here, this should be a brilliant show. Since fighting was no longer any fun for him, then he might as well enjoy himself as an actor.

Immortal Zhenyuan had always planned to shoot a film and use it to promote migration to Drought Star, so now was a good opportunity to practice his acting skills. The most important thing was that he could still learn from "Senior Dog" how to become a director himself!

In the sky, Ghost Emperor of the South and Turtle Devil of the North, the other two demon gods, arrived one after another. Their strength was on par with that of Venerable Ox of the West — each one could be pushed into the ground with a flick of Zhenyuan's hand.

When the two demon gods arrived, they saw Venerable Ox of the West along with thousands of demon beasts of the western territory buried in the ground with just their heads sticking out.

Ghost Emperor of the South and Turtle Devil of the North were dazed at the same time.

What was this?

Whack-A-Mole?

Seeing that his right-hand man Daoist Witch Demon had also been buried in the ground, Ghost Emperor of the South directly flew into a rage and stared at Er Ha and Immortal Zhenyuan in the air. "You dare do this to my trusted general -"

But before he could finish, he felt his feet sink down.

The next second, Ghost Emperor of the South plunged straight into the earth...

Er Ha couldn't help sighing in its heart.

This was too tragic...

It was completely a one-sided smackdown.

Turtle Devil of the North was even more wretched; he couldn't even say anything before his entire body was embedded in the earth right after Ghost Emperor of the South. Zhenyuan had even specially lined the three demon gods up so that they were in a row.

It had to be said that it made a really funny picture!

Buried in the dirt with a face full of despair, Venerable Ox of the West Domain said telepathically, "Why didn't you bring more people?"

Ghost Emperor of the South gnashed his teeth. "I can directly summon ten million of my ghost generals here, I didn't need to bring any reinforcements at all... how the hell would I know I would be buried as soon as I arrived?"

Turtle Devil of the North sighed. "Unless Demon Saint makes a move in this situation... The difference between this man's strength and ours is too big!"

At this point, all the demons fell silent.

Hearing this, Er Ha smiled in its heart. Turtle Devil of the North had actually brought up a crucial point, which was about summoning Demon Saint.

Demon Saint generally paid no attention to the affairs of the demon world, unless some demon beast violated the rules or the restriction.

Generally speaking, Demon Saint wouldn't show up or make a move so easily.

But if they wanted Demon Saint to act, the demon gods of the four inner territories had to pray together.

Now, the southern, western and northern territories had allied together to deliberately isolate the eastern territory. No one knew whether Scorpion King of the East would come, let alone join them in prayer to summon Demon Saint...

Ghost Emperor of the South said telepathically, "This dog is completely insane..."

Venerable Ox of the West: "Why did this kind of big shot come running to the demon world?"

Turtle Devil of the North: "I already said don't stir up unnecessary trouble... Look at the situation now, we're missing one person. If Scorpion King doesn't come, we're all dead..."

The three demon gods felt incomparably regretful in their hearts now.

They knew Demon Saint's character too well...

The demon gods of the four inner territories had all been appointed by Demon Saint and they'd been bequeathed power by the means of great magic. So to Demon Saint, their existence was in fact utterly dispensable. If the demon gods of the four inner territories didn't pray as one, Demon Saint couldn't be summoned at all.

Gazing at this scene, Er Ha wagged its tail and said in a cold, firm voice, "Let's execute all the demons buried here first."

Its voice wasn't loud, but it carried to the three demon gods and the demons behind them, whose faces all turned deathly white.





Chapter 596 It Has to Be Befitting


"Yes, Senior Dog."

Zhenyuan was as obedient as ever and nodded straightaway.

Actually, he was well aware in his heart that this was just a scare tactic; there was no way he would take action for real. However, seeing the faces of the thousands of demon beasts below him turn deathly white, Zheyuan actually felt it was a little fun, and the corners of his mouth couldn't help tilting upward — teasing these little demon beasts was turning out to be so interesting!

There was something wrong with that smile, which made Er Ha wonder whether he had inadvertently aroused some weird, hidden tick in Immortal Zhenyuan...

Years later, Er Ha would endlessly regret summoning Zhenyuan here to help it today.

If it had known earlier, it would have been more frank in getting Little Master Ling to help it.

Of course, all of this was a story for later.

"Senior Dog, would you like to sit down? Beheading thousands of demons will be a magnificent sight!" Immortal Zhenyuan said something that sounded very frightening in an excited tone as he stared at the thousands of pale faces below him.

"Very well," Er Ha replied.

"Mm, let me prepare a chair for you, senior." Immortal Zhenyuan nodded his head. Afterwards, Er Ha didn't see him make any big moves; Zhenyuan just drew a magic array in the air with his index finger and finally pushed it toward the sky.

"Hu!"

Er Ha saw Zhenyuan blow softly at the array, and instantly it released a golden mist.

Er Ha reckoned Zhenyuan was most likely performing some fancy operation again. It realized Immortal Zhenyuan was a little OCD about the spells he cast; they all had to be extremely gorgeous... Moreover, these weren't spells from Huaxiu nation; judging from the layout of the golden array, most of the symbols inside were from the west.

"Since it's a chair for senior, it has to befit you." Zhenyuan turned to look at Er Ha and smiled. Quickly, he formed a seal with one hand, and the whole world immediately shook with massive tremors. The thousands of demons directly felt the pressure of the rumbling earth and couldn't help the way their heads shook, rattling their brains.

Er Ha saw that some of the demon beasts in the back row had already been shaken to the point of frothing at the mouth.

Er Ha: "..."

The golden array in the sky then spun like a disc on its side as it grew countless times larger. A passageway opened in the center of the array, out of which emerged many western soldiers in armor.

Immortal Zhenyuan: "This is the grade nine spell I learned from Mixiu nation, 'Heroic Spirit Summoning Spell1.' When I saw the junior below use the Ghost Summoning Array, I remembered this spell. And after I modified it, it's almost at grade ten. It also incorporates a lot of eastern ideas! Senior, look!"

1(From the "Fate" visual novel/anime series..) While speaking, Immortal Zhenyuan pointed to the entrance of the summoning array; sure enough, apart from the western soldiers, a lot of Huaxiu ancient soldiers in gray armor poured out.

Immortal Zhenyuan: "I integrated these Huaxiu ancient soldiers into the spell after I modified it. The downside of this spell is that I had to look for a corresponding offering so that my heroic spirit summons would incorporate our eastern culture. A hundred years ago, I bought lots of terracotta warriors in bulk."

Er Ha: "..."

All the demons: "..."

Immortal Zhenyuan smiled. "Now the total number of western soldiers and eastern ancient soldiers I can summon is exactly a hundred thousand."

A hundred thousand...

Er Ha was stunned.

"Come out, all of you." Zhenyuan controlled the heroic spirits that poured out of the Heroic Spirit Summoning Array in an unending stream. When there were roughly ten thousand of them, they arranged themselves into phalanxes, making for a spectacular sight! Most importantly, every single heroic spirit had actually reached the Soul Formation stage...

Buried in the earth, Ghost Emperor of the South paled when he saw this scene. He had actually thought about using his ghost generals and ghost soldiers in this confrontation... for every one thousand ghost soldiers he could summon, there would only be one ghost general at the Soul Formation stage.

But every single one of the heroic spirits in front of him now was at the Soul Formation stage, and the most frightening thing was that there were ten thousand of them! According to the red-haired young man, he still had ninety thousand more in reserve!

The huge gap in strength made Ghost Emperor speechless.

They treated grade eight spells as the rarest of treasures, while the other party had casually thrown out a grade ten spell...

"Senior, wait a second, I'll build a chair for you at once!" Immortal Zhenyuan said in the air as he looked at the ten thousand soldiers that he had summoned.

Er Ha: "..."

All the demons: "..."

Build a... chair?

Then these thousands of heroic spirit soldiers started to move. On this vast land that was the pass to the western territory, everyone watched as the soldiers in the back row stepped onto the shoulders of the soldiers in front as they piled up layer upon layer. They used their own bodies as building blocks, finally creating a gargantuan chair... This was a heroic spirit royal throne created by heroic spirits with a very high back and wide armrests. It was amply gorgeous and magnificent-looking. Above all, it was imposing and majestic, and there was an overbearing air about it which stupefied everyone.

"..."

Er Ha tried its best to contain the shock in its heart.

"Senior, please!" Immortal Zhenyuan raised his hand and made a welcoming gesture.

Then Er Ha sat at the top...

To be honest, it wasn't very comfortable, but when all was said and done, the chair triumphed in grandeur.

"Senior Dog, do you need to make a speech? I have a lighting director among my heroic spirits." Zhenyuan smiled as he floated next to Er Ha.

"A lighting director?"

"Yes, a lighting director."

Zhenyuan then clapped his hands, and Er Ha saw an outstanding young man in gold armor with artfully styled blonde hair and earrings slowly walk out of the Heroic Spirit Summoning Array in the sky. The young man folded his arms, and looked very defiant and arrogant.

This blonde young man strolled through the air to Er Ha's side, and it felt the man's figure land behind its back! Along with this figure, a cluster of lights gathered above Er Ha's head, and in that moment it felt like the main star!

The only drawback was that the magic weapon for gathering this light wasn't very stylish. Er Ha took a look and discovered that it was actually a lamp post...

"Senior Dog, you don't know, but it cost me a lot in the beginning to summon this lighting director." Staring at the blonde young man holding the lamp post, Zhenyuan sighed deeply. "To be honest, I didn't really want him at first, but then I thought it wouldn't be a bad idea to have him around as a flashlight. The point is that he looks gorgeous! He's bright and golden all over!"

"Hm..."

Er Ha looked up at the yellow light of the lamp post. "But isn't this light a little dark?"

"Does Senior Dog feel it's dark? No problem, it can be adjusted."

Immortal Zhenyuan snapped his fingers and said directly to the blonde young man, "Gilgamesh, did you hear that?! Senior Dog wants you to make the light brighter!"

Er Ha: "..."

All the demons: "..."





Chapter 597 The Actors in Place


Through layers of clouds and mist, Demon Saint calmly watched the activity in the world below him from the top of the Holy Pillar with the magic staff in his hand.

Behind Demon Saint, an old man in a white Daoist robe approached. Glancing at the world below, he smiled. "Not going to make a move?"

The old man was Second Generation Demon Saint's Sage Master, and the two of them were inseparable. His main duty was to assist Demon Saint in managing the demon world better, and at the same time, to supervise and direct Demon Saint's succession. There was a rumor in the outside world that Demon Saint was a hereditary position, but this wasn't true...

Hearing the old man's question, Second Generation Demon Saint shook his head. "I've long wanted to teach these juniors a lesson, so it's nice that someone is now doing it for me. Moreover, I can sense that they don't truly have any intent to kill. The only thing I'm curious about now is this dog's origin..."

He looked at the old man next to him. "Do you have any ideas, Sage Master?"

"No." Sage Master shook his head plainly. "I already tried using the Destiny Ball to check, but all I saw was a heap of fuzzy pixels..."

"Pixels?" Second Generation Demon Saint was blank.

"Mm." Sage Master nodded his head. "These pixels should be directly related to the dog's owner. This dog's owner is very unusual. He might not be a human cultivator from Earth at all, and it's extremely possible that he's from outside our Milky Way. We have no way of knowing if there's life beyond the Milky Way, but it is indeed frightening. During the reign of the first Demon Saint, he encountered an orangutan from outside our galaxy that had inadvertently passed into the demon world through the spatial wall, and almost tore apart the Holy Pillar..."

Second Generation Demon Saint was surprised. "There was such a thing? How come I've never heard of it?"

Sage Master: "Of course you haven't. The only records we have of this alien invasion are in Demon Saint's Holy Palace. But you haven't seen any of them since your succession."

Second Generation Demon Saint was silent before saying soon after, "Sage Master, you should know I never intended to be Demon Saint..."

"But it was Heaven's will."

Sage Master said, "I was the one who decided the succession method for the first Demon Saint. Later, the first Demon Saint decided the succession method, which was how this generation came to be. Indeed, this succession method might seem a little bizarre..."

At this point, Second Generation Demon Saint wanted to cry. "It's more than a little bizarre!!!"

Sage Master shook his head. "It can't be helped. If you want to retire, you'll have to wait for the next generation Demon Saint to show up. Otherwise, you'll suffer a backlash from the Holy Pillar. I already told you all these specifics when you succeeded."

Second Generation Demon Saint was silent.

In fact, he had a hunch that the appearance of the next generation Demon Saint wasn't too far away...

...

On the throne made from a pile of western and eastern Soul Formation heroic spirit soldiers, Er Ha looked down from its commanding height. It was really very grand, and the auras of these thousands of Soul Formation heroic spirits alone gave people a sense of gravity and fear.

With the auras overlapping one another, the originally blue sky in that moment was filled with a bank of overcast clouds, instantly changing the colors of this world. Holding the lamp post, Gilgamesh dialed the light up to its fullest and focused it on Er Ha's head.

This scene actually gave off the sense of a work of art, which satisfied Zhenyuan immensely; Gilgamesh's lighting skills had steadily improved under Zhenyuan's instructions all these years.

"They're almost here."

At that moment, Er Ha suddenly looked up at the sky.

Two auras approached from the east.

Scorpion King of the East and Elder Wen arrived together...

At that moment, all the actors were in place.

Actually, the reason why Zhenyuan had thought to build this heroic spirit throne had been to buy time for Scorpion King to show up.

Scorpion King's appearance also left the demon gods of the southern, northern and western territories feeling ashamed. They had previously banded together to crowd out the eastern territory, which was currently the strongest of the four territories. This involved framing the Tuntian Ha clan for hiding magic WMDs and issuing hundredfold tariffs, thus raising trade barriers, all of which were aimed at suppressing the eastern territory.

They had thought that they were dead for sure today, but they never expected Scorpion King and Elder Wen to appear at all.

The pressure from the throne made up of tens of thousands of Soul Formation heroic spirit soldiers was so great that it created a natural surrounding golden mist restriction so that no one could clearly see in front of them, not even with an eye technique.

Scorpion King and Elder Wen had no choice but to descend from the sky a fair distance away; they were unable to fly anymore and could only approach on foot.

When the two men appeared at the pass to the western territory and saw this towering throne made of heroic spirit soldiers, they both felt like they had stepped into something miraculous.

"Your Majesty, this is it," Elder Wen said with difficulty to the young man next to him dressed in purple and gold Daoist robes. Even opening his mouth to speak at that moment was hard given the tremendous pressure.

The young man standing beside him had long gray hair pinned up in a bun with an unprepossessing hairpin; this was a holy weapon created from the stinger in his tail.

As the two of them drew near, they felt their steps grow increasingly heavier.

"I sense the auras of Venerated Ox, Ghost Emperor and Turtle Devil nearby, as well as the auras of many other demon beasts. But..." Scorpion King looked around. "Where's everyone?"

"..."

Elder Wen: "Scorpion King, please lift your foot. You're standing on them."

Scorpion King: "..."

Because of the nearby golden mist that hovered around the heroic spirit throne, Scorpion King hadn't noticed at the time. When he heard Elder Wen's warning, he looked down and was completely dumbstruck!

The ground under his feet was actually inlaid with demons...

The demon kings of the western territory and the three demon gods were buried in the earth with just their heads sticking out.

"..."

The purple-robed young man sucked in a cold breath of air.

What the hell?! Was this Whack-A-Mole?

The young man lifted his foot and saw that he had stepped on Turtle Devil, pushing the latter's head back into his shell; when his head popped out again, he still had a shoeprint on his face.

Scorpion King's mood was immediately lifted. For months his eastern territory had been bullied...

This foot!

It felt too good to bring it down!

And vent!

The young man was wondering whether to go step on the faces of the others, but before he could move his feet, he felt a pressure on his shoulder.

"Both of you go down too~" Zhenyuan acted once again.

Scorpion King and Elder Wen were then aghast to find their bodies stuck.

The two people were buried right next to Venerated Ox of the West.

At that moment, the demon gods of the four inner territories had finally come together and were all buried without exception!

Zhenyuan clapped his hands and smiled. The most important thing for a family was to be neat and tidy1!

1(A classic TVB drama line.)





Chapter 598 The Soul Returns to the Kerosene Lamp


The split second his body sunk into the earth, Scorpion King already saw his soul return to the kerosene lamp1.

1(The equivalent of seeing your life flash before your eyes.) So, was he about to die?

When he came back to his senses, Scorpion King was profoundly aware of how terrible the "enemy" in front of him was. He couldn't stand up to the other party's power at all; the difference in strength was like between the heavens and an ant. Or maybe, they weren't ants and were just lumps of shit.

It wasn't just Scorpion King who had this feeling; all the demons buried in the dirt saw their lives flash before their eyes.

Were they going to die like this?

Most living creatures, not just human beings, often only knew how to cherish something after losing it; this applied to a lot of things, including one's life. War brought glory to the ruling demon gods of the demon territories and gave them a thrill, but in the end, the pain was still deeply engraved in the bones of the demons.

Thus, the moment they were buried and thought they were going to die, the first thing the demon kings and the demons in the rear thought of was peace. The demon world had been far from peaceful for nearly a hundred years, and there was conflict everywhere. Tribes could fight over the smallest cultivation resource, going so far as to wage huge battles over it. Prior to that, all the resources in the demon world had been shared equally.

At that moment, the demon kings as well as the demons under their command reflected: What was it that had caused them to become increasingly selfish?

If they had a chance to do everything all over again, they would want peace and they would never abet evildoers.

At the same time, the demon gods of the four inner territories were thinking the same thing.

If the demon gods of the four great inner territories had banded together earlier on and worked as one to pray and call upon Demon Saint to come, they wouldn't have fallen to this extent.

Peace was the only thing they needed.

This torturous reflection from the depths of the soul seemed to last a long time, but in fact it was only a few short seconds.

This was also one of Zhenyuan's abilities. The spell he had used to bury the demon gods, the demon kings and the demon beasts in the ground was called "Burial Technique." It was originally a secret art of some ancient cultivation sect that reeked with blood and violence. It could be used anywhere that had soil and sand as it used the power of the earth to bind people; just a little more strength would be all it took to bury them alive.

But Zhenyuan had upgraded this "Burial Technique" so that it wasn't as cruel as the original version. It was used purely as a containment spell. Combined with this interrogation of the spirit spell, "Soul Returning to the Kerosene Lamp," the two spells worked together like golden partners!

"This 'Soul Returning to the Kerosene Lamp' is a grade ten spell I created myself which can cause people to calmly ponder in their hearts: Where did I come from? Where do I go when I die? Why am I here on earth? Is there an end to the universe? How long is time? Is the Chinese dragon bald or not? How should the word 'honghu' be read2? These are all questions to ponder!"

2(This refers to the phrase 'honghuzhi' 鸿鹄志, meaning to have lofty ambitions, which the president of Peking University misread as 'honghaozhi' in his address at the university's 120th anniversary celebration ..) Er Ha suddenly thought that Zhenyuan was really quite the genius.

Among all the people it had met, at least, there was no one apart from Little Master Ling who understood cultivation better than Zhenyuan. Er Ha suddenly felt that besides luck, talent was also a major factor in Zhenyuan's advancement to Venerated Immortal level.

...

Gazing at the demon gods and demon beasts below who one by one came back to their senses from the interrogation of the spirit spell "Soul Returning to the Kerosene Lamp," Er Ha spoke slowly. "Do you have any last words?"

"You have any last words..."

"Have any last words..."

"Any last words..."

"..."

Er Ha: "..." Fuck! Where did this echo come from?! Wasn't this Evil Sword God's trait?!

Er Ha felt like it had really become the villain this time!

Immortal Zhenyuan: "Oh, that's right, Senior Dog, I forgot to tell you that the heroic spirit throne has a built-in echo effect."

Er Ha was stunned. Even a built-in echo effect was possible.

"Everything that has happened up to now, we brought on ourselves. I don't want to repeat myself too much. If Senior Dog will agree to give us a chance, no matter what the final outcome is, we will have no complaints even if we are completely destroyed."

Venerated Ox of the West opened his mouth, and when he finished speaking, the faces of the other demon gods were dark.

Er Ha: "What else can you fight me with?"

"Demon Saint!"

Venerated Ox of the West said resolutely, "As long as senior is willing to let us go, we can summon Demon Saint."

Er Ha rubbed its head with one dog paw. "Mm, I almost forgot there was this junior."

On top of the holy pillar.

Demon Saint: "???"

"Want to use Demon Saint against me?"

Er Ha continued to play along with the script, a contemptuous look in its eyes as it snorted coldly. "Is there a need for me to deal with Demon Saint personally? Zhenyuan, let them go..."

Immortal Zhenyuan's expression was complex. "Senior Dog, are you sure? I trapped them with great difficulty!"

All the demons: "???"

"This is to drive them to complete despair!"

Er Ha played the profound thinker. "Actually, after being in the demon world for so long, I'm a little weary. If this demon world's Demon Saint amuses me, I can certainly spare these rude juniors. Actually, I've never been a warmonger, and I much prefer to spend my days peacefully. If the envoys at the peace consulate hadn't provoked me, I wouldn't have made a move today."

After saying this, the dog fur on Er Ha's back stood up slightly; even it was disgusted by its own words!

Zhenyuan sighed. "Senior Dog, you're so benevolent!"

Daoist Witch Demon: "???"

Buried in the ground, Daoist Witch Demon couldn't help twitching his lips.

Why did he recall that it was the green-furred dog that had attacked first... It broke the window with a flying kick and directly smacked Fellow Horse Face silly!

This script wasn't right!

Following that, Zhenyuan snapped his fingers and let all the demons loose.

He looked down at the four demon gods. "I've never fought Demon Saint, but this time Senior Dog is here. As a junior, I should put on a good show. When you convey your will to Demon Saint, be so kind as to let him know not to go easy on me, otherwise it would be impossible for him to defeat me."

All the demons sweated. Before this absolute power, they were unable to retort at all.

At this time, Ghost Emperor couldn't help asking, "This red-haired senior, would it be possible for this junior to ask a question?"

He had mustered up extreme courage to ask this question.

"Go ahead," Immortal Zhenyuan said.

"Dare I ask what your Daoist name is?"

"My Daoist name? In front of Senior Dog, no Daoist name is worth mentioning."

The red-haired young man narrowed his eyes and smiled. "My Daoist name is Zhenyuan."

Zhenyuan...

Hearing this, the mouths of all the demons dropped open; even Second Generation Demon Saint on the top of the holy pillar had a stunned expression on his face.

It was actually him?

Wasn't this the Venerated Immortal that only existed in legend in today's world of human cultivators?





Chapter 599 A Clash of Heavenly Dao


At that moment, all the demons couldn't stop sweating like a waterfall.

The legendary human cultivator Immortal Zhenyuan himself, who was reputed to be the only Venerated Immortal among all the human cultivators in the present age, was actually standing right in front of their eyes, and was actually willing to act as a hired thug for an unknown green-furred dog...

On top of the pillar, Sage Master had an awed expression on his face. "I checked this dog repeatedly and it's just a second-class spirit beast, but why does the legendary human cultivator Immortal Zhenyuan address it as Senior Dog?" This Sage Master had great strength, was skilled in perception and divination, and was very confident in his discernment, as could be seen from the way he had tracked Wang Ling down to a mass of pixels.

While Sage Master ultimately still didn't know the exact identity of the dog's owner, any regular person wouldn't have even been able to follow a trail to the pixels.

Sage Master sucked in a breath of air. "Is it possible that this dog truly is very strong? And my senses were wrong?"

The point was that his discernment had never failed him before!

Holding the scepter, Second Generation Demon Saint was also dazed. After a moment, he turned to look at Sage Master and said, "I don't know!"

Sage Master: "..."

It could only be said that this dog was unusual. Maybe things really weren't as simple as they had imagined, otherwise there was no way to explain the current situation at all. Before learning about Zhenyuan's true identity, they had thought that this cultivator had deigned to be this dog's thug because of its owner.

But knowing who he was now, things were different.

Because Zhenyuan's Daoist name was too renowned, not only in the human world, but also in the demon world. How could such a mythical figure who had his own pride so easily become a hired thug for someone else?

Also, one could see that this legendary cultivator was extremely deferential toward this dog, and revered it as if it was his own father, ermmm...

"What are you going to do now?" asked Sage Master as he stroked his white beard.

As Demon Saint's assistant, Sage Master was prohibited from and had no right to obstruct or interfere with Demon Saint's decision. This ban also applied to the Holy Pillar, and was a rule which the original Demon Saint had established when he had prayed to the Holy Pillar to protect the generations of Demon Saint that came after him from the interference of their "confidantes" in leading the demon world.

Second Generation Demon Saint: "Let's follow their lead. In fact, I also want to know how strong this legendary human cultivator is. Let's just be a little careful..."

"Mm."

Sage Master nodded his head. "Actually, I feel that the dog's owner is probably more formidable."

Thinking of the dead fish eyes that had filled him with dread before, Second Generation Demon Saint got goosebumps all over his body. "I would rather believe that he's an alien from outside the Milky Way."

Sage Master: "We can actually study the galaxy beyond the Milky Way later. In fact, the original Demon Saint made a science education film about it previously. Moreover, the film is an adaptation of when that orangutan from outer space almost brought the Holy Pillar down."

Second Generation Demon Saint was dazed. "There's even a science education film?"

Sage Master: "It's in the depository of classics. I'll look for it later. It's calledMy Love From the Planet of the Apes 1 ."

1(A play on the Korean drama "My Love From The Stars.") Second Generation Demon Saint: "..."

...

On the other side, Er Ha and Zhenyuan quietly waited for the four demon gods to summon Demon Saint.

Hand in hand, the four demon gods formed a circle and prayed with their eyes closed. This was a momentous scene, one which all the demons present felt would go down in the history of the demon world. In the past century, there had been constant strife in the inner territories of the demon world. It had been seven or eight hundred years since the four demon gods had last sat down together to talk things out calmly, but now they were actually working hand in hand to call upon Demon Saint.

Dozens of seconds later, the clouds in the sky parted and a brilliant blue light fell from the heavens. One after another, the demons present fell to their knees in awe and kowtowed.

Demon Saint had really responded!

Er Ha and Zhenyuan watched as a blurred figure unhurriedly landed inside that column of blue light. The blue column then vanished to be replaced by a mist which enveloped the figure at its center as it spread outward.

"Is this just a projection?" Zhenyuan's Daoist robes, which were the fiery color of maple leaves, danced in the air as he stared at Demon Saint's virtual body.

Unexpectedly, it wasn't the real person that had come, which made Zhenyuan slightly unhappy. But in the end this was just an act, and he actually didn't need to be so serious. Moreover, it wasn't like Zhenyuan didn't understand; Demon Saint had never shown his face before, to preserve a sense of mystery. Zhenyuan had always felt that this was a disease spread by some damn big-head pervert of a particular news entertainment program 2 ...

2(A reference to the online talk-variety show "Baozou Big News Events," where the host wears a huge headpiece with a comic face on it and reports ridiculous news events ..) Zhenyuan sighed in his heart. Standing with his hands behind his back, a red glow rose up under his feet to emit an even more terrifying light. Er Ha saw tremendous spirit power coalesce behind Zhenyuan into a huge figure.

This was the apparition of a Venerated Immortal.

All the demons were petrified.

The auras of Demon Saint's virtual body and a Venerated Immortal's apparition collided, and it was horrifying!

This wasn't a direct confrontation between two people, but a battle between a virtual body and a apparition was already a close approximation since if the virtual body was injured or the apparition wounded, the injury would ultimately be reflected on the original body.

The showdown was about to begin!

"Show me what a legendary cultivator is capable of..."

On top of the Holy Pillar, Demon Saint used the scepter to control his virtual body, narrowing his eyes as he gazed at Immortal Zhenyuan.

In the next moment, he tapped the ground with the scepter. Demon light instantly sprung up underneath the virtual body as it emitted a kind of power to drain things, which affected the entire demon world.

All the vegetation in the demon world started to wither.

The range of this power was very wide. It was just an aura, but every living plant for ten thousand li around started to wither, as if the whole world was being drained of color!

Was this Demon Saint's power...

All the demons turned pale with fright. In addition to the demon gods, the demon kings and demon beasts had never experienced Demon Saint's power for themselves.

"Be revived..."

Zhenyuan gave a murmur, and a pure and golden holy light shot out from his hands to illuminate their surroundings like the rising sun. This wasn't magic, but the power to verbally use a nomological law to rouse and revive the withered vegetation.

The demons stared at the plants on the ground. As the two powers collided, the plants jerked between wilting and reviving, and after reviving, wilting again, and then reviving again...

"..."

Er Ha could tell that these two people were using the virtual body and the apparition to "arm wrestle."

This was a relatively peaceful way of fighting. If their auras directly clashed, all of the demon world would suffer.

It was just that the vegetation looked a little pitiful...

"Interesting."

Looking at this clash, Demon Saint suddenly perked up.

He tapped the ground with the scepter again, increasing the power to drain things.

Very quickly, Zhenyuan felt the power to drain things emitted by the virtual body increase.

This wasn't as simple as strengthening this power. Demon Saint had added a Heavenly Dao to it so that the aura of the Heavenly Dao would bolster its strength.

Zhenyuan cocked an eyebrow, and then manipulated his apparition to also activate the power of Heavenly Dao.

"How many Heavenly Dao do you have?" At this moment, Demon Saint's voice came from the virtual body.

He felt that Zhenyuan would have three Heavenly Dao at most on him.

Immortal Zhenyuan: "Guess!"

"I can't be bothered guessing, I'll just test you directly to find out."

The virtual body smiled and immediately roared, "Holy Pillar... give me strength!"

As soon as he said the words, his power to drain things instantly increased yet again!

In just a short moment, the number of Heavenly Dao mixed into this power increased from one to six!

Zhenyuan and Er Ha were taken aback. He had even brought foreign aid?!





Chapter 600 I Already Have the Certificate


The Holy Pillar was the backbone of the will of the entire demon world.

Furthermore, it was the Holy Pillar that had created the scepter in Demon Saint's hand. It took ten Heavenly Dao at the very least for the will of a world to come into being. Therefore, even if Demon Saint had yet to reach Venerated Immortal level, as long as he was supported by the power of the will of the demon world, he wouldn't necessarily be weaker than Zhenyuan.

Er Ha had already taken this into account at the very beginning, but it hadn't expected Demon Saint to be decisive in borrowing the Holy Pillar's power to drive the will of the demon world.

Deep down, Er Ha felt something wasn't right.

This was an "arm wrestling" play being acted out, and the main stars were Zhenyuan and Demon Saint. But in fact, Er Ha realized the one that was truly being tested was itself.

With the new addition of six Heavenly Dao, Demon Saint's power to drain things was once again enhanced. This time, not only the plants, but other living creatures were also affected. Some low-level demon beasts had already fainted under the fluctuations. Every demon king of every tribe felt as if there were fishbones stuck in their throats and they even started to find it hard to breathe.

This level of power was really too terrifying, and the complexions of the four demon gods were drained of color. While they didn't experience the sensation of fishbones which the demon kings did, they did feel a weight on their shoulders which was really too heavy!

Was this Demon Saint's power...

The demon gods of the four territories gazed at the sky. Even the heaven and the earth were awash in a thick inky layer. Under the effect of Demon Saint's power, all livings things started to wither.

Zhenyuan frowned. He didn't hurry to act, but closed his eyes to sense the pressure that came with the will of the world.

He had never fought Demon Saint, so this was a rare and precious experience for Zhenyuan.

He had to admit that Demon Saint was certainly very strong.

However, Zhenyuan thought that it was still far from the shocking level that Senior Dog had shown on Drought Star back then.

They both had the power to verbally call on the nomological laws. Whoever had the stronger will would win.

Er Ha had thought that Zhenyuan would look to it for help, but he didn't.

Immortal Zhenyuan just hovered in the sky...

The next moment, he opened his eyes and his maple-red Daoist robes fluttered, though there wasn't a breeze. In the next instant, the apparition behind him had grown to twice its size and glowed with an even more devastating light than before.

Demon Saint's power to drain things was suppressed!

"You added six?" Zhenyuan looked at Demon Saint's virtual body, narrowed his eyes and smiled. "I added six, too, and they aren't from an external source."

"The number of Heavenly Dao in you isn't normal." Demon Saint stared closely at Zhenyuan.

In truth, even Er Ha was surprised. Its impression was that Zhenyuan didn't have that many Heavenly Dao! On Drought Star before, it remembered that Little Master Ling had perceived that Zhenyuan only had three Heavenly Dao.

It hadn't been that long ago...

How come all of a sudden he had so many more Heavenly Dao? Heavenly Dao wasn't like laying eggs - it couldn't be created as you please!

"This is all thanks to Senior Dog," Zhenyuan replied.

Er Ha: "???"

Zhenyuan: "Last time after Senior Dog left, I was repairing Drought Star on my own. But I never thought that repairing this planet would actually cause it to develop feelings for me, so I was able to obtain Drought Star's will of the planet."

Er Ha: "..."

Demon Saint: "..."

All the demons: "..."

There was this kind of operation?!

Demon Saint's virtual body asked, "Is this a planet you found yourself?"

Zhenyuan nodded. "That's right. I roamed the galaxy for a thousand years, and before I had traveled through one-tenth of the universe beyond the Milky Way, I finally found this Drought Star... This was probably profound destiny; I didn't think Drought Star and I would get a certificate so soon 1 ."

1(A way of saying "getting married..") Demon Saint: "Get a certificate?"

Zhenyuan: "This is a popular phrase in the modern cultivation world, and it can mean obtaining the approval of some will."

Er Ha and all the demons: "..."

What damn "get a certificate"...

For a long time, Demon Saint was silent as he felt lost for words.

Because sometimes, it was really painful to acknowledge the disparity between you and someone else! Although he had been forced to succeed as Second Generation Demon Saint back then, it had taken him nearly one thousand years to be fully recognized by the Holy Pillar. He had suffered a lot and shed so many tears; it was like drawing the gold card in a game... You put in coins ten times in a row for the draw, but never got a single gold card out of it! What a scam!

Compared with Immortal Zhenyuan, whom the system had gifted with a free raffle and had gotten the gold card, Demon Saint felt like the unlucky kid who couldn't become strong no matter how much money he spent!

At this thought, Demon Saint's heart suddenly felt stuffy.

In a blink of an eye, the power to drain things disappeared.

Second Generation Demon Saint fell to his knees on the top of the Holy Pillar with an extremely bitter expression.

Sage Master was greatly alarmed. "Second Generation! Pull yourself together, Second Generation!"

...

Demon Saint's power to drain things was gone?

Zhenyuan gave the air a strange look. Unfortunately, Demon Saint's virtual body was too indistinct and he couldn't clearly see the other party's expression and had no idea what on earth had happened.

"What's the matter?" All the demons below were puzzled.

"It's most likely just a time-out; Demon Saint's virtual body is still there and hasn't disappeared directly. The battle isn't over yet," said Ghost Emperor.

Er Ha was just about to ask about Drought Star's will when Zhenyuan turned to look at it first and smiled. "Sure enough, nothing can be hidden from Senior Dog's eyes."

Er Ha: "???"

"Senior knew from the very beginning that I had already inherited Drought Star's will, right? Otherwise, Senior Dog wouldn't have put so much faith in me and dispatched me to fight Demon Saint. I deliberately hid it from you before, but it turns out that you're so amazing!"

Er Ha remained silent. "..."

The issue was that this really had nothing to do with it! Apart from Zhenyuan's own luck, being able to inherit a planet's will was even more about his own talent.

To obtain acknowledgement from a planet's will was hard to do, extremely so!

Thus, Er Ha felt extremely ashamed.

This was indeed an enviable man...

...

Roughly two minutes later, Demon Saint's power to drain things combined with seven Heavenly Dao was revived...

" Cough cough ! My apologies."

Second Generation Demon Saint's virtual body spoke slowly. "Because I was too curious, I went to do a bit of research on a planet's will just now."

Zhenyuan couldn't help laughing. "I didn't think Demon Saint was so studious."

Second Generation Demon Saint: "There is very little information on inheriting a planet's will but your distinguished self was able to make the planet feel touched while repairing it, thus obtaining recognition from its will. This is certainly the first time I've heard of such a method."

"I was just lucky. Maybe you can try it, Demon Saint."

Immortal Zhenyuan looked at Demon Saint's virtual body and said humbly, "Now, can we continue arm wrestling?"

To everyone's surprise, Demon Saint refused. "No, let's stop..."

Zhenyuan: "Huh?"

"Now that your distinguished self has inherited the will of a planet, it doesn't make any sense for us to continue arm wrestling," Demon Saint's virtual body said. "If you don't mind, I would like to invite your distinguished self and Senior Dog to my Demon Saint's Holy Palace on top of the Holy Pillar for a chat and to discuss some things."

Zhenyuan: "About repairing the planet?"

"No, just a bit about cultivation."

Second Generation Demon Saint waved his hand and said, "I'm not good at repairing planets, but speaking about repairing things, I was the best with vehicles when I was young."

"..."

"There are vehicles with big headlights and small headlights, with soft horns and loud horns; I repaired all kinds. Sports cars, trucks, tanks, aircraft carriers... If you are interested in vehicle repair works, we can also discuss this subject."

"..."