Chapter 401 Xiao Yin's Battle


Junior Brother Han thought that anyone who calmed down and used their brain to think it over would definitely realize that something was wrong. After all, it was indeed quite difficult to connect a third-class green-furred dog to a silver-haired young man, since spirit beasts in their human forms usually had something in common with their original bodies.

But in this current situation, Junior Brother Han couldn't get a word in edgewise.

It couldn't be helped... in addition to strength, the cultivation circle had always focused on seniority. Some old-timers just liked to direct from the top of the hill of "seniority," which made the juniors feel very helpless. These seniors who preferred to look at problems through their experience tended to be pedantic, dogmatic and stubborn.

Although Junior Brother Han thought it was a trap, he indeed couldn't think of a reason to disagree with his senior brother, because the notion of transferring a spirit marker truly was a little fanciful... and it indeed couldn't happen in theory.

Xiao Yin stood on the empty construction site; he had already confirmed that there was no one else here.

He could clearly sense the two cultivators from the Demon Hunters Association who had been tailing him standing outside the iron gates. One was at the Soul Formation stage and the other at the Nascent Soul stage.

After scouting out their realms, Xiao Yin instantly felt deeply disappointed — they were so weak it was embarrassing!

Generally speaking, in a situation with unequal realms, the most difficult thing to do was the legendary "show mercy," but apparently Xiao Yin didn't have to worry about this problem at all today... he recalled the instruction Lord Thunder had conveyed earlier, and that was to kill these two elders of the Demon Hunters Association without revealing his identity.

This meant that he could exterminate them without worries.

As for whether they could use these two elders to lead them back to the president of the Demon Hunters Association, that had nothing to do with Xiao Yin.

So, how to kill these two in the most painful and wretched way possible?

Xiao Yin narrowed his eyes and smiled slightly as he cupped his chin and pondered.

News about the Demon Hunters Association had spread throughout the city in the last two days, so it was impossible that Xiao Yin didn't know what had happened. Besides, the reason why holy beasts had died out previously was due to the workings of organizations similar to the Demon Hunters Association which disregarded life for the sake of profit and viewed living things as mustard grass which they slaughtered indiscriminately.

This type of people deserved to be put to death.

While he was pondering, Xiao Yin's ears suddenly moved; a bright ball of light shot up into the sky like a firework outside the large iron gates.

In the next moment, rays of light extended out of the ball and turned into hooks that lunged at him.

"A trapper ball?"

Xiao Yin could tell what this ball of light was with one glance.

A trapper ball was a once-off magic treasure commonly used to capture spirit beasts. If it failed, then it would be nullified. Additionally, it was expressly stipulated by law that only qualified pet trainers were allowed to possess and use this type of magic treasure.

"Tch, want to catch me with a trapper ball?" Xiao Yin's face was as unruffled as the surface of an ancient well and he wore a long-suffering expression as he blinked, his delicate eyelashes sweeping down. Without even waiting for those hooks to latch onto him, he directly stretched out his hand to catch the trapper ball.

In the end, the old Taoist had barely sent out this trapper ball when Xiao Yin squashed it to death in the air before it could even do its thing.

The light of the trapper ball vanished, signaling a failed capture.

The two elders of the Demon Hunters Association had charged through the iron gates right after releasing the trapper ball, but Xiao Yin had really been too quick. As soon as they landed, they saw that the ball was already in the silver-haired youth's hands.

"What a spicy chicken 1 ..."

1(''Spicy chicken" is 'la ji' in Chinese, which is also a homonym for "trash .. ") Xiao Yin sighed in his heart and directly crushed that trapper ball into powder.

The old Taoist was utterly stunned. "Impossible!"

This trapper ball was the best of its kind, and even had an eighty-five percent success rate of capturing a second-class spirit beast.

Xiao Yin curled his lip and didn't say anything.

Want to catch him with a trash ball... where did they get their confidence?

The old Taoist stared at Xiao Yin. "Very well, you green dog, it appears you do have some skill."

Xiao Yin: "Why am I a dog???"

The old Taoist: "Hmph! Don't think you can pass yourself off as a first-class spirit beast just by eating pills that can turn you into a human being... This old man is sharp, I saw through it already earlier on!"

Xiao Yin: "..."

Watching this scene from the side, this Junior Brother Han nearby was greatly shaken; for the young man to be able to catch the trapper ball so easily, it was already clear that he had an unusual identity.

"Senior brother, I think there's something odd about this person. How about we withdraw before we make a decision?"

The junior brother had good intentions in giving this reminder, but the old Taoist wasn't willing to listen. "Again! This time, I'll make sure he can't avoid it!"

As he spoke, the old Taoist performed some hand seals and launched another ball of light from his hand.

"There's no way I won't catch you this time!" The old Taoist smiled sardonically. This was an updated version of the previous trapper ball. It wasn't just faster and had a higher success rate of capture; more importantly, it had an "invisibility" effect.

This ball was obviously part of the old Taoist's collection, and he wouldn't use it so casually unless the situation was critical. The price of an ordinary trapper ball was a thousand immortal gold bars. As for this collector's item, Xiao Yin was guessing that it probably cost over ten thousand immortal gold bars.

Catching spirit beasts was also a game that burned money.

However, outside of the old Taoist's expectations, it wasn't even half a second after he had released the ball when this silver-haired youth actually caught it again.

The old Taoist was so alarmed he took one step back. "You..."

"Don't you have other techniques?" Xiao Yin looked at him with some disappointment.

This was definitely the least aspiring Soul Formation cultivator that Xiao Yin had ever seen. Relying on a once-off magic treasure and burning money in a fight was, in Xiao Yin's opinion, extremely hopeless behavior!

"Impossible! You're just a spirit beast! There's no other magic treasure more effective than a trapper ball for dealing with a spirit beast!" The old Taoist was so furious that he was trembling all over. "Junior brother! Take out our trump card!"

"Senior Brother Canglan..."

"I'll take responsibility for the loss!"

The old Taoist snarled; things had already come to this point, and he knew there was no turning back.

Then, the junior brother next to him helplessly took a trapper ball studded with crystals out of their storage bag. This was their last trump card. This trapper ball was also the most advanced of its kind — the master ball! It had a success rate as high as one hundred percent at capturing a first-class spirit beast!

"Go! Master ball!" the old Taoist roared!

Xiao Yin: "..."

A brilliant light burst forth from the master ball.

Then, with a sigh, Xiao Yin reached out again to choke this ball of light to death in the air...

"No way... that's impossible!" The old Taoist widened his eyes. This master ball was already their last and most powerful trump card! It had a success rate as high as one hundred percent at capturing a spirit beast - how could it be blocked so offhandedly?

Xiao Yin held the master ball between two fingers, and the corners of his mouth couldn't help twitching.

Indeed...

This master ball was very strong and very rare.

Even when it was used to catch a first-class spirit beast, its success rate was as high as one hundred percent.

However, the problem was that he was a holy beast...





Chapter 402 It Was Really a Sudden Death...


Xiao Yin had thought that it would be an interesting fight at first. Although the gap between their realms was certainly a little big, he could at least get a bit of a workout from it... However, this old Taoist was too weak! He had just been throwing trapper balls from beginning to end, which greatly disappointed Xiao Yin.

In the end, this was also because of the effect which the current era of peace had had on cultivators... they lived such easy and comfortable lives that they had no resolve at all to temper actual combat skills. In Xiao Yin's view, just possessing a realm was useless; actual combat skills and realm were equally important. In the past, if a Soul Formation cultivator couldn't throw a hundred punches in a second, he would be too embarrassed to let his realm out.

Of course, if you could perform a seckill1 with a single punch... you could totally ignore any and all criticism.

1(The common Chinese gaming term to mean killing an enemy within seconds.) Although it could be said that there were many great cultivators in this era, you had to admit that the weakening of actual combat skills among modern cultivators had already become a trend, just like an aging population.

In the past, it had all been about spells and combat skills, but these had fallen to the wayside as more and more cultivators chose to use magic treasures... In short: more and more inferior cultivators were popping up.

In previous eras, the strong were honored and their strength was supreme.

But in this day and age, realm wasn't in fact the only criterion... From what Xiao Yin could see, if the criteria important to modern cultivators were ranked in order from the top down...

They would more or less be... intelligence, realm, then money...

Could you live without realm in this era?

Of course you could! You just needed to be an honest person and live a law-abiding life.

Could you live with money and no realm?

Of course you could! Money was omnipotent in any age, and would make the devil turn millstones. There were plenty of rich households nowadays who threw their money at all kinds of resources and treasures in order to enhance their children's physique. Lin Xiaocong, that famous second generation kid who previously had always been mentioned in high school circles, was a good example.

Then, the last question was: Could you live without intelligence...

Staring at the old Taoist in front of him who looked like he already had one foot in the grave, Xiao Yin couldn't help sighing in his heart.

If this old Taoist was half as intelligent as his junior brother, he wouldn't have fallen to this fate today.

Xiao Yin blinked; his eyelashes were very long, and people often mistook him for a girl just by his eyes. The moon shone on his long silver hair so that it glowed with radiance, and coupled with the white shirt he was wearing, he gave off a holy and pure air from a distance.

Then, in front of these two cultivators of the Demon Hunters Association, Xiao Yin started to release his aura...

The old Taoist who was the leader rubbed his eyes, and his expression quickly changed at this aura. "Be careful, junior brother!"

The spiritual pressure was like a great Demacian magic sword falling from the sky2 to directly pierce their heads!

2(Demacian Justice is a skill utilized by the character Garen in League of Legends, in which he falls from the sky with a magic sword ..) These fellow brothers instantly couldn't withstand the boiling of their qi and blood, and Junior Brother Han who was slightly weaker directly vomited a mouthful of blood.

"He's going to do something big!!" The old Taoist's face changed dramatically.

From his experience, a mighty spiritual pressure usually descended first before an ultimate move was released.

Hearing his words, Xiao Yin was speechless. This was nothing - he hadn't even released twenty percent of his qi!

"Both of you are completely unworthy of my ultimate move." Xiao Yin couldn't help yawning; this fight was too boring.

When all was said and done, there were too few people nowadays who could force him to unleash his intrinsic spirit field.

So even until now, Xiao Yin's battle with Wang Ling back then was still fresh in his memory.

He had lived for eight thousand years, and it was only in that one battle that he had distinctly felt a suffocating sense of suppression.

Holy beasts would never yield easily to humans, but because of that battle, Xiao Yin had taken the initiative to choose Wang Ling himself.

"Let's finish this." Thinking this, Xiao Yin's expression turned firm; he had no plans to continue playing with these two people.

Then, his pupils contracted slightly; the spiritual pressure in the air suddenly increased, and a fierce and massive wave rolled out from Xiao Yin at the center. The ground split open, and the bricks and roof tiles around the site floated up as if they were weightless.

As the pressure continued to increase, a silver symbol appeared between Xiao Yin's eyebrows.

"Itinerant Immortal Mark!" exclaimed the two fellow brothers.

At this moment, the old Taoist was bathed in cold sweat. The situation was completely out of his expectations; to be honest, he had already sensed that something was wrong when Xiao Yin had caught the master ball. He should have listened to his junior brother earlier. Maybe they really had the wrong person, and maybe the soul marker really had been tampered with...

Hence, it was likely that this young man was an expert who had switched places with the green-furred dog. His realm was perhaps higher than the Soul Formation stage, maybe even at the Void Refinement stage... But there was no way that the old Taoist could have expected the silver-haired young man standing in front of them at this moment to be an Itinerant Immortal.

There were other realms above the Soul Formation stage like the Ascension and Void Refinement stages, but at the same time, there were three main realm phases known as Perfected Being, Itinerant Immortal and True Immortal.

The moment the Itinerant Immortal Mark had blossomed, the old Taoist had already understood that this wasn't something that he, a Soul Formation cultivator, could contend against. Even if he had ten, twenty, a hundred trapper balls... in the end they would all be crushed!

"Goodbye, the two of you!" Xiao Yin smiled slightly. He didn't even use any spells, because he didn't need to at all.

His pressure alone was enough to force the old Taoist and his junior brother to their knees on the ground as they twitched all over.

"You're not a spirit beast?"

The old Taoist was unreconciled to this fact. He clenched his teeth, his expression both a little resentful and remorseful.

This was because even a first-class spirit beast could only cultivate until the Void Refinement stage at the most; there was absolutely no way it could become an Itinerant Immortal! Itinerant Immortal was the general term for the phase between the Fusion stage and the Ascension stage, so there was no spirit beast in this world that could ever cultivate to the level of Itinerant Immortal and consolidate the Itinerant Immortal Mark!

"SInce you're going to die, let me show you something." Xiao Yin spread his hands; to let someone die with regrets was very shameful behavior. Since the two men were going to die, he thought that there was no harm in revealing his identity a little.

Then, in the next moment, old Taoist Canglan and his Junior Brother Han saw an image of a holy beast appear behind Xiao Yin: it was a white unicorn with outspread wings, poised for flight!

This image flashed in front of them for less than a second...

But the old Taoist already understood Xiao Yin's identity in that moment.

He widened his eyes in disbelief!

"Bzz!"

Xiao Yin increased his spiritual pressure.

Unable to withstand this overwhelming pressure, the old Taoist and his Junior Brother Han instantly bled from the seven orifices of their heads and died suddenly on the spot.





Chapter 403 Xiao Yin is Arrested Once Again


While this battle seemed very long and tedious, Xiao Yin only took less than five minutes to defeat his opponents. In the end, the disparity in realms still couldn't be made up with magic treasures. This was in fact an error on the part of many modern cultivators, who believed that as long as their magic treasures were strong enough, they could forcibly outclass their opponents in a fight... But the truth was that if their realms weren't high enough, no matter how powerful their magic treasure was, it would be difficult to release even ten or twenty percent of its capabilities.

After successfully killing the two cultivators of the Demon Hunters Association, Xiao Yin sent a message to the chat group to explain that the matter had been resolved.

Dharmaraja replied almost a second later. "So fast?"

In front of his screen, Fang Xing couldn't help laughing. "This was a nuecaiju 1to begin with!"

1(translates to 'noob smackdown'..) This was a holy beast who could unleash an intrinsic spirit field! In a situation where Xiao Yin was allowed to fight, Fang Xing felt that apart from Wang Ling, he was the only other person in the group who could put up a fight against Xiao Yin.

However, the difference was that Fang Xing would have to use the two supreme spells "White Night Spell" and "Immortal Mode," just like in his battle against the Master of Immortal Mansion back then, before he could fight Xiao Yin, while it would be enough for Wang Ling to perform as he always did.

"Xiao Yin, remember to clean up the bodies; be careful when you're doing so, in case of any traps." Lord Thunder sent Xiao Yin a private message.

Xiao Yin nodded, hands on his hips and a very relaxed look on his face.

With two pu pu sounds...

He spat twice on the two corpses.

While this behavior looked pretty uncivilized and it wasn't recommended that anyone imitate it, the phlegm of a silver unicorn contained potent acidity, and was a natural corpse liquid. As long as the corpse's realm was below Xiao Yin's, it could be instantly dissolved.

Hence, disposing of these two bodies was no trouble at all for Xiao Yin.

Furthermore, there were no surveillance cameras around the site, so it could be said that he had perfectly dealt with the aftermath.

Just as Xiao Yin dusted his hands off, preparing to leave, there was suddenly the sound of police sirens from the nearby streets.

Xiao Yin wanted to leave, but it was too late. Several police cars sped into the construction site and surrounded him. A dozen headlights illuminated him, and he involuntarily lifted his hands to block out the piercing glare.

What was going on here?

Xiao Yin had utterly no idea why the police would have noticed this place.

Before making a move, he had clearly been very careful to make sure that there was no one around!

A captain got out of a police car, followed by a young man in a tie and suit who looked like an office worker and who trembled behind the captain.

The captain patted the young man on the shoulder. "Don't be afraid. Tell me what you saw."

Xiao Yin instantly started to sweat... He hadn't expected to be seen fighting just now! That shouldn't have been possible!

But if someone had really seen him kill the two cultivators of the Demon Hunters Association, he really would be unable to defend himself...

Xiao Yin raised his hands, an innocent expression on his face. "Police uncle, I didn't do anything!"

He knew that there were no surveillance cameras nearby... If this young man really had seen something, it would be okay as long as Xiao Yin denied it.

Right! That was right! He had the right to remain silent!

"Rubbish!"

The young man pointed at Xiao Yin and bellowed, his eyes showing extreme righteous indignation.

"..." Looking at this scene, the song Cold 2 started to play in Xiao Yin's heart...

2(From the 2017 Chinese TV drama 'Eternal Love') This young man's tone sounded very firm, as if he had proof.

If that really was the case, then that was bad...

The captain: "Calm down, sir. Just speak slowly."

"I'm a construction engineer at this construction site. When I was passing by after work, I noticed some activity inside..."

The young man pushed his glasses up, then pointed at Xiao Yin. "I went round the back and noticed that this man was deliberately wrecking things in the construction site! I definitely saw it! All the rubble and bricks nearby were floating in the air! And I also saw him..."

"..."

Hearing this, Xiao Yin secretly thought that this was bad; perhaps the young man really had really seen something.

"I also saw him..."

The young man trembled with anger as he spoke. "I also saw him... spit!"

Xiao Yin: "...Huh?"

After that, the weight finally lifted off the young man, and he breathed a sigh of relief. "Although I only saw him from behind when I was around the back, I definitely didn't see wrong! He did spit! Two large mouthfuls of phlegm, on the ground!"

Xiao Yin: "..."

After the young man finished explaining Xiao Yin's offenses, the captain's expression turned slightly heavy as he gazed at Xiao Yin. "Young lady, what are you doing in this construction site so late at night?"

Xiao Yin: "Cultivating... what's wrong with cultivating here?!"

It was indeed a little unscientific to show up in the middle of the night at a construction site that had been locked up...

"Cultivating here in the middle of the night?" The captain couldn't help the way his eyebrows twitched. "But that's not a good reason for you to deliberately wreck someone else's construction site. Furthermore, you even spat everywhere... You're such a pretty girl, why are you so uncivilized? Why did you spit?"

Xiao Yin: "When I was cultivating... I suffered an inner deviation... so I spat to get rid of some of the heat! Is there anything wrong with that?"

"..."

The police officers around him, along with the young man who had given evidence, were all stunned.

Unexpectedly, they couldn't find any damn hole in this perfect response, which was like Difaso 3 .

3(Difaso, or Dihuazhixiu, is actually a Chinese haircare brand, but the word has become a meme used to mean that someone's behavior is awesome ..) The captain drew in a sharp breath and looked at Xiao Yin gravely. "Young lady, you spat and also deliberately wrecked someone else's construction site... According to public security administration regulations, we need to detain you for fifteen days. Please come with us!"

Xiao Yin: "..."

...

Seven o'clock at night, Anning District Cultivation Police Station, Songhai city.

Xiao Yin was in handcuffs in front of a police officer who was preparing to take his statement.

He had been in the interrogation room for about ten minutes before two police officers had pushed the door open and entered. When the police little brother responsible for taking down the statement saw Xiao Yin, they looked at each other in dismay and astonishment.

The corners of the police officer's mouth twitched as he couldn't help cursing. "Damn it! Why is it you again?!"

"..."

Xiao Yin also hadn't expected to actually run into an acquaintance here. He had specially memorized the name of this police little brother from the last time; he was called Gao Tian, Officer Gao.

Next was the standard interrogation process.

After the two police officers sat down, the officer responsible for the interrogation was the first to speak.

"Name."

"Xiao Yin."

"I'm asking for your real name..."

Next to him, Officer Gao couldn't help sweating. "His name really is Xiao Yin, he's been here before."

Xiao Yin couldn't help sighing. "It really is convenient to have an acquaintance..."

The two police officers: "..."

The corners of Officer Gao's mouth twitched. "Don't try to butter me up... Tell us, why were you cultivating on someone else's construction site?"

Xiao Yin laughed in his heart as he stared at Gao Tian. "I missed you."

Officer Gao: "..."

Next to him, the police officer who was originally in charge of questions couldn't help letting out a "Yooo"...





Chapter 404 What Fur


Thus, close to midnight today, Lord Thunder specially went to the police station to bail Xiao Yin out. Song Qingshu, who had been serving as Lord Thunder's housekeeper after leaving Mo Immortal Castle, stopped the black car that he was driving outside the entrance. Actually, Song Qingshu knew more about the police station than Lord Thunder.

When he had been with Mo Immortal Castle, Song Qingshu's role as leader was to act as a liaison in his field of networks. Since Xiao Yin had just been detained, it would normally be completely impossible to bail him out at this time. However, Song Qingshu had taken care of it with his connections.

He might have already left Mo Immortal Castle, but over the years, he had planted a lot of spies in local agencies all over Songhai city; even Mo Immortal Castle was unaware of their existence.

Most importantly, these people were completely trustworthy because Song Qingshu had supported and helped all of them during their most difficult times; he had even saved some of them.

Hence, he wasn't a bad person fundamentally, otherwise it would have been impossible for Lord Thunder to let this person remain by his side to work.

When Lord Thunder brought Xiao Yin out, it had just gone midnight. The rear car door opened, and Xiao Yin directly dove headfirst into the car like a paralyzed geyou.1

1(A reminder that Ge You is an actor who starred in a TV comedy sitcom called 'I Loved My Family.' A screencap of a scene where he's slouching down on a sofa low enough that he's almost lying flat became a Chinese online viral meme.) Today... was so damn tiring!

First was the inhuman exchange of four thousand milliliters of holy beast blood for twenty crispy noodle snack packets, and then he had become the target of people from the Demon Hunters Association on his way home, which was immediately followed by him being sent to the police station to give his statement... Why had so many things happened in just one day?

Lying on the back seat, Xiao Yin couldn't figure it out no matter how he puzzled over the matter.

Then he realized a very serious problem.

It was fine if he didn't go out, but when he did, he suffered disaster! And if it wasn't the hospital he ended up in, it was the police station...

"I definitely offended this year's taisui2!" Xiao Yin suddenly sat up straight and shook his head bitterly as he lamented loudly.

2('Taisui' refers to the stars directly opposite the planet Jupiter in its twelve-year orbital cycle, which are personified as gods. It's believed that those who possess particular characteristics that clash with the taisui or god of a current year will encounter struggles or misfortune or die young in that year.) In the front passenger seat, Lord Thunder almost spat blood when he heard this.

Offending the taisui...

How can the taisui be older than you?!

"Come to think of it, aren't you a little too free every day, Senior Immortal?" Xiao Yin asked, hands clasped under his head.

"..." As the driver, Song Qingshu almost stamped on the brakes when he heard this question. Since he hadn't participated in the crackdown on Immortal Mansion, he didn't know Xiao Yin's real identity. However, he had a feeling that Xiao Yin was more than just Lord Thunder's distant relative.

In the current cultivation circle at least, Lord Thunder was so renowned that there basically wasn't anyone who would dare ask him such an impolite question. Additionally, the term 'distant relative' was in fact quite vague...

Therefore, Song Qingshu had always been inwardly suspicious about Xiao Yin's real identity; he just hadn't dared say anything.

When Lord Thunder heard Xiao Yin's question, the corners of his mouth couldn't help twitching. "Brother Xiao Yin, why do you say that?"

Xiao Yin: "Look, every time I run into trouble, you'll immediately come rushing to the scene. Also, I've realized that you're very concerned about me. When I came out of the police station earlier, I heard people wondering whether you were my father."

Lord Thunder took a deep breath. "...Brother Ling entrusted you to me."

Otherwise why would he care about all this shit! Who wanted to go running to the police station all the time...

Xiao Yin was startled. "Master?"

Lord Thunder's face was expressionless as he turned to look at Xiao Yin, as if his heart was exhausted. "Brother Ling felt that you don't know much about the ways of the world, and there are times when your words and behavior can easily cause misunderstandings. Especially when you're at the police station; if you're able to remain silent, then try your best to do so."

Xiao Yin looked puzzled. "Why?" He felt that Officer Gao at the police station was a very good man...

Lord Thunder: "Think about it; if you say something out of place at the police station, it's very easy for them to assume that you're drunk or high on drugs, and they might drag you off to do a blood test."

"There's this kind of operation?!" Listening to Lord Thunder, Xiao Yin immediately understood how serious his situation was.

If he was really dragged off to get a blood test done and they detected his holy beast blood, then everything was over...

After that, it was silent in the car for a while. Both Lord Thunder and Xiao Yin were well aware of the situation, and only Song Qingshu looked bewildered... Listening to what had been said, this incident had something to do with Senior Ling again?

However, this reinforced Song Qingshu's view of Xiao Yin at that moment.

This Brother Xiao Yin's identity was absolutely not simple, if he was connected to Senior Ling!

When the car was about to reach the villa, Lord Thunder spoke up once again. "Finish what you have to do for Senior Ling as soon as possible."

Xiao Yin: "Okay..."

Xiao Yin knew that Lord Thunder was talking about giving blood; he still owed Master six thousand milliliters of holy beast blood...

Lord Thunder: "If your body is hurt in some way, remember to eat a packet of crispy noodle snacks; it'll bring out the maximum effect..."

Xiao Yin scratched his head in puzzlement. "What does that mean???"

"Exactly what I said."

Lord Thunder sighed. "You'll know once you eat one. This is something Senior Ling gave you... Of course, if you're willing to give me one, I have no complaints."

Xiao Yin sunk into deep thought at these words, and he recalled what that brawny brother Pen at the Wang family's small villa had said to him previously.

There were many times when three men talking would create a tiger3...

3(When repeated rumor becomes a fact.) Lord Thunder had done well for himself in the cultivation circle over the years. There wasn't any treasure that he hadn't seen, so why was he so attached to a packet of crispy noodle snacks?

Could it be... that the crispy noodle snacks which Master had given him really had magical effects?

Xiao Yin's attitude started to change from complete disbelief to mild skepticism.

"You want a crispy noodle snack?" Xiao Yin patted Lord Thunder on the shoulder and laughed.

Lord Thunder's entire body shuddered. "..."

Xiao Yin: "How about this, I'll give you a packet. After all, I've been living at Senior Immortal's house, and actually I'm a little sorry about the inconvenience."

Lord Thunder: "Really?"

"Of course! But I have a small request..." Xiao Yin said. "Tonight, I'll have to trouble Senior Immortal to please help me brew a pot of immortal mountain snow lotus tea; the best would be the one that's six hundred years old... Remember to count up to two hundred and thirty-three seconds after the spirit water has boiled before filtering the tea - that's when it's at its most fragrant!"

Song Qingshu broke out in a sweat. Six hundred year-old immortal mountain snow lotus... This was the most expensive tea in Lord Thunder's villa, its value incomparable.

Even Lord Thunder himself wouldn't normally drink it...

But contrary to Song Qingshu's expectations, Lord Thunder actually gritted his teeth and replied, "Fine!"

Xiao Yin stretched his legs out and crossed them as he sat facing forward, looking very pleased. "I'll have to trouble Senior Immortal to please massage my shoulders at night..."

The corners of Lord Thunder's mouth twitched. "Alright..."

His voice was trembling...

Song Qingshu was speechless. What kind of distant relative was this? This was just like taking care of a young master!

Xiao Yin hadn't expected Lord Thunder to agree so readily.

It suddenly occurred to him that he hadn't taken a bath in a long while...

For a holy beast like him, taking a bath in his human form didn't work to clean him, so he had to turn back into his beast form.

Seeing how agreeable Lord Thunder was, Xiao Yin said bluntly, "Lastly, when I take a bath in the evening, Senior Immortal, please brush my fur4 for me..."

4(Yes, horses have hair and not fur in English, but the word 'mao' in Chinese can encompass both.) Lord Thunder: "..."

Song Qingshu was also directly stupefied.

Fur?

What fur...





Chapter 405 Carrying an Old Man Around


It was the 9th of July on a Sunday.

First thing in the morning, a young man in white with long hair down to his waist and a long sword on his back appeared at the entrance to the Wang family's small villa.

After getting the news about the Immortal's Treasure House, Lord Thunder had been feeling excited all night.

When he had picked Xiao Yin up from the police station to take him back, he had been thinking about it the whole time.

For everyone in the cultivation circle, this was the mysterious trove of riches that Immortal Zhenyuan had left behind, and it wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that this was the treasure which every single cultivator was madly pursuing.

After word of the Immortal's Treasure House had gotten out, cultivators both at home and abroad had been searching for clues to it. This was the wealth left behind by a Venerated Immortal, and everyone wanted a piece of the pie.

Lord Thunder had barely stepped toward the villa's front door when a familiar light green figure came into view.

At that moment, Er Ha was breathing evenly as it sat cross-legged at the villa's front door. With the power of the Heavenly Eye, Lord Thunder could see incorporeal spirit energy circulating strongly and endlessly inside Er Ha's body.

It was very obvious that Er Ha's aura was completely different to what Lord Thunder had seen a few days ago.

To describe it with an illustration, if Er Ha's aura had been withered and dying before, it was now like the coming of spring when everything came to life.

Lord Thunder was a little shaken in his heart. Just one immersion in holy beast blood had actually been able to produce such a huge change!

Brother Ling was in the end Brother Ling! His judgment was as sharp as always! The holy beast blood had had an effect!

Lord Thunder sighed in his heart. He felt that this could even be incorporated into a research topic for today's cultivation science academies —"The Impact of the Degree of Rapport Between Soul and Body on the Engendering of Transformation in Realm."

This was a topic that was still being heavily studied to this day.

A long time ago, before the age of peace, the Body Possession Spell had been prevalent in the cultivation world. There were some powerful cultivators who, on their deathbeds, would choose to find young cultivators and, by casting the Body Possession Spell, extinguish their souls and possess their bodies.

However, there were a lot of limitations to the Body Possession Spell, and one of the most difficult ones had to do with the rapport between soul and body.

To use layman terms, the Body Possession Spell also had to pay attention to compatibility!

Of course, against the backdrop of the current Spirit Energy Information era, the Body Possession Spell had been classified as a forbidden spell. However, its use was permitted in related medical fields.

Every year, there would always be people who died from incurable conditions, and some would donate their bodies to medicine; these bodies would be used for research on the Body Possession Spell.

The spell carried risks, and the research that was currently still being carried out was focused on minimizing the risk as much as possible (maybe even eliminating it altogether!) while achieving maximum rapport between soul and body after the Body Possession Spell was cast.

If this difficulty was resolved, the spell could be used on those who had made outstanding contributions to humankind but were on the point of dying, thereby greatly improving their chances of survival!

For Er Ha to be able to fuse the soul of a demon king with the body of an ordinary akita to this extent... It was nothing short of a miracle to Lord Thunder.

...

After waiting at the front door for a moment, Lord Thunder detected further changes in Er Ha; he noticed its body was enveloped in a faint blue spirit light.

The blue spirit light condensed together after several seconds, then billowed out like layer upon layer of waves with Er Ha at the center.

After this happened a dozen or so times, Lord Thunder then heard a soft hum, and the top of Er Ha's head glowed with light!

A second later, the light vanished, and Er Ha opened its eyes as it switched back to standing on all fours, a disbelieving expression on its dog face.

It... had actually broken through, just like that?

Er Ha was dumbstruck. When had it been that easy to advance from third class to second class? It had only been a few days!

Er Ha felt like it had cultivated some fake path!

"Sure enough, your prospects are bright when you follow Brother Ling!" Next to Er Ha, Lord Thunder couldn't help sighing with admiration. This was indeed a godly speed of progress; if word of this got out, it would probably break the record for the shortest time taken for a third-class spirit beast to advance to second class.

"Come to think of it, I've only ever seen Brother Er Ha cultivate; do you have any relevant combat skills?"

The way spirit beasts fought was actually different to cultivators. Before cultivating human forms, spirit beasts tended to focus on cultivating their combat skills... In fact, there weren't many species of spirit beasts that could cast innate spells as attack support in line with instructions from their owners.

Furthermore, the toad clan's battle style was in fact pretty unique, and vastly different to that of dog-type spirit beasts with proficient combat skills.

In layman terms... the entire toad clan was actually fatan 1 !

1(This is the Chinese term used for game characters strong enough to resist any damage to themselves.) They could take a beating...

But actually, they weren't that good at beating others up.

At most, they could use a long-range spell to spit, and so on...

There were times, after careful reflection, that Er Ha felt that the reason that bunch of demon kings had urgently pushed it out of the Gate back then was perhaps because they had viewed its toad clan as fatan ... but this was in fact a misunderstanding.

Fatan were indeed tanks 2 , but this tank was in fact only in the body of a mage! No matter how tank a mage was, could it be more tank than a genuine fighter with a hundred million health?

2(The role of a tank character in League of Legends is not so much to kill the enemy, but to disrupt them and divert focus. They thus sacrifice the ability to do massive damage for exceptional crowd control.) At this thought, Er Ha couldn't help sighing and shaking its head. "I have yet to find one to my liking."

Lord Thunder smiled. "I'll ask Brother Xiao Yin later to have a good think about it and come up with a list. Brother Er Ha can check to see if there are any suitable combat skills which you like in particular that you can practice."

Er Ha nodded. That would be good!

It had heard that the silver unicorn was eight thousand years old... he would definitely have experienced a lot!

But this matter would have to be put aside for now. Er Ha was well aware of Lord Thunder's reason for coming here today, and that was the Immortal's Treasure House.

But to be honest, even if the information about the Immortal's Treasure House as conveyed by Taoist Guang in the soul space was accurate, Er Ha still doubted that it existed in this world.

So many people wasted so many resources every year looking for it with not even a strand of hair to show for it... who knew whether this Treasure House was real or not.

But despite its skepticism, since they now had clues to the Treasure House, Er Ha itself in fact did want to hear what Taoist Guang had to say.

"Is the senior who has clues to the Treasure House inside now?" Lord Thunder asked as he followed Er Ha into the house.

He changed into slippers with the ease of habit, as familiar with the house as if it was his own.

"It's a little complicated..."

Walking to Wang Ling's bedroom, Er Ha said, "In short, that senior... is deep in my mind and in my dreams."

Lord Thunder's complexion changed. "...What? Is carrying an old man around in your head starting to become a trend now? Shouldn't he be inside a ring 3 ?"

3(This refers to a trope in Chinese wuxia novels where a protagonist is inevitably instructed by an old, experienced mentor. This specific scenario might also be referencing the novel 'Battle to the Heavens,' in which the protagonist wears a ring which his mentor is trapped in..) Er Ha: "..."

Lord Thunder couldn't help sighing... Nowadays, he was beginning to understand trends in the cultivation circle less and less! Sure enough, he was getting old!





Chapter 406 Ling Zhenren Learns to Refine Weapons in Ten Minutes!


When Lord Thunder followed Er Ha upstairs, he happened to see Father Wang come out of the study yawning as he walked toward the washroom; he guessed that Father Wang had probably stayed up all night again to write.

He was startled when he saw Father Wang's two eyes... Considering how high Senior Wang's realm was, for him to consume such massive amounts of energy to write this novel, it probably contained some sort of amazing philosophy!

Every online novelist had a fan club which attracted diehard fans. Last time, Lord Thunder had seen how the number of Father Wang's club members had dominated all others to climb to the top of the list with more than thirteen million fans, while the author in second place only had two million fans.

Lord Thunder had specially read The Live Streaming Life of the Immortal King and bought a wave of gifts for the sake of finding something in common with Father Wang.

To be honest, Lord Thunder felt that this novel was well-written, and given the current mainstream trend, was commercially profitable! But there was something that he still hadn't figured out, and that was Father Wang's purpose in writing this novel.

Given his high cultivation realm, was he just writing this novel to make money?

There had to be some secret hidden in it that Father Wang wanted people to know!

It looked like he needed to investigate further...

Lord Thunder watched Father Wang enter the washroom as he pondered in his heart - he would definitely discover the secret in this novel! Perhaps it contained Senior Wang's cultivation secret!

Standing at the door to Wang Ling's room, the corners of Er Ha's eyes twitched when it noticed that the young man in white was slow to enter as he stared at Father Wang's back.

It knew that Lord Thunder's imagination was most likely starting to run wild again.

...

Wang Ling had already been waiting for quite a while inside the room.

Lord Thunder had thought about the Immortal's Treasure House the whole night, and naturally so had Wang Ling.

Given that cultivators all over the world had been doing all they could to look for clues to this Treasure House, but with nothing to show for it, this Taoist Guang might be the only person with inside information, and no one else except Wang Ling, Er Ha and Lord Thunder knew of his existence.

This would be world-shaking news to any cultivator, and the young man in white was deeply aware that Wang Ling had been willing to tell him about this out of trust.

"Brother Ling, I've brought the thing." Entering the room, Lord Thunder made himself at home and directly sat down cross-legged on the floor.

Then, he took out a red and black multifaceted crystal.

Wang Ling had specially asked him to bring this thing here; it was called a magnetic stone. Back when they had caused havoc at Immortal Mansion, Lord Thunder had plundered and taken a lot of uncommon materials, and this magnetic stone was one of them. It was far more valuable than the primordial black crystal that had been incorporated into the stone ghost mask back then, and was classified as an extremely rare type one material of the highest grade.

Wang Ling did have some knowledge about refining weapons; their grades could be divided into four types and five levels.

As a type one, first-class weapon, a magnetic stone was priceless.

But Lord Thunder still didn't know what Wang Ling wanted it for.

"That Senior Taoist Guang is currently sealed inside a soul space now, and I'm connected to it," said Er Ha.

Putting this together with what Er Ha had said previously, Lord Thunder suddenly understood a little better. "No wonder Brother Er Ha said that that senior was in your dream. It appears that once you start to dream, your soul will enter the space."

Speaking up to this point, Lord Thunder was a little amazed; this was clearly a great technique that only a great senior would possess. This was enough to prove that this Taoist Guang's level wasn't low; he had to be a peak Itinerant Immortal at the very, very least, with strength that was very close to the Ascension stage.

"Since this Taoist Guang is inside a soul space, this confirms that his real form is actually that of a soul. His strength is probably weaker in this state, right? What realm is he at now?"

Er Ha felt there was nothing to hide. "True Immortal."

Despite his circumstances, he was still a True Immortal...

"This Taoist Guang is pretty powerful..." Lord Thunder judged almost immediately. True Immortals were truly rare; apart from General Yi, the people they'd run into during recent major events, like the Master of Immortal Mansion, were just Itinerant Immortals.

"You're not nervous?" Er Ha suddenly asked as it stared at the young man in white.

"Why should I be nervous..." Lord Thunder was speechless. "In this villa, aren't Senior Wang and Old Senior Wang True Immortals?"

Hearing this, Er Ha almost sniggered...

As expected, this fanciful misunderstanding still persisted until now!

Looking at Lord Thunder's ability to make things up, Er Ha felt it would be pretty difficult to clarify this misunderstanding.

It had to be mentioned that it was because of Lord Thunder's wild imagination that broccoli had become extremely pricey on the market. Er Ha had even seen on the news previously that the City Bureau of Quality Supervision was looking for the culprit behind this price inflation... when Er Ha had seen this news, it had almost spat out the houseflies it had eaten that night.

"By the way, what on earth does Brother Ling want to do with the magnetic stone?" Lord Thunder couldn't help asking as he saw Wang Ling rub the magnetic stone between his fingers while he flipped through reference books at his study table.

"Do you still need to ask? Magnetic stones are a rare source material and there is none other more suitable for refining a ring. That senior is currently still trapped in the soul space, so we have to move Taoist Guang's soul space into the ring!" Er Ha replied.

The corners of Lord Thunder's lips twitched. "..." After going around in circles, they still had to use a ring!

As expected, did the old man and the ring come as a pair?

Then when it rained... would the old man and the ring be even more of a match1 ?

1(This is a random adaptation of a line used in a Dove Chocolate ad ..) "That... what is Brother Ling looking at now?" Lord Thunder covered his mouth and asked in a whisper.

He was sitting cross-legged behind Wang Ling. After Wang Ling had taken the magnetic stone from him, he had turned around to look through his reference books, and Lord Thunder didn't dare disturb him.

"Learning how to refine weapons," Er Ha said nonchalantly. "How can he create a ring without learning to refine weapons?"

When Er Ha said this, it hit Lord Thunder that Luo Chuang didn't know about Taoist Guang, so they couldn't ask him to refine the ring even though he was a weaponsmith.

For now, this was still a highly confidential matter.

"So Brother Ling is learning to refine weapons..." Lord Thunder nodded his head.

But very quickly, he had a stunned expression on his face as he couldn't help turning to Er Ha. "Wait! Learning to refine weapons? Are you saying that Brother Ling hasn't learned this before?"

Er Ha: "No, he hasn't, which is why he's teaching himself now."

Lord Thunder: "..."

Er Ha: "Anyway, refining weapons isn't hard."

Lord Thunder: "..."

As it spoke, Er Ha pointed at the pile of books on the table. "Little Master has read and grasped the knowledge in all these books."

Lord Thunder brought the books over and looked through them carefully. Every level of refining weapons was covered, from A Guide to Refining Weapons and Refining Weapons for Beginners to Bronze Weaponsmiths , Silver Weaponsmiths , Gold Weaponsmiths , and the last one, King of Weaponsmiths ...

Lord Thunder: "Did Brother Ling read all these last night?"

Er Ha shook its head: "No! Ten minutes ago!"

"..."

Lord Thunder broke out in a sweat. Wang Ling had learned to refine weapons up to the level of a king in ten minutes... If Luo Chuang found out, who knew how long he would curse for.





Chapter 407 Is Refining Weapons That Hard?


Seeing the resources on refining weapons piled up on the floor, Lord Thunder slowly put down the books he was holding, then obediently sat down on the floor and took a deep breath.

Hm.

After careful consideration...

He decided to forget everything that he had seen...

He couldn't imagine how heartbroken Luo Chuang would be if he saw this scene.

When had it start to become possible to teach yourself to refine weapons as if it was a science? Lord Thunder thought it was extremely mystical. This was an art that had always been handed down through the generations in the cultivation circle, and which was as old as the skill of refining elixirs... Then, did that mean that Brother Ling could teach himself to refine elixirs?

At this thought, Lord Thunder silently wiped at his sweat.

Of course, Wang Ling wasn't human!

It really seemed that nothing was impossible for him.

To be a weaponsmith at the level of a king after ten minutes of self-study... Lord Thunder felt that once again, he had witnessed a historical moment.

After picking up this skill through self-study, he wouldn't need to look for someone to refine weapons for him in the future! — Learn bit by bit and pay nothing to refine a weapon.

"But why hasn't Brother Ling learned this before?" Lord Thunder couldn't help asking.

He asked his question in a very soft voice so as not to disturb Wang Ling while he studied. He knew Wang Ling's habit, which was that no one could bother him when he was studying; it was like stroking cat fur in the wrong direction, which would make the cat puff up in anger.

Er Ha replied quietly, "Little Master Ling felt that he should focus his energy on his main concern."

Lord Thunder: "What's that?"

Er Ha: "Weekly tests, monthly tests, midterm exams."

Lord Thunder: "..."

Er Ha: "Everything should be ranked in order of priority..."

Actually, there was a second half to its words which Er Ha didn't voice; it had initially wanted to say that Wang Ling usually spent a very limited amount of time on studying everyday - five minutes at most! After all, the art of refining weapons was a little more complicated than the courses in high school, so it should in fact take a little more time to learn.

Er Ha felt that for Wang Ling to spend ten minutes to study the art of refining weapons up to the level of a king was already enough consideration on his part.

...

Looking at the alarm clock in the room, Er Ha thought it was just about time...

As expected, after the second hand completed another round, Wang Ling closed the book.

All the resources Wang Ling was looking at were specialist materials for the professional weaponsmith entrance exam. Lord Thunder couldn't resist taking a closer look at the book Wang Ling had just shut... What the heck, this book was even more specialized than King of Weaponsmiths ; it was three-star king level!

In fact, Wang Ling could actually go even higher in level, but forging a magic ring to contain the soul space only required him to be at three-star king level, so he decided to stop here... If he needed to forge more advanced magic weapons in the future, he would just learn it then.

Spending a few minutes more on study was nothing, after all.

Lord Thunder: "...But Brother Ling, is this really alright?" He was dubious about how effective this outrageous type of studying was.

"No problem," Wang Ling transmitted telepathically. His voice was as indifferent as usual, and he nodded nonchalantly.

Among the Three Thousand Great Spells, there was originally one called the Great Weapon-Refining Spell, but Wang Ling hadn't been able to use it because back then, he'd lacked the theoretical knowledge behind refining weapons.

But now, Wang Ling's knowledge had directly advanced to the three-star king level in a short fifteen minutes... In some sense, his ability to refine weapons was now as advanced as his understanding of the theory behind it.

He had never used the Great Weapon-Refining Spell to forge any sort of magic weapon before; this would be his first attempt.

But Wang Ling was deeply aware that using the Great Weapon-Refining Spell to refine weapons also had its limitations; this spell focused on speed in refining a weapon... but quality would depend on luck.

Wang Ling held the magnetic stone in his hand. It was quite large, the size of an adult man's fist. If used carefully, it would be enough to create ten rings.

So the first step was to melt this magnetic stone down...

Lord Thunder didn't know how to refine weapons, but he knew the process involved. Looking at Wang Ling's actions, he knew that Wang Ling was preparing to start refining.

But after looking around Wang Ling's room, he was puzzled.

"Brother Ling, where's your furnace? Did you put it away?" Lord Thunder asked.

The first step in refining weapons was to smelt the material, he knew that much!

"Hm... don't need one..." Wang Ling shook his head.

Lord Thunder was confused. Didn't need one? What did he mean?

Then, before his eyes, Wang Ling stretched out his hand, and a ball of spirit light appeared, sparkling and dazzling!

"The hell?! The legendary gold color?!" In front of this radiance, Lord Thunder was extremely alarmed.

Could it be?! Was this a legendary grade furnace?! Lord Thunder's heart trembled with all kinds of emotions. To be honest, for Wang Ling to have a legendary grade furnace given his strength wasn't strange at all.

About ten seconds later, the golden light gradually faded to reveal a rectangular black box that looked a little familiar...

The shape of this furnace was a little unique!

"Brother Ling, have I seen this magic treasure of yours somewhere before?" Lord Thunder was a little stunned.

Er Ha: "You've definitely seen it! It's our family's microwave!"

Realization dawned on Lord Thunder. "Oh... so it's the microwave!" Come to think of it, when Old Senior Wang had been frying the broccoli in the kitchen back then, Lord Thunder had taken care to observe him attentively on the side in an attempt to comprehend the path of Dao as the old man fried the vegetable.

He recalled seeing a microwave which looked like this magic treasure at that time... Hold on! Shit! What magic treasure! This was clearly the microwave!

"But what does Brother Ling need this microwave for..." No matter how much Lord Thunder thought about it, he was still puzzled, and just when he was about to open his mouth to ask, he saw Wang Ling directly open the microwave and put the magnetic stone inside it.

"..." Lord Thunder sucked in a sharp breath at this scene.

Wang Ling set the temperature to the highest setting and the time to the highest it could go and closed the door... he did all this very deftly.

And then, in front of Lord Thunder's eyes, Wang Ling turned the power on, and the microwave lit up with a hum.

Lord Thunder: "Brother Ling... what are you doing?"

In a rare moment, Wang Ling open his mouth to reply out loud, "Smelting."

Lord Thunder was thunderstruck and so agitated he straightaway stood up. "With... with a microwave? What kind of operation is this?!"

A song suddenly came to mind: We're different... different 1 .

1(From the song 'We Are Different' by singer Da Zhuang..) At Lord Thunder's feet, Er Ha was indifferent. "Senior Immortal, you've been here so many times already, can you not make a fuss over every little thing?"

Lord Thunder: "..."

Er Ha: "This is a normal operation, sit down, sit down!"

Lord Thunder: "..."





Chapter 408 Eight Classes of Divine Weapons


As expected, this microwave had also been enchanted?

Perhaps the question instead should be: Was there anything in this villa that wasn't enchanted...

Lord Thunder couldn't help wiping at his sweat; he had in fact seen a lot of transformed magic treasures here, from the fridge, the air-conditioner and the washing machine to the toilet, the wardrobe and the rice cooker... There didn't seem to be anything that had not been enchanted. As for the enchanted microwave, this was Lord Thunder's first time seeing it...

He didn't know whether these household items enchanted by Wang Ling were lethal or not, but they were definitely practical. Even if some of the furniture still looked like nothing more than decoration after being enchanted, they were like geoducks: they seemed useless but looked impressive!

Staring at the microwave that was on, Lord Thunder was lost in deep thought.

Then, very quickly, this train of thought was interrupted by a "ding" from the microwave.

What the hell?! It was done?

It hadn't even been two minutes!

Lord Thunder couldn't help twitching his lips as he did his best to contain his urge to swear.

The metal which a magnetic stone was made of was one of the harder metals used in refining weapons. In order to smelt it in a furnace, it usually required a spirit flame at a controlled temperature of more or less fifteen thousand degrees, and would take roughly two hours.

In the end, Wang Ling had managed to do it by placing the magnetic stone in an enchanted microwave for less than two minutes.

If this leaked out, how many weaponsmiths would spew mouthfuls of blood in front of their furnaces...

Very good!

It was very scientific...

Opening the microwave, Wang Ling used a gravity spell to draw out the liquid metal of the smelted magnetic stone. After smelting, the liquid metal was a dusky gold in color and had a faint sheen to it.

Manipulating this liquid, Wang Ling had it coalesce into a ball and it hovered in the air.

"Brother Ling, what's the success rate of this refining method? What are the odds of it failing?" Very curious, Lord Thunder couldn't help but ask the question.

This method of refining was really too quick; at this speed, it would really be abnormal if its success rate could still remain high! It was like using up almost all your money in a game to buy twenty weapon upgrade scrolls, directly boosting your weapon twenty-fold in one go. In a normal situation, whether it was refining weapons or a power boost, it was all a matter of probability.

Just as there was a probability of success, there was naturally a probability of failure...

Back then, who knew how many times Luo Chuang had failed while he had been trying to create the pigskin armor.

"It won't fail."

Wang Ling replied telepathically, eyes fixed on the floating ball of liquid metal.

One hundred percent success rate?

Lord Thunder sucked in another sharp breath at this; he already didn't dare reveal too much astonishment on his face, for fear of being ridiculed by the green-furred dog lying at his feet.

Actually, while the success rate of the Great Weapon-Refining Spell was very high, there was indeed still the possibility that it could fail. The reason why Wang Ling could be so confident that it wouldn't was because he still carried the effects of the Great Fortune Spell from a few days ago.

He had activated this spell when he had drawn the lottery for Father Wang, and its effects had yet to disappear.

Once activated, it could last for ten days. Because he wasn't really familiar with the spell, it had always been on the backburner until now.

It was a complete coincidence that he could use it in tandem with the Great Weapon-Refining Spell now.

With the two spells combined together, the success rate of refining a weapon had jumped to 99.99 percent - he couldn't fail even if he wanted to!

Unlike the normal weapon-refining process, there was a unique step in the Great Weapon-Refining Spell which was "modeling."

While other weaponsmiths refined weapons by hand, Wang Ling relied on meditation...

Next, standing in front of this hovering ball of liquid metal, Wang Ling did some hand seals.

Lord Thunder saw a ray of light spring forth from the seal and slowly blend into the ball of liquid metal.

"Brother Ling, what kind of ring are you forging?" Observing from the side, Lord Thunder was very curious.

There were different types of magic rings, so there were different types of spaces built into them. With the magic rings currently sold on the market, if a ring didn't have an independent space set up inside, it would be embarrassing to call it a magic ring - it would be even rarer still if the ring could hold a person!

Lord Thunder looked on with an ineffable expression on his face as Er Ha took out a atlas on refining weapons with its paws.

It was a rather worn antique book that was impressively thick; it looked like those magic texts in the western world, with a leather cover and five traditional cultivation characters inscribed on it in gold lettering: Eight Classes of Divine Weapons 1 ...

1(This is a literal translation of 八门神器,which is an app for using cheats or modifying aspects in a game.) Lord Thunder also studied the cultivation classics, so he could read these old characters.

This was indeed a atlas on refining weapons, but it actually wasn't anything uncommon at all. It was on par with an encyclopedia in the weapon-refining industry or the Four Classic Novels in the literature circle: they were circulated widely, though no one could be sure who their authors were.

Since there weren't any copyright issues with this atlas, different versions had been published by major dealers and were sold in bookstores; it was the type of book that could be found in any random Xinhua bookstore 2 .

2(China's largest bookstore chain..) Most importantly, although Eight Classes of Divine Weapons was an almost comprehensive record of all kinds of magic weapons which were described in detail, it was typically impossible to use this book as a reference to forge magic weapons.

Refining weapons was a complex art; one minor mistake could lead to failure. Although Eight Classes of Divine Weapons was comprehensive, it only gave an overview on how to forge the magic weapons and lacked exact details... To be blunt, it was an incomplete atlas.

Although every single magic weapon recorded down in it was very powerful, as far as Lord Thunder knew, no one had ever been able to refine a weapon from the book.

But he thought it was a little strange. "Brother Er Ha, why does the cover of this book seem different to what I remember?"

Er Ha: "You don't know, but this Eight Classes of Divine Weapons is the original; it was Father Wang's fan who gave it to him. All the versions reproduced on the market are more or less incomplete, but this one is complete!"

Lord Thunder was astounded. "Old Senior Wang's novel fan?"

Er Ha: "That's right, this fan said that it was to give Father Wang source material for his novels."

"What kind of novel fan can give this thing?" Lord Thunder broke out in a sweat.

Nowadays, it was considered pretty good already if authors weren't receiving razor blades in the mail from fans! Or there were those that stirred up trouble by madly sending the authors gifts to make them update... nowadays, an author's liver was in a worrying state of suffering!

Er Ha: "This fan is awesome - he even sent Father Wang cigars that not just anybody can get their hands on."

Lord Thunder: "Who is he?"

Er Ha: "Can't say, can't say..."

Lord Thunder: "..."





Chapter 409 Just Poke A Hole Through the Middle


It was Lord Thunder's first time seeing the complete version of Eight Classes of Divine Weapons . It was indeed a very well-known atlas on refining weapons, but given how there were so many versions of it on the market, even if this copy got out, it wouldn't be considered strange at all.

But a complete version was incredible.

Lord Thunder felt that it had to be some amazing senior fan who had given Father Wang this book, but after thinking about it again, he thought that it was pretty normal. Given Senior Wang's unfathomable realm, it was very normal for him to have fans who were big shots as well.

Lord Thunder felt that this was also indirect proof of how extraordinary Senior Wang's novel was!

There definitely had to be some sort of cultivation philosophy in this new novel, otherwise how could it draw in that great senior, who had gifted Father Wang with the original Eight Classes of Divine Weapons ?

"How much of the information is intact inside this original text?" asked Lord Thunder.

Er Ha: "There are some additions, but it actually isn't very complete. Compared with those reproductions on the market, the original has complete information on magic weapons that don't appear in the reproduced versions."

As it spoke, Er Ha flipped through the book and quickly found the magic ring that Wang Ling wanted to forge. "Like this magic ring which Little Master Ling wants to forge, it doesn't appear in the copies outside."

Looking at the atlas, this was a pure black ring that looked pretty ordinary, but it had a very intimidating name: Soul Suppression Ring.

According to the description in Eight Classes of Divine Weapons , the Almighty who designed this magic ring had been inspired by the tribulation dreamscape.

At the bottom of this description, it was written that the main material required for forging the Soul Suppression Ring was the magnetic stone.

And then... there was nothing else...

Lord Thunder broke out in a sweat - this description was too short! The art of refining weapons was incredibly complicated; to refine one armed with just the knowledge of the main material required - there was no way it could succeed, right?

But while Lord Thunder was thinking this, Wang Ling had already activated the Great Weapon-Refining Spell.

After Wang Ling completed the hand seal, this floating ball of liquid metal started to spin at high speed, and then it exploded with a brilliant light!

Roughly thirty seconds later, the glow faded.

Lord Thunder saw that the ball of liquid metal in the air had completely disappeared, and a series of black rings fell to the floor with clinks.

"Hm, forging complete."

With a nod, Wang Ling used the Gravitation Spell, and the magic rings on the ground flew into his hand one after one, ten rings in all.

Lord Thunder's lips twitched. "..." This was too quick a slap to the face! It was a good thing he hadn't said anything, or it would have been extremely embarrassing!

To refine a weapon, the basic material was always the most important; any additional ones used were for helping to increase the success rate of refining the weapon. Thus, in a situation with a 99.99 percent success rate, as long as you knew what the principal material and the weapon design were, there was no need to consider the supplementary materials.

This time, they had obtained ten rings in total, and the quality seemed pretty good.

Wang Ling's view on the Great Fortune Spell had now changed slightly. The reason why he hadn't used it often was that it could be too eye-catching; in any given situation, lucky people would forever be in the spotlight. But this time, he found that using the Great Fortune Spell in conjunction with refining weapons or elixirs could pull out the maximum effect!

Without a buff from the Great Fortune Spell this time, the success rate and the quality would have been much lower.

Gazing at the ten rings in his hand, Wang Ling estimated that the overall quality of nine of these Soul Suppression Rings were third-class... holy weapons.

As for the last one...

Wang Ling's eyes lit up; he had never expected to actually be able to forge a Soul Suppression Ring of this quality.

As expected, the effects of the Great Fortune Spell truly defied nature - under normal conditions and given the grade of the magnetic stone, there was less than a one in ten million chance of him forging a ring of this quality.

But Wang Ling didn't directly give voice to this thought, in case Lord Thunder was alarmed yet again.

"Brother Ling, what's the quality of these rings like?" Lord Thunder suddenly asked at that moment.

Wang Ling selected a second-class holy weapon-grade magic ring; he would use this Soul Suppression Ring as the medium to hold Taoist Guang's soul space.

Then, he picked out that last magic ring with the best quality and directly tossed it to Lord Thunder.

"Brother Ling, this is...?" The young man in white looked overwhelmed when he received the ring.

Wang Ling said indifferently, "For you."

"Brother Ling, this is too much! How can I take this?!" Even as he said the words, Lord Thunder directly put the ring on.

Wang Ling: "..."

Er Ha: "..."

The instant he put it on, Lord Thunder could feel a tremendous amount of spirit power! This magic ring was at the very least a holy weapon!

But Wang Ling was the only one to know that this magic ring wasn't so simple. Even if smith specialists like Luo Chuang were to appraise it, they probably wouldn't be able to determine its value. That was because the ring's quality was already far beyond current measurement standards - the magic ring Wang Ling had given Lord Thunder could even save his life!

To be frank, Lord Thunder had actually helped him a lot in the past.

Wang Ling did have some understanding of the ways of the world. Luck had guided the creation of this magic ring, so giving it away to repay a favor could be considered karma.

Furthermore, he had always planned to give Lord Thunder something, such as crispy noodle snacks... but that would be asking too much of Wang Ling.

After that, he placed the remaining eight rings in Lord Thunder's hands to give to the others in the chat group.

Lord Thunder was incredibly excited. "Brother Ling, this is too much! Once the chat finds out, they'll definitely be very happy!"

Hearing this, Wang Ling lowered his head in silence before saying telepathically, "Don't tell them anything, just give them the rings..."

Although Luo Chuang wasn't used to the chat and hadn't even joined the group, once the rings had been given out, he would definitely get wind of it. This was what Wang Ling was worried about, and with his reminder, Lord Thunder also recalled this point.

That's right, just give them the rings... and say nothing...

If Luo Chuang found out that Brother Ling had taken less than five minutes all up to forge these holy weapon-grade rings, he might straightaway bury his ancestral store and offer sacrifices to his ancestors...

Lord Thunder couldn't help sighing. "To tell you the truth, Brother Ling, this is the first time I've realized that refining weapons can be that easy."

Er Ha said, "Actually, the key is what you're refining. With these magic rings, isn't it just a matter of poking holes through the middle? It's actually very easy."

Lord Thunder couldn't help laughing. "Brother Er Ha, there are too many things with holes... once you cultivate a human form, I'll buy you one."

Some unsavory thoughts came to Wang Ling's mind. "..."





Chapter 410 Taoist Guang Sees the Light Again


In a normal situation, only cultivators with high realms were capable of soul space transference since the magic required was also considerably advanced. Normally, a Soul Formation cultivator could only use fifth-grade spells at the most, Perfected Beings sixth-grade, Itinerant Immortals seventh-grade and True Immortals could use eighth-grade spells.

The spell for soul space transference was an advanced eighth-grade spell.

However, there was still a risk of failure with this eighth-grade spell, and in the worst case scenario, it could even destroy the soul space. Thus, Taoist Guang had taken a huge risk back then when he had implanted the soul space into the heavenly fissure stone.

But Wang Ling could completely disregard this.

That was because the Three Thousand Great Spells were above the eighth level, and were classified as supreme spells; to be precise, Wang Ling reckoned that they were more or less at level fourteen or fifteen. Using one of the Three Thousand Great Spells to move the space would be vastly different... could an eighth-grade spell be compared with a fifteenth-grade spell? Of course not!

With the ring in his hand, Wang Ling stroked Er Ha's green head, ready to transfer the space into the Soul Suppression Ring.

There wasn't any seal to be seen, but Er Ha felt its head burn hot, though it was within a range it could still tolerate. Spirit light sprung up in Wang Ling's palm and enveloped Taoist Guang's soul space.

Taoist Guang waited calmly on his island. He had already waited for so many years, a little while longer was nothing.

Then, at that moment, he looked up at the sky.

A dazzling ray of light suddenly pierced through the clouds, swiftly suffusing them with color like the spread of golden ink. In a few seconds, the entire horizon of the soul space was covered in this light.

Taoist Guang was utterly shaken; what incredible spirit power! Even if he were to successfully pass through the Samsara Spirit Tribulation and reach his peak, it would be impossible for him to possess this level of power!

This senior was even more terrifying than he had imagined!

Just as Wang Ling's power had almost completely merged with the space, the head of a green dog was suddenly projected in the air.

Taoist Guang: "..."

Er Ha's voice resounded in the air, muffled as if it was the voice of Buddha. "Senior Pang, my master is currently moving your space. Please don't be nervous, just relax and don't resist it."

"Right..." Taoist Guang nodded his head.

He knew that the senior outside was creating a way out for him... even if Taoist Guang had been at his peak, he wouldn't have been able to resist or block this level of strength at all.

He was well aware of this point and he couldn't help sighing in his heart.

When all was said and done, this was an old senior who had grasped the essence of Dao, who was decisive and thorough in whatever he did, taking care to consider all the details... Taoist Guang felt that the gap between him and Wang Ling wasn't a small one.

After thinking about it carefully, he had already lost. Furthermore, it was a complete defeat; in terms of virtue, intelligence, physique, and a cultured mind, it appeared that there was not one aspect in which he could top Wang Ling.

...

Activating the spell this time took a little longer; it took Wang Ling a full ten minutes to implant the entire soul space into the Soul Suppression Ring. This was a True Immortal soul space, after all, so it would still resist slightly at being transferred.

Actually, this was already a hundred times faster than using a normal method of transference; the most important thing was that there truly was zero risk involved.

"You can come out, Senior Pang," Er Ha said as it stared at the Soul Suppression Ring in Wang Ling's hand.

The moment the soul space had been placed into the ring, Taoist Guang had already sensed the ring's power. His soul gradually started to emerge from the ring, and finally, his figure landed on the floor of Wang Ling's room.

Sweeping his gaze around the room, Taoist Guang saw a green-furred dog, a young man in white, and a young man with a ring in his hand.

"Many thanks, senior, for rescuing me!" Taoist Guang turned to Wang Ling at once, clasped his hands together, and bowed in thanks.

"Your turn." Wang Ling got to his feet and spoke telepathically in an indifferent tone.

He had done his part and would leave the rest to Lord Thunder; it was good enough for him to just listen on the side.

Taoist Guang had obviously noticed that Lord Thunder and Wang Ling's relationship wasn't so simple, so he turned to ask, "This brother is...?"

"I'm Brother Ling's friend, Lei Mouren. My Taoist name is Lord Thunder."

Lord Thunder answered, "Also, there are times when I moonlight as his secretary... Brother Ling, Ling Zhenren, usually doesn't like to talk, so Senior Pang will have to get used to it."

Taoist Guang nodded his head in understanding. "Of course; after all, given the realm of a capable person like Senior Ling, every single word he utters would be a mystery only known to the heavens! But having said that, why do you call him Perfected Being when Senior Ling has such a profound realm?"

"We're already used to this form of address. Brother Ling also doesn't mind, so we simply stuck to it. It's just a title, senior doesn't have to think too much about it," Lord Thunder said as he sat down on the floor.

Taoist Guang let out a sigh. "I was too particular. But on the other hand, I haven't come out in so long, and I don't know what today's social customs are like in the cultivation circle. I was sealed away for almost nine hundred years, I'm sure the world has changed a great deal since then."

Lord Thunder: "Senior Pang's level is so high, I believe your ability to adapt is also very high; you'll get used to it very quickly."

Taoist Guang hmphed before he couldn't help asking, "One last question: what kind of thing is this magic ring holding my soul?"

Lord Thunder replied, "This is a Soul Suppression Ring forged by Brother Ling."

Soul Suppression Ring?

Taoist Guang looked a little absent-minded.

"Does senior know the origin of this ring?"

"No... It just reminded me of something..."

"So let's get started. In exchange for our help, Senior Pang agreed to tell us what you know about the Immortal's Treasure House."

"Mm... I will definitely tell you every-" But before Taoist Guang finished speaking, Lord Thunder unexpectedly saw his soul directly disappear with a flash.

He turned to Wang Ling. "Brother Ling, what's going on?"

Er Ha: "Ran out of power???"

Wang Ling cupped his chin and thought for a bit. He guessed that there hadn't been enough spirit power contained in the Soul Suppression Ring when Taoist Guang's soul came out of it for the first time, which was why his soul had been pulled back inside. And in a situation where the soul was bound to the ring, if it couldn't come out, then there was no way to communicate with it.

The Soul Suppression Ring was initially a magic weapon for preserving souls, while the one on Lord Thunder's hand was of a higher quality and thus had other unique effects compared with the holy-level Soul Suppression Ring.

It would take a very, very long time for the Soul Suppression Ring to be fully recharged with spirit power...

"Brother Ling, do you have another way?" Lord Thunder broke out in a sweat at Wang Ling's telepathic analysis.

After all, a True Immortal's soul was sure to consume massive amounts of spirit power, but to be pulled back into the ring like this each time without being able to say more than a few words... this was a real headache.

"Send a computer into the ring," Wang Ling said telepathically after thinking for a while.

"There's this kind of operation?"

Both Er Ha and Lord Thunder were stunned when they heard this.

Wang Ling felt that they didn't have any other option now. Since he had been able to set the soul space in the ring, he could also send other things into the ring as well... If they could send an electronic gadget like a computer or a cell phone into the ring, Taoist Guang would be able to chat with them even if he couldn't show up.

In addition, since the soul space had been planted in the ring, Er Ha wouldn't be able to enter it through its dream again because of the change in location.

Although the ring and the old man were indeed a perfect match, after careful consideration, it wasn't like they couldn't send a computer or a cell phone into it.





Chapter 411 If You Eat More Chicken, You Can Do it Too!


This was a situation that even Wang Ling couldn't have anticipated. He had forgotten to gauge how much spirit power would be consumed when using the power of a magic treasure to manifest a soul in reality. It took a whole day to recharge the Soul Suppression Ring with spirit power, but each time Taoist Guang appeared, it was for less than three minutes, which was even shorter than Ultraman!

There were two ways to solve this problem. One was to continue to expand the storage space for spirit power in the Soul Suppression Ring, and the other was to restrict Taoist Guang's consumption of spirit power. However, the problem was that both methods required Taoist Guang to cooperate with them on the other side in order to work.

Right now, because Taoist Guang's soul space had been transferred to the Soul Suppression Ring, he was completely disconnected from the outside world until the next time the ring finished accumulating enough spirit power.

"Senior Pang must be very worried; we have to think of a way to get in touch with him as soon as possible. But Brother Ling said something earlier about sending a computer inside; how are we going to do that?"

While Lord Thunder had a limited understanding of soul spaces, he still knew the basics. The structure of a soul space was very complicated. The blueprint which Taoist Guang had given Er Ha previously had been put into the soul space at the very beginning; once it was taken out, it couldn't be sent back in again.

"The Great Sacrifice Spell," Wang Ling said telepathically, once again revealing yet another one of the Three Thousand Great Spells that he had mastered.

He seldom used this spell; it belonged to a slightly more neglected branch of the Three Thousand Great Spells. Its origin could be traced back to an ancient era when Almightys vied for supremacy. As they fought each other constantly, one day, someone finally discovered a way to use the sacrifice of living things to obtain power in a short period of time — this was the origin of the Great Sacrifice Spell.

Of course, that was a darker period of time in history, but Wang Ling had now developed a new use for this spell.

"Since Brother Ling has a way, that's fine."

Lord Thunder didn't ask detailed questions about the origin of this spell. Wang Ling had a lot of abilities that he had never heard of or seen before. The spells which each cultivator had was a relatively private matter to begin with, so no matter how close their relationship was, it would be impolite to ask rashly.

Lord Thunder then directly took out his phone and started tapping on the screen. "In that case, let's not waste time; I'll place an order first!"

Er Ha: "Place an order?"

Lord Thunder: "To buy a computer, of course! We're not going to be sending Brother Ling's own computer inside, right?"

Er Ha: "But can you be sure that Taoist Guang knows how to use it?"

Lord Thunder paused. Indeed, Er Ha had pointed out the crux of the matter. Actually, when Taoist Guang had appeared just now and Lord Thunder had said that his "ability to adapt was very high" or whatever, it was all just polite talk. For many old-timers who had been in seclusion for a good long while and lagged behind modern society by several hundred years, learning to use modern technology was much more difficult than learning an advanced spell!

Therefore, it was not enough to just buy a computer; Lord Thunder would still have to record a tutorial to teach Taoist Guang how to use it. At the very least, Taoist Guang would have to learn basic chat functions!

After searching the online store for a long time, Lord Thunder thought that a desktop computer would be too complicated for Taoist Guang at this stage because it needed to be assembled together. Even if there was a manual, Taoist Guang wouldn't be able to comprehend it in a short period of time.

In the end, he simply selected a "Crooked Alien 1 " smart notebook for the elderly.

1(Probably a riff on the 'Alienware' computer brand.) While the label for this "Crooked Alien" notebook said that it was for the elderly, Lord Thunder had always felt that it was for the lazy...

This type of notebook was specially designed by businesses for senior cultivators who wanted to learn how to use computers. The notebook contained a built-in AI, so you just needed to directly open your mouth and ask whenever you wanted to learn a function; you didn't even need a mouse or keyboard! However, Lord Thunder still wanted to record a video tutorial to teach Taoist Guang how to turn the notebook on.

If he couldn't turn it on, everything would be for nothing.

As for the issue of a power source, there was nothing to worry about. A lot of household appliances in modern cultivation society ran on spirit power. This kind of smart notebook for the elderly also had built-in spirit power batteries.

Even if the notebook wasn't turned off for an entire month, the amount of spirit power it would consume was still a lot less than what was needed for Taoist Guang to make one appearance.

Mm, very good, so it was decided.

— Place the order!

Lord Thunder clicked on the payment button and selected the express service. Shun Feng God Express would send it over within twenty minutes!

...

"It's done, it'll be here in twenty minutes." The young man in white put down his phone and heaved a sigh of relief.

"How much is it?" Er Ha couldn't help asking.

Lord Thunder waved his hand and quickly replied, "It's not expensive. After conversion, it's six hundred thousand HNY."

Er Ha: "..."

Lord Thunder certainly didn't feel it was expensive; it was only that much! With the holy weapon-grade magic rings that Wang Ling had given him, one ring couldn't be purchased with anything less than over a million immortal gold bars! In contrast, this computer only cost six hundred thousand, and that was in Huaxiu currency... It was simply ridiculously cheap!

"..." Er Ha tilted its head and sneaked a look at Wang Ling. It found Wang Ling lying bored on his bed, and guessed that he was waiting for the delivery. Although there wasn't any expression on Wang Ling's face, Er Ha was sure that Wang Ling had already converted this six hundred thousand HNY into crispy noodle snacks.

Later, Lord Thunder really did personally appear on camera to record a video tutorial for Taoist Guang, but he was also worried that Taoist Guang might be the type who didn't know how to open the tutorial in video form.

Hence, he went back to the old way of doing it, and in place of recording a video, used the traditional magic treasure, the "Shadow Remnant Stone." The Shadow Remnant Stones on the market now were already very small in size, and while they were very cheap to sell, there were still people who sold them.

Since a long time ago, Lord Thunder had developed a habit of carrying a few of them around at all times in case of an emergency.

Just as he finished recording the video with the Shadow Remnant Stone...

Sure enough, the doorbell of the Wang family's small villa rang on time.

A courier stood ramrod straight at the door, holding a box.

While Wang Ling had been lying on the bed, this courier had in fact entered his range of perception very early on — this guy's aura had fallen from the sky!

And when Lord Thunder went outside to receive the delivery, he did indeed see the discarded parachute behind the courier.

Lord Thunder looked at the sky; indeed, he seemed to have heard a plane just now...

Considering the cost of manpower, most delivery companies employed couriers primarily at the Physical Build or Qi Condensation stages; the very, very highest stage they would employ at was the Foundation Establishment stage. There was no way they would ask cultivators at the Golden Core stage and above to do deliveries, as it would be beneath their abilities.

But rain or shine everyday, these ordinary people would complete their assignments...

What unwavering persistence!

Lord Thunder was a little moved in his heart. To be a courier nowadays, you needed to learn to parachute; this was really too risky!

Holding the box, the courier took the cap off a pen with his teeth. "Sir, your delivery. Please sign for it!"

Lord Thunder swiftly signed his name and at the same time couldn't help praising, "Brother, that was a good jump! It was pretty accurate..."

"You flatter me, sir. I practiced at the Internet cafe." The courier smiled slightly.

Lord Thunder: "???"

The courier: "If you eat more chicken 2 , you can do it too!"

2("Eat chicken" is now commonly used as a reference to the online game "PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds .. ") Lord Thunder: "..."





Chapter 412 Modern Rules of Sacrifice


At the abandoned construction site opposite the Wang family's small villa, Wang Ling had already drawn a sacrificial magic array; the array characters were very complex, and they flashed with a dim golden light.

But Lord Thunder couldn't see these characters even with his Heavenly Eye open; he could only see some basic array runes.

This sacrificial array was also exclusive to the "Great Sacrifice Spell." The true core characters that were used to set up the array were derived from the heavenly character script of the Three Thousand Great Spells; even a True Immortal would find it hard to pick out the array characters of this type of supreme spell.

"What type of spell is this anyway?" Lord Thunder was very curious.

Er Ha: "It's also my first time seeing Little Master Ling use it. Let's just watch."

Wang Ling put the Soul Suppression Ring in the middle of the sacrificial array, which was where the eye of the array was. Then he placed the computer which Lord Thunder had bought a meter away from the eye.

Lord Thunder noticed that Wang Ling actually didn't use the Gravitation Spell, and personally placed the computer in the sacrificial array by hand. He felt that there had to be some profound reason for this!

Wang Ling was so strong that even Taoist Guang, who was a True Immortal, revered him deeply... The young man in white thought he must have saved the world in a previous life to be able to call such a friend his brother.

It was clear that he still had a lot to learn...

Actually, Lord Thunder had been thinking about a lot of things these last few days, and had been studying assiduously for the sake of cultivation.

He studied the broccoli that Old Senior Wang had given him... not only had he planted more, he had even developed a safe stimulant that wasn't the least bit toxic for inducing the broccoli to grow quickly... but unfortunately, he had yet to comprehend the way of Tao.

He also wore the long johns that Mother Wang had given to him, and was reluctant to take them off... but unfortunately, he had yet to comprehend the way of Tao...

Then why on earth was he stuck at his current level?

Lord Thunder felt that the biggest problem probably had to do with Wang Ling.

If the reason why Ling Zhenren was so powerful was because he lived with these great seniors in this villa... then, given that Lord Thunder had met all the objective conditions for comprehending the way of Tao, he suddenly realized that the real key to understanding was to learn from Wang Ling!

That was why he was now especially fixated on Wang Ling's every move.

"Brother Ling, what are you doing?" he couldn't help asking when he saw that Wang Ling had yet to do anything after putting the notebook in its packaging in the middle of the array.

As always, Wang Ling said succinctly, "Burn."

"Burn?"

On one side, both Lord Thunder and Er Ha had blank expressions.

Then the young man in white and the green-furred dog at his feet saw several licks of flame emerge from Wang Ling's fingers... With a flick of his fingers, the flames shot down at the brand new notebook in its packaging box.

"Hu!" The flames burst into a blaze!

In a split second, the flames engulfed the entire packaging box, and just like that, the brand new notebook turned into a ball of flying ash...

After he was done, Wang Ling once again picked up the Soul Suppression Ring from the center of the array and said in his indifferent, telepathic voice, "The sacrifice is complete."

"The notebook..."

"I've already sent it off by burning it."

Er Ha: "..."

Lord Thunder: "..."

One man and one dog were directly dumbstruck. It turned out this was how the Great Sacrifice Spell was used?!

It was as if Lord Thunder was already imagining a scene several thousand years into the future... One of his heirs would be kneeling before a small fire in a sacrificial magic array identical to the one that Wang Ling had set up and crying, Grandpa, the author of that eunuch novel1 you were reading has resumed updates! I'll burn it for you!

1(Eunuch novels refer to serialized novels that suddenly stop updating or are cut off halfway.) At this thought, Lord Thunder couldn't help but shudder.

"..." Er Ha knew that it was very likely that Lord Thunder was imagining some strange thing again.

On the side, Wang Ling stared at the Soul Suppression Ring and sighed deeply in his heart.

The notebook had already been burnt for Taoist Guang, with the Shadow Remnant Stone tutorial that Lord Thunder had prepared stored inside the packaging box, so that both things were burnt and sent to Taoist Guang together.

As for how long it would take for Taoist Guang to learn the notebook's basic functions... that would depend on his luck.

However, Wang Ling knew that they couldn't hurry the situation along. After all, the elderly were a little slower to absorb new things, and deserved more patience...

...

Lord Thunder had initially planned to have a chat with Taoist Guang face to face, but who would have thought that they would run into this problem. Thus, there was no point in him continuing to linger at the Wang family's small villa.

Before burning the notebook, Lord Thunder and Wang Ling had set up a private discussion group, and had helped Taoist Guang apply for an account before directly pulling him into the discussion group.

As for the username and password, Lord Thunder had already explained in the Shadow Remnant Stone that once Taoist Guang learned this operation, he should be able to go online himself.

Hence, instead of waiting around here, Lord Thunder thought that he should use this time to send those holy weapon-grade magic rings that Wang Ling had given him to the other people in the chat group one by one.

Wang Ling had burned the notebook just after ten o'clock, and Lord Thunder left the villa at eleven o'clock. Standing on the second floor, Wang Ling saw the young man in white kiss the Soul Suppression Rings in his hand as he left happily...

It wasn't long after Lord Thunder's departure that Wang Ling suddenly found that the chat group had come alive.

Lord Thunder: "Everyone, I have a surprise for each one of you!"

Cailian Zhenren: "What kind of surprise?"

Lightning Dharmaraja: "Welfare benefits? But it's not Chinese New Year!"

It wasn't as if Lord Thunder hadn't distributed welfare benefits in the group in the past, but right now they weren't celebrating any festival or the Chinese New Year... so it was indeed a little strange.

Stunned, Immortal Toya sent a large sweatdrop emoji. "Can it be that Senior Immortal lost a bet and has to share photos of him crossdressing in the group?"

Lightning Dharmaraja immediately said, "I think that's highly possible!"

Lord Thunder didn't care in the slightest. He just sent several smileys. "Mm... You'll know when I find you! I'm sending them to you one by one now. Everybody will have one!"

Lightning Dharmaraja sent an amused face. "Senior Immortal... You don't have to specially come over to give me a photo of you crossdressing."

"..."

After Lightning Dharmaraja sent this, the group instantly fell into silence.

Because usually, anyone who teased the group's owner would most likely be banned from speaking... And in this group, it was no one else but the death-courting little expert Lightning Dharmaraja who dared challenge the group owner's authority.

However, contrary to everyone's expectations...

Not only did Lord Thunder not reply this time, he also didn't even ban Lightning Dharmaraja from speaking.

Lightning Dharmaraja was shocked. "What... What is this situation?"

Cailian Zhenren tsked. "Looks like Senior Immortal is especially happy today... I remember the last time Senior Immortal sent a string of smileys was when he'd received a gift from his ex-girlfriend..."

However, less than two seconds after Cailian Zhenren had sent this message, she instantly tapped the "Recall" tab.

Lightning Dharmaraja: "I saw it..."

Immortal Toya: "Saw it..."

Fang Xing: "Saw it."

Xiao Yin: "I feel like I saw something really amazing!"

Bulang Blade Immortal: "Damn it! I saw it!"

Nine Times Man: "Amazing..."

Ling Zhenren: "..."

"..."

Cailian Zhenren hadn't expected that there would be so many lurkers... even Ling Zhenren was around...

This was a bit embarrassing because she had promised Lord Thunder before that she wouldn't talk about it, but she had been careless and hadn't been able to hold back just now.

Just as she was about to say something to smooth over the embarrassment, Lord Thunder actually sent a voice message to the group.

He had also typed something out underneath it.

This is a song that has been popular recently called Take You on a Journey.2

2(A Chinese song with a cheerful tone..) And this voice message was of Lord Thunder singing it...





Chapter 413 Lord Thunder's Magically Changed Song


Wang Ling hadn't expected his gift to make Lord Thunder so happy. The problem was that while the young man in white had received the gift in the villa just now with a pleasantly surprised expression on his face, he hadn't been so wild with joy to the point of bursting into song.

Wang Ling suddenly felt like he had unearthed some hidden aspect of Lord Thunder.

This was probably the legendary mensao 1 ...

1(Like a 'tsundere.') Wang Ling had always felt that he was the only one with this shortcoming.

But now that he thought about it, Wang Ling recalled that this song Take You on A Journey had been pretty popular recently. The last few days after class, he had seen Chen Chao listening to it on a loop with his earphones. The song had even played on the school's weekly Thursday broadcast during the lunch break, and the entire campus had been steeped in the aura of love.

In addition to this song, there was also another one with even more brainwashing tendencies, We Are Different ...

The issue was that Wang Ling had never heard Lord Thunder sing before! So when Lord Thunder sang off the cuff, it wasn't just Wang Ling, but the rest of the group also froze in front of their screens for three seconds.

After a stunned moment, Dharmaraja directly typed in the group, "Senior Immortal, I haven't heard it yet, but... do you know Gouda Takeshi 2 ?"

2(The stocky character in 'Doraemon' who apparently is horrible at singing.) Everyone: "..."

Cailian Zhenren: "Dharmaraja... You better listen to it, that's very rude."

Dharmaraja: "I'm just worried that Senior Immortal might have developed some musical magic weapon and wants to test it on us."

The group sunk into silence for a moment.

Because no one could understand what on earth was up with Senior Immortal today, to be so happy that he couldn't help singing a song.

At that moment, it was Xiao Yin who was the first to praise him. "Everyone, have a listen. Senior Immortal sings very well!"

Hm...

Wang Ling clicked open the voice message of Lord Thunder singing with a judicious air.

While Xiao Yin didn't usually listen to human music since he was a holy beast, he still had the ability to discern good from bad.

And in fact, it was indeed as Xiao Yin had said; Wang Ling thought that unexpectedly, Lord Thunder actually sang very well!

Not only was he in tune, his singing voice was pretty unique, and completely different to his normal speaking voice; it felt like it was coming from a warmhearted male senior!

Even Er Ha was pleasantly surprised. "Looks like Senior Immortal still has other talents!"

When Wang Ling looked at the chat group again, there were already a lot of likes and applause.

Cailian Zhenren was a little excited and sent several thumbs-up in a row. "Senior Immortal really sings well! It's my first time hearing him sing, and even when recorded with a phone it sounds like this... Really amazing!"

Immortal Toya also couldn't help praising it. "He indeed sings very well."

Just then, Lord Thunder had finished singing the main part of the song in his voice message, and it was followed by the chorus.

Wang Ling suddenly felt that something wasn't right.

Cailian Zhenren: "Did Senior Immortal sing the lyrics wrong? Why does the chorus sound a little different from what I've heard before? Shouldn't the first line be 'I want to take you to romantic Turkey'?"

Lord Thunder finally replied, "I didn't sing it wrong, I changed the lyrics; it's a habit of mine when I sing."

Cailian Zhenren replied, "I see, but even when you changed them, it still rhymes; at least, it doesn't sound out of place when I'm listening to it."

Lord Thunder: "Really? Ha ha ha! I also think I have a gift for writing lyrics!"

About three seconds later, Lord Thunder confidently posted the lyrics that he had changed...

Take You on A Journey: the Magically Changed 3 Version of the Chorus , by Lord Thunder:

3(While this is the literal translation, the phrase generally refers to a major reinvention of something.) I want to take you to romantic MMP...

Then we will go to the holy land of cultivation...

Actually, I prefer to stay at home...

Eat a packet of crispy noodle snacks to sate my hunger...

...

When they saw these lyrics, the whole chat group instantly fell into a dead silence.

Wang Ling sucked in a sharp breath. "..." To make the lyrics rhyme 4 ... this was too insane!

4(In Chinese, the last characters end with an "i" sound.) ...

In a flash, it was the afternoon. After clicking open the song Lord Thunder had sung, Wang Ling hadn't been able to calm down for a long time...

Just then, he suddenly heard Father Wang give a blood-curdling cry which echoed through the villa, as if he was the NPC in Detective Conan who had discovered the scene of the crime.

Er Ha raised its dog head. "What's going on?"

Even without looking, Wang Ling knew that Father Wang's old illness must have flared up. Wang Ling could guess what happened from how wretched Father Wang sounded. From this brutal cry of pain... Wang Ling reckoned that Father Wang's hemorrhoids had definitely flared up again.

This was the precious experience Wang Ling had gained after so many years in this villa.

Father Wang had a chronic hemorrhoid problem, which mainly had to do with a lack of exercise and sitting down for too long; it was completely due to unhealthy living habits.

First of all, Father Wang rarely went out. He spent the whole day sitting on a chair in his study and typing. Additionally, the toilet in the bathroom was second only to the chair in his study as the place he frequented the most. According to Mother Wang, if they added up all the time Father Wang spent on the toilet, it was enough for a person to finish reflecting on Three Lives, Three Worlds , and might even be enough time to watch Ten Miles of Cherry Blossoms 5...

5("Three Lives, Three Worlds, Ten Miles of Cherry Blossoms," also known as "Eternal Love," is a 2017 58-episode Chinese drama ..) Most importantly, one of the most unusual things about Father Wang's hemorrhoids was how strongly resistant it was to medicine! It couldn't be cured with ordinary drugs! Every time it flared up, he had to use a specific medicine made by Immortal Toya.

Wang Ling had seen this medicine before; it was a powder that seemed to sparkle and which was very cold to the touch. Pouring it over the affected area and leaving it for about thirty seconds would instantly cure Father Wang, but at the price of excruciating pain...

Of course, Wang Ling could in fact cure this type of minor condition...

But no matter what, Father Wang refused to let Wang Ling treat him.

Father Wang felt that it was very shameful to have his son treat his hemorrhoids! As the head of the family, if he couldn't overcome such a minor condition, how could he shoulder his heavy family responsibility?! This was about a man's dignity! A man had to overcome his hemorrhoids himself!

This was the vow that Father Wang had made in his mind the first time he had gotten hemorrhoids.

Father Wang's screams continued for more than a minute...

It seemed to be going on for longer than usual this time, so Wang Ling decided to take a look.

Generally, the screaming would have stopped after thirty seconds or so.

...

Just as Wang Ling came downstairs, Father Wang's screaming stopped. He was lying on the sofa with sweat all over his head and weak like a lady who had just given birth...

Mother Wang put the medicine away and couldn't help scolding him. "Your condition is caused by you looking at your phone on the toilet. The next time you go, I'll turn the Internet off!"

"No! I would rather suffer! You can't cut my Internet!" Father Wang was agitated. "The time I spend every morning on the toilet is when I use my side account to fight the trolls!"

"Fine... I won't turn it off. I still have other ways."

Mother Wang couldn't resist laughing. Her smile was a bit sly, and both Wang Ling and Er Ha stared blankly at her. Then Mother Wang turned to look at Wang Ling. "Ling Ling, you're just in time. Contact Little Ming later and ask him to send your father's birthday present over in advance."

Wang Ling: "..."

Father Wang: "What? Little Ming prepared a present for me?"

Mother Wang smiled slightly. "Yes, Little Ming made it especially for you!"

Father Wang: "My birthday's still a while away... what's the rush? Then again, what is this present?"

Mother Wang continued smiling. "A smart anti-hemorrhoid thermal toilet."

Father Wang: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Mother Wang: "The longer you sit on the toilet, the hotter it becomes. Little Ming said that even a Nascent Soul cultivator would have to stand up after less than five minutes."

Father Wang: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 414 Lord Thunder's Shocking Secret


After the medicine had been administered, Father Wang's hemorrhoids were completely cured, but the cool and invigorating after effects was like being blasted between the thighs by Wang Zhaojun1...

1(Refers to the character in the RPG "King of Glory" who has ice abilities ..) This icy sensation would last a long time. After the violent stab of pain from the medicine being administered subsided, Father Wang would feel a persistent numbness that would spread throughout the lower half of his body, so during that time he wouldn't be able to move.

"Women are the most vicious!" Lying down on the sofa, Father Wang wailed in despair deep in his heart. When he thought about how he would no longer be able to sit on the toilet for long periods of time anymore as he contemplated his plot while writing, he truly felt desperate and couldn't help raging — the toilet was an author's food for thought... er, source of thought!

"..."

This was also Er Ha's first time seeing Father Wang's hemorrhoids flare up, and it was unnerved by this event.

Sometimes, it really didn't understand why some stubborn people were so obsessed with their so-called "dignity." It was just hemorrhoids. Er Ha thought that if it got hemorrhoids, it would stick its butt out for Wang Ling's hand to grope without a second thought.

It was just a butt rub, and it wouldn't hurt!

This was a rare anecdote of everyday life, and Er Ha thought that this was a matter worth thinking about.

In the end, Er Ha decided to write this incident down in its "Human Observation Diary" with the heading: If you have hemorrhoids and you can be cured by a butt rub, would you choose to be groped for a bit or to preserve your integrity?

...

Of course, Wang Ling didn't dare disobey a personal order from Mother Wang. In the Wang family's small villa, there were three toilets, thus there were three toilet bowls. Wang Ling's bedroom had its own ensuite, which had the enlightened Lord Ma; it was the other two toilets that Mother Wang wanted to replace.

Wang Ming replied almost instantaneously after Wang Ling sent him a message. "Yo? Missing me again?"

Wang Ling struggled to resist the urge to crush his wristwatch, and texted what Mother Wang had said to Wang Ming.

After understanding the situation, Wang Ming grinned with amusement in front of the screen, which baffled the other people in the research institute. Only President Qi, with one hand in his pocket and the other holding the type of large cup that the old cadre used, gazed at the scene calmly with the expression of one who had already seen through everything.

Wang Ming's reply text was very quick: "What? Uncle Wang's hemorrhoids flared up again? I told him before to sit less and exercise more. Squatting on the toilet bowl all the time isn't good since it's the easiest way to get a bacterial infection. Don't worry, leave this to me. I'll arrange for someone to drop by tomorrow to assemble and install it!"

Wang Ming had already prepared this birthday gift earlier on, so he just needed to send it in advance.

But sending it off would create another awkward situation: he would have to prepare a new gift for Father Wang's actual birthday.

Wang Ming also voiced his opinion on Father Wang's hemorrhoids.

Very quickly, Wang Ling received yet another text message from Wang Ming. "Actually, this is Uncle Wang's fault; who asked him to have such an unbalanced routine? Once his endocrine system is out of whack, no matter how much nutrition he gets, it won't be any use."

Wang Ling stared blankly at the text; he was thinking that it was rare for his idiot elder brother to be so serious, and he wondered whether he should give a serious reply in return.

Wang Ming sent his next text. "Doesn't his son just need to grope his butt a bit? If it needs to be rubbed, just rub it... If I get hemorrhoids, feel free to do so."

The corners of Wang Ling's mouth twitched. "..." Sure enough, this guy could never be that serious!

On the other end, Wang Ming who was in front of the screen could almost picture Wang Ling's expression after reading that text.

Apart from conducting research and inventing things, the one other thing in Wang Ming's life which he derived pleasure from was Wang Ling. He thought that it was very interesting to tease Wang Ling! An ordinary person wouldn't be able to do so at all!

...

After Wang Ling was done texting Wang Ming, the chat group was still lively. He saw a notification pop up on the screen, and was surprised to suddenly find that he had unexpectedly been added to a chat group called "Gossip Room."

Also, this chat group had only just been set up, and its creator was Lightning Dharmaraja... At the moment, Dharmaraja was pulling in more and more people from Lord Thunder's chat group into this interim group chat he had created.

Wang Ling scanned the members of this group and realized that most of the people from the chat group were in it... except for Xiao Yin and Lord Thunder!

Mm... it was already clear where this was going.

Gossip Room.

Dharmaraja: "Everyone! I want to burst! I want to burst! I have gossip, I can't take it anymore!"

Cailian Zhenren sent a few emojis that were wiping at sweat. "Dharmaraja... Calm down and speak slowly... Remember last time when you were so excited that your godly thunder inheritance leaked out and caused a large-scale power failure in the area..."

Immortal Toya was stunned. "That actually happened?"

Cailian Zhenren: "Yes! Afterwards, Dharmaraja pretended to be a concerned citizen and personally went over to do emergency repairs... they even bestowed a silk banner on him after that."

Seeing what Cailian Zhenren had divulged, everyone couldn't help sucking in sharp breaths in front of their screens... What kind of operation was this?!

Lightning Dharmaraja: "Zhenren, don't interrupt, I'm talking serious business... Why are you airing my faults? What I'm going to reveal today is much more shocking."

Mr Toya had been about to refine elixirs, and had already prepared a pile of materials. He had been interrupted just as he was about to start his furnace, so he was slightly unhappy. "I say, Dharmaraja, you were never this gossipy before."

Dharmaraja: "You don't know how shocking this news is! I tell you, it's possible that Senior Immortal has secretly gotten married!"

Cailian Zhenren: "What???"

Immortal Toya: "What the hell???"

Fang Xing: "???"

Wang Ling: "..."

Cailian Zhenren took a deep breath and tried to keep her cool. "Isn't Senior Immortal bringing us something? How do you know he's married?"

"Ring! I saw Senior Immortal wearing a ring!" Without further ado, Dharmaraja posted a photo he had taken of the Soul Suppression Ring in the group. "See? This is the ring Senior Immortal is wearing! Furthermore, he gave me an identical magic ring... isn't that fishy?"

Fang Xing couldn't help laughing. "It turns out that Senior Immortal is bringing us magic rings... But Dharmaraja, isn't it a little too subjective to assume that Senior Immortal is secretly married from the ring alone?"

Dharmaraja: "The problem is that Senior Immortal is wearing it on the ring finger of his left hand!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Dharmaraja: "He's giving each of us an identical ring. It's very obvious that he's into public displays of affection. I think we need to band together and ask Senior Immortal in person!"

The corners of Wang Ling's mouth twitched. "..." This had become a huge misunderstanding!





Chapter 415 It's Fun Being Cheeky!


Wang Ling didn't expect a single ring to actually cause such a huge misunderstanding, but it was Lord Thunder's fault for being careless enough to put the ring on his ring finger. Wang Ling felt that the other man had probably neglected to think about the impact the ring would have after he received it.

Luckily, Wang Ling hadn't been implicated in this matter; if he came out now to speak for Lord Thunder, it would conversely make people suspicious.

This group of people had never lacked imagination, and always eagerly looked forward to a show, especially Dharmaraja... This kind of cultivator who specialized in thunder and lightning spells was usually wild and unruly by nature, and brimmed with enthusiasm on par with a neighborhood committee of aunties.

Ultimately, it was still Lord Thunder who would have to justify himself. If he couldn't give a good enough reason, it was very likely that his image in everyone's hearts would collapse... because usually, something like a secret marriage happened when someone turned "from delight to dad" 1 .

1(A direct translation of the Internet phrase 喜当爹,used to ridicule guys who are cuckolded in the sense that the girls they like end up pregnant with someone else's child, usually the Mr Perfect-type, and they wind up raising the kid.) Gossip Room.

The gossip was still ongoing...

Just because of one ring, the people in the chat group were in discussion for a long time. While Lord Thunder's realm had currently come to a standstill at the peak late Soul Formation stage, he was only one step away from advancing his realm through enlightenment on the way of Tao. Nevertheless, he was still popular and widely known in the cultivation circle due to his character setting as a person of justice and the "death-courting spirit" of someone who wouldn't submit to force.

Because of that, everyone in the group was especially concerned. If someone with hidden motives in the cultivation circle used this hidden marriage to attack this character brimming with justice, the aftermath would have a very severe impact.

It wasn't like Wang Ling didn't understand this. It had been quite a number of years since this chat group had been established, and they had all met each other outside the chat. They had experienced all kinds of hardships together, so their feelings were genuine.

Dharmaraja: "Everyone, whatever the truth is, let's keep quiet for the time being until we have enough evidence. Maybe Senior Immortal finds it a troubling matter to mention! Blatantly asking him about it to his face isn't good! It's not giving him face!"

Staring at the screen, the corners of Wang Ling's lips twitched. "..." You pulled so many people in to chat about it, and you actually still want to consider 'face'? Isn't this being too particular?!

Cailian Zhenren: "What do you mean, Dharmaraja?"

Lightning Dharmaraja: "The best way to handle this is to ask him in a roundabout way... In addition, we have to collect as much evidence as possible. The best case scenario would be if Senior Immortal told us himself, otherwise we can use the evidence to ask him personally. What we have to do now is to look for and obtain the hammer 2 .

2(This is a literal translation of the online catchphrase 求锤得锤,which refers to a phenomenon, usually in the entertainment industry, of someone spreading news and only releasing evidence to support it after calls are made for them to do so.) Everyone: "..."

"Senior Immortal's secret marriage is neither a major nor a minor matter; fortunately, we few are the only ones who know about it. If people outside hear about it, it would be a very wretched end for Senior Immortal..."

Speaking up to this point, Dharmaraja paused, and shortly after that, shared a map of the area around his place.

Dharmaraja: "Looking at the direction Senior Immortal is headed in, the next person he'll be seeing should be you, Immortal Toya."

Immortal Toya sighed. " Ai , I was just about to refine elixirs... But Senior Immortal's matter is more important. Don't worry, everyone, I'll definitely be careful in my responses."

Dharmaraja frowned. "There is one more thing that everyone needs to pay attention to. As we all know, Senior Immortal usually has the best relationship with Ling Zhenren, and Brother Xiao Yin is currently staying at Senior Immortal's place for the time being... In order not to alert Senior Immortal, I excluded Ling Zhenren and Brother Xiao Yin when I set up this chat."

"..." Wang Ling stared at the screen, his face twitching involuntarily.

Fang Xing: "???"

Cailian Zhenren: "???"

Immortal Toya: "???"

Lightning Dharmaraja: "What's going on? Why is everyone sending question marks?"

Fang Xing couldn't help laughing as he typed swiftly: "Dharmaraja, look at the group members again. Ling Zhenren is in this group."

"..."

Instantly, icy cold sweat broke out all over Dharmaraja's body, straightaway drenching his back.

He opened the group's members list, and sure enough, saw that Wang Ling was in the group. He was so frightened he almost threw his phone away... He had forgotten that Wang Ling's profile picture was blank, so when he had added people, he hadn't checked carefully, and so had included Wang Ling.

Fuck! He really was here!

Recall!

Recall quickly!

If Ling Zhenren saw the message above, it would really be too awkward!

Dharmaraja wanted to weep but had no tears to shed. He simply wanted to cry over his stupidity! And by the time he wanted to recall what he had said... it was too late.

System hint: You can't recall chat content over two minutes old...

It was all over... Game over!

When he saw that he was unable to recall his message, Dharmaraja continued to sweat as he flooded the screen with a series of emojis to push his previous message up.

This was too awkward!

From the screen, everyone could feel how flustered Dharmaraja was.

After sending three emojis of teary smiles in a row, Dharmaraja weakly asked, with a last glimmer of hope, "Anyway... Senior Ling hasn't been speaking all this time, he's probably not online now, right?"

Cailian Zhenren sent several candle emojis. "Dharmaraja, my condolences."

Fang Xing copied her message. "Dharmaraja, my condolences."

Immortal Toya: "Dharmaraja, is this your first day in the group... Ling Zhenren is probably lurking like he always does."

"..."

Dharmaraja felt his embarrassment cancer 3 flare up. It hadn't even been ten minutes since this chat group had been set up, and Senior Ling usually only took a look once in a while... Even if he was a lurker, he couldn't lurk all the time!

3('Embarrassment cancer' is an online term used to describe how people unconsciously want to avoid an embarrassing situation.) Dharmaraja wiped at his cold sweat and still felt that he had a lifeline. "Impossible... I can't be that unlucky..."

"..."

Just then, a familiar ellipsis appeared! — This was the ellipsis exclusive to Ling Zhenren, and not only was it in large font, it was also in bold!

Dharmaraja looked at the profile picture and was already feeling a little hysterical: Mm, blank... Senior Ling was truly lurking! Wonderful!

"..." Cailian Zhenren.

"..." Immortal Toya.

Even Nine Times Man couldn't take it anymore. "Senior Dharmaraja, there is no harm in apologizing?"

In the whole chat group, only Immortal Toya and Wang Ling knew the real identity of Nine Times Man; this was actually Blademaster General Yi's side account.

Immortal Toya sighed in his heart. It was obvious that General Yi was surreptitiously telling Dharmaraja what the first thing he had to do was, after offending his seniors: sometimes it was better to be frank rather than coy.

Unfortunately, it was clear that Dharmaraja hadn't grasped this.

A minute later...

There was a message from Lightning Dharmaraja: "Everyone, I am truly sorry: it was my little brother sending messages with my account... I'm sorry to have troubled everyone!"

Everyone: "..."

Soon after that, everyone saw Wang Ling send a series of "kitchen knife" emojis. There were exactly six of them, wonderfully consistent with his ellipsis4 !

4(In Chinese, the ellipsis consists of six dots..) Fang Xing: "Dharmaraja, farewell..."

Immortal Toya: "We will remember you."

Cailian Zhenren sighed. "Everyone remember, Master Dharmaraja was a decent man when he was alive..."

Dharmaraja screamed in misery. "Senior Ling... I was wrong!"





Chapter 416 Senior Ling is Really Angry!


Wang Ling didn't think that Dharmaraja had been careless enough to include him in this chat group; instead, this was probably the effect of his Great Fortune Spell. Actually, this was a farce that Wang Ling wasn't bothered to become involved in. Sending the six kitchen knives had just been a cheeky move on his part... playing this bit of mischief had been really fun!

In fact, Wang Ling wasn't angry at all. In addition to the upcoming midterm exams, he had to focus on the sports meet as well as look for the Immortal's Treasure House; he wasn't interested in paying any attention to this farce at all.

After gazing at the phone for about ten seconds, Wang Ling saw Lightning Dharmaraja send a short video to the chat group.

It was an apology video he had just recorded.

In the video, he came running from afar, then suddenly jumped high in the air to perform a nine hundred and sixty-degree backward twist before finally landing on the ground on his knees and kowtowing... the moment his forehead smashed the hard ground, it created a round indent!

In front of their screens, everyone couldn't help sucking air through their teeth.

This apology was a little too imaginative!

Fang Xing: "Dharmaraja's iron head1..."

1(This can have two meanings: someone who is hard-headed, and also the other crude implication ..) Cailian Zhenren: "Dharmaraja's iron head..."

Immortal Toya heaved a sigh. "Ai, if you had apologized to Ling Zhenren earlier, none of this would have been necessary."

Wang Ling felt a little apologetic when he watched the video. Actually, he hadn't taken what Dharmaraja had done to heart at all, but in the end, he had frightened him by cheekily sending those six kitchen knives.

Maybe he should clarify the situation.

Thinking this, he started typing in the group chat to explain that he wasn't angry. But for some reason, while he was halfway typing, the screen suddenly froze... Then, he discovered that he had dropped out of the chat.

Wang Ling: "???"

Wang Ming had personally designed this watch, and it was equipped with cutting-edge technology, so rationally speaking, there was absolutely no way it could get stuck like this. So Wang Ling very quickly guessed that this yet again was most likely the ongoing effect of the Great Fortune Spell.

As he had said before, the reason he didn't like this spell was because once it was activated, it would create a system of checks and balances. Put simply, when it came to a particular matter, a person's extreme good luck would mean someone else's extreme bad luck.

This was the law of balance in nature, which also applied to the Three Thousand Great Spells.

Everything was fated to begin with...

...

In the gossip chat room.

System: Ling Zhenren has left the group chat.

On the other side, after seeing this system notification, Dharmaraja directly collapsed.

Dharmaraja: "Le... left?"

Cailian Zhenren: "Dharmaraja, I wish you well."

Immortal Toya: "This was your fault to begin with, you shouldn't have kept it from Senior Ling. Given his personality, even if he were to know about this, he wouldn't have said anything. Excluding him from the group chat was firstly very rude, and secondly, shows that you don't trust him."

Staring at Immortal Toya's analysis on the screen, Dharmaraja felt like his life had fallen into darkness... It was all over, Senior Ling was really angry now!

Dharmaraja: "What should I do now..."

Fang Xing smiled slightly. "Senior Dharmaraja, there's no need to be so nervous. Why not try dropping by his place to apologize? But actually, I don't think it's necessary. Given Ling Zhenren's realm, he's above being controlled by his moods, and he won't get angry so easily over some petty thing. Actually, his hand may have slipped and he may have left the group chat by accident."

The corners of Dharmaraja's lips twitched. "Brother Fang, don't comfort me. I've decided it's better to apologize to Ling Zhenren face to face."

Hand slipped? And left the group chat? Who would buy that?!

Dharmaraja cried helplessly in his heart. He had had a stroke of bad luck this time; Ling Zhenren leaving the group chat by accident was too absurd!

Now Dharmaraja was faced with a very significant problem, and that was to present a gift.

He couldn't show up to give an apology with empty hands.

Dharmaraja: "Does anyone know what Ling Zhenren likes, or if there's something that he needs?"

To be honest, Dharmaraja felt this question was especially ridiculous... it made him feel like an idiot!

At Senior Ling's realm, why would this type of BOSS level senior need anything?!

Money? Probably not, right? A senior at that realm surely had his own treasure trove with countless riches!

Magic treasures? Dharmaraja felt that none of his magic treasures could even rival a transformed toothpick... it was likely Senior Ling would turn his nose up at them. Don't tell him he would have to give his ancestral holy relic, the "godly thunder inheritance," to Wang Ling...

In fact, if Wang Ling told people that he didn't have money since Father Wang used all kinds of excuses daily to dock his allowance, no one would believe him at all...

Father Wang and Mother Wang had instilled in Wang Ling from a young age the virtue of being frugal. It allowed him to keep a low profile and helped shape proper values.

Boys... they should only spend when necessary; it was enough to give them a bit of an allowance for them to learn how to manage their finances. Too much would foster a bad habit of wasting money, which people would truly take notice of.

Since the beginning, Father Wang and Mother Wang had always looked down on those rich second generation kids in the cultivation circle who strutted around flaunting their family background, like Lin Sicong. He was often in the top searches online; even when he lost this dog, everyone knew about it and made a ruckus.

After Dharmaraja asked this question, the chat group fell silent for a long time.

In fact, Wang Ling's interests and hobbies were already no longer a secret to most of the people in the chat group - the problem was that Dharmaraja actually didn't seem to know, which was very strange!

Cailian Zhenren: "Dharmaraja, your observation skills are really terrible! Even if this thing hadn't happened today, you would offend Ling Zhenren in the future anyway! Think carefully, what thing usually causes Ling Zhenren's expression to change when he sees it?"

Dharmaraja: "What do you mean?"

Immortal Toya really couldn't help sighing. "Ask Brother Fang Xing for help; his family makes this thing."

Dharmaraja seemed to have figured it out; he knew that Fang Xing's family ran a noodles shop.

That was to say, Ling Zhenren liked to eat noodles?

Dharmaraja: "Thanks for the tips, everyone! I got it! But there are so many types of this thing, which one should I get?"

Immortal Toya: "The normal flavor is fine..."

Fang Xing: "If Senior Dharmaraja doesn't mind, please drop by my family's noodles shop when you have the time, and I'll have it prepared for you."

Dharmaraja: "That wouldn't be very good, right? If I take it to Ling Zhenren's place from your family's noodles shop, it might become all mushy on the way there..."

Cailian Zhenren: "???"

Immortal Toya: "???"

Fang Xing: "Senior Dharmaraja, why do I always feel that you're not on the same wavelength as the rest of us?"

"Aren't we? It's noodles, right?"

Dharmaraja now understood. "By the way, is it fried sauce noodles or beef noodles?"

Everyone: "..." There was no teaching dumbasses!





Chapter 417 Immortal Toya's Chrysanthemum Island


Dharmaraja was in despair and deeply regretted his impudence while the chat group were in despair and deeply disappointed at how slow he was... Now they finally knew why it was Dharmaraja who had encountered this stroke of bad luck with Ling Zhenren out of all the people in the group!

"Senior Dharmaraja, when you're free next week, come straight to my family's noodles shop; I'll have someone pack the thing for you so that you can directly take it there." After typing this message, Fang Xing smiled as he gazed at the screen. "Senior Ling will definitely like it."

Dharmaraja: "Many thanks to Brother Fang Xing! Come by my shop next time, and I'll give you electrotherapy free of charge!"

Fang Xing: "..."

At that moment, a system notification popped up. "Immortal Two" has joined the group chat...

This brand new name startled everyone in the group...

Immortal Two? Who was that?

It wasn't just the group's creator that could add people; anyone else in the group could do it.

And this Immortal Two had been added by Cailian Zhenren.

Cailian Zhenren: "Let me introduce Immortal Two to you. I've added him here and also to the main group... this is actually Senior Ling's family spirit beast."

When she said this, a lot of people already understood, since many of them had seen Er Ha before.

Er Ha had a phone, but it was an old model which Father Wang had given him. Nonetheless, it had all the functions of a smartphone. This phone had helped Er Ha tremendously in learning the basics of language. Last month, while the old man had been out buying groceries, he had helped apply for a SIM card for Er Ha.

Er Ha had also applied for a chat group account the other day; watching Wang Ling chatting with this gang everyday, it had felt that it was really fun, which was why it had decided to get involved; even that silver unicorn was in this group, so Er Ha thought that there was no need to hide itself away.

Wang Ling had talked to Cailian Zhenren about Er Ha joining the main group, so it had been let in directly.

In front of the screen, Er Ha typed, "Hello, everyone."

"Hello, Immortal Two!"

"Hi, Immortal Two!"

Everyone greeted Er Ha one after another.

Dharmaraja: "Immortal Two, are you as green as ever?"

When Dharmaraja said this, it suddenly became deathly silent in the group.

Er Ha broke out in a sweat. "..."

To put it nicely, Dharmaraja had a frank and outspoken personality, but it was just another way of saying that he lacked EQ. He was lucky that he was living in a lawful society in an era of peace; in the olden days, he would have been beaten to death...

Fang Xing: "Senior Dharmaraja, don't tell me you haven't realized how severe the problem is? Why do you think Immortal Two joined our group?"

"...Brother Fang Xing, please advise me." Dharmaraja didn't dare say more as he sent an emoji wiping at sweat.

He had only been joking, and hadn't expected this awkward silence!

Gazing at the screen, Fang Xing smiled slightly. "Obviously, Senior Ling doesn't want to talk to you now, and threw a dog at you!"

Cailian Zhenren: "..."

"..."

Immortal Toya: "Excuse me, Senior Immortal just texted me. He's going to arrive at my island very soon, and I'm going to go welcome him. If I have any new information, I'll let everyone know..."

After sending this message, Immortal Toya swiftly closed the chat window and breathed a sigh of relief.

For some reason, he had smelled a hint of gunpowder just now...

...

In fact, Lord Thunder had yet to reach the island, but Immortal Toya calculated that he was probably on his way.

Lord Thunder had been here before, but before he could properly enter the island, Immortal Toya had always arranged for his young attendants to meet him. That was because Lord Thunder always came at a bad time, when Immortal Toya was refining elixirs.

"This time I'll invite Senior Immortal in first and see what the situation's like." In front of his furnace, Immortal Toya frowned.

He was plotting how to tactfully and offhandedly ask who on earth the female owner of the ring was...

Chrysanthemum Island wasn't an island on a sea, but a lake. Yunlan Lake was six hundred li south of the outskirts of Songhai city, and Chrysanthemum Island was in the middle of the lake. Chrysanthemum Island wasn't large, but it was Immortal Toya's residence in Songhai city. This azure lake and the ten li of black bamboo forest around it were his private property.

Immortal Toya's family had purchased this land a long time ago, and in this generation, the deed had been passed down to him.

When Lord Thunder drew close to the black bamboo forest, he could already see a boy and a girl of around twelve to thirteen years old and at the Foundation Establishment stage waiting for him, and his eyes lit up.

"Hello Senior Immortal!"

"Senior Immortal!"

Lord Thunder smiled. "Hello, since the last time I saw you, your spirit roots seem to be purer than ever."

These two attendants were a pair of abandoned brother and sister whom Immortal Toya had picked up and brought back to Chrysanthemum Island to become his disciples a dozen or so years ago. Later, he had given them names: the brother was Jin Shi and the younger sister was Yin Shi 1.

1(These are the Chinese pronunciations of the names Kintoki and Gintoki, characters in the manga series 'Gintama.') "This is thanks to shifu ."

The brother Jin Shi smiled and bowed. "The last few times you dropped by, it was truly unfortunate that our shifu was refining elixirs, so he sent us to greet you instead. This time, he happens to be free, and he specially invites Senior Immortal to meet him on his island."

"That's great! I have yet to visit Brother To's Chrysanthemum Island." Lord Thunder laughed.

"Senior Immortal, please follow us."

The sister Yin Shi nodded, her face wreathed in smiles as she walked through the black bamboo forest.

Following behind them, Lord Thunder couldn't help feeling deeply moved in his heart; this pair of twins had been taught well. Each time he came, especially in recent years, they always showed improvement.

When they had been picked up as young children, their bodies had been so frail that they hadn't been able to cultivate at all, and their spirit roots had even been on the verge of breaking down. But now, they had reached the Foundation Establishment stage at only thirteen, which was faster than those second rich generation kids who took drugs to advance their realms.

He had heard that Immortal Toya had researched and developed a formula unique to the Toya family that encompassed the Physical Build, Qi Condensation and Foundation Establishment stages; not only could it restore a damaged spirit root to the way it was before, it could accelerate the cultivation process.

Crucially, the most distinctive thing about this formula was that there were no side effects to the vitality generated, meaning that even if it accelerated cultivation, it wouldn't have the slightest impact on a person's foundation.

In the cultivation circle, many rich second generation kids were lazy to cultivate, and relied on drugs to reach the Foundation Establishment stage. The biggest problem for this group had to do with their foundation; they might have the realm level, but it was little more than an empty "structure" full of air!

As far as Lord Thunder knew, this unique formula which belonged to Immortal Toya's family hadn't been made public yet. He himself had only known about it when Immortal Toya had mentioned it before while they were having tea.

Now, looking at the changes in the bodies of these two, Lord Thunder thought that the manufacture of the formula was close at hand. Once it was announced and Immortal Toya applied for a patent, regardless of the wealth it gained him, it would be the perfect conclusion to a virtuous undertaking!

Seeing the two attendants talk and laugh together as they led the way, Lord Thunder also felt happy since he had witnessed their growth.

"You look like you have a good sibling relationship." Lord Thunder smiled.

Jin Shi turned his head and replied with a smile, "Actually, we did argue before, and they were pretty bad fights. But shifu would teach us each time that siblings should love one another."

His little sister Yin Shi followed up on what he said: "Our spirit roots actually hadn't completely recovered back then. Shifu said that during this time, we had to keep our spirits up, so our communication has changed a lot in recent years!"

"How do you communicate with each other?"

Jin Shi and Yin Shi spoke in unison, "For example, we bathe together at night!"

"..."

It had just been a casual question, but Lord Thunder felt like someone had dropped a bombshell on him!





Chapter 418 Senior Immortal Does Have a Problem, and It's a Big One


Bathe together...

Lord Thunder took a deep air as he struggled to keep his cool.

He had watched Jin Shi and Yin Shi grow up; they basically had no contact with the outside world, so it was Immortal Toya who saw to their education. In addition to cultivating, they typically spent their time studying. They were smart and pure kids, and wouldn't do anything corrupt.

But then again, had Immortal Toya forgotten to teach them about this aspect? Lord Thunder rubbed his chin while he walked and pondered; he felt that men and women were different... They shouldn't be too close even if they were biological siblings!

At this point in time, he was suddenly reminded of his younger sister, Thunder Goddess. Unlike the obedient Yin Shi, his little sister was quite violent and a sadist!

Lord Thunder deeply felt that if there were any more girls like his sister nowadays, there wouldn't be enough beds in German orthopedics...

While his imagination ran wild, Jin Shi and Yin Shi led the young man in white on a winding path through the secluded black bamboo forest. Not far up ahead was a young man who looked like an idol, with a large gourd on his back. He was calm and composed as he stood by the lake; it was clear he had been waiting for a while.

"Shifu, shifu! We've brought Senior Immortal over!" Jin Shi and Yin Shi stepped forward and bowed.

"Mm, well done." Immortal Toya rubbed their heads. "Previously, I planted spirit mandarins without peels in this black bamboo forest; once they are ripe, the peels will fall off by themselves. In fact, these fallen peels are important medicinal ingredients. Your task today is to sweep the ground and gather these mandarin peels. When you're done, wait for me at the Cultivation Mind Pavilion on the island."

"Yes, shifu!" The two said in unison.

"Mm, follow the paper crane as usual. If you encounter any danger that you can't handle, tear it up, and I'll be there immediately." Immortal Toya then raised his hand, and in his palm appeared a paper crane to guide the way. The siblings understood, and bowed as they took their leave to follow the crane.

While Immortal Toya had picked these siblings up, he had always treated them as his own children. Though he didn't have biological children of his own yet, he already felt like a father.

Actually, he had deliberately sent Jin Shi and Yin Shi to greet Lord Thunder in order to sound out the situation.

His assumption was that if Senior Immortal really was secretly married and had a kid, he would definitely have complicated emotions when he saw Jin Shi and Yin Shi!

And it was as Immortal Toya had expected... After sending Jin Shi and Yin Shi away, he saw this young man in white cup his chin, lost in thought; his brow was furrowed, and his expression looked a little complicated.

It appeared that Senior Immortal really did have a problem, and it was a big one! Immortal Toya was alarmed. He had never thought that Senior Immortal was the kind of person to fool around outside, but seeing the signs right now, it really looked very suspicious.

Obviously, Senior Immortal had been under too much pressure in the last few days!

Immortal Toya couldn't help sighing in his heart; it was rare to see such a moody expression on Lord Thunder's face.

But since he didn't have any direct evidence, it was like Dharmaraja had said: he could only ask him in a roundabout way!

"Senior Immortal?" With a smile on his face, Immortal Toya called the young man in white, rousing him from his deep contemplation.

"Oh! Excuse me, Brother To, I was distracted by something when I saw Jin Shi and Yin Shi!" Lord Thunder rubbed his head and grinned.

Immortal Toya: "It's fine, Senior Immortal, I understand..."

The pressure of being a father was undoubtedly huge!

Lord Thunder: "???"

Immortal Toya pointed at an immortal boat on the bank of the lake: "Senior Immortal, let's get on the boat before we talk any further."

"Alright." Stepping forward, Lord Thunder realized that this was a brand new immortal boat, and once they were onboard, he couldn't help asking, "By the by, did you buy this immortal boat recently?"

"That's right, I bought it very cheap!" Immortal Toya nodded, and then his expression suddenly changed as he whispered, "That's because the owner of the immortal boat shop hooked up with another woman and had a kid. After the divorce, he was in a hurry to sell off and break up his assets."

"Brother To, you really lucked out this time."

It was obvious that the young man in white didn't get the hint in his words.

...Was his question not clear enough?

Immortal Toya clutched his head as he thought it over; he decided to take a different approach.

...

Since this immortal boat was fully automatic, the route had already been set, and it would immediately start moving after its owner activated it with magic.

It took about fifteen minutes to get to Chrysanthemum Island in the middle of Yunlan Lake from the banks of the lake.

Halfway there, Immortal Toya suddenly said, "Senior Immortal, do you know the story about this lake?"

"What story?" Lord Thunder perked up, curious.

"Before my ancestor officially acquired this land, this Yunlan Lake was Nalan Clan territory under the control of a remarkable and reputable leader. My ancestor took a fancy to Yunlan Lake's fengshui and wanted to build an island here as a base to refining elixirs. Back then, he had tried negotiating with the Nalan Clan many times but to no avail, until one day, something happened..."

Lord Thunder: "???"

"The great leader of the Nalan Clan had been cuckolded!"

Lord Thunder: "..."

"His wife had another man on the outside, and not only that, she got pregnant," said Immortal Toya said. "At that time, husband and wife had already been married for several decades, but they never had children, which was a heavy blow to the Nalan leader."

"What happened after that?"

"His wife was pressured into marrying the man because of the baby, and in extreme humiliation and pain, the leader divorced her... Not long after that, he and my ancestor made a deal, and he let go off Yunlan Lake and its surrounding estate at a low price."

At this point, Immortal Toya abruptly turned his head toward Lord Thunder and asked, "Senior Immortal, have you heard of Nalan Buddhist Temple?"

Lord Thunder nodded his head. "Mm, I think I've heard of it."

"It's said that it was the Nalan leader who built this hall... After divorcing his wife back then, he was so miserable that he tried killing himself many times, and was continually rescued by an expert. Finally, disillusioned with the world, he listened to that expert's instruction and build a Buddhist temple far from his hometown in a remote mountain village."

"I never knew there was this kind of story..."

Lord Thunder clicked his tongue. "By the way, who was this expert who saved his life several times?"

"That person is the Taoist founder of the Sunflower Manual, Zen Master Sunflower."

Speaking up to this point, Immortal Toya paused. "...After the Nalan leader converted to Buddhism, he also cultivated its art, and gave himself the Taoist name: Nalan Yanran1."

1(A female protagonist in the series 'Battle to the Heavens..') Lord Thunder: "..."





Chapter 419 Immortal Toya's Indirect Attack


After listening to Immortal Toya's story, Lord Thunder sank into deep thought.

On the immortal boat, several beads of cold sweat ran down Immortal Toya's forehead as he cast stealthy sidelong glances at Senior Immortal next to him. Ninety percent of the story he had told just now was true, while he had exaggerated and made up the remaining ten percent. In this way, he expounded on the story of a grieving man whose wife had cheated on him, and who had divorced her in hatred. After her shotgun marriage, he experienced all sorts of torment and became disillusioned with life.

Actually, while this story might sound very tragic, Immortal Toya felt that it wasn't a bad ending. At the very least, after it was all over, the Nalan leader had been able to break free of this incident; if he was still alive now, his cultivation would be profoundly high.

However, after inheriting this ancestral land a century ago, Immortal Toya had no longer heard any news about Zen Master Nalan... It was possible that he had already passed away.

"After listening to this story, what do you think?" Immortal Toya turned slightly and asked.

He felt that his prompt this time was obvious enough. From the first story about the immortal boat to the second one about the Nalan leader, the two keywords were, undoubtedly, number one: children.

Number two: shotgun marriage.

Of course, the most important word was: marriage!

This was already no longer a hint, but a blatant prompt! And it wasn't just evidence, but bona fide ironclad proof!

After Immortal Toya's ongoing hints, Lord Thunder raised his head after deep thought and looked at him. "Brother To, after listening to both your stories..."

Immortal Toya: "Mm, is there anything you want to say?"

Lord Thunder: "It seems like everything you've acquired, from this ancestral land to this immortal boat, was due to some other family's misfortune?"

"..." Unexpectedly, Immortal Toya was unable to respond!

"That's bad luck! How about I look for a diviner I know to predict your fortune? I'm not very good at it." The young man in white had a very serious expression as he looked at Immortal Toya. "By the way, Brother To, why do I feel like there's something wrong with your expression today when you look at me?"

"It's nothing... You're thinking too much... The island's in front, I've already asked the old aunties to cook something, let's talk later after we sit down." Immortal Toya sighed in his heart; now that his second plan had failed, he only had one more plan he could carry out.

It was the third and final one...

If it didn't succeed, he would have died for a good cause.

"Brother To, you even specially prepared food? I just came to give you a gift, you didn't have to be so polite," said Lord Thunder.

He had never been to Chrysanthemum Island, and had planned to do a surreptitious circle around it before leaving.

After giving one ring to Immortal Toya, he still had six left, and later he would have to distribute them to Cailian Zhenren, Nine Times Man and the rest.

"It won't take up too much time. I've already prepared an immortal car, we can eat as we drive, and at the same time Senior Immortal can take a look around the island," Immortal Toya said with a smile.

"Great! Since I'm here... Brother To, you're too courteous!"

Lord Thunder could only accept his hospitality.

When they reached the island, there were chrysanthemum gardens everywhere, meticulously arranged according to color and breed. It gave off a picturesque charm from afar.

At the entrance to the island was a stele on which a poem had been engraved in gold lettering: While picking chrysanthemums beneath the Eastern fence, My gaze upon the Southern mountain rests.

Lord Thunder took a deep breath and felt relaxed all over!

The spirit qi on Chrysanthemum Island was ten times denser than in the city. It wasn't just because the spirit chrysanthemums had a natural ability to absorb spirit qi, it also had to do with the island's unique fengshui.

Back then, the Nalan Clan had had an excellent reputation. The family definitely had to have their reasons for taking note of this land and inhabiting this territory.

"If I wasn't in a hurry today, I'd definitely stay for a bit. Brother To, it's so comfortable here," Lord Thunder couldn't help praising.

Immortal Toya laughed aloud. "You flatter me, Senior Immortal. The future is long, you'll get the chance! If you want to come and breathe in the chrysanthemums in the future, let me know ahead of time, and I'll arrange everything."

"...Breathe in chrysanthemums?"

"One inhale of these spirit chrysanthemums can extend your life! These days, there are some people who inhale the scent of cats and some who inhale the scent of dogs... It's pretty good for you to come here and breathe in the chrysanthemums."

"..."

They didn't speak on the journey as they walked deep into a chrysanthemum maze. It was only now that Lord Thunder realized that each chrysanthemum garden was one part of the maze.

Anyone under the Soul Formation stage were restricted from flying here; once they were caught in the maze, it would be very hard for them to get out.

"My ancestors set up this maze to protect the elixirs refined in the core furnace," Immortal Toya said. "My Toya Clan used to be a great clan which mass produced elixirs. We would have more than we could handle at the end of each year, so we would hire some outside alchemists, and put them up in the guestrooms on the periphery of the island. However, some of these people would steal things, which was why this maze was set up.

"But there's no use for it now. The current legal system is comprehensive, and we have surveillance cameras everywhere. Anyone with the least bit of brain wouldn't just come bursting in." Immortal Toya shrugged his shoulders and smiled slightly.

"Why not pull down the maze?"

"It was something my ancestors set up, and we've already applied for a patent. It's now a UNESCO heritage site."

"..."

"Previously, several people from Nanhan nation came to learn how to build a maze. I was afraid that they would claim they developed it, so I applied for a patent in advance!"

"..."

"In the future, once I no longer refine elixirs, I also plan to open up the island as a tourist destination. Aren't escape rooms all the rage now? This chrysanthemum maze is a selling point!"

"As usual, Brother To has a keen sense for business." Lord Thunder laughed.

Finally, Lord Thunder saw that they had stopped in front of an immortal car.

At that time, he couldn't help asking, "By the way, what food have you prepared?"

Immortal Toya patted his head secretly; he had let himself be distracted by Senior Immortal, and had almost forgotten the actual matter at hand!

But now he knew his chance had come!

"Just home cooking, nothing special..." Immortal Toya looked fixedly at the young man in white. His eyes turned austere, making Lord Thunder shudder with a chill.

"Mandarin duck hot pot 1 ..."

1(Refers to a hot pot with two compartments for different types of broth, but mandarin ducks also refer to a loving couple.) "Wife Cake 2 ..."

2(Literal translation for a type of flaky Chinese pastry.) "Fuqi feiqian 3 ..."

3(A spicy Sichuan dish of beef slices and offal. The literal translation is 'husband and wife lung pieces .. ') "..."

Realization finally dawned on Lord Thunder at this moment. "Brother To, I feel you were a bit strange today... are you trying to tell me something?"

"Senior Immortal, you've finally realized it?" Immortal Toya was inadvertently pleased.

But before he could be happy for long, Lord Thunder said something which directly crushed him.

Lord Thunder let out a heavy sigh and patted Immortal Toya on the shoulder. "I know it hasn't been easy for you raising Jin Shi and Yin Shi all these years... Indeed, now is the time to find these two a stepmother."

"???"

Immortal Toya: "That... that's not it, Senior Immortal..."

Lord Thunder: "Don't be shy - I know a girl called ShenLe 4 , she's not bad; how about you add her on WeChat?"

4('My God!' In Chinese) Immortal Toya: "..."





Chapter 420 Nine Times Man and His Dream of the Performing Arts


On a spirit mountain on the outskirts of Jinghua city lay Elegant Little Pavilion, which no one knew about.

The area around the spirit mountain was covered in a powerful barrier. Anyone under True Immortal level would be unable to spy on it by whatever means. They wouldn't be able to find any trace of this pavilion even with the most advanced equipment available.

That was because this was where one of the Ten Founding Generals, General Yi, spent his days.

But when it came to handling official business, he actually didn't have much to worry about. His situation was like Marshal Jiang with his family apartment. They were both of the Ten Founding Generals and had formidable strength. In terms of military force, they occupied first and second place among the ten generals.

Hm... In addition, they both thought they were number one...

They almost had nothing to do in their daily lives, and it was only when they were needed to help capture SSS-level wanted criminals like the old devil that they would take action after being invited to take the lead on the mission.

...

Twenty minutes ago.

A side table had been placed next to the window in Elegant Little Pavilion. The pavilion window was lower to the ground, and looking out from it was like sitting on the summit of heaven as the mountains around it looked small.

General Yi was holding a cup of tea and cracking sunflower seeds...

"The people in this group are so interesting." General Yi was playing with his phone. When Dharmaraja had set up the group chat earlier, he had also pulled in General Yi's Nine Times Man side account.

In addition, when it came to the origin of this chat group, that was a long story...

"I haven't asked General Yi; how are you acquainted with this group of juniors?" asked an old man with a grizzled beard and hair who was sitting in front of General Yi.

His surname was Tang and his given name was the single 'Chen' character. He was General Yi's trusted aide and also the housekeeper and gardener at Elegant Little Pavilion. Whenever General Yi received a mission from his higher-ups, he could be gone for more than half a month or even up to several months, and someone needed to personally tend to the gardens around the pavilion.

As people advanced in their years, they would especially like to take care of plants, which General Yi summed up as: old man's interest. But ever since he joined Lord Thunder's group chat, General Yi had developed a second hobby: disguising himself as a newbie and chatting with the rest of the group.

"I came to know them while I was running a mission. Since it wasn't convenient for my identity to be exposed, this old man pretended to be a junior from the younger generation with the Taoist name Nine Times in One Night. Actually, that is my adopted son."

Eyes fixed on the screen, General Yi couldn't help laughing. "But this kid has no interest in cultivation, so he has yet to move beyond the Golden Core stage. Because of that mission, I later made Lord Thunder's acquaintance, and I had to ask him several times before I could join the group chat. When this old man doesn't have time to meet him, I'll entrust my adopted son Nine Times Man to go in my stead."

"General Yi actually has an adopted son; this is my first time hearing of it..."

"It's not a big deal, this old man will introduce him to you next time." General Yi gazed at the screen.

Immortal Toya had just sent some news:Lord Thunder had already set foot on Chrysanthemum Island, and Immortal Toya was planning to use indirect means to ask him the truth about the ring... It was becoming more and more interesting!

Old Tang broke into a sweat. "But General Yi, your adopted son Nine Times Man is only at the Golden Core stage; wouldn't his cover be blown for certain?"

General Yi shook his head. "It's impossible to see through his appearance. Back then, I used a transfiguration elixir specially modelled on Nine Times Man's face, and no one under True Immortal level would be able to detect it, even with the Heavenly Eye. In terms of aura, he has my golden talisman on him. When it comes to personality traits, there's even less to worry about - this old man's adopted son Nine Times Man might not be interested in cultivation, but he's a qualified actor."

Old Tang wiped at his sweat again. "Ac... actor?"

"That's right; while he's not well-known in show business, he's very passionate about his career. Furthermore, he rejected me helping him to get a foot in the door... otherwise, this old man just needs to make one phone call to help him hit the big time."

General Yi said: "Earlier, the juniors in the group said that they wanted to come here to give me a gift. It's not convenient for me to leave right now, so I'll have Nine Times Man do it for me."

Old Tang: "..."

"All the people in this group are righteous juniors, I truly admire them. Furthermore, they're all of one heart and mind, and will stand together in times of trial and tribulation. In this current era, there are already not a lot of juniors from the newer generation who are like this. Listening to them talk in the group about gossip in the cultivation world is actually very interesting."

Old Tang nodded. "That's right... most of the juniors nowadays are too fickle and impatient..."

This current era could no longer be compared with the past when cultivation happened one step at a time. Nowadays, those with realms below the Golden Core stage could use all kinds of spirit elixirs to accelerate their progress, causing those rich second generation kids to feel a sense of natural superiority which would without fail have a severe impact on their mentality.

Before General Yi had relocated him here to be a gardener, Old Tang had worked as a researcher in the field of education and had been opposed to the use of acceleration drugs to advance realms.

But that was already a very old story...

As long as one had aptitude and resources, it only took a short twenty years to reach the Golden Core stage.

A thousand years ago, no one would have dared believed this was possible. For those cultivators who had cultivated painstakingly for hundreds of years to hit the Nascent Soul stage, but ultimately died without hope as Golden Core cultivators... Old Tang thought that if they were to learn about this acceleration after their deaths, they would probably be infuriated enough to tear off the lids of their coffins and jump out! Even Newton wouldn't be able to keep them down!

So listening to General Yi, Old Tang nodded his head non-stop. "It would be good if we had more juniors like these in our modern cultivation circle..."

"Old Tang is right. Although the people in this group are from the younger generation, all of them are outstanding juniors. I've heard about almost all of them. However..." Speaking up to this point, General Yi's gaze suddenly hardened a little. "Actually, there is one person in this group that this old man is very curious about, but I haven't been able to find out anything about his true identity until now."

Old Tang laughed. "Someone that can pique General Yi's interest? Looks like this person isn't simple..."

General Yi nodded his head. "Everyone in the group calls him Ling Zhenren, but he actually isn't at Perfected Being level; that's just what they are used to calling him.

"Every single person in the group deeply respects this Ling Zhenren and are afraid to offend him. This old man already assigned someone to make indirect enquiries and investigate his identity from all angles..."

Old Tang was very curious. "In the end?"

General Yi heaved a sigh. "It was all mosaic tiles!"

Old Tang: "..."





Chapter 421 Come, Let's Listen to a Song First and Calm Down


"Why is it... a mosaic?" Old Tang asked confusedly.

"At first I also wondered whether something had gone wrong, but then I discovered that no matter what material I used, it would become mosaic tiles once it came into my hands. So now I suspect that this senior has cast some sort of spell," said General Yi.

"What kind of spell?"

"I don't know yet." General Yi shook his head. "At first, I thought it was just a smokescreen or a hallucination spell. At my current realm, as long as I open my Heavenly Eye, theoretically there should be no spell that can be hidden from me... unless, the spell used exceeds my level."

Old Tang gasped. "A spell beyond True Immortal level?"

"That's right." General Yi nodded. "Soul Formation cultivators can at most use fifth-grade spells, Perfected Beings sixth-grade, Itinerant Immortals seventh-grade and True Immortals can use eighth-grade spells... Of course, this old man has also heard that grade eight isn't the limit for True Immortals, and a small number of them can discharge ninth-grade spells beyond that. The spell this Senior Ling cast is very likely a ninth-grade spell."

Old Tang understood immediately. "If even General Yi is unable to determine the deception spell this senior is using, then it's very likely as you've said: he's probably a great expert who can use ninth-grade spells. But has General Yi ever thought that there might be another possibility?"

"I know what you want to say."

General Yi smiled and pinched his moustache. "You think this Senior Ling might be a Venerated Immortal, right?"

"Mm." Old Tang nodded. "To be honest, I did think so."

"But this old man feels that you're thinking too much. It's absolutely impossible." General Yi lowered his voice.

"Can General Yi tell me why?"

"It's true that there are indeed Venerated Immortals in this world since they did exist before... But our Huaxiu nation has been working together with dozens of major powers for so many years to search for them, and we have yet to find any clues.

"Even if our nation has historical records of Immortal Zhenyuan, who stepped into the Venerated Immortal realm, it's only a legend. Until now, there's no proof that anyone has ever seen with their own eyes a living senior with this realm in this world.

"We cultivate realms to live long lives. While the concept of the Dao path of immortality has been spoken of since a long time ago, the reality is that there's no substance to it; it's impossible. Even seniors at Venerated Immortal level would now just be bones in the ground... What's more, no one in our time will ever reach Venerated Immortal level at all."

"Why's that?" Old Tang was confused.

General Yi said meaningfully, "The rumor is that if you want to reach Venerated Immortal level, you have to go through the Samsara Spirit Tribulation. But it consumes a tremendous amount of spirit energy from heaven and earth to get through it. In this era, cultivation rates have sped up, but the spirit energy of heaven and earth is not as abundant as before; it will be exhausted sooner or later, maybe in several thousand years, or ten thousand years later..."

When he heard this, Old Tang understood this. This was the "Theory of the Degenerate Age 1 " that had been put forward in the present.

1(This is the third age of the Three Ages of Buddhism following Buddha's decline, in which it is believed that people will be unable to gain enlightenment.) A singer had specially written a song on this "Degenerate Age," and the memory of it was still fresh in Old Tang's mind.

The lyrics 2 were:

2(Adapted from the song "Dang" by Power Station Season.) When the world loses its ridges

When spirit energy no longer flows

When time stops and night and day become indistinguishable

When the Spirit Energy era ceases to be...

...

Furthermore, the most important was that this "Theory of the Degenerate Age" wasn't complete nonsense; it was already supported by many leading experts in the world.

The subject, which was a little heavy and sad, caused the two old men in Elegant Little Pavilion to fall silent for a moment.

Although they held different positions, both of them had experienced many historical moments themselves, and had witnessed countless sagas in the cultivation world; they were people who had seen Huaxiu nation built one step at a time, spanning the ages up to the present.

The end was not what they wanted to see...

After a few minutes, General Yi's tense face finally relaxed.

He sipped his tea, composed his thoughts, and couldn't help laughing. "Old Tang, this topic is too heavy. We shouldn't discuss it. Who knows what will happen in the future... Maybe something will change."

"What General Yi says is correct." Old Tang nodded.

"Mm... on the topic of Senior Ling, there's something this old man has yet to mention," General Yi said. "There is actually a very simple reason for why I don't think this Senior Ling is a Venerated Immortal... Old Tang, you should know that Venerated Immortals are supreme beings who have something called 'vision' in their hearts... This kind of seniors have great ken, and if they really did get through that era, they basically wouldn't join chat groups."

Old Tang: "..."

"Old Tang, can you imagine a Venerated Immortal senior chatting online at home and eating cheap snacks like latiao and crispy noodle snacks everyday?" asked General Yi.

Old Tang shook his head weakly. "Indeed I can't..."

"So there's no way this Ling Zhenren can be a Venerated Immortal." General Yi was actually a bit depressed as he grabbed his phone. "If he is a Venerated Immortal with this kind of mentality... this old man would have gone through the Samsara Spirit Tribulation a thousand years ago!"

Old Tang: "..."

"If there is an opportunity, this old man will definitely find this Ling Zhenren and personally challenge him to a duel."

Deep in thought, General Yi quickly waved his hand after that. "Let's stop talking about it... it's so frustrating."

Old Tang smiled. "How about we play chess?"

"No, no..."

General Yi tapped open a music app on his phone. "Come, let's listen to a song and calm down! This is a song that my foster son Nine Times Man sang himself some time ago; it expresses his dream of pursuing a career in show business!"

"Alright! I'm all ears!" Old Tang nodded earnestly.

General Yi pressed the play button, and after a couple of seconds, the prelude started to play...

Then, a voice directly pierced Old Tang's eardrums like a thunderclap: Chase dreams, chase dreams, chase dreams in show business ness ness ness ness ness... We are pure pure pure pure youngsters 3 ...

3(There is a movie called "Pure Hearts: Into Chinese Showbiz" and its score on the Douban review site is only 2.2.) ...

Old Tang was directly dumbstruck. "..."

General Yi: "How is it, Old Tang?"

Old Tang: "..."

General Yi: "Tell me the truth! Or I'll get angry!"

After calming down from his astonishment, Old Tang rubbed his temples. "Well... the prelude is very passionate, the song's not bad..."

General Yi laughed. "Ha ha ha! I knew that you and I have the same taste!"

Old Tang: "..."

General Yi: "The song is very popular now online! And even you, Old Tang, think it sounds good! But do you know what its score is on Douban 4 ?"

4(It's worth noting that the 'dou' used here is 逗, which is slang for silly, instead of 豆 in the actual website's name.) "..." Old Tang shook his head, a little scared.

General Yi held up two fingers. "Only 2.0!"

Old Tang: "..."

"This old man was angry at that time! If my foster son hadn't stopped me... This Douban would have long become bean paste 5 !"

5(The actual name for the Douban website,豆瓣,literally translates to 'bean halves .. ') General Yi sighed deeply. "Nowadays in society... when their own songs aren't as popular, they'll criticise other people's songs. When professional gamers can't win, they'll say the other party used cheats... This old man is very disappointed..."

Old Tang: "..."





Chapter 422 This is ♂ Respect for a Friend!


In the space of one Sunday, a lot of things Wang Ling hadn't expected had happened.

He thought that it was very likely because the "Great Fortune Spell" was still working.

Why did Lord Thunder wind up accidentally wearing the ring on his ring finger? Why did Dharmaraja happen to notice it later when Senior Immortal gave them out? And now, because of a small misunderstanding about leaving the group, Dharmaraja was personally dropping by with crispy noodle snacks to apologize... At this thought, Wang Ling completely understood! It turned out that the crispy noodle snacks were to blame for all of this!

Wang Ling secretly wiped at his sweat. Sure enough, he couldn't use the "Great Fortune Spell" casually from now on. Although he truly loved crispy noodle snacks, he couldn't let that true love cause all types of conflict and unnecessary misunderstandings.

Also, Wang Ling for some reason felt that someone was constantly investigating him. He didn't need to worry given the existence of the "Great Shielding Spell," but there were times when he had something like a sixth sense for danger, and the stronger the feeling was, the clearer it was that there was a problem.

Wang Ling's eyelids drooped, and his gaze appeared a little heavy as he felt that something big was about to happen...

But most important of all: why was his daily life always so chaotic?!

He just wanted to buy youtiao and respectable tea eggs 1 in peace and go to school in peace after eating them!

1(The emphasis on 'respectable' here probably has to do with the controversy generated when a Taiwanese professor claimed that many mainland Chinese can't afford to buy them ..) ...

On Chrysanthemum Island, after Immortal Toya's wild and blatant hints, it was clear that there was no hiding this matter any longer.

Although Lord Thunder had sensed something, it had nothing at all to do with what the fellow brothers in the group were most concerned about!

In the immortal car, Lord Thunder was already no longer in the mood to sightsee around Chrysanthemum Island and didn't even touch the food on the table.

He blamed himself and thought that he was very stupid... It had actually taken him so long to realize, with all the signs and hints that his good brother Immortal Toya had given him, that the other man was looking for a girlfriend! Furthermore, he couldn't find just anyone to be his girlfriend because she would have to shoulder the responsibility as Chrysanthemum Island's future mistress and also take good care of Jin Shi and Yin Shi!

"Senior Immortal, actually, this matter isn't as complicated as you think..." The corners of Immortal Toya's mouth twitched slightly; his thoughts were already in complete disarray.

Lord Thunder: "Brother Toya, don't interrupt! I'm talking serious business here!"

Immortal Toya: "..."

Lord Thunder was so excited that he gripped Immortal Toya's hand and said, "Brother To, you don't have to say anything else! As Jin Shi and Yin Shi's godfather, I've always wanted to do something for them!"

Immortal Toya: "Senior Immortal, it's not like that..."

Lord Thunder: "I told you not to interrupt!"

Immortal Toya: "..."

Lord Thunder: "I know there were a lot of people pursuing you before, for example, Headmistress Xingye of the Seven Stars Sect. But that's in the past! You can consider that Miss Shenle I told you about earlier. If she really won't do, there is in fact a second candidate... my younger sister, Thunder Goddess."

Immortal Toya: "..."

When he said this, Lord Thunder shuddered involuntarily.

Immortal Toya saw it happen.

He had only seen Senior Immortal's younger sister, Thunder Goddess, once before, and his impression was of a forthright and open-minded cultivator who occasionally returned from abroad, with sunglasses, curly hair, a bare midriff, and low-waisted pants... This was Immortal Toya's first impression of this little sister. She lived abroad all year round, and even her elder brother Lord Thunder didn't see her much each year.

'I've been trying to get my little sis to come back; if Brother Toya is willing to accept this unruly devil, that would be fantastic! That would give her a reason to come back here to live!"

Lord Thunder spoke excitedly, while Immortal Toya's sweat flowed continuously... In all his years of alchemy, sitting in front of his furnace and baking in high temperatures, he had never sweated as much as he was sweating today!

"Senior Immortal, can you let me finish speaking..."

"Okay... speak, Brother Toya."

Immortal Toya took a deep breath, then mustered up his courage. "Senior Immortal... who gave you the ring on the ring finger of your left hand?"

"Oh, this ring!" Lord Thunder hadn't expected Immortal Toya to ask this question, but since he had already made a promise to Wang Ling, there was no way he would mention Wang Ling's name.

"It's from a friend of mine. He made a batch of holy weapon-grade magic rings. He gave me one, and told me to bring some back for the brothers and sister in the group."

He spoke very naturally, and Immortal Toya was unable to detect anything out of the ordinary. While he was speaking, Lord Thunder gave him a magic ring. "This is for you, Brother Toya!"

Immortal Toya accepted the magic ring, and carefully examined it... It was really a holy weapon-grade magic ring! Looking at the workmanship and the details, he felt that this person was definitely an expert in refining weapons! The most important part of a magic ring was its color and luster, and there were too many exquisite details on this magic ring!

Although the magic ring was pitch black all over in color, Immortal Toya could sense the tremendous spirit power that flowed inside it, and could genuinely feel the blood and sweat which this great smith had poured into making it!

That weaponsmith must have consumed a lot of energy to create this magic ring. Although its makeup didn't seem complicated, there was a saying that "The greatest truths are the simplest." A lot of high quality magic rings that performed exceptionally weren't in fact especially outstanding in appearance. Showy magic treasures had never been the trend in the cultivation circle; it was the simple and the practical that were the real deal.

After examining the magic ring for a while, Immortal Toya sighed inwardly, thinking that this was the simple truth of the matter... Actually, Senior Immortal wasn't the type of person to dupe his friends or lie to begin with.

But there was one thing that Immortal Toya couldn't understand. He couldn't help asking, "Why are you wearing the magic ring on your ring finger, Senior Immortal?"

"In my clan, it's a sign of respect for a gift from an important friend: we have to carry jewelry-type magic treasures on our person for seven days without taking it off, no matter what it looks like, as a sign of our respect. Wearing the ring on my ring finger of the left hand might cause a lot of people to mistakenly assume that I'm already married, but in fact, it's just etiquette in my clan," Lord Thunder explained.

Immortal Toya nodded. "Oh, I see..."

...Never too old to learn!

Then Dharmaraja's misunderstanding was really huge!

After Senior Immortal left, Immortal Toya would have to think about how to clarify this entire matter!

"Why do I feel like Brother Toya is very concerned about my wearing a ring on my left ring finger..."

"Senior Immortal, you now stand at the forefront of the cultivation world. In the absence of any news explaining that you're married, a ring appearing on the ring finger of your left hand would inevitably create misunderstandings. Have you ever thought about applying a layer of some invisibility solution over the ring?" Immortal Toya said meaningfully.

"I accept your suggestion, Brother Toya, I'll definitely do that later! It's indeed not good to cause misunderstandings!"

Lord Thunder nodded hurriedly. "But this ring is very special to me, and I won't take it off until I've found someone I especially admire."

"I also didn't expect Senior Immortal's weaponsmith friend to be so generous as to gift you with this type of high quality magic rings. This conduct is truly admirable. You can tell with one look that he must have spent a very long time refining them..."

Lord Thunder broke into a sweat. "..." In fact, it hadn't taken long at all!





Chapter 423 Xiao Yin's "Romantic Encounter"


While this weekend was very lively for Wang Ling, Xiao Yin was bored to death.

After becoming obsessed with human chat gadgets, Xiao Yin had his phone on him almost all the time. Holy beasts didn't need to rest at all; as long as Xiao Yin wanted to, he could stay awake for hundreds, even over a thousand years... Destroying the liver from staying up all night was something that would never happen to him, but even if he damaged his liver, his holy beast heart would restore it instantly.

However, today's chat group was very strange because unexpectedly, no one was saying anything; in the past, even if everyone in the group was busy, they would occasionally send emojis or fight memes or something!

In Lord Thunder's house, Xiao Yin sat cross-legged on the sofa, eyes fixed on his phone screen.

He sent a sticker from "Playful Blue Moon 1 ," which had been popular online recently.

1(A Chinese RPG Game.) Then, he held the phone and stared at it for a few minutes... not a single person responded!

"Ah! How boring!"

With no one to chat to, Xiao Yin felt a deep sense of lonely despair.

But a few minutes later, an unfamiliar ID called "Immortal Two" suddenly added him as a close friend, and the profile picture was actually of a women's kiss mark... Furthermore, the reason Immortal Two had given for applying to be friends was: I'm crazy about your blood...

Xiao Yin's gaze froze slightly.

His identity couldn't have been exposed, and he had only applied for this account on the penguin social chat recently; its level was in fact very low. Furthermore, he wouldn't actively add other people, and generally, no one would seek to add this kind of low level account.

Xiao Yin scrutinized the account information for "Immortal Two" and found that this person's level was actually three crowns! — This was already higher than the levels of many of the people in the chat group!

Additionally, this person's signature was: How I long for a mouth from the past and the temperature on the tip of the tongue...

" Ss ..."

Xiao Yin's hands trembled. Could this be the legendary human... romantic encounter?

No way...

It couldn't be a coincidence, right?

Previously, when Xiao Yin had been bored, he had looked up ways to entertain himself online, and had seen all kinds of answers on the Internet, like binge-watching shows and playing games... While he could kill some time with the former, games were really boring for Xiao Yin.

For a liver god like him who almost never needed to sleep; even if usually he might not be lucky when drawing cards, he had all the time in the world for it! When it came to time, who could afford to squander it the way he could?

So in comparison, Xiao Yin still preferred chatting as well as browsing Zhihu2 and the cultivation forum for the latest gossip or scoop.

2(The Chinese used here is a homophone for the Chinese social Q&A website.) Everyone had different preferences when using the Internet, and even holy beasts were no exception.

Besides the above, Xiao Yin had seen another application which was the so-called "Shake"; as long as people in the same city shook their phones at the same time, it was possible to be linked to a chat account of a "predestined person," leading to many indescribable stories happening...

But that wasn't right!

He hadn't shaken his phone! Why had it come to him?

Folding his arms, Xiao Yin stared at the screen. He felt his heart race, and suddenly he was a little nervous.

Hm... There was a first time for everything! He should maintain a level state of mind!

Xiao Yin admonished himself in his heart, and then stretched out his hand to press the "Accept" button.

While he was thinking about what to say, in the end, this "girl" actually sent him red lips straightaway with three words for him: Shall we date...

"Oh my god..."

Xiao Yin abruptly sucked in a breath. Were all human little sisters this straightforward nowadays?

...

On the other side, after successfully adding Xiao Yin's username, Er Ha directly lay on the floor and clutched its belly as it laughed so hard it became a dog ball.

Holy beasts were only like this! They were truly terrible at detecting scams! When all was said and done, Xiao Yin hadn't been in the world for long, and so was easily deceived.

Wang Ling watched this drama unfold but did nothing to stop it, because in his view, this was practical education following formal entry into human society on how "old-timers," equipped with a particular awareness of scams, would treat "newbies."

Xiao Yin was obviously the newbie in this education class.

As long as Er Ha didn't go too far, Wang Ling thought that there was no harm in teasing Xiao Yin a little.

Er Ha stared at the screen. It had already been a full five minutes since he'd sent the message, but Xiao Yin still hadn't replied. Er Ha looked at the time and guessed that Xiao Yin was surfing the Internet to find out how to respond.

Sure enough, after a while, Xiao Yin sent a message: "Sorry, miss, I received a delivery just now..."

Just now, Xiao Yin had learned how to deal with a situation like this on the Internet, but by the time he had found something, he realized that a lot of time had passed.

Then, Xiao Yin checked the Internet yet again and discovered that usually in a situation where it took a man a very long time to reply to a girl's message, it could greatly reduce her favorable impression of him!

So he just made up a random story...

" Ai , still young!"

The moment it saw the message, Er Ha sneered. It knew Xiao Yin was definitely lying, and was most likely feeling very nervous right now.

Although it didn't know exactly what Xiao Yin had been looking for on the Internet, it didn't panic. It straightaway wrote the next message and sent it to Xiao Yin: "It's fine, I was taking a shower just now! The soft foam ran through my black hair, and now it feels silky smooth 3 ..."

3(The second half of this sentence is a line from a Chinese ad for Dove chocolate ..) Gripping his phone with both hands, Xiao Yin's Adams apple inexplicably bobbed. "Can you let me hear the fairy's voice...?"

Er Ha chuckled. Xiao Yin was clearly feeling out its gender with this question.

It had asked Wang Ming to help it set up this account, which was a limited type with an auspicious number and a level of three crowns. Additionally, it had various unimaginable functions and permissions, such as preventing people from recalling their messages... In fact, Wang Ming had initially prepared this account for Wang Ling, but Wang Ling had turned his back on how high-profile it was, so he had never used it. Wang Ming had kept it up until now.

This account had been inactive for many years, but after falling into Er Ha's hands recently, it was now being exploited to its fullest.

Er Ha remembered that this account had a "super voice converter" function. Any voice modified by an ordinary voice converter didn't sound natural, and they mostly sounded the same, so it was easy to tell that it had been modified. However, this voice converter was powerful enough to pass a fake voice off as genuine.

After turning on the voice converter, Er Ha directly pressed the voice button and recorded a message: Little brother, would you like to see my leg?

Then, it extended its claws...

In a flash, that initially deep voice instantly turned into an adorable girl's voice!

Xiao Yin's heart trembled and he felt his beast blood boil!

The next moment, the "fairy" actually directly sent him a flash pic...

Xiao Yin knew that a flash pic couldn't be saved and could only be viewed for five seconds before it was automatically deleted... And most flash pics were usually racy!

Xiao Yin swallowed and clicked open the flash pic.

Then...

A dog leg with green fur all over it appeared before his eyes...

"..."





Chapter 424 Why Is the Entire World Against Me, Xiao Yin...


Xiao Yin stared at the screen, deep in thought. For some reason, he felt like he had seen this green dog leg somewhere before...

After the thought floated around inside his brain for a long time, realization finally dawned on Xiao Yin; this dog leg... didn't it belong to Master's dog?!

Sure enough...

He had been tricked, right...?

Xiao Yin felt his holy beast heart sustain a heavy blow. What was meaning... what was love... where on earth was the basic trust between beasts?

On the sofa, he looked up at the ceiling as his heart gave a roar of despair and the tears streamed down his cheeks.

...

At that moment, when the door of the villa opened as Lord Thunder returned home, he saw a silver-haired young man with despair all over his face pound the ground as he cried bitterly...

Lord Thunder was shocked by the scene. "Brother Xiao Yin, this..." He had just returned from handing out the rings, and hadn't expected to see such a scene.

Xiao Yin looked up, his white face streaked with crystal tears and looking very pitiful. "My... my heart's broken."

As a matter of fact, not only had he gotten his heart broken - the crucial thing was that he had been tricked!

But Xiao Yin couldn't mention this no matter what.

Because he was a holy beast that had actually been fooled by a dog! It would be extremely humiliating if this got out.

Though he didn't know what had happened, Lord Thunder still went over and patted Xiao Yin on the shoulder in a consoling manner. "Brother Xiao Yin, there's a first time for everything, you have to accept that..."

When a person was feeling extremely brokenhearted, the more you comforted them, the louder their cries might get. Naturally, Xiao Yin was this sort.

Lord Thunder dropped his hand and was at a bit of a loss. "..." If he had known earlier, he wouldn't have comforted him. When he had entered the house, his tears had still been a drizzle - now it was like a storm!

Ignoring the crying Xiao Yin, Lord Thunder turned to the bathroom to get a basin which he put in front of Xiao Yin.

His tears still flowing, Xiao Yin looked at Lord Thunder. "What... what are you doing?"

Lord Thunder smiled. "Collecting your tears! Holy beast tears have medicinal value, don't waste them."

Xiao Yin: "..."

Several seconds later, Xiao Yin sniffed and wailed even harder.

Why is the entire world against me, Xiao Yin...

...

On the other side, Wang Ling watched Er Ha tease Xiao Yin the whole time. He could already guess how Xiao Yin must have gone from being ecstatic when he had mistakenly thought that he had added a little sister at the beginning to nearly breaking down and going over the edge, his mood like a rollercoaster going up and down.

During this span, Wang Ling hadn't been idle.

He had downloaded the midterm exam papers from last year and the year before from the group files inside the class chat group. This year's topic would definitely be different, and Teacher Pan had already said earlier that it would be a lot more difficult; no teacher would be so foolish as to copy past exam questions without changing them. But even knowing that the exam this year would be harder, it was still worth referring to the exam papers from the last two years.

Wang Ling was now trying to cross out exam topics with over a ninety percent chance of not being tested, and then summarize and collate those whose difficulty level might be increased.

For example, calculating the composition formula for the flame reaction of the "Angry Buddha Fire Lotus" had been a test item in the Dao talismans course for the last two years, so it definitely wouldn't be tested again this year.

Or take social studies for example; there had been a situation where, given the lack of a clear-cut classification system for animated shows, a local popular cartoon had been taken down for further investigation after being reported by the public 1 .

1(This is a reference to the 'Pleasant Goat and Big Big Wolf," the most popular cartoon at the time, that had stopped broadcasting in 2013 after public complaints that it was too violent for children ..) Wang Ling's intuition told him that this topic would probably be tested this year, and it definitely wouldn't just be a ten-points discussion question; it was very likely that it would be bumped up to a twenty five-points social studies essay question where students would have to write about the topic in one thousand words or less

That was because something similar had actually happened only just recently. Wang Ling remembered that a few days ago, Guo Hao had told him that one of his favorite horror novels had been pulled from the shelves after being reported; the rumor was that someone in the industry had been jealous of how well it was performing, and had reported it to get it taken off the shelves.

This was actually a fairly common occurrence in the news, but because other similar incidents dominated the list of popular discussion topics, they were all magnified.

Wang Ling silently put a mark next to this question, making it an important topic to review.

Of course, Wang Ling's review wasn't focused on getting higher scores. Instead, by summarizing and collating those topics that might be tested, he could calculate how much harder the questions this year would be. Then he could combine that with the average midterm scores from the last two years and guess what the average for this year would be.

Average scores were the most important to Wang Ling!

If he got marks which were too good or too poor... Father Wang would dock his allowance...

After about five minutes, he was done summarizing and collating the information.

Wang Ling looked at the time. It was already seven o'clock at night.

Almost seven hours had passed since Taoist Guang had received the computer.

The notebook Lord Thunder had bought, which was specially designed for the elderly, could already be considered the type that was very easy and simple to use. It had a built-in tutorial which to Wang Ling was very simple and easy to understand, and also very detailed - but he didn't know how good Taoist Guang was at studying.

Just as Wang Ling was thinking this, he suddenly felt his wristwatch vibrate.

It was Lord Thunder, who had sent him a private chat message. "Brother Ling! Are you there? Come quick! Senior Taoist Guang is finally online!"

...

Since it was Lord Thunder who had registered for that chat account, it was tied to another phone number he had, so once Taoist Guang went online, Lord Thunder's phone would immediately receive a text notification.

After receiving Lord Thunder's private message, Wang Ling opened the three-person private group and found that Taoist Guang's chat profile picture had changed color from grey, proving that the latter was online.

"Taoist Guang? @Taoist Guang." Lord Thunder tried to @Taoist Guang.

"I'm here..." It took Taoist Guang three minutes to respond with these two words. It was clear that it had been a pretty tough learning curve for him.

"Do you find the computer handy?" Lord Thunder sent a grinning emoji.

Five minutes later, Taoist Guang replied, "Yes... my, typing, is slow..."

Lord Thunder couldn't help laughing. "Actually, senior, you can try the voice function."

Another three minutes later...

Taoist Guang: "Can't... noisy..."

Later, Taoist Guang tried uploading the sound. When Lord Thunder heard it, he realized that there seriously was a lot of noise. Only then did he recall that Wang Ling had told him that Taoist Guang's soul space was an island, surrounded by surging tides and the sound of waves breaking along with the rainforest sounds of all kinds of insects and birds.

But it wasn't impossible to solve this problem. Lord Thunder quickly regained his senses. "How about this, senior... I'll have Brother Ling burn a recording booth for you later!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 425 General Yi's Junior Brother


Wang Ling thought that burning a recording booth would be a bit excessive... besides, the kind of recording booth that had solid soundproofing in fact cost a lot of money. Of course, money might not be an issue for Lord Thunder at all, but going so far as to burn a recording booth would definitely be a magnificent spectacle.

If they had to blame someone, it was Taoist Guang, since his typing speed was really too slow. Additionally, typing was something that took a while to improve; the only way was to become familiar with the position of the keys on the keyboard and practice typing as much as possible. Generally, people who were good at typing could basically do it without looking at the keyboard.

"Is there any other way?" Lord Thunder asked in the group.

Slow typing was a real weakness, and in the absence of voice function, an average of typing one word a minute was too tiring!

Wang Ling stared at the screen as he pondered. He had wondered earlier whether he should enchant a keyboard to send to Taoist Guang... Taoist Guang would only need to dictate what he wanted to type, and the keyboard would move by itself, even without him using the notebook's voice function.

Three minutes later, Taoist Guang replied, "Yes... wait..."

Wang Ling and Lord Thunder waited in silence with no idea what kind of method Taoist Guang was going to try out.

After about ten minutes, Taoist Guang finally replied, "Everyone, I'm ready!"

Lord Thunder didn't know if he was mistaken, but he felt that Taoist Guang's typing had sped up quite a bit.

Taoist Guang swiftly typed, "This old man is able to communicate normally now; Senior Ling and friend Thunder, please rest assured."

Both Wang Ling and Lord Thunder were very surprised.

Lord Thunder: "How did you do it, Senior Taoist Guang?"

"It's something I just came up with..." Taoist Guang replied. "My main spells are water-based. I don't want to brag, but my water spells have reached the peak of perfection."

Wang Ling nodded in front of the screen. This indeed wasn't a boast; creating such an island space and integrating his soul into the space was indeed something no ordinary person could have done. Moreover, it was very obvious that Taoist Guang had carefully designed this island space. The island was surrounded by the sea not just for the aesthetics, but also as a means of nourishing and stabilizing his soul.

Furthermore, to fix up such an island space, Taoist Guang's water spells had to at least be at peak grade eight, and Wang Ling surmised that it was extremely likely that he could cast ninth-grade water spells.

Although the main spells used by the majority of True Immortals were grade eight, it wasn't impossible for them to cast ninth-grade supreme spells.

Of course, given Taoist Guang's current situation as a soul, it would be very hard for him to cast eighth-grade spells. If he had been at peak strength, then it might have been possible.

Since they had come to this point, Taoist Guang was disinclined to keep them guessing and instead disclosed the reason to them. "Just now, I used a sixth-grade water spell, the 'aquatic beast form technique,' in the space."

Aquatic beast form technique?

Lord Thunder had the vague feeling that he had heard of this spell before. "May I ask, senior, is this a spell for turning yourself into an ocean spirit beast?"

"That's right." On the other side, Taoist Guang nodded and quickly typed, "But I seldom use it because the beast form is very ugly... I turned myself into a deep-sea spirit octopus earlier, and now I have almost a hundred tentacles to hit the keyboard with."

Lord Thunder: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

"Also, there's another huge flaw. After using this spell, I can type a lot faster, but the keyboard will get sticky. Do you have anything to clean it with? Burn some for me..."

Lord Thunder couldn't help laughing. "Senior, you can just wash it with water directly; this notebook model for the elderly which I bought is completely waterproof."

Taoist Guang nodded. "Oh, good! Then that's fine!"

Lord Thunder: "So, can we start now?"

"Of course, this old man already promised you," Taoist Guang replied with a laugh. "Then, let's start talking about the Immortal's Treasure House."

Staring at the screen, Wang Ling schooled his expression into something a little more serious.

"In fact, how I discovered the entrance to the Immortal's Treasure House is actually related to the Gate Between Worlds. The Gate Between Worlds is a world-defying magic weapon which was created by Immortal Zhenyuan, and after undergoing modifications twenty times, it goes without saying how tough it is. When news of the Immortal's Treasure House got out, countless cultivators searched for it all over the world, but back then and now, they found nothing.

"I also checked online a little earlier, and up to now, even in an advanced age which combines cultivation with science and technology, no one has been able to find the whereabouts of the Treasure House yet, let alone Immortal Zhenyuan's shadow... At that time, I was reflecting on whether Immortal Zhenyuan might have hidden the Immortal's Treasure House in the Gate Between Worlds."

When Taoist Guang said this, both Wang Ling and Lord Thunder were instantly riveted.

What Taoist Guang posited in fact wasn't impossible.

Because theoretically, the Immortal's Treasure House created by Immortal Zhenyuan was a great world that contained all the riches of his life, and such a great world would usually need to rely on world-defying magic treasures for support. To use an example, it was a bit like another magic treasure which Immortal Zhenyuan had invented, the Purple Gold Gourd.

The difference was that the Purple Gold Gourd was just a holy weapon, and the world inside it was also small.

Only divine magic treasures and world-defying magic treasures could accommodate a great world.

So here was the problem: from the beginning, the Purple Gold Gourd had been invented for its small world; it was originally a space storage magic treasure!

But the Gate Between Worlds invented by Immortal Zhenyuan obviously had a different function. Its role was to act more like a link to connect the human world to the demon world.

If you had to classify them, you could only put them in the category of magic weapons with space transfer systems, but one of them was for storage and the other was for transmission; they were too different!

It wasn't just Wang Ling who considered this issue; after Lord Thunder thought the same thing, he immediately made some conclusions and sorted out his thoughts before raising his doubts.

"In fact, this old man had also considered this issue back then. So after that, I spent a very long time traveling around the Gate Between Worlds as I wondered if Immortal Zhenyuan might have set up this great world, the Immortal's Treasure House, as a secret territory in some corner of the demon world."

As he typed, Taoist Guang recalled the past in his mind. "Unfortunately, however, as I trudged through the demon world, I didn't find any clues to the Immortal's Treasure House... until I met someone just as I was about to depart from the Gate Between Worlds."

"Who was it?" Lord Thunder asked.

"You may not know this man, but you would definitely be familiar with his senior brother," Taoist Guang typed. "His senior brother is one of the Ten Founding Generals of Huaxiu nation, General Yi."

"General Yi has a junior brother?"

"Mm."

Taoist Guang nodded. "In today's cultivation world, this person is known as 'Ten-Meter Sword God,' the Evil Sword God, Chen Nanxuan."





Chapter 426 Ten-Meter Sword God Chen Nanxuan


Chen Nanxuan's name really sounded too strange. People virtually called each other by their Taoist names in the current cultivation circle, thus overlooking real names. Chen Nanxuan was a typical example... Lord Thunder didn't recognize this name, but when it came to the titles "Ten-Meter Sword God" and "Evil Sword God," he understood instantly.

It was actually him?

In front of the screen, Lord Thunder had a stunned expression on his face.

This was because Evil Sword God was a more terrifying figure than the old devil in history. Any incident related to him horrified the people who heard it; it was just that he hadn't created the same kind of violent waves that the old devil had.

When the old devil had led the Gua Pi Army in an invasion of the National Palace back then, media exaggeration had turned it into a large terrorist attack, and thanks to modern cultivation technology, the entire country had access to these media reports. As for "Evil Sword God" this title, no one in the modern era had much of an impression of it.

During Evil Sword God's time, the development of spirit energy information had only just began, so things actually hadn't been perfect, and relying purely on the power of paper media to disseminate news had clearly been far from enough.

Even when Lord Thunder had first come across information on Evil Sword God, it had been when he was flipping through the old newspapers archive in Songhai Cultivation Library. At that time, he had been investigating other incidents and had just happened to read an old newspaper article on Evil Sword God.

Lord Thunder clearly remembered that the newspaper had published a description of three of Evil Sword God's crimes at the time.

First, the hostage case.

When the first incident happened, Evil Sword God had still been on the side of "justice," but the media had explicitly added quotation marks to "justice." This was because it was Evil Sword God's own brand of "justice," and the hostage case that shocked the cultivation circle at the time amply demonstrated this.

At that time, Huaxiu nation had just been founded, and comprehensive domestic security measures had yet to be fully established. There still were some cultivators who broke the law. Back then, a group of people had robbed a bank and taken all the people in the bank hostage. Sword in hand, Evil Sword God had charged in alone, killing all the robbers... as well as wiping out all the hostages involved.

Evil Sword God believed that the timid weren't qualified to live...

...

Second, the murder of his shifu .

This report had baffled Lord Thunder because back then, there hadn't been any details on it in the newspaper and it had occupied the least amount of space.

However, combined with the clues provided by Taoist Guang, Lord Thunder suddenly understood... Because the person Evil Sword God had murdered wasn't just his shifu , but also General Yi's shifu . News like this which involved the distinguished military founders of the nation would certainly be restricted!

Lord Thunder hadn't understood it at that time, but after connecting the dots, it was completely clear to him!

...

And third, the case of revenge...

After the first two major events, Evil Sword God's reputation in the cultivation circle plummeted. Under the rule of law, modern society became less and less accepting of the use of this type of method, which was almost tyranny. Enraged, Evil Sword God Chen Nanxuan was determined to take revenge... That night, he killed all the media personnel who had exposed his exploits, and then, in an atmosphere of national fear, vanished without a trace.

...

Lord Thunder gave an account of this history in the three-person chat group. It was, however, banned history; anything to do with Evil Sword God couldn't be found online at all: it was either a 404 error or not accessible. A lot of information and content had been blocked... When all was said and done, all these events had happened two or three thousand years ago when Huaxiu had just been founded.

The most important thing, moreover, was that it involved General Yi, so naturally, no media outlets were gutsy enough to treat General Yi, one of the Ten Founding Generals, as entertainment news hype.

Hearing about Evil Sword God again after a thousand years, Lord Thunder's heart was rocked for a long time as he was shaken to the core.

"Is Evil Sword God still alive?" His heart trembled as he typed the words. As Great Death-Courting Senior in the cultivation circle, he already thought that he had nothing else to fear, whether it was power or threat. The reason why people in the cultivation circle looked up to him was because he wasn't afraid of power and had an outspoken character.

However, speaking of Evil Sword God, Lord Thunder found that his body couldn't stop shivering... After inadvertently reading the news about Evil Sword God back then, he had been curious and had found video recordings of Evil Sword God's battles through minor channels. Even though these videos had been censored, they were to this day still vivid in Lord Thunder's mind.

After the murder of his shifu , Evil Sword God was the first person to be classified as a wanted criminal by Huaxiu nation, and a Heavenly Way Hunt and Kill order was officially put out on him. Countless Soul Formation experts went after him, but they were all easily beheaded and their skulls sent to the National Palace.

Any astute person would know that this was a provocative act of contempt, but in the face of absolute strength, the horror which Evil Sword God instilled in people was too overwhelming.

Taoist Guang understood Lord Thunder's feelings very well. He was older than Lord Thunder and naturally understood the terror of that "dark era."

He was from that era, and after those dark and terrible things happened, its widespread impact lasted for more than a hundred years... It wasn't until Wang Ling's era that this history, covered in dust, gradually faded from public view.

Now with this old topic raised once more, even Taoist Guang's heart was still unsettled. "During the century after Evil Sword God Chen Nanxuan faded from public view, no one could find him, no matter how many cultivators Huaxiu dispatched in its search. But I came face-to-face with him in the Gate Between Worlds..."

"In the end, what happened?" Lord Thunder was curious.

Taoist Guang shook his head and sighed. "I ran into him at a space exit and fought him, but in the end I was defeated and fled..."

"How could that be..." Lord Thunder found this hard to believe.

"I attacked him fiercely with eighth-grade water spells, but he raised a protective barrier and blocked my attacks easily without moving an inch!"

As he typed this sentence, Taoist Guang's heart trembled. "Furthermore, his sword isn't an ordinary one - it's the Heaven-Cleaving Sword which he seized from his shifu , Sword Immortal Fan Rui! This is the godly sword which tops the spirit sword power rankings today!"

When he saw Taoist Guang's words on the screen, Wang Ling involuntarily looked at Jingke...

But Taoist Guang wasn't finished. "What's more, when I was fighting him, I could already feel that this person had already grasped Sword Dao, one of the Three Thousand Great Spells... Although it wasn't complete at the time, its power was already so frightening!"

Lord Thunder was extremely astonished. "The Three Thousand Great Spells?!"

"That's right... the Three Thousand Great Spells!" Taoist Guang said. "At True Immortal level, If you can master one spell, it's already enough to make you stand out in the world. If you can master two or even three spells... Most likely only a legendary existence like Immortal Zhenyuan can do it... There is absolutely no one in this world who can completely master the Three Thousand Great Spells!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 427 Clues to the Immortal's Treasure House


Wang Ling felt that there was probably no one in the world who understood the Three Thousand Great Spells more thoroughly than he did. Since birth, memories of the Three Thousand Great Spells had started to assemble themselves together in his mind like a jigsaw puzzle as he started to get older. When he turned five years old, the preliminary domain of the Three Thousand Great Spells had already taken shape and was sixty percent complete.

By the time he was ten years old, the Three Thousand Great Spells "memory jigsaw" was already complete and was like an inherent and old memory slowly coming back to life with age.

The Three Thousand Great Spells weren't about technical skills; they were rules about the truth of all things and were called nomological powers in the cultivation world.

In fact, the way of Tao that Taoist Guang had talked of pursuing and the understanding of the way of Tao that Lord Thunder had spoken about was actually part of the Three Thousand Great Spells. However, even a True Immortal wouldn't be able to grasp a nomological power so easily.

Taoist Guang couldn't help sighing in his heart as he waved over a hundred tentacles and typed: "If only this old man had been able to master one of the nomological powers of the Three Thousand Great Spells back then - how good would that have been? Then I wouldn't need to rely on some long-winded way of getting through the Samsara Spirit Tribulation... I could have chosen to temper myself!" When he said this, Taoist Guang couldn't help patting his thigh. What a pity - he had been so stupid!

Even Lord Thunder couldn't help laughing as he typed: "That's why I've always thought that comprehending the way of Tao is by luck and not design. However, it's not too late for you, Senior Taoist Guang. There are so many great seniors in Brother Ling's family... I often gain new inspiration at his place. Now you are in Brother Ling's ring, and you'll be able to come out occasionally once it's fully charged with spirit power. If you spend just five minutes feeling and learning as much as possible, you might experience a breakthrough!"

Taoist Guang was emotionally moved, as if he had met his soulmate. He wiped at his tears as he typed: "Don't call me senior! From now on, you and I are brothers!"

Lord Thunder sent an emoji with a teary smile. "Then what should I call you? Brother Guang? Ah Guang?"

"Just call me Brother Guang! No need to be polite! I'll call you Brother Thunder!" Taoist Guang replied.

The corners of Wang Ling's lips couldn't help twitching as he looked at the screen. "..." They were becoming friendly too fast!

In fact, sometimes Wang Ling really envied Lord Thunder's ability to communicate.

Although Lord Thunder was known in the circle as "Great Death-Courting Senior," there was no one who didn't know that "Great Death-Courting Senior" was a famous social butterfly in the cultivation circle... without these relationships in the circle, there was no way he would be able to run such a huge cultivation forum, which relied mainly on discussing gossip and ridiculing scandals to remain open all year round.

Lord Thunder: "When Brother Ling burns something for you next time, I'll have him burn you some broccoli, Brother Guang! This broccoli was grown by Great Senior Wang! I gaze at it everyday for ten minutes, and I feel that I gain a lot from it! You might find it helpful for comprehending the way of Tao!"

Taoist Guang: "Is that right? Then I'll have to trouble Brother Thunder to burn it for me so that I can examine it!"

When Wang Ling saw this, he couldn't help sending an ellipsis: "..."

Lord Thunder realized that he had gotten a little off-track, so he quickly came back to the subject at hand. " Cough ... Brother Guang, we can discuss this in private later; right now, Evil Sword God is more important. Can you tell us more about what happened after you encountered Evil Sword God?"

"Mm, of course."

Taoist Guang nodded and quickly replied, "When I fought Evil Sword God back then, even before I had launched two strikes, I already knew what the outcome would be. This man's evil nature is even more horrifying than what the rumors say. A ball of sword qi created through Sword Dao coalesced around his entire body, and I couldn't get near to him at all...

"I could only use long-range spells, and I fled while casting obstruction spells. If my water spells hadn't been of a profound level, it's very likely I would have long been hacked to death by his Heaven-Cleaving Sword! Now that I think about it, that truly was a disgrace! This old man had cultivated to True Immortal level, and never before had my situation in battle become desperate enough for me to rely on a water clone to escape..."

For Taoist Guang, this was the most humiliating confrontation of his life. "But now that I think about it carefully, it seemed like he wasn't in the mood to fight me, but instead was looking for something... he only sent a clone to hunt me down."

Lord Thunder: "And then?"

"Later, I deliberately faked my death at his clone's hand to try and divert his attention... Although Evil Sword God is strong, he tried to have this old man killed with just one clone; this just proves that this person is as arrogant and self-important as the rumors say."

Taoist Guang typed: "After the success of my fake death cover-up, I didn't dare act rashly, and I sent out several water clones to search for him at the previous location. When I found him again, he was entering an opening that had just been set up."

"He left the Gate Between Worlds?"

Everyone knew that there was a five-year restriction on the Gate Between Worlds in the outside world; if it was summoned through a magic array instead of descending on its own, there was a five-year cooldown period before it could be summoned again.

If you wanted to leave the Gate Between Worlds, apart from seizing the moment the Gate Between Worlds opened to leave, another way was to look for the small space openings hidden inside the Gate Between Worlds. As long as you could find these small space breaches, they could spit you out into the outside world.

However, Taoist Guang shook his head. "No... he didn't leave..."

He typed: "The Gate Between Worlds has a lot of small openings that can spit people out. This was probably a deliberate design on Immortal Zhenyuan's part. It might appear that there's no order to them, but in fact there's a regular look about them. During those years when I was traveling around the demon world, I chanced upon more than a hundred of them... The opening that Evil Sword God went into was obviously different from the others.

"After Evil Sword God stepped through the opening, the water clones I sent saw it rapidly start to disappear before their eyes... After that, although I successfully entered the opening, I was completely unable to withstand the force of the space being torn apart by solely relying on the strength of the water clones. Not long after that, they turned into a heap of bubbles..."

Lord Thunder: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Taoist Guang: "But before they turned into bubbles, I saw with my own eyes Evil Sword God step into another space..."

Lord Thunder: "Another space?"

Taoist Guang nodded. "That's right! If the Gate Between Worlds is regarded as the transmission link between the human world and the demon world, then in the middle of this link, there is also a space entrance no one knows about - if my guess is correct, that space is precisely the entrance to the Immortal's Treasure House!

"But it was very clear that the space opening which Evil Sword God stepped into isn't something that can be activated at will, but will only open after certain special conditions are met. I call this special space cavern the entrance to the Otherworld."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 428 Ling Zhenren Teaches You How to Deal with Sword Qi!


After Taoist Guang finished relating his experience in the group, the three people fell into a long silence. To be honest, Taoist Guang had been reluctant to bring up this past experience because it was too humiliating. He and Evil Sword God were both at True Immortal level, but just because he lacked a nomological power, the disparity between them was so large. It was a situation that Taoist Guang had never before expected to happen.

Thus, ever since then, he had worked hard and aimed high as he thought up all kinds of ways to get through the Samsara Spirit Tribulation safely - as long as he broke through to Venerated Immortal level, he felt that he would be strong enough then! He had also heard that once you stepped into the Venerated Immortal realm, you would be able to master two or three nomological powers at least... If he had all this, wouldn't he be able to stamp on a mere Evil Sword God casually?

But Taoist Guang had never thought that he would dig a hole for himself in the end... His corporeal body had already been burned, and in his current state, there was no possibility of him returning to the height of his power unless his flesh could be restored or if he continued in this vein toward experiencing the Samsara Spirit Tribulation.

"That's all I know about the Immortal's Treasure House. I don't know whether Evil Sword God found the Immortal's Treasure House in the end after passing through the entrance to the Otherworld. But if you think about it, this Immortal's Treasure House is probably far from easily found," Taoist Guang typed.

Lord Thunder: "What Brother Guang says is correct. It's been so long since your battle with Evil Sword God, and there still hasn't been any news about him in the last several hundred years. That's enough to prove that Evil Sword God is either still exploring the Immortal's Treasure House or doing something else in the Gate Between Worlds."

Taoist Guang nodded. "Then I'll leave the rest to Brother Thunder and Senior Ling."

Lord Thunder: "Rest assured, Brother Guang, Brother Ling and I will definitely find a way to restore your body and return you to the height of your power."

Taoist Guang laughed. "No rush, no rush. This old man has already waited for so many years, a bit longer won't make a difference... Besides, didn't you burn me this notebook?"

Lord Thunder: "If Brother Guang finds it too boring, you can watch live streams on live streaming sites online, or download a game to play... Do you know 'eat chicken'? I can send you an account invite!"

Taoist Guang felt like he had opened a door to a whole new world. "Eat chicken? What's that?"

Lord Thunder: "It's just a common name for a game, but it would be difficult for me to explain it clearly in a short amount of time. Later I'll put together a file and an account which I will send to you. Brother Guang, you can pass the time with this game. Also, if someone asks you if you want cheats, on no account should you buy them. Yesterday, a game live streamer with the nickname Baboon was blacklisted by the broadcast program 'FocusReport' 1 !"

1(This refers to pro gamer Lu Benwei, who used cheats during a PUBG live stream and lashed back at criticism, causing him to be blacklisted ..) Taoist Guang: "Mm, understood, understood..."

Speaking up to this point, Taoist Guang patted himself on the head and suddenly typed: "Just a moment, both of you, I still have one more thing. Please accept this, Senior Ling, it will definitely help you in your search for the Immortal's Treasure House!"

Wang Ling sent a question mark: "?"

It was as concise as ever, without a word more.

Soon, he saw the Soul-Suppression Ring on his hand tremble slightly, and a ball of spirit light surged forth: it was a gourd wrapped pretty tightly in Dao talisman seals; there were fully four thick layers of True Immortal seals!

In the three-person chat, Taoist Guang said, "This is the sword qi that was left on my Taoist robe after Evil Sword God used his clone to kill me... The sword qi was so demonic that after I took my robe off, I placed it in a third-grade holy weapon gourd, but it was useless! It was only after I added four thick layers of seals that this demonic qi was suppressed!"

Holding the gourd, Wang Ling sunk into deep thought; he wanted to see how strong this demonic qi was.

Wang Ling turned on the video function on his wristwatch, and on the other two ends of the three-person chat group, Lord Thunder and Taoist Guang immediately received the video feed.

In a familiar room, Wang Ling sat upright on his bed as he casually tore open the seals as if they were gauze...

In the group, Lord Thunder couldn't help asking, "Brother Guang, are you sure these are True Immortal seals?"

Taoist Guang was sweating. "Yes..."

Lord Thunder: "Why do they seem fake?"

Taoist Guang was tongue-tied: "..." How would he know?!

There was a procedure to removing seals! From what Taoist Guang knew of the cultivation world, the four True Immortal seals should be dissolved layer by layer... This was the first time he had seen this rough method of tearing them off like the tape on a delivery package...

However, Taoist Guang felt that this also indirectly verified his suspicions about Wang Ling's strength.

To be able to tear off Taoist Guang's True Immortal seals so easily, Senior Ling had to be a Venerated Immortal. It was also likely that he had two or three nomological powers, hence why he could deal with the seals so easily.

Wang Ling didn't speak in front of the camera. After tearing off the True Immortal seals, he pulled out the cork and turned the gourd upside down. A dark blue Taoist robe with black demonic qi lingering on it very quickly emerged in front of Wang Ling.

Just as Taoist Guang had said, the dark blue Taoist robe was already heavily damaged; it had dozens of tears from when it had been struck by sword qi, and each strike had been a deadly wound.

Of course, these tears weren't the point; the real point was the black demonic qi which emanated from each one of them.

Wang Ling could sense the "Great Sword Dao Spell," one of the Three Thousand Great Spells, in the power of this black demonic qi... but it was very clear that this wasn't the purest form of its use, and the person who cast it was a complete novice.

Wang Ling didn't know how this Evil Sword God had mastered this nomological power, but since the other party had grasped it, then compared with his previous opponents, he should pay a little more attention to this one.

Furthermore, it had already been a long time since that clash between Taoist Guang and Evil Sword God; Wang Ling was suddenly a little curious to know to what extent Evil Sword God had perfected this Sword Dao nomological power over the last several hundred years.

While Wang Ling was thinking with his chin in his hand, the black demonic sword qi dispersed over the dark blue Taoist robe unexpectedly gathered together at that moment!

"Brother Ling, be careful!"

"Senior Ling, watch out!"

Taoist Guang and Lord Thunder also saw this scene at the same time and wanted to warn Wang Ling, but it was already too late.

The black sword qi combined together extremely swiftly, and like a viper lurking in the dark suddenly baring fangs full of poison, it struck like a black ribbon!

Directly at Wang Ling's heart!

This sword qi was nothing like the usual ones; it carried the nomological power of the Great Sword Dao Spell. Although Evil Sword God had yet to completely grasp it back then, the sword qi created with the swing of his sword actually had some spiritual intelligence, and knew to attack as soon as it gathered together...

Wang Ling turned his head. "???"

On the bed, Jingke had already reacted at this moment.

However, Wang Ling was faster.

He swiftly grabbed Three Years of College Exams and Five Years of Simulationsfrom his desk, rolled it up, and with a loud thud, smacked and broke up this demonic sword qi...

Taoist Guang: "???"

Lord Thunder: "???"





Chapter 429 A New Internet Celebrity in the Live Streaming Industry


Seeing Wang Ling brandish the Three Years of College Exams and Five Years of Simulations cudgel, Lord Thunder thought of a song lyric: This cudgel... will wipe you out completely 1 ...

1(From 'Wukong,' a song by Dai Quan for the Monkey King series.) And indeed, it was true...

This scene was really too astonishing, and Taoist Guang was immediately dumbstruck in front of the screen for a long time.

This Way of the Sword qi from Evil Sword God was so difficult to deal with! Who knew that Wang Ling was able to directly break it up like he was swatting a fly...

After coming back to his senses, the expression on Taoist Guang's face was very complicated; there was some amazement and horror mixed into it, as well as the urge to laugh.

Taoist Guang: "Senior Ling... may I ask, what type of operation is this?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Compared with Taoist Guang, Lord Thunder had the air of someone who had experienced a lot and his expression was completely unruffled. "Brother Guang, it's nothing to be surprised about, you just need to get used to it." After seeing Wang Ling use the microwave to refine weapons in a series of godly operations, the young man in white was naturally no longer perturbed at seeing other amazing operations.

He was unable to guess how strong Wang Ling was, but in any case, in his heart, Wang Ling wasn't just a brother, but also a marvel.

In the past, the young man in white had always thought that the gap between him and Wang Ling was just a difference in strength... But looking at it now, he felt that he was severely lacking in every aspect.

Thinking this, he emotionally typed a series of heartfelt words into the three-person group: "Sure enough, knowledge is power."

Taoist Guang: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

Wang Ling spent a sleepless night thinking about many things.

He felt that although Taoist Guang's hypothesis did make sense, it was just a hypothesis after all.

As for whether there were any other entrances hidden in the transmission link, in the Gate Between Worlds which connected the human world and the demon world, he felt that this was something he needed to verify himself.

He would definitely check out the Immortal's Treasure House. In his current to-do list, investigating the Immortal's Treasure House was only second to the upcoming midterm exams.

However, he couldn't be hasty. He needed to consider the matter at some length. Moreover, he wasn't placing all his hopes of restraining his power on this Immortal's Treasure House. It was true that it held a lot of Immortal Zhenyuan's treasures, but whether it had a magic treasure that could help him control his power was another matter.

If it was possible, Wang Ling hoped that one day, he would find a way to curb his power without the help of any magic treasure, or that his power didn't need to be controlled; the best would be if he could get used to his power... But as things currently stood, this was just wishful thinking.

Wang Ling got up very early in the morning, packed Taoist Guang's tattered Taoist robe, and had Sheep help deliver it to Lord Thunder's place.

The demonic Way of the Sword qi that had suffused this tattered robe had been completely eliminated, but there were still traces of a sword aura attached to it. This was the normal sword qi left behind by the Heaven-Cleaving Sword. Actually, a lot of it had already dissipated, but Wang Ling could still sense it.

After the conversation in the three-person chat group yesterday, Wang Ling and Lord Thunder had had a private discussion about whether they could use modern space assessment technology on the minute traces of sword aura left behind on the tattered robe and follow it back to the location of the Heaven-Cleaving Sword.

In theory, Wang Ling thought that it was possible.

But assessing it would have to be left to Wang Ming to handle.

But it happened to be a Monday, and Wang Ling had to attend class, so after Sheep left to deliver the robe to Lord Thunder, it would be the latter who would have to run errands for the rest of the assessment work.

If Evil Sword God was still in that "Otherworld" right now, as long as they could trace the Heaven-Cleaving Sword, they would be able to follow it back to the Otherworld where Evil Sword God was.

Even if this Otherworld didn't exist, Wang Ling felt that finding Evil Sword God in the flesh was also pretty good.

...

It was July 10th on Monday in the twelfth week of the semester.

Wang Ling got to the classroom as usual, and the noise inside was led by Chen Chao and Guo Hao as always.

He was a little stunned to find these two guys actually watching live streams on their phones.

This was the critical juncture before the midterm exams, and students simply didn't bring their smart devices like cell phones and watches to school, or would turn them off in school. Otherwise, if they were discovered, their devices would be confiscated at best, or at worst, parents would be called in; Teacher Pan had never hesitated in this respect.

Nevertheless, there were always one or two people in each class who would ignore this warning, and the "Two Heng-Ha Generals2" in Grade One, Class Three were precisely Chen Chao and Guo Hao.

2(Two characters in the classical Chinese fantasy novel 'Fengshen Yanyi.' One is called Zheng Lun, who could defeat enemies by snorting (heng 哼) and the other one is named Chen Qi, who could capture enemies by breathing out (ha 哈) yellow gas.) To be honest, these two actually didn't have bad scores, which were above average... However, their usual style of learning was based on the principle of "being cheeky whenever possible," which was a real headache for Teacher Pan.

When they saw a shadow flash at the classroom door, Guo Hao and Chen Chao were so scared that they almost dropped their phones.

"Oh my god! It's you, Wang Ling! You almost scared me to death! I thought it was Old Pan!" Guo Hao yelled.

Wang Ling: "..."

Standing next to them after collecting homework from the first row, Su Xiao's face was full of helplessness. "You two should be a little more careful. Teacher Pan will be coming to school early these two weeks... I also heard that teachers have been patrolling outside the classrooms recently!"

"It's fine, it's fine! You need to be cheeky if you want to succeed 3 !" Guo Hao waved his hand airily.

3(Adapted from the phrase 'You need to take risks if you want to succeed.') Wang Ling: "..."

Su Xiao: "Anyway, what are you looking at? You're so energetic so early in the morning..."

Guo Hao: "An old man's live stream! He started streaming on the cultivation live streaming platform at ten o'clock last night. His ID's Lord Island, and it's very interesting!"

Su Xiao: "What's it about?"

Chen Chao answered, "Survival on a deserted island! Furthermore, the deserted island Lord Island is on right now is overseas, and since he started streaming last night, it's still daylight! It's surrounded by the sea and in the live stream you can hear the sound of the waves."

"..." Wang Ling somehow felt that Chen Chao's description sounded familiar.

He quietly came closer to give the screen a look... and saw Taoist Guang interacting with the audience, his face as cheerful as an open peach blossom!

"..." Wang Ling dropped his forehead into his hand as he felt his head ache.

At that time, Guo Hao added, "When I was surfing online yesterday, I found Lord Island opening a coconut; he only had a few hundred fans then."

Su Xiao asked casually, "What about now?"

Guo Hao: "It's already over a million..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Su Xiao was also surprised. "What the hell?!"

Chen Chao: "Also, Lord Island used the island's mineral resources just now to forge a big pot with a fire spell."

Guo Hao turned up the volume on his phone and turned the screen to the onlookers around him, and Wang Ling saw countless "666 4 " scroll across the screen.

4(A reminder that in Chinese, this buzzword means "super awesome .. ") The sound of the waves was very loud. Although the voice function on Taoist Guang's notebook for the elderly wasn't able to pick up words in such a noisy environment, when the live stream was combined with a sound amplification spell, the live stream audience could still pick out Taoist Guang's voice.

At that very moment, Taoist Guang was standing in the iron pot, which was filled with seawater...

He looked at the notebook's webcam and shouted exuberantly to his million viewers, "Friends, give me 666! Next, Lord Island will bring you the latest talent demonstration... Stewing myself! In an iron pot!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 430 Light Chaser


Live streaming was in fact currently a flourishing industry in the cultivation world, with various types of live streams popping up like mushrooms. In any industry, however, while there were so many people doing the same thing, there were very few that could truly do a good job; some small live streamers could only drum up a pitiful several thousand fans even after more than half a year since they started.

Wang Ling calculated the time. It had probably been around nine o'clock when they'd finished discussing things in the three-person group chat... Then, in less than an hour after that, Taoist Guang had come across "live streaming" as a fresh source of entertainment for him.

Actually, Wang Ling understood Taoist Guang; after all, he had been alone in the soul space for so long, from when he had been full of ambition in the beginning as he looked forward to finding the predestined person who would get him through the Samsara Spirit Tribulation, to seeing through everything and wanting to obtain a corporeal body and free himself. Frankly speaking, loneliness was to be blamed.

Interaction through live streaming was actually a good way of alleviating that loneliness.

When Taoist Guang had first encountered live streaming, he had initially planned to look for other people to open one together. However, in less than twelve hours, his live stream audience numbers had broken the one million mark, which was something that a lot of live streamers could barely imagine... Wang Ling didn't know if Taoist Guang had any concept of live streaming popularity, but in a sense, he had already created history this year.

The number of people in the live stream room continued to grow, and simply skyrocketed at a visible rate.

Usually, when the number of people reached a certain level, such as one hundred thousand or two hundred thousand, the live stream would continue to go viral at a rapid rate in line with the increase in viewers.

Furthermore, the ID "Lord Island" which Taoist Guang had registered with on the cultivation live streaming platform was a new ID that had never appeared on the platform before.

The ID registration date was public, and in the beginning, a lot of people mistakenly believed that some big live streamer was using a registered side account to spoof fans in collusion with the live streaming website. But when they clicked on it, they realized that this wasn't the case. That was because it was an outdoor live stream, and most importantly, the person in the live stream was an old man in white with bare feet who looked a little like a transcendent being...

"We are witnessing the birth of a legendary live streamer!" Chen Chao and Guo Hao were excitedly following the live stream room's rapid climb in popularity.

"There hasn't been any sort of phenomenal live streamer this year - who would have thought that this Lord Island would actually become so popular so late in his life..." Su Xiao was so amazed that he even forgot to collect homework.

It had still been a million users in the live stream just now, but after their short exchange of words, it was already over one and a half million! Too terrifying!

Audience numbers continued to increase, and the bullet messages were particularly terrifying. If there wasn't a limit on the number of bullet messages that could be sent, it would have already become an ocean of bullet messages, drowning the entire live stream room...

From 666 and 233 1 in the beginning to the increasing number of fancy bullet messages now, after the start of Lord Island's "stewing myself in an iron pot" performance, it was complete pandemonium on the screen.

1('233' means 'hilarious.') "Stew himself in an iron pot, win millions of people! Lord Island is awesome!"

"Almighty bullet messages! Does anyone know which island the live streamer is on now?"

"Lord Island has the air of a transcendent being, he must be a master!"

"Begging for Lord Island's Taoist name!"

A lot of people who had purely thought it was interesting at the beginning were now fanatically following Lord Island's live stream room as they started to pay real attention to the old man's identity.

Standing in the pot, Taoist Guang saw more and more questions on the screen. Naturally, he wasn't stupid; there was no way he would give out his true Taoist name, "Taoist Guang." He hadn't even completed the real name authentication for his account, so the live stream room couldn't give him large gifts; each user ID could only gift him a maximum of ten HNY a day, and there were some rich fans in the bullet messages who couldn't tolerate it. Since the beginning, however, all Taoist Guang had wanted to do was purely have fun.

"Don't panic, everyone, let me set up a fan tag 2 . If you are interested in this old man, then get a fan tag!"

2(These are like 'titles' that viewers can buy to identify themselves as fans of a particular live streamer.) Inside the pot, Taoist Guang stretched out his hand and very quickly set up a fan tag with two words: Light Chaser 3 ...

3('Guang' is the Chinese word for 'light.') "I can't take it anymore! Gift!" This was from Guo Hao. After seeing Lord Island put out a fan tag, he instantly chose to give a gift of ten HNY to get one.

One HNY was equivalent to one hundred fan points, so ten HNY was equal to one thousand fan points... This was the minimum requirement to receive a fan tag.

Initially, the limit on gift-giving was a measure put in place by live streaming platforms to encourage live streamers to authenticate their real names. This was because the live streaming platforms had background systems that could connect to the Ministry of Public Security's background data to allow them to find out whether live streamers had criminal records or not.

For those who didn't have clean records, the live streaming platforms would usually refuse to sign them on, like the live streamer who had been banned just a few days ago, Baboon...

But for live streamers who were doing it purely for fun and didn't care about profit at all, the existence of this "gift restriction" mechanism meant nothing to them. Perhaps even the platform itself never expected that a new live streamer called "Lord Island" would blow up overnight.

Ten HNY was peanuts, but audience numbers were massive!

Ten HNY per person was a considerable profit for the platform...

Less than ten minutes after Taoist Guang had set up the fan tag, hundreds of thousands of people had already given him gifts and become "Light Chasers"...

Chen Chao couldn't resist taking out his phone to give him a gift. "I'm going to be a Light Chaser too!"

Wang Ling: "..."

At this time, Wang Ling saw that the screen was already covered with various bullet messages reflecting this "Light Chaser" fan tag: "The Iron Pot of Light,""Refining Weapons of Light,""Survival of Light" and so on...

Su Xiao tsked. "I say, exactly what kind of person do you think this Lord Island is?"

"Lord Island has a mysterious identity; I think he might be a Soul Formation cultivator..." Chen Chao guessed.

Su Xiao tsked again. "Are all Soul Formation seniors nowadays into pursuing self-entertainment that much? Shouldn't they be like General Yi, and go water their flowers in their spare time? Besides, General Yi is a legendary True Immortal!"

Chen Chao laughed. "Do you think everyone's realms are as high as General Yi's? If you truly become a True Immortal and are able to appreciate the nuances of being one with nature... there is no way you would feel lonely! Anyway, I think this Lord Island is very interesting!"

Wang Ling: "..."

At that moment, Guo Hao suddenly swore. "Lord Island said that he's going to eat chicken on the live stream at noon today!"

Chen Chao: "Eating Chicken of Light?!"

Guo Hao: "It's Time Chicken 4 !"

4('Guang' is also used in the word for time, 'shi guang .. ' Time Chicken is a cartoon chicken from the comic series 'One Hundred Thousand Bad Jokes,' which parodies classic stories) Wang Ling: "..."

Su Xiao: "..."





Chapter 431 Happy Barbeque Festival, Everyone!0


0(Refers to being single during Chinese romantic festivals like Qixi.) It was a little late after school today because the people who had been watching Taoist Guang's live stream with Guo Hao in the morning had all gotten detention. Not only that, they had gotten the whole class into trouble. Because of the main instigators Chen Chao and Guo Hao, these two cheek gods who advocated that "being cheeky is good for your health," Teacher Pan had held an hour-long meeting after school to castigate them.

Only one person had been exempted by Teacher Pan and let off early, and that was Sun Rong...

The students in class did actually understand that Teacher Pan couldn't afford to offend this Young Miss at all... What Wang Ling found most impressive was how Teacher Pan's smiling face as she sent Sun Rong off instantly changed when she returned to the classroom - she flipped faces faster than flipping through a book.

Moreover, Teacher Pan even specially explained why she had let Sun Rong leave. "Student Sun Rong always gets good grades, is sensible and never makes trouble! Her parents personally gave me a phone call to explain the situation. Otherwise, I wouldn't have let her off so easily, even if it was Student Sun Rong! Am I, Pan Shengcong, the kind of person to bow and scrape to others?"

This time, Wang Ling heard everyone speak in unison in their hearts: YES!

...

The days were very long in July in Songhai city. Wang Ling left school close to half past six, but the sky was still bright and it wasn't even sunset yet.

He followed behind Chen Chao and Guo Hao, and could hear them grumbling as they walked.

Guo Hao: "This Old Pan didn't give us any face at all. In all of my sixteen years of school, she's definitely the worst teacher-in-charge I've ever seen! Now that she's taken our phones away, we might never get them back..."

Chen Chao laughed. "It's just over ninety marks in every subject, so what? I can do that."

Guo Hao's jaw dropped. "When did you become so motivated?"

Chen Chao: "Actually, after thinking about it, Old Pan does have her flaws, but her job isn't easy. She's taught so many elite classes but none of them have placed very well in the district ranking. People in and outside school badmouth her behind her back, but she doesn't care at all, and still persists in being the first person to arrive at school every morning."

When Chen Chao said this, Guo Hao was silent for a bit. Everything the other boy had said was the truth, and there could be no doubting Teacher Pan's professional dedication.

Chen Chao: "Also, think about it, during the Shuigou Sect incident, Old Pan was busy contacting parents the whole time, and for so many days, but she never complained. She might be too intense usually... but she also has her good points."

Guo Hao frowned slightly. "What you say does sound reasonable."

Behind them, Wang Ling was a little startled; he had completely never expected to suddenly hear the two "cheek gods" in class, who usually complained about Teacher Pan the most, actually discuss her merits.

Tch...

Maybe they had drunk fake wine or taken fake medicine...

Just as Wang Ling walked out of the school gates, he saw that Chen Chao had already arrived at the crossing up ahead. As if he had been jerked out of a nightmare, he was sweating profusely and gasping for breath. "Holy shit! Scared me to death!"

Guo Hao: "???"

Chen Chao: "When we left the teaching building just now, did you feel Old Pan's gaze focused on your back?"

Guo Hao: "No..."

Chen Chao spoke in a whisper, "People at the Golden Core stage have very sharp ears! But usually it's safe once you're outside the school..."

Guo Hao: "So what you said just now..."

Chen Chao rubbed his jaw. "Mm, it was to ease the conscience - half of it was true!"

Looking at them from a distance, Wang Ling then saw an elegant and beautiful lady with long hair and fair skin wearing high-heeled shoes who was standing next to them.

The corners of Wang Ling's lips twitched: "..." Wasn't this Teacher Pan's second form?

Because of school regulations, teachers weren't allowed to wear heavy makeup or take any youth-retaining medication; in school, Teacher Pan usually looked like a middle-aged auntie.

However, Wang Ling had seen this youthful form of hers before!

Back then, Teacher Pan had used this form when she had paid him a home visit! The memory was still fresh in Wang Ling's mind since the old man had made her a meal of "sweet and sour spare ribs."

But after more than half a semester in Senior Grade One... Wang Ling was still the only person to have ever seen her in this form.

...

Teacher Pan pretended not to recognize Chen Chao and Guo Hao as she stood next to them on the roadside while she secretly listened to their conversation.

Guo Hao: "No wonder you were praising Old Pan so excessively when we were inside the school, like you'd taken bad meds."

Chen Chao tsked as he hooked an arm over Guo Hao's shoulder. "You! We've been coming to school early in the morning everyday to swap and copy homework for so long, why hasn't your sense of vigilance increased? But maybe it's because my seat is closer to the door, so I'm usually more on guard..."

Guo Hao burst out laughing. "Tch, maybe you're just paranoid?"

Chen Chao: "To be honest, even now it feels like Old Pan is next to us."

Next to them, the corners of Teacher Pan's lips twitched. "..."

...

When Wang Ling got home, he found Sheep in especially high spirits today.

Sheep was dressed in a new set of clothes: it was a purplish black gothic dress which even came with a small lace parasol.

Today, Wang Ling had gotten Sheep to deliver that tattered Taoist robe to Lord Thunder. After that, the latter had directly taken her to Luo Chuang's shop for brush-up maintenance. The clothes Sheep wore in human form had a lot to do with the paint on her framework. The better the paint quality, the purer the color, and the prettier her human clothes would be.

As for that lace parasol, it was a freebie from Luo Chuang.

It was just that the material used seemed a little familiar to Wang Ling...

Back in his room, Wang Ling texted Lord Thunder to let him know that Sheep had already returned home, and in passing asked about progress on the space assessment.

About five or six minutes later, Lord Thunder replied, "Hahaha! Good that she's home! The space assessment is still in progress; activating the instrument takes time, and we need to investigate the data. Don't worry, Brother Ling, I'll keep an eye on it! By the way, Sheep should be very happy today, right? Luo Chuang specially made that white lace umbrella!"

Wang Ling couldn't help asking, "What's it made of?"

Lord Thunder: "The hair which Xiao Yin dropped at my place."

Wang Ling: "..."

Lord Thunder: "I heard that last time, Xiao Yin was played by Brother Er Ha, and the blow from getting its heart broken was especially heavy."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 432 Er Ha is Dreaming Again


This white lace umbrella had actually been made from Xiao Yin's holy beast hair...

Wang Ling broke out in a sweat. This could be considered making the fullest use of Xiao Yin's value; in the end, a holy beast's entire body was a treasure.

But it was plain to see that Luo Chuang hadn't put too much effort into making this white lace umbrella; from the beginning, he had regarded it as a decorative magic treasure while making it. But in spite of that, thanks to Xiao Yin's holy beast hair, this casually thrown together lace umbrella was still an eighth-class holy weapon...

If they had specially plucked Xiao Yin's hair to make this umbrella, then that would have been too much!

Wang Ling put his bag on the table and took out a thick pile of review materials. The moment he had approached the table, Pen and Eraser these two goblins had already appeared on each of Wang Ling's sides like a pair of door gods.

At this scene, Sheep very consciously left the room, holding the lace umbrella.

No one could interrupt Ling Zhenren when he was studying. This had already become the most important commandment for all the transformed goblins in the Wang family.

When Wang Ling pulled his chair out, he discovered Er Ha lying under the table; it had nodded off while playing on its phone.

He glanced at the screen and found that it had actually been watching Taoist Guang's live stream. At this point in time, however, the live stream room was already dark, which indicated that Taoist Guang had already gone offline.

Wang Ling looked at the number of Taoist Guang's live stream room subscribers.

In one short day, Taoist Guang's live stream ID "Lord Island" already had eight hundred thousand fans, and the number was still rising.

Even though the live stream room was dark, these eight hundred thousand "Light Chasers" were still cheerfully discussing the content of Lord Island's live stream today in the room.

Wang Ling had heard of the game 'eating chicken' but had never played it. But he had personally taken part in real-life 'eating chicken' during the military training for six schools previously. Logically speaking, Taoist Guang's performance when playing this type of online game for the first time definitely wouldn't be great, but from the bullet messages that flew across the screen during the live stream, it seemed that the audience was very satisfied with it.

Wang Ling's lips twitched; in light of the increasing number of fans...

He felt that what Taoist Guang had mentioned before about setting up nine thousand nine hundred and eighty one statues plus recruiting ninety-nine thousand nine hundred and eight one disciples as the task quota for the Samsara Spirit Tribulation didn't seem difficult... On the first day alone, eight hundred thousand people had already become "Light Chasers"!

It was just that creating statues would be slightly more complicated...

But if Taoist Guang could win the support of a group of faithful diehard fans, nothing was impossible.

Sitting at his desk, Wang Ling very curiously opened his chat app. There were no new messages in the three-person chat group, but Taoist Guang had sent him a string of private messages. The earliest one had been sent after ten o'clock last night.

Wang Ling remembered that he had still been thinking about things at the time and hadn't seen the message at all. He seldom received private messages, and it took a very long time for him to notice them unless someone @'ed him or used the "vibrate" function.

Of course, there were two exceptions: one was Lord Thunder and the other was Wang Ming; they were both in Wang Ling's "Special Attention" list.

[Messages received at 10:03 last night]

The first one: Senior Ling! I've opened a live stream, remember to cheer me on when you're free...

The second one: Damn! Why so many people? When I first started, there were only two or three people in the live stream room! I used my spit to crack a coconut open, then suddenly there were more than a thousand people!

Wang Ling: "..."

[Messages received at 00:06 today]

The third one: Fuck! Senior Ling... it's over one hundred thousand! I just used the "iron crotch technique" to crush two coconuts, I never thought it would attract so many subscribers...

[Messages received at 1:15 today]

The fourth one: Senior Ling, there are more and more people... this old man suddenly feels that if it continues like this, collecting believers and setting up statues don't seem too hard to do...

Wang Ling: "..."

[Messages received at 17:02 today]

This was the latest message, which Taoist Guang had sent after his live stream.

Taoist Guang: Senior Ling, you may not believe me when I say this, but I already have eight hundred thousand fans. I asked them during the live stream just now whether they would be willing to help me set up statues... In the end, this group of people asked me if I was asking them to make model figurines. Senior Ling, what are these? How do you make them?

"..."

Reading this message, Wang Ling was stupefied.

...

Er Ha lay at Wang Ling's feet. This time, it had fallen into a dreamscape naturally and not because of narcolepsy.

Members of the toad clan seldom dreamed, so every time it had a dream, Er Ha would remember it very clearly. However, there was one type that felt especially real.

"A prophetic dream..."

Having experienced it once, Er Ha was already used to it.

It was able to maintain a clear sense of consciousness in the dream.

In the dream this time, its line of sight was fixed on something in particular and it was completely unable to move.

But Er Ha was extremely familiar with the scene in its dream!

This was the Tuntian Ha clan's Hall of Valor, where statues of all the previous leaders were set up.

— Wait.

So... had it become a statue?

All of a sudden, Er Ha was struck by something.

Out of the corner of its eye, it looked at the statue next to it. Although it didn't have a clear view, Er Ha could already confirm that it was the ninth demon king of the Tuntian Ha clan, the ninth generation leader.

The ninth generation of the clan was also the most unique one. Er Ha had only just been born when the eighth generation leader had died, into a clan without a head.

As an official who had assisted the eighth generation leader, the ninth generation leader had been crowned following tremendous public pressure.

And so it had become the demon king of the ninth generation of the Tuntian Ha clan.

Later, another demon clan had invaded, and the ninth generation leader had died very tragically on the battlefield.

Since it had inherited the eighth generation leader's bloodline, Er Ha remembered how it had been pushed onto the throne back then after the death of the ninth generation leader, thereby becoming the tenth generation leader... For a very long time after that, after the ninth generation leader sacrificed his life in battle, the Tuntian Ha clan hadn't suffered another invasion.

It was an elder in the clan who had told Er Ha stories about the ninth generation leader and its own father, the eighth generation leader. This elder had once served its father as an official, and later had overseen civil matters when the ninth generation leader took charge of military affairs. Furthermore, in the current Tuntian Ha clan, it was the most senior elder, so the whole clan called it Elder Wen 1 .

1(文官 'wen guan' means 'civil servant..') In the dream, Er Ha recalled many things.

All of a sudden, it opened its eyes.

If the statue next to it was the ninth generation leader... then the statue it was currently in was actually of itself?

It was at that moment that the dreamscape changed once again.

The initially empty Hall of Valor was now filled with tens of thousands of toad clan officials.

"This is the prayer ceremony?" Er Ha felt like it had seen this scene before, and it involuntarily recalled seeing the prayer ceremony when it was young. It was the same Hall of Valor, and similarly there were tens of thousands of important core officials kowtowing to several massive stone statues.

Er Ha watched as Elder Wen, standing right at the front, recited the clan's incantation...

Only members of the Tuntian Ha clan understood this incantation; it was like a hometown dialect, and every demon clan had its own "dialect."

Er Ha had never forgotten it.

As it watched Elder Wen, it suddenly jerked awake!

Under the desk, its dog fur was matted with cold sweat.

If it hadn't heard wrong, the incantation Elder Wen had been reciting wasn't a prayer... but a cry for help!





Chapter 433 Types of Internet Trolls and Their Traits


The prophetic dream felt as real as the last time, so much so that it felt like an out-of-body experience for Er Ha. When it woke up, it was stunned to realized that it had sweated so much that the floor was utterly wet. But for the fact that this sweat didn't smell at all, people who saw this would definitely think that Er Ha had pissed itself!

The moment it had fallen into the dream, it felt that it had really become a statue.

Mm, perhaps it was already a statue now!

Six years had passed and the clan officials should have already confirmed Er Ha's death. In six years, they could pull down several statues and build new ones, let alone set up one extra statue in the Hall of Valor.

Agitated, Er Ha scratched its head. It never expected its second prophetic dream to be about the clan...

Every word of Elder Wen's cry for help couldn't be any clearer to Er Ha and was like a thunderclap in its ears.

After Er Ha's death, the Tuntian Ha clan hadn't enthroned a new king for a very long time, and was on the verge of war with an enemy clan, the Nine Nether Python clan.

Er Ha knew that a clan without a leader to guide them and an ongoing lack of morale would without doubt lose in battle.

Taking large gulps of air, it lifted its head and saw that Little Master Ling was doing his homework, so it quietly lay back down on the floor.

Honestly speaking, Er Ha didn't know how to bring it up... In theory, given its current form, it already no longer had anything to do with the Tuntian Ha clan, but it clearly remembered every word that Elder Wen had uttered in the Hall of Valor in its dream.

Six years and no new king...

As the most senior official in the clan, Elder Wen had all along firmly believed that it was still alive.

This was hard for Er Ha to believe, and its heart was suddenly a tangled mix of emotions, though it couldn't tell whether it was regret or emotional sentiment.

It had to work something out!

If it really couldn't think of a way... it would just look for Wang Ling and sell meng...

...

It was a rare, tranquil night, and nothing was happening in the chat group.

Taoist Guang was occupied with researching live streaming and garage kits, Wang Ling was busy doing revision and reading books. Lord Thunder was at Wang Ming's lab studying the sword qi on that Taoist robe, and Xiao Yin was struggling to walk out of the shadow of getting his heart broken...

Meanwhile, Father Wang was racking his brains in his study for the words to use as he launched a new round of attack against keyboard warriors1.

1('Keyboard warrior' is a Chinese colloquial term to describe online users who have no qualms about judging or attacking other people online, but are not brave enough to do it in real life.) Originally, Father Wang's daily battle against the keyboard warriors took place on his phone while he was on the toilet. Now that Mother Wang had forcibly switched to thermal toilets, Father Wang couldn't sit for more than two minutes before he had to stand up - if he sat for too long, he'd only need a dash of cumin to become teppanyaki.

So he could now only sacrifice some of his time watching female live streamer Little Xuan to clear the comments section of his book and do battle with the Internet trolls.

Father Wang had a lot of fans, but a lot of fans also meant a lot of trolls.

There were always trolls, no matter how well-written a book was.

Father Wang remembered when he had first started out and wasn't that popular yet, and had encountered one or two trolls. He had enjoyed using his author account to directly fight them. Now that he was well-known, he would pick particular keyboard warriors to fight.

Mostly he randomly trash talked the trolls on the official website. As for the ones he suspected of being water army2 trolls, Father Wang had already long stopped replying to them, and directly banned them permanently and deleted their comments! Out of sight, out of mind! As long as it was within his authority, he did whatever he wanted!

2(When online users are paid to post specific content online.) After grinding the mill for so many years in the online novel circle, Father Wang had gradually identified some of the traits of these Internet trolls.

Firstly, they were generally pirate users who weren't subscribers.

When they were unhappy after reading a novel on a pirate website, they would start to disparage it. And then, as if afraid the author wouldn't see it, they would specially register for an account on the official website to continue slamming it.

So every time Father Wang saw these troll side accounts that didn't subscribe to any books and had an overall total of zero fan contribution points, he would sigh with regret: Why were there so many bored people in the world? Ultimately, it was the teachers who gave them too little homework!

Secondly, trolls generally liked to talk about their experiences.

This bunch of trolls were a bit stronger than those who only knew how to talk trash. They especially liked to use quotes or provide examples to demonstrate that they had read a lot of books and possessed great wisdom. They thought they were very clever and liked to make random comparative deductions in which they stepped on the author they were criticizing and praised the one they liked... Little did they know that the authors in the circle all had good relationships with each other! They gave each other gifts and engaged in cheerful banter.

Father Wang's conclusion about this type of Internet troll was: these guys probably had their brains switched with placenta at birth, leading to stunted intelligence. Only their bodies had matured, not their brains. Truly smart and experienced people were very low-key and would never show off.

Thirdly, trolls generally didn't finish reading the whole book before they started commenting on it.

Father Wang had seen a lot of anti-fans and Internet trolls over the years, and in fact they no longer surprised him. If he could directly ban them, he would; there was no need to trade nonsense with them. In instances where he couldn't wield his authority, mobilizing his fans to report them also wasn't a bad strategy.

Every time he saw someone forward a troll comment in the official readers groups, he would tell his fans not to get agitated and not to hurl abuse at them: everyone sending a smiley was good enough.

People were forever people, monkeys were forever monkeys; it was stupid trying to debate with monkeys.

Of course, there was one exception, and that was when Father Wang encountered trolls that not only attacked him but also his readers.

Whether a person read official or pirated copies of a novel was actually related to the current state of a nation. But no matter what kind of readers they were, Father Wang didn't want his readers to be willfully attacked and trod upon by these trolls.

This was Father Wang's bottom line...

...

In front of the screen, Father Wang lit a cigar and puffed on it.

He had just read a very interesting long comment in a readers group. It had been forwarded by a loyal official reader from some pirate app. The ID of the troll who had posted this comment was "Three Vats of Meng Po Soup."

This troll perfectly encapsulated all the traits mentioned above: not only had he slammed the work and the author, he had even roasted the fans. He thought that the fans who read Father Wang's works were fourteen- to sixteen-year-old teens whose three views had yet to be formed. The most ludicrous part was when this troll voiced his suspicions at the bottom of the post that Father Wang might have brushed up his reader numbers on the pirate app!

Standing next to Father Wang, Lie Mengmeng couldn't help exclaiming after he finished reading the post, "This guy has rocks in his head! What author would brush up reader numbers on a pirate app?"

Father Wang laughed. "This is already more than this guy's brain being switched with placenta at birth; when he was born, his mother probably abandoned him and raised the placenta in his place..."

Lie Mengmeng: "..."

"Are you going to return fire?"

"Return fire? Of course!"

Attacking him was fine, but to attack his fans - that was unforgivable!

Father Wang raised his eyebrows and his fingers flew over the keyboard.

After thinking up a Chinese couplet3, he posted it.

3(The set-up referred to below are two vertical lines of characters separated by a horizontal line of characters.) The first line: Keyboard Big Shot Criticizes A lot

The second line: Pirate Hero Teaches Fish to Swim

The horizontal scroll: M! D! Z! Z!4

4(MDZZ is an online Chinese buzzword for 'dumbass.') Lie Mengmeng: "..."





Chapter 434 Ling Zhenren Wishes Everyone A Prosperous New Year!


Father Wang's operation actually wasn't very surprising as it was already a common occurrence for Lie Mengmeng. However, he hadn't expected Father Wang to actually respond with his author account this time. This troll seemed quite full of himself to Lie Mengmeng... this time, he might truly "never be forgotten."

He felt that to be a fan of Father Wang's was a blessed thing.

But a response from Father Wang was just one thing. After all, these trolls would write thousand-word comments on pirate websites and attack Father Wang's works and the fans who liked them. Usually, the only way to stop them was to mobilize the power of official readers and report these trolls.

But even before Father Wang rallied them, fans in the group were already riled up as they spontaneously launched organized "attacks" one after another in reporting the situation to customer service.

On the side, Lie Mengmeng gasped in admiration at this operation, which demonstrated the unity among fans. Given Father Wang's status as a top guru on the website, the solidarity in his fan group was naturally indomitable.

Father Wang looked at his watch. After around five minutes, he refreshed the website and saw that all the troll's comments, including that long commentary, had disappeared.

Lie Mengmeng wiped at his sweat. "That... it's all gone?" Too fast!

He suddenly felt a little sorry for this troll. This guy had a low IQ to begin with, and had rummaged through primary school language books to painstakingly write a thousand-word negative review. He thought no one would notice and he could do whatever he wanted by posting it on a pirate app; in the end, it was reported as soon as it was posted and then deleted.

Father Wang smiled unperturbed and puffed on his cigar. "It's not over yet. Believe it or not, he's going to post again."

"That's looking for trouble; does he have so much to write about...?"

Thinking carefully, Father Wang chuckled. "I'm guessing that he might even use what he learned from Peppa Pig when he was a kid."

Lie Mengmeng: "..."

After another half an hour, Father Wang refreshed the website again.

Mm... very good...

Sure enough, this troll had once again written two hundred words with difficulty.

The reply as below:

"Firstly, I really can't afford to buy every book; rent in a first-tier city is too expensive, and I can only select which books to buy. It's unrealistic to buy all of them, but I will buy real copies of good publications. I would never disclose the fact that I read pirate copies, but you say the author called me out? May I ask, how does he know? Does he also use the pirate app? Or was it a "true love fan" using the pirate app who ran crying and complaining to the author? If it's the first case, what right do you have to criticize me? If it's the latter, then I can only say that the author is really Lu Dongbin!"

After reading it, Lie Mengmeng scratched his head. "What does he mean by this? Why does it feel like the logic is contradictory?"

"Hey hey hey, let me analyze it for you!"

Pointing at the screen, Father Wang laughed as he analyzed each individual section. "Look at his first sentence... he said: 'I really can't afford to buy every book; rent in a first-tier city is too expensive, and I can only select which books to buy.' The implication is: 'Rent is so high, how can you blame me for reading on pirate websites? I scrimp and save and choose which books to read; I've read all the Four Great Classic Novels.'"

Lie Mengmeng: "..."

Father Wang: "Now look at this second part, he said: 'May I ask, how does he know? Does he also use the pirate app?' The implication is: 'Aiya, I wasn't careful and was actually found out. I thought no one would see me post trash talk. Since this book fan is part of a water army, the author is definitely a pirate user!'"

Lie Mengmeng: "..."

"Mm... the following third part is actually the most hilarious one: 'If it's the latter, then I can only say that the author is really Lu Dongbin.' The implication: 'I am a dog1.'"

1(This is from a Chinese two-part allegorical saying: 'A dog bit Lu Dongbin, a good man's kindness is disregarded.') Lie Mengmeng couldn't help laughing.

After he was done analyzing the comment, Father Wang couldn't help tsking. "This troll is really short on brains."

After saying this, Father Wang directly picked up the cell phone on the table and started to scroll through the address book.

Lie Mengmeng: "Brother Wang, who are you looking for?"

Father Wang answered lightly, "A doctor."

Lie Mengmeng: "Why?"

Father Wang burst out laughing. "Don't you need a vaccine after getting bitten by a dog?"

Lie Mengmeng: "..."

...

On the other side, at the Cultivation Academy of Science, preparations had already been made for the space assessment.

Standing in front of a huge egg-shaped glass dome, Wang Ming and Lord Thunder could clearly see an infinitesimal space fissure inside it.

This fissure hadn't been caused by magic; instead, modern technology had been used to break down the space, thereby creating this minute fissure.

"Brother Wang Ming, will this work?" Lord Thunder asked curiously.

Hands in his pockets, Wang Ming nodded confidently. "No problem, this machine has already been tested several times and meets all performance requirements. However, it does take quite a while to warm up, so there's still room for improvement."

After that, Wang Ming picked up that tattered Daoist robe which Lord Thunder had brought over. But just as he was about to approach the glass dome, Zhai Yin blocked him.

"Let me do it."

Zhai Yin drew in a breath; her voice was as cold as usual.

"I've already done so many tests, there won't be any problems..." Wang Ming really wanted to refuse, but his attitude wasn't as resolute as before as he tried to speak as evenly as possible

After putting on a bold face when he had used the Heavenly Materials sword previously to save that group of students in the hospital, and coupled with him overusing the Brain Deduction Technique before that, he had fallen into a coma for several days.

Although he didn't want to admit it, it was indeed Zhai Yin who had looked after him during those few days.

Wang Ming wasn't stupid; he of course knew that Zhai Yin was interested in him. But he really couldn't understand how he had managed to attract the attention of this female Bodhisattva2.

2('Bodhisattva' in Buddhism are enlightened beings who have put off entering paradise in order to help others attain enlightenment.) "No!"

Zhai Yin said decisively, "Even if it's just a small space fissure, if anything goes wrong, you will instantly be cut into pieces!"

Wang Ming: "That's an exaggeration..."

Zhai Yin crossed her arms and looked at Wang Ming. "Either you listen to me or you terminate the experiment!"

Wang Ming didn't feel like continuing to argue and straightaway chose to give in. "Fine fine fine, I'll listen to you, big sister!" Saying that, he gave Zhai Yin the tattered Daoist robe.

Perfectly satisfied, she accepted it and then operated the machine with practiced ease.

On the side, the young man in white was shaken at what he had heard. "Big big big... big sister?"

Wang Ming nodded, his gaze on Zhai Yin's back. "That's right. This person who looks like a man is in fact a big sister. Shocking, right? In our nation's study of gender, there is no gem rarer than this big sister!"

Zhai Yin's lips twitched when she heard this. "..."

Lord Thunder asked in a whisper, "Brother Wang Ming... what is your relationship to her?"

"Relationship?"

Wang Ming couldn't help laughing. "Brothers, of course!"

Zhai Yin couldn't help shaking when she heard what he said!

Behind her, Wang Ming cupped his chin and gazed at this scene with immense satisfaction, with an "I like watching you get angry, and you can't do anything about it" air...





Chapter 435 Cooking Inspiration


It wasn't like Lord Thunder hadn't heard of Wang Ming, but it was his first time meeting him.

From quite a while back already, he had heard Wang Ling mention him several times during their chats; each time he did, moreover, there was always some sort of unspoken resentment in his words.

It was hard to describe this tangled type of love and hate.

To be honest, Lord Thunder thought that Zhai Yin was being a little excessive... This was Brother Ling's cousin! Even though his cultivation wasn't as high as Brother Ling's... how big could the gap be?

Although Lord Thunder hadn't sensed any aura on Wang Ming either, he felt that anyone who had a connection to Brother Ling wouldn't be so simple! Just look at the old seniors in the Wang family's small villa; even a broccoli contained insight on the Heavenly Dao! Put simply, these were people who had been cultivating for several thousand years, and it wasn't hard to see whether they were strong or not.

And so Lord Thunder was a little unhappy at Zhai Yin's attitude. But he couldn't say anything, because he felt that these two right now were like a pair of lovers flirting with each other!

Standing behind Wang Ming in the research institute, it strongly felt like there was some unexplainable asura field 1 between them... too scary!

1(The asura is a Buddhist mythical being that at one point in tales was focused on war. The term 'asura field' is used to describe a wretched battlefield.) He didn't even dare speak; in fact, he was a little afraid that a fourth person might scuttle out at that moment to loudly proclaim something like "I was clearly here first 2 ."

2(This is a line from the Japanese anime 'White Album 2' based on a Japanese adult visual novel.) But Wang Ming and Zhai Yin were already used to this type of situation.

Taking Lord Thunder's presence into account, Wang Ming finally, for the first time ever, chose to alleviate this seemingly embarrassing atmosphere.

He explained the space assessment process. "There's no need to doubt this machine's performance, I carried out several tests. Do you see that fine thread-like electrical line on the outside of the glass dome? I call it a dimension line. Once it's linked to the Daoist robe, you can obtain rough data related to it as well as use the leftover sword qi on it to accurately determine the related dimension coordinates."

Lord Thunder gazed at the dome with a slightly amazed expression. Actually, it wasn't like he had never heard of space tracking technology, but he had thought that it would still be another century before it was possible! But Wang Ming was far more incredible than he had thought! In theory, it would take at least several hundred years to invent this scientific apparatus, but Wang Ming had actually already developed a prototype.

Although the machine did indeed take a long time to warm up, this was a small flaw that still couldn't outweigh Wang Ming's groundbreaking contribution to scientific research.

...

On the other side, Wang Ling was done reviewing his homework for the moment, and including the times when he hadn't been able to resist checking the news on his wristwatch, it had taken him slightly under ten minutes. He had memorized the key revision points for the midterm exams which Teacher Pan had mentioned in class today.

No matter what, study was always the most essential thing... There were even times when Wang Ling felt that the monthly tests were more important than the Three Thousand Great Spells.

The reason was very simple...

It was because man only cherished what was acquired through great effort. For Wang Ling, the Three Thousand Great Spells had been with him since young and had taken shape as he grew and his brain cells developed - the actual time he spent on cultivation was probably less than preparing for the monthly tests.

Putting down the review materials, Wang Ling took a look at the news; whether it was the private chat window or the group chat, there was nothing.

After all, Daoist Guang's tattered Daoist robe was very old, and Wang Ling didn't think that using a scientific apparatus to trace the leftover sword qi on the robe back to the corresponding space coordinates was an easy task.

But Wang Ling still had faith since he knew that Wang Ming had already developed a pertinent instrument for assessing space, even if it might not be completely perfect and was just a prototype.

But Wang Ling believed that if Wang Ming couldn't do it, then no one else on earth could!

...

After Wang Ling was done with his homework, Grandfather Wang called him to come downstairs. Previously, Grandfather Wang and the head of Kitchen Knife Sect, Jiang Haifu, who was also Wang Ling's yearmate Jiang Bai's father, had arranged to compare their culinary skills in a match.

Since the stipulated date was quickly approaching, the old man had been working as fast as possible these days to whip up a lot of new dishes as he planned to showcase his skills in front of Jiang Bai's father. He had thus called for Wang Ling to come and sample his new dishes. This time, he had invented two brand new dishes!

The old man was actually quite a dedicated person, especially during his younger days, when he would give his all to become champion in any cooking-related event!

After living for so long, he had never been defeated in any cooking competition he had participated in to date!

At his emphatic request, Wang Ling, Father Wang, Mother Wang as well as Er Ha gathered together.

"Jiang Haifu is the head of Kitchen Knife Sect and one of the biggest names in the food and beverage industry; Kikkaro Restaurant is his family business... Dad, will you be alright?" Father Wang sat obediently at the dining table as he hesitantly voiced his doubts. He had been happily battling the troll earlier, and after cursing out the other party's family, had been planning to curse out eighteen generations of his ancestors when the old man had called him to come downstairs.

The old man rapped the table with the metal ladle in his hand. "What? Looking down on this old Kikkaro Restaurant employee? In any case, I was the head chef at their flagship restaurant for over thirty years, I created a lot of their dishes!"

Father Wang was silent. "..."

Then, everyone watched as the old man lifted the lid off the first dish on the table...

It was a rich meat broth with a very clear soup; furthermore, it was overflowing with spirit power, and the aroma could lift the spirits.

Father Wang could hardly wait to ladle a spoonful to drink! His fatigue was actually swept away in a flash!

"What's this, dad?" Father Wang stared at the old man like he had performed a miracle.

The old man pinched his whiskers and smiled. "To deal with an exceptional person, you naturally need to use exceptional means! You might think this is just a pot of broth, but the meat inside is actually spirit monkey guts and organs! I've been looking for this since before, but I never thought that my friend would be able to help me find it."

When she heard this, Mother Wang drank a mouthful of the soup, then sang its praises. " Ai ? It's really good!"

"Amazing, amazing!" Father Wang couldn't help giving a thumbs up. "Dad, where did you get the inspiration to create these dishes?"

The old man looked at Father Wang. "Actually, cooking is similar to you writing novels, it draws from life. Wasn't there a live streamer called Baboon who was banned two days ago? That was where I got the inspiration for this dish. I call it Baboon Head Soup."

Wang Ling: "..."

Father Wang: "Then the inspiration for the second dish..."

Grandfather Wang: "My inspiration for the first dish was from the programMan vs. Wild: Rise of the Planet of the Baboons ! And I got the idea for the second dish from the second season, Man vs. Wild: Hit The Snake At Seven Inches 3 !"

3(This refers to hitting a snake where its heart is located, thereby guaranteeing a kill ..) Mother Wang and Father Wang: "..."

Grandfather Wang: "That's why I call the second dish Snakeskin Soup!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 436 Evil Sword God Steps Into the World


Space assessment required a certain amount of time. About ten minutes after connecting the Daoist robe with the dimension line, Zhai Yin separated them and returned the tattered Daoist robe to Lord Thunder.

Because he had always thought that Zhai Yin was a man, Lord Thunder wasn't used to changing the way he addressed her. "Brother Zhai Yin..."

"Hm?"

Under Zhai Yin's fixed gaze, the young man in white couldn't help wiping at his sweat with the tattered Daoist robe. "That... Miss Zhai Yin... What about the assessment result?"

Zhai Yin replied indifferently, "The dimension line has finished extracting sword qi data from the Daoist robe, but it will still take time. The assessment report will come out in twenty-four hours."

She stared at Lord Thunder. "You can leave for today. I'll let you know if there's anything."

On the side, Wang Ming frowned and couldn't help grumbling, "Twenty-four hours? So long? That shouldn't be..."

Zhai Yin's gaze froze. "I said twenty-four hours, so it's twenty-four hours. Any more nonsense from you and I'll break the machine."

The corners of Wang Ming's mouth twitched. "Did you eat the wrong kind of meds?"

Lord Thunder: "..."

Somehow Lord Thunder felt a very strange malevolent aura around these two people... But actually, the young man in white could roughly guess why this Miss Zhai Yin was so angry.

At this time, there was no one else in the research institute except for Wang Ming and Zhai Yin. Lord Thunder seemed to have heard Wang Ming mention before that all the other experts in the research institute had been dispatched to do fieldwork all over the place this week and would only be back in two or three days.

So there was only one truth! — He had become a lightbulb1!

1(A 'lightbulb' in colloquial Chinese has the same meaning as 'a third wheel.') As Great Death-Courting Senior in the cultivation circle, the reason why so many people admired him, in addition to his chivalrous sense of justice, was because of his high EQ.

Even in modern cultivation society, people without emotional intelligence couldn't survive. In this circle, learning to "read the situation" was a very important thing.

Looking at these two people's expressions, something was definitely wrong between them... RBQRBQ2...

2(RBQ is a derogatory term for women who are treated as sex objects ..) Believing that he had interrupted their "happy time," Lord Thunder could only force a smile. "Then Brother Wang Ming, I'll take my leave first for today and go back to wait for news."

Wang Ming: "Will that be alright?"

Lord Thunder shook his head and said, "It's fine, it's fine, the matter between Brother Wang Ming and Miss Zhai Yin is more important..."

Wang Ming: "Ah?"

Lord Thunder patted Wang Ming on the shoulder with the expression of one who had seen through everything. "I won't bother you any longer, but Brother Wang Ming, when you act, you better be careful..."

Wang Ming: "???"

Speaking up to this point, Lord Thunder took Wang Ming aside and said in a very low voice, "I had a friend who lost control of his power before when he was doing it, and directly caused a magnitude ten earthquake... at your realm, Brother Wang Ming, it's better to be careful when you're playing around in the institute..."

Wang Ming: "..."

Zhai Yin: "..."

...

Standing at the entrance to the institute, Lord Thunder couldn't help heaving a long sigh.

He recalled how Great Senior Wang had put a broccoli in his bowl at the dining table in the Wang family's small villa... At that time, Lord Thunder had already sensed how unusual the broccoli was by analyzing the expression in Great Senior Wang's eyes!

And this time, he had been able to detect the unspoken secret between these two people through their expressions... Damn! He was actually a little genius!

...

At the same time, in an unknown space somewhere...

This was a grayish-black world; the clouds were all a deep gray and it was dark everywhere.

On a craggy mountain top, a young man with long black hair sat upright on a large black rock.

Thick eye shadow lined the corners of his eyes, and sinister bluish-green lines spread out from his cheeks to the back of his neck, giving him a very evil air.

"Immortal Zhenyuan, you can't trick me! The entrance to the Treasure House is here. I also know you're here... So? Won't you come out to meet this junior?" The evil young man closed his eyes and sneered.

His voice couldn't be considered loud, but it was so penetrating that it echoed throughout the whole world. This was a powerful sonic spell. Cultivators below the Soul Formation stage would be unable to withstand this burst of spirit power, and would directly explode and die.

The young man clearly knew that there weren't any living things in this space, but had still done this on purpose.

This was a provocation!

And most crucially, the young man felt that creating an echo as he spoke would make him look very cool! He felt that he, Evil Sword God, was a grand Almighty, so his words had to have momentum!

After a long time, however, there was no response.

He was very sure that Immortal Zhenyuan was here; even if the latter himself wasn't in this world, he was definitely keeping a very close watch on it.

About a minute later, the young man felt spiritual pressure fall from the sky, accompanied by a restraining force, and he realized that his sonic spell had been suppressed.

"Immortal Zhenyuan... do you think with this, you can suppress my echo..."

"Can suppress my echo..."

"Suppress my echo..."

"...press my echo..."

"My echo..."

"Echo..."

Immortal Zhenyuan: "..."

...

About five minutes later.

In the next moment, Evil Sword God opened his eyes and looked at the sky as he couldn't help sneering in his heart. "There is actually a junior in this life who dares to try and use sword qi to track me down? Too ridiculous!"

Since mastering the power of Sword Dao, Evil Sword God could clearly sense the underlying pattern of sword qi; he had a very clear picture of this massive web-like grid in his mind.

"Sword, come!" Evil Sword God roared in his heart. He waved his hand, and with a boom, countless light particles converged in the air and coalesced into a purplish-black spirit sword in his hand — this was the sword at the top of the spirit sword power rankings, Heaven-Cleaving!

Sword in hand, Evil Sword God slashed lightly at the air. Spirit power whistled in the primal chaos of the space, and a gap suddenly appeared.

This was a space fissure which Evil Sword God had forcibly created using the power of Sword Dao. He used it as a transmission gate, and after using sword qi to create an opening in a particular place, he could freely visit it again whenever he wanted.

He looked up and laughed loudly at the air. "Immortal Zhenyuan, after I deal with this rude junior, I will look for you again!"

"...Junior, I will look for you again!"

"I will look for you again!"

"Will look for you again!"

"Look for you again!"

"For you again!"

"You again!"

"Again..."

After that, Evil Sword God stepped into the space fissure with his sword.

Immortal Zhenyuan: "Psycho..."





Chapter 437 Cheat Diviner Reed's Divination Skill


After leaving the institute, Lord Thunder tossed out the spirit sword that was on his back as he planned to fly home on it.

This sword which Lord Thunder carried on his back was known as Brilliant Victory, which meant "ever-victorious and brilliant."

Luo Chuang hadn't made this sword; instead, it was a sword that was handed down from Lord Thunder's forefathers. Usually it was in a secured state, wrapped in layers of seals like a dumpling. But this didn't impact on its ordinary use - at the most, it just looked a little unsightly.

A bigger pain in the ass was that the spirit sword had been forged by a weaponsmith elsewhere, so when Lord Thunder had gotten it... its sword plate number wasn't a local one! Thus, there were flight restrictions on it during morning and evening peak hours everyday!

But the time now was just right; if he took the spirit bus home, it would waste a lot of time.

Lord Thunder jumped onto his spirit sword and was just about to leave when he got a phone call.

Lord Thunder looked at the caller ID: Cheat Diviner Reed... (he had read that correctly)

Huh? A call from Cheat Diviner?

Lord Thunder stared a little blankly at the screen. After his visit to Immortal Toya's Chrysanthemum Island, he had secretly found this diviner friend of his, Daoist Reed, who was nicknamed Cheat Diviner Reed because his divinations were so accurate it was as if he used cheats!

Like Luo Chuang, he wasn't part of the chat group, but was one of Lord Thunder's very good friends.

There would always be mavericks in any era, and there were countless weirdos in the cultivation circle. Some of them didn't take part in chat groups, and forcing them to join didn't make sense.

In the end, it was up to each person. Perhaps one day they would start to feel lonely, and want to join a group to chat every day, like Daoist Guang.

Lord Thunder pressed the answer button.

Cheat Diviner Reed's voice, which had a slight regional accent, sounded from the other end of the line. "Hello? Senior Immortal? Is that you?"

Lord Thunder: "Yes, Brother Reed, it's me..." As soon as he spoke, the young man in white couldn't help stamping his feet. Every time he talked to Cheat Diviner Reed, his own accent would also come out!

After composing himself, Lord Thunder asked, "Brother Reed, is there any news with the divination I asked you to perform?"

After leaving Chrysanthemum Island, he had asked Cheat Diviner Reed to do a reading on Immortal Toya's marriage prospects.

However, Daoist Reed hated marriage divination the most; it wasn't just time-consuming, but every person who had wanted a marriage divination done would develop a mysterious confidence once they knew what their path to marriage was like.

Why were there so many douchebags, guys and girls alike, nowadays?

Daoist Reed thought that half of it might be his fault.

Hence, he wouldn't do this type of divination at all, no matter how much more he was paid, unless you were one of his especially good friends.

Daoist Reed said, "The marriage divination... you still have to wait a bit; it's not easy to calculate, but once it's done it'll definitely be very accurate."

Lord Thunder: "Then why did Brother Reed call me today?"

Daoist Reed: "Senior Immortal, do you remember how you gave me your birth data when you came to me for fortune-telling before?"

Lord Thunder nodded. "Mm... it seems that was the case..."

Having said that, that had been at least several hundred years ago!

Lord Thunder remembered that back then he had wanted to know what his fortune was like, so he had left his birth data with Daoist Reed.

And Daoist Reed had a habit of keeping the information of regular customers for later use.

Daoist Reed: "This time before I helped perform a divination for your friend, I used the wrong data, and accidentally used yours. I didn't realize it until I had finished the divination..."

Lord Thunder frowned slightly. "Wrong?"

This was quite a low-level mistake, and it was basically impossible for a veteran diviner like Daoist Reed to make such a mistake. Generally, accidentally using the wrong data for fortune-telling was the type of situation that foreboded something.

Daoist Reed had pretty much the same thought as Lord Thunder. "I thought that this mistake might be some kind of omen, so I helped you divine your luck."

"What was the result?"

"It shows that a bloody disaster is going to befall you."

"Very inauspicious?"

"Wrong! Extremely inauspicious!"

"..."

"It looks like it's about life and death!"

Lord Thunder broke into a sweat. "Did you divine wrong?"

On the other end of the phone, Daoist Reed shook his head. "Impossible, I did it three times! I was also doubtful at first and wondered if there was something wrong with that round since I had helped you divine your fortune once before that, and it showed that you would be blessed in spirit and body for the next one thousand years. Thus, logically speaking, it's indeed very unlikely for an inauspicious divination to appear now. Moreover, when I did the second and third divinations, I even used my imperial divination magic device."

Daoist Reed was very confident in the accuracy of his divination. "This divination device is outstanding, and I've never made a mistake when I use it."

"What kind of magic device is this?"

"It's a magic sword called Fortune-Evading Sword 1 !"

1(This is a homophone of the name of the Chinese TV presenter Bi Fujian ..) "..."

"This sword foretells bad, not good luck. If it's a smooth and auspicious divination, the sword won't move at all... but the bleaker the divination, the more the sword trembles! When I tested it out for you today, this sword was like a vibrator on the highest setting!"

Lord Thunder: "Then Brother Reed, do you have any way to dispel it?"

Daoist Reed sighed and looked a little troubled. "If it's very inauspicious, I still have ways... but this is extremely inauspicious... Senior Immortal, brother, I have something I don't know whether to say or not..."

Lord Thunder: "Brother Reed, feel free to say it."

Daoist Reed: "Please pay me for the divination right now! Then just wait to pass away in peace. I'm afraid that if I wait any longer, I won't get it..."

Lord Thunder: "..."

After hanging up the phone, Lord Thunder gazed at the screen as he fell into deep thought for a long time.

To be honest, it wasn't like he didn't understand the implications of an extremely inauspicious divination; this was a divination of imminent death and was the kind of divination that wasn't any different to a hospital's notice of terminally ill patients.

But no matter how Lord Thunder thought about it, he couldn't understand why he was suddenly in danger of an imminent death.

This wasn't good...

If this was the case, he couldn't go home now! An extremely inauspicious divination came true within twenty-four hours of the prediction! Furthermore, the bad luck would bring disaster to everything around him... If he went home now, even Xiao Yin might suffer!

What should he do?

Go look for Brother Ling?

Lord Thunder was about to make a phone call when, with a whooshing sound, sword qi unexpectedly attacked him from afar at that moment!

This sword qi acted as a warning. It was extremely fast and brushed past Lord Thunder's ear, taking off a few strands of his black hair.

Who was it?!

Lord Thunder looked in the direction that the sword qi had come from.

In the moonlight, he saw a very evil-looking young man, standing high above on a street light, who was staring at him with a gloomy face.

The young man gave a sneer and said calmly, "I, am Evil Sword God..."

"Sword God..."

"God..."

Lord Thunder: "Psycho..."





Chapter 438 Long Johns Save His Life...


On the street light, that very evil-looking young man introduced himself in a very chuuni tone, and Lord Thunder couldn't help directly blurting out 'psycho' when he heard it... There was something very wrong with this guy - maybe he was a mental patient who had escaped from some mental hospital?

Senior Immortal's imagination ran wild; he didn't dare take this lightly. Though the young man was about ten zhang away from him, he already felt oppressed by that evil aura!

The young man in white subconsciously grasped his "Brilliant Victory sword," and realized that his hand was actually trembling...

He couldn't help the cold sweat that ran down his cheeks - this was the first time he felt the shivers all the way down into his soul!

Letting this type of mentally ill patient run wild on the streets was bound to cause chaos!

Lord Thunder felt that he should probably take this person back to the hospital.

But very quickly, he suddenly recalled the Daoist name that this evil young man had introduced himself with.

Hm...

Evil Sword God...

Sword God...

God...

"Fuck! This guy is Evil Sword God!"

Because of the evil young man's spastic self-introduction, Lord Thunder's neurons had taken a long time to process it before he was finally struck with realization.

But why had Evil Sword God suddenly shown up here?

Lord Thunder grit his teeth and looked up again at the street light that Evil Sword God was standing on. But at that moment, Evil Sword God had already disappeared!

The next moment, there was a hand on Lord Thunder's shoulder, and a voice that inspired terror in the depths of the soul asked, "Looking for me?"

This speed... Was this a teleportation spell?

Shocked, Lord Thunder tilted his head, but could only see half the evil young man's face and the sinister smile on it. "Bold junior, you have the guts to try and track sword qi back to me? I'll get rid of half your shoulder first..."

The next moment, Lord Thunder felt a great pressure on his right shoulder as a ball of demonic energy coalesced in Evil Sword God's hand.

At the same time, a voice resounded in Lord Thunder's mind. "This ball of spirit power contains the Sword Dao qi of my Heaven-Cleaving sword; anyone under Itinerant Immortal level will be permanently wounded, and not even divine medicine will help."

After that, with a loud "bang," the ball of spirit power which contained evil sword qi exploded.

Lord Thunder was directly thrown off his feet by the explosion, and he flew several kilometers before hitting the ground from the violent attack.

Contrary to expectations, he wasn't bleeding; the ball of spirit power had unexpectedly only burned a hole in the outside Daoist robe of this young man in white.

"Hm?"

Evil Sword God stared at this scene from a distance. The situation was a little outside his expectations.

"That was dangerous..." Lord Thunder was sweating a little. His white Daoist robe had been destroyed... This was the latest in high fashion from Armani! Because it was too expensive, he had only bought two sets and had planned to regularly switch them out!

But one of them was now directly written off!

When he shifted, the basketball-sized hole in the shoulder of his white Daoist robe revealed the long johns that Mother Wang had given him.

These long johns had obviously been enchanted by Wang Ling!

Had it not been for the power it contained, Lord Thunder was well aware that he would have been severely injured by such an explosion.

At that moment, the young man in white could also already guess why Evil Sword God was looking for him.

Since they could use the Daoist robe which Daoist Guang had left behind to track the remnants of the sword qi on it back to Evil Sword God, then naturally, he could also use it to find them.

Previously, the Daoist robe had been sealed away, and Evil Sword God had already thought that Daoist Guang was dead, so he had stopped hunting him.

Lord Thunder hadn't expected Evil Sword God to be alerted by the reverse tracking of sword qi.

In the end, he was the one who had been careless!

Evil Sword God had currently already mastered the power of Sword Dao, one of the Three Thousand Great Spells, and was especially sensitive to Sword Dao. He could even clearly grasp sword qi as an intangible form.

Thinking back carefully, Lord Thunder recalled that when he had been at the research institute earlier, he had apparently used that tattered Daoist robe to wipe at his sweat...

It was most likely at that moment that his body had become contaminated with the residual sword qi!

"A single slip, a lifetime of regret!" Lord Thunder felt extremely remorseful.

Looking at the situation, he already knew he wasn't strong enough to fight back, so he could only think of a way to look for Wang Ling first.

Thinking this, he immediately stepped onto his Brilliant Victory sword and flew at heaven-defying speed in the direction of the Wang family's small villa.

Evil Sword God's technique was too strong. Lord Thunder had barely stepped on his sword when he realized that all the electronic equipment he was carrying on him had been destroyed by the other party's overflowing sword qi.

It wasn't just that; actually, when Evil Sword God had put his hand on Lord Thunder's shoulder just now...

The instant he had discharged the spirit power, all the street lights had instantly gone out, turning everything pitch black.

All the electronic equipment in the nearby area, including cars driving on the road, instantly stopped working, completely wrecked by the evil sword qi!

...

In the darkness, Evil Sword God opened his eyes, and his pupils glowed a faint purple, creating a very mystical air.

Interesting... Evil Sword God sneered. He hadn't expected the young man in white to actually be unharmed by his move earlier. This proved that the armor that the young man was wearing under his Daoist robe wasn't of inferior workmanship.

Evil Sword God looked in the direction that Lord Thunder had escaped, and his eyes focused on the spirit sword under Lord Thunder's feet.

Although the sword was wrapped in layers of seals, it gave him a very familiar feeling.

The reason why his shizun Fan Rui, who was also called by his Daoist name Heavenly Sword Immortal, had towered famously for thousands of years in Sword Dao, was because of his dual sword technique! And he had had the two swords that were widely acclaimed by the people as great divine swords!

One was called Heaven-Cleaving, which topped the spirit swords power rankings, and which was also the sword that Evil Sword God had seized and now wielded.

The other was called Brilliant Victory, which topped the spirit swords defense rankings; it was extremely strong at parrying attacks and had powerful defensive attributes.

After he had murdered his shifu back then and snatched Heaven-Cleaving from the latter's hand, he had been looking for Brilliant Victory ever since...

Even though Brilliant Victory's aura was wrapped in layers of seals, he had still been able to detect the scent it emitted when he had gotten close to it earlier.

"That's definitely it..."

Evil Sword God stuck out his long pointed tongue and licked his lips.

Originally he had just wanted to come out to teach the junior, who had the guts to track his aura through sword qi, a lesson, but who would have thought he would have inadvertently discovered Brilliant Victory sword's whereabouts.

But... why was the Brilliant Victory sword in this person's hands?

Evil Sword God let out a sinister laugh.

Forget it, catch this person first!

No one could escape from him...





Chapter 439 Lord Thunder's Death?


It would take less than fifteen minutes at top speed to reach the Wang family's small villa in a straight line.

But now, it was impossible for Lord Thunder to take this type of direct route. Considering Evil Sword God's brutal nature, he didn't want to get innocent passersby involved. Thus, he took the long way round and steered his Bright Victory sword through sparsely populated areas.

But in doing so, he would only reach the Wang family's small villa in forty minutes.

Whether he lived or died today would depend on this forty minutes.

At that moment, Lord Thunder only hoped that he wouldn't be pulled up by the traffic police; he was already over the speed limit given how fast he was flying. Being waylaid by the police and getting demerits, a fine or his driving license revoked were all small things, but if Evil Sword God interfered, more innocent people would suffer.

From beginning to end, Evil Sword God didn't make a move. The demonic purple light in his eyes started to glow. This was a technique he called "Looking at the Horizon with One Eye," which was also a move in the Purple Investigative Demon Eye1 style.

1(This is adapted from the Purple Extreme Demon Eye, with the Chinese words for 'investigate' and 'extreme' being homonyms, 'ji.' The Purple Extreme Demon Eye is a technique used by Tang San, the protagonist of the xuanhuan novel "Douluo Dalu..") Back then, after killing his shifu with his own hands, his second stop had been the Tang Sect, which had had a good relationship with his shifu. He had found Tang Shijiu, the master disciple of the nineteenth generation of the Tang Sect at the time, and had plucked out his Purple Investigative Demon Eyes before fixing them in his own eye sockets as if he was changing cosmetic contact lenses.

With this pair of magic eyes and this "Looking at the Horizon with One Eye" pupil technique, he could see very far away.

"Headed where there aren't a lot of people? Good idea. Unfortunately, it's useless." Evil Sword God sneered in his heart. Standing in place and with one hand behind his back, he slashed at the air with his other hand.

"Interesting fellow. But in my eyes, you're still just a mongrel cultivator."

Opening the space fissure, he calculated Lord Thunder's escape route and then stepped into the gap before disappearing.

Speeding through the air, Lord Thunder instantly felt nervous. He thought he had already fled far enough, but the pressure which Evil Sword God had been exerting all along had yet to disappear.

It was as if a pair of eyes were boring into his back.

He had to hold on! Until he got to Brother Ling!

Lord Thunder gritted his teeth, turned around, and threw out a number of black grenades in succession as he recited a spell: "Skybomb Grenade, Enhanced Version!" In a flash, there was the sound of explosions, and in a split second, the sky was filled with smog for thousands of miles around!

Boom boom boom...

The enhanced version of the Skybomb Grenade was deafening, and the dense smog it created wasn't an ordinary one at all as it could blind people momentarily!

When Evil Sword God passed through the void, tore open the space fissure, and walked out, he immediately found himself wrapped in smog.

"Skybomb Grenade?" Evil Sword God hmphed coldly. He didn't make any large movements, and his Purple Investigative Demon Eyes started to spin again as he roared furiously, "Junior! You think this mere blinding smog can stop me?"

"Can stop me..."

"Stop me..."

"Me..."

The next moment, two beams of light shot out of his Purple Investigative Demon Eyes like magic dragons and pierced straight through this smog!

Hu Hu! Two sounds! The magic dragons released from the Purple Investigative Demon Eyes surged through and dispelled the thousands of miles of smog.

When Lord Thunder saw this scene, he was shocked. His Skybomb Grenade was an ancestral secret weapon. Back then, his ancestor's godfather had been a descendant of the Tang Sect who had specifically made improvements to the Skybomb Grenade! An ordinary Skybomb Grenade was more than enough to fight against a Perfected Being, and the enhanced version now could delay even a True Immortal on the hunt. At the very least, it should slow one down for a while and buy some time!

He had already used the remaining four enhanced Skybomb Grenades he was carrying!

However, Evil Sword God had actually been able to handle the situation so easily, directly overlooking the vast dense smog.

Combined with this troublesome power of Sword Dao, Lord Thunder judged that Evil Sword God's overall battle strength had already surpassed True Immortal level! It was very likely already infinitely close to Venerated Immortal level!

Lord Thunder was sweating copiously as he fled.

He sighed in his heart and felt a touch of despair.

Was this the despair that stemmed from an extremely inauspicious divination?

Indeed, since ancient times, it seemed that he had never heard of anyone who had received an extremely inauspicious prediction ever escaping it smoothly.

The young man in white stopped fleeing and looked in the direction of the Wang family's small villa.

He still had fully half a way to go to the Wang family's small villa... It was already too late for him to run!

Evil Sword God had already caught up to him from behind. Pointing his sword at Lord Thunder, he couldn't help sneering. "Mongrel cultivator! Giving up already?"

Lord Thunder turned around in the air, his body trembling uncontrollably. The gap between their realms was really too big! No one would be able to bear it!

The only reason he was able to stand in the air without toppling over was completely due to the long johns.

Otherwise, he didn't have the wherewithal to speak with Evil Sword God on an equal footing. But even if it was someone else with the same realm, they might not even be able to straighten their legs under such powerful spiritual pressure.

"Junior has long heard of Lord Evil Sword God's power; today, junior humbly concedes defeat!" Lord Thunder said, fists clenched.

"Little junior! It's no use trying to buy time. No one I've wanted to kill has ever escaped me." Evil Sword God pointed the sword at him as demonic overbearing sword qi swirled in the air. "Mongrel cultivator! Let me ask you, what manner of thing is that armor you're wearing inside? If you tell me the truth, I'll give you a slightly happier death!"

"There is a person called Wang Ling," Lord Thunder answered. "He was the one who made the armor I'm wearing, and he's not far away; if Senior Evil Sword God is willing to call for him out loud, he will definitely hear you..."

Things had already come to this point, and Lord Thunder knew that he couldn't escape, but he still had one last ray of hope. "Why don't you call for him?"

"???"

After staring blankly for a moment, Evil Sword God couldn't help guffawing. "In the end you really are just a mongrel cultivator, actually selling your friend out so easily... rest assured, I will definitely call for him!"

He could tell that Lord Thunder wasn't lying. The Purple Investigative Demon Eyes could detect subtle changes in the expression on a person's face, so if the other party was lying, he would be able to tell immediately.

He pointed the sword at Lord Thunder. "Rest assured! After I kill you, your friend will accompany you very soon in hell!"

With that, Evil Sword God raised his hand, and as the Heaven-Cleaving sword flew from it, the space around the sword cracked inch by inch!

It was all over...

In the final moments of his life, Lord Thunder felt very calm in his mind.

In the fierce light of the sword, he saw an illusion.

If felt like he saw Wang Ling...

Utterly incapable of withstanding the attack, he couldn't even see the shadow of the Heaven-Cleaving sword...

The next moment, the Heaven-Cleaving sword had pierced him, and the power of Sword Dao exploded in his body, turning it into bloody mist...

"Tch! In in the end you're just a mongrel cultivator! You couldn't even withstand a single blow!"

Evil Sword God sneered and stretched out his hand to call that Brilliant Victory sword to him. When it was in his grasp, he used the Thousand-Li Telepathy Technique to howl, "Wang Ling! Where is mongrel cultivator Wang Ling?! Mongrel cultivator Wang Ling! Come out and face death!"

"Come out and face death..."

"Out and face death..."

"And face death..."

But at this point, the echo was abruptly cut off!

Because in the next moment, Evil Sword God saw a teenager that at some point had appeared and who was now standing opposite him.

Furthermore, without saying anything, this teenager made one move, and instantly appeared right in front of Evil Sword God.

Evil Sword God finally broke out in a cold sweat... because he realized that his Purple Investigative Demon Eyes had been completely unable to catch his movements!

Evil Sword God stared at him. "So you are mongrel..."

Before he could finish, Wang Ling aimed a slap at him.

Evil Sword God sneered. "Hmph! A petty trick!"

He stretched out his arm to ward it off.

However...

The next moment, there was the loud sound of arm bones breaking.

The slap landed with pinpoint accuracy on Evil Sword God's face.

He gave a miserable shriek as he felt unimaginable pain in his face. Blood sprayed from his nose, his teeth were sent flying, and his eyes were as wide as they could go with extreme fear...

He directly turned into a meteor as Wang Ling smacked him down to earth from ten thousand meters up in the air!

Wang Ling's slap didn't make any sense whatsoever...





Chapter 440 When Fighting, Be a Little Less Complicated...


In the instant that Evil Sword God was directly smacked into the ground, a saying came to mind: pushed a third into the ground 1 ...

1(A literal translation of the phrase 入土三分,which is adapted from the phrase 入木三分,which literally translates to 'pushed a third into the wood,' but as a idiom refers to profound knowledge or understanding ..) Wang Ling fixed his gaze on that deep man-shaped depression in the ground, green smoke still wafting from his palm.

Actually, when he had still been at home earlier, he had been aware of feeling a little uneasy; it was a pity that he had been one step too late.

This slap was to teach Evil Sword God a lesson for his arrogance, and Wang Ling hadn't used all of his strength.

That was because Wang Ling thought that this devil dying from just one slap would be going too easy on him...

Wang Ling hovered in the air. When he had slapped Evil Sword God, his intrinsic spirit field had already covered their surroundings at the same time, forming an independent space separated from the real world to prevent bystanders from being swept up in the battle.

Evil Sword God crawled out of the hole with a swollen bleeding face, and it twitched slightly with more shock than anger.

He stared at Wang Ling...

Itinerant Immortal?

No... judging from realm and aura alone, the young man in front of Evil Sword God was indeed without doubt an Itinerant Immortal, but he should definitely be stronger than that.

For a mere Itinerant Immortal to wreck him to this extent with a single slap really wasn't scientific...

Evil Sword God raised his eyes and reached out to stroke his cheek. A purple light glowed in his hand and the swelling on his face was almost instantly healed.

Jumping out of the pit, he looked at his surroundings and found that the landscape had changed. Because of his Purple Investigative Demon Eyes, he was well aware that this wasn't an illusion, but a real scene — that old-fashioned stone sculpture, the dozen or so palm trees clinging stubbornly to life, the school building behind him that looked like it had been renovated many times... everything was without doubt real.

And at that very moment, that youngster who had smacked him into the ground with a single slap appeared on the old stone sculpture to look down on him.

"Discharging an intrinsic spirit field straightaway..." Evil Sword God's eyes darkened; this young mongrel cultivator wasn't as simple as he had expected.

In addition to exhibiting tremendous power beyond his own realm, he could instantly discharge an intrinsic spirit field, something that originally could only be done by True Immortals.

From all of this, it was clear that the youngster's strength was unusual.

"Ah... was I careless?" Thinking this, Evil Sword God clutched his stomach and started to laugh hard as if he had lost his mind.

It had been so many years...

It had already been too long since he had last tasted pain. Wang Ling's slap had roused him, and he could feel the evil in his blood roil incessantly throughout his whole body.

"Mongrel cultivator, well done! You've succeeded in drawing my interest! The junior I killed earlier had the guts to track the sword qi back to me, and I considered it a provocation!"

Evil Sword God held the Brilliant Victory sword in his left hand and the Heaven-Cleaving sword in his right hand. Then he raised his right arm and pointed the sword at Wang Ling. "Since you are his friend and you've shown me great disrespect, you should be punished the same way! Not just you! When I cut you up into eight pieces, I'll steal your soul, and kill your family and friends one by one!"

Hearing this, Wang Ling took a deep breath.

Speaking up to this point, Evil Sword God looked around with considerable disdain and snorted. "Hmph! How can this mere intrinsic spirit field stop me?"

He was very confident and believed that he had just been careless earlier; at that time, he hadn't exhibited any defensive measures and had only used his body to ward off the attack. Due to his inattention, he had suffered a great loss.

Now that he was serious, he felt his evil nature surge up - Wang Ling's slap had roused his battle spirit!

Not only that, he now had both Heaven-Cleaving and Brilliant Victory, the two spirit swords that had both powerful offensive and defensive abilities in the ranking list of spirit swords, which made him even more powerful than before.

"Mongrel cultivator... from the moment I seized this Brilliant Victory sword, the game was already over!"

The next moment, Evil Sword God attacked again!

"Mongrel cultivator, die!"

He moved in a flash like lightning, and even though he was in Wang Ling's intrinsic spirit field, he was still very quick!

With the two swords in hand, he split into a dazzling and dizzying number of clones as he advanced on the old stone sculpture which Wang Ling was standing on.

Looking at this scene, Wang Ling sighed in his heart. He didn't quite understand why the higher a person's realm was nowadays, the more fond they were of performing stunts in battle.

This kind of showy attack style wasn't just a headache; from what Wang Ling could see, it didn't play any key role in reversing the final outcome of the battle.

So, wasn't it fine to be less complicated...

Watching Evil Sword God charge over and split into more and more shadow clones, Wang Ling's eyes remained fixed on the other party's original body.

Then, he raised his hand as he prepared to deliver a second slap...

Hm...

Evil Sword God's original body was getting closer...

The next moment, a figure appeared in front of Wang Ling.

Wang Ling, however, completely ignored it.

His face was indifferent and expressionless.

"Go to hell! Mongrel cultivator!" At this moment, Evil Sword God's original body appeared behind him.

On the old stone sculpture, Wang Ling turned his body...

Bam !

Like playing golf, the second slap landed on Evil Sword God's face with accurate precision once again!

That tremendous force was almost like being crushed under a roller, and half of his face directly caved in.

Wang Ling sent Evil Sword God flying again!

It was a different start but the outcome was still the same; history had a remarkable way of repeating itself...

Evil Sword had already been thrown through the school building in the intrinsic spirit field, Wang Ling's slap sending him smashing directly through a number of classrooms and the toilets in passing in the main building... When he finally flew out, he had a toilet tank on his head.

Wang Ling stared at him, his posture relaxed. He waved his hand and called the two swords next to Evil Sword God to his hands with the Gravitation Spell.

"How is this possible..."

Evil Sword God climbed to his feet on the sports field, his face bloody as he spat out a mouthful of fresh blood.

He had been completely thrashed!

...

Meanwhile, Wang Ling turned his head to look elsewhere in the air.

Lord Thunder, who had been turned into a bloody mist by the power of Sword Dao earlier, was already taking shape once more; even the long johns and the white Daoist robe he had been wearing were perfectly restored. With the extraordinary effects of the Soul Suppression Ring, he was directly resurrected on the spot without a hair out of place!

When Wang Ling had rushed here earlier, he had already sensed that Lord Thunder hadn't really died because he could feel that the spirit sword contract between the Brilliant Victory sword and Lord Thunder had yet to be broken.

Of the ten Soul Suppression Rings which he had refined by referring to Eight Classes of Divine Weapons and using the Great Weapon-Refining Spell, only Lord Thunder's ring was the most unique while the rest were third-class holy weapons on average.

In addition to being able to accommodate a soul space, the most important ability the Soul Suppression Ring had was to preserve a soul and prevent it from dispersing; after two minutes, the soul would act as a foundation for the formation of a new physical body in a resurrection process.

This was a genuine resurrection ring.

The difference was that the third-class Soul Suppression Rings which the others had could only perform resurrections twice.

But the one that Lord Thunder had in his hand was a world-defying magic treasure...

As long as the ring wasn't destroyed...

Theoretically, it could...

Perform unlimited resurrections...





Chapter 441 Cut Him Down!


Returning to the moment when Lord Thunder had been stabbed by the Heaven-Cleaving sword with the power of Sword Dao and had thoroughly exploded into a bloody mist...

In that moment, Lord Thunder thought that it would hurt a lot, but in fact, he actually didn't feel any pain... His physical body was already completely pulverized as the power of Sword Dao pushed through his muscles and veins without even leaving a pulp of flesh behind as he completely disintegrated into a ball of bloody mist.

However, Lord Thunder discovered that his soul was actually intact and flawlessly preserved.

As a soul, he realized he was intangible as he floated in the air. However, the scene before his eyes was still vivid to him.

After Evil Sword God let out a few roars, Wang Ling appeared in the blink of an eye, and with a single slap, had whipped Evil Sword God soundly...

Too strong!

Sure enough, Brother Ling's strength was even more terrifying than he had imagined!

But what was going on here?

Lord Thunder didn't quite understand. Reasonably speaking, the might of the Heaven-Cleaving sword, which could almost be called a divine sword, supported by the power of Sword Dao, would instantly destroy a soul, not to mention a physical body.

But the outcome was contrary to Lord Thunder's expectations as he discovered that his soul wasn't the least bit injured...

Furthermore, after some time, he realized that the bloody mist drifting in the air was actually re-coalescing; his meridians were being reconstructed and his physical body was being reshaped bit by bit as a brand new Lord Thunder came together once more, just like with the legendary Blood Escape Great Spell 1 .

1(A special technique derived from a hidden mission in the Chinese mobile game "AskTao .. ") More than that, even his clothes were restored!

Perfect resurrection?

It was only at this moment that Lord Thunder realized that tremendous spirit power was bubbling forth from the Soul Suppression Ring on the ring finger of his left hand! This was the spirit power generated by the special force of this magic ring that had protected his soul and prevented it from being extinguished by the Heaven-Cleaving sword, thereby allowing his corporeal body to be reformed.

Lord Thunder couldn't help sighing. If this was the extremely inauspicious calamity that was destined to befall him, then the Soul Suppression Ring had helped him successfully overcome it.

People seldom encountered extremely inauspicious calamities in their lifetimes. When they did, the probability of beating the odds could be said to be almost negligible.

This was precisely the reason why when Cheat Diviner Reed had read his fortune, he had thought that there was no hope for Lord Thunder.

It looked like he owed Brother Ling an enormous favor yet again!

After his body was reconstituted and he was completely resurrected, Lord Thunder couldn't help sighing in his heart.

Had it not been for this ring, it was very likely he wouldn't have been able to overcome this calamity.

When he was brought back to life, Evil Sword God had already been directly sent flying by Wang Ling's second slap as he hit the sports field with a boom ; when he had flown out of the school building before that, there had actually been a school toilet tank on his head...

...

Evil Sword God climbed up from the ground; he was shivering all over, and even his knees were trembling uncontrollably.

He was both scared and pissed off...

When had he, Ten-Meter Sword God, ever been humiliated like this?

Not only hadn't he had the strength to retaliate against these two slaps; even his two spirit swords had been seized by the other party. This was absolute humiliation, and for the first time ever, Evil Sword God felt ashamed!

Shivering, he grit his teeth and obstinately stood up. His entire body trembled and he was bleeding from all the seven orifices of his head, dark red blood dripping from the gaps between his teeth... Even his front teeth were gone.

This youngster definitely wasn't just an Itinerant Immortal.

Evil Sword God was already certain on this point.

To inflict this type of damage on him with these two slaps alone, he was absolutely not an ordinary person.

But he was unwilling to admit defeat. He was Evil Sword God, and from the moment he had stepped out into the world, he had struck terror in the heart of society at all levels. No one he wanted to kill had ever escaped him. Had he ever been humiliated like this before?

However, when he saw Lord Thunder, who had already turned into a ball of bloody mist in the air earlier, completely resurrected after his corporeal body reformed, he had a rare shocked expression on his face.

"That's impossible! How can that be!" Evil Sword God grit his teeth. Given the strength of the young man in white, it was absolutely impossible for him to harbor surplus energy for a resurrection technique. His Heaven-Cleaving sword was mixed with the formidable power of Sword Dao, which was a heavenly law among the Three Thousand Great Spells. When its power flowed through a person's body, it was almost on par with divine punishment, and in a blink of an eye, the soul would disintegrate completely, let alone the corporeal body.

This way, nothing was left behind to bury. Evil Sword God didn't know how many people he had killed with this method; as far as he knew, no one had ever survived it.

So...

Who the hell knew what he was experiencing today.

He gazed at Lord Thunder who had been completely resurrected; even his clothes had been perfectly restored, as if time had turned back.

At that moment, Evil Sword God felt very solemn and calm. "No matter what, I must respond with my most powerful technique in this fight; I won't hold back any longer. When shizun Sword Immortal Fan Rui chose Senior Brother Yi Jianchuan as his successor, that was when all my resentment started... All these years, I've been training hard in my sword skills and cultivated Sword Dao. I believe senior brother is already no longer my opponent. However..."

Evil Sword God realized at that very moment that he had run into an even greater challenge than a confrontation with his Senior Brother General Yi Jianchuan.

Everything he had done back then had been purely for the sake of proving his strength. He had killed his shifu and had practiced his sword skills diligently in order to be able to kill his Senior Brother Yi Jianchuan one day in a single move.

But today, it was obvious that he had run into an even greater opponent.

Evil Sword God took a deep breath and quickly calmed his thoughts.

Whatever the case, he had to get serious.

...

Evil Sword God stood up and True Immortal spirit power surged over his entire body to visibly and swiftly heal his injuries.

In a lot of cases when one side was at a disadvantage, especially in combat, many people would choose to take elixirs in order to be able to continue fighting. But Evil Sword God was different as his pride wouldn't allow him to do so.

He thought he was almost invincible in the art of Sword Dao and no one could surpass him in it!

"Sword spirit contract!" He performed hand seals to forcibly control the power of the contract.

The Heaven-Cleaving sword in Wang Ling's hand instantly turned into light particles that re-coalesced in Evil Sword God's hand.

Although Wang Ling had seized the two spirit swords, he hadn't erased the power of their contracts, and Evil Sword God had taken advantage of this fact.

But none of this mattered...

Wang Ling could see that this Evil Sword God was confident in the art of Sword Dao. Since that was the case, he should also use the same art of Sword Dao in a counterattack, and splendidly crush the confidence of this type of person.

"Brother Ling..." Lord Thunder asked, "What should we do now?"

Wang Ling reached out and a space fissure straightaway appeared in the air.

He then directly pulled a peach wood spirit sword out of the fissure...

Without saying anything, Wang Ling directly tossed Jingke into Lord Thunder's hands...

The instant he received Jingke, Lord Thunder's hands trembled.

Go cut him down...

Wang Ling pointed straight at Evil Sword God and spoke telepathically to Lord Thunder.

He didn't say any unnecessary rubbish.

If Lord Thunder couldn't hack him to death... it could be considered his defeat!





Chapter 442 What Does it Feel Like to Hold a Big Shot?


If someone had come over at that moment to ask Lord Thunder: What on earth does it feel like to hold a big shot...?

Lord Thunder would definitely be speechless. Actually, he had wanted to ask Wang Ling before if he could borrow Jingke for a mission. However, after the battle at Immortal Mansion, he had completely given up on the idea.

That battle had ended with a crushing one-sided victory for Jingke... This was a true "bigwig sword."

Holding Jingke at that very moment, Lord Thunder's heart was trembling. "Brother Ling... is this really okay?"

Wang Ling retreated behind him and patted his shoulder gently without saying a word. He then directly returned to the ground, leaving the battle in the air to Lord Thunder and Evil Sword God.

Why wasn't he taking part?

The reason was very simple.

That was because it was Lord Thunder's disastrous fate to encounter Evil Sword God. If he wanted to pass through this calamity, he had to be the one to personally end things himself.

"Brother Ling, I was thinking, maybe we should use a more peaceful way to settle this fight? Like sitting down and having a cup of tea... chat with one another?" There was some helplessness in Lord Thunder's face as he held Jingke... It felt like there had been a sudden change in style these last few days!

To be honest, the moment his fingers had closed around Jingke, he had already known what the outcome of this battle was going to be.

Evil Sword God had mostly recovered from his injuries thanks to the effect of True Immortal spirit power, though the traces of blood at the corners of his mouth had yet to dry.

It could only be said that he was in the end a genuine True Immortal. Even when he was in someone else's intrinsic spirit field, he still had spirit power as boundless as the sea inside him.

A wooden sword?

No... This was definitely a trick!

Looking at the sword in Lord Thunder's hand, Evil Sword God's lips instantly twitched. "Where did your friend get this sword?"

After experiencing those two slaps, Evil Sword God thought he already had an estimate of the boy's strength. When he had watched the boy pull the peach wood sword out of the space fissure earlier, it didn't take a genius to know that this wasn't some ordinary trash.

And as one of Wang Ling's best friends, Lord Thunder knew about Jingke's origin.

The young man in white thought for a moment before replying, "Well... This is a kid's peach wood sword for teaching, bought from the flower and bird market for 998 HNY."

"Mongrel cultivator! Are you making fun of me?" Evil Sword God hovered high in the air, his hand gripping the Heaven-Cleaving sword which was enveloped in demonic purple sword qi.

He pointed the sword in front of him. "Do you know why I was granted the title 'Ten-Meter Sword God'?"

Lord Thunder: "???"

Wang Ling sat cross-legged on the ground in a light and relaxed posture. He folded his arms calmly. He knew everything that was going on in the intrinsic spirit field without needing to look up.

He more or less knew what Evil Sword God wanted to say. Although the latter had already mastered the "Great Sword Dao Spell" and had learned to use the power of Sword Dao, each person's perception of Sword Dao was different.

Ten-Meter Sword God?

Had Evil Sword God mastered a consummate skill of Sword Dao which could kill anyone within ten meters?

Wang Ling cupped his chin and pondered while he watched Evil Sword God laugh wildly. "A True Immortal can mold an intrinsic spirit field into shape, but my intrinsic spirit field is different from theirs: anything that is within a range of ten meters is part of my intrinsic spirit field, constructed with the power of Sword Dao. In other words... As long as I maximize the power of Sword Dao, in close fighting quarters with a range of ten meters, I'm invincible!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Lord Thunder: "..."

The scene fell into silence at this explanation.

Both Wang Ling and Lord Thunder's lips twitched as they felt helpless to ridicule him.

So this was how the title "Ten-Meter Sword God" had come about? What kind of sham was the power of Sword Dao?!

If he was invincible while fighting at close quarters within ten meters, did it mean that they could win as long as they were out of bounds?

"..." Lord Thunder couldn't help wiping at his sweat. As expected, this Evil Sword God wasn't an ordinary person...

On the other side, extremely confident that he was unrivalled in close range combat of ten meters, Evil Sword God pointed the tip of his sword at Lord Thunder. "Don't think of relying on long range attacks to escape. I've cultivated the Teleportation Spell for many years; once the power of Sword Dao is activated, I'll stick to you like glue... No one can escape from me!"

Then he continued in a deep voice, "Today, I'm going to erase both you and your friend! Then I'll pull out your souls to torture you in the most ruthless ways!"

He guessed that the young man in white, who he had killed earlier, might have some kind of resurrection magic treasure on him that could trade a life for a life. It wasn't as if such a magic treasure didn't exist in the cultivation world, but it was almost priceless. The young man had already used it once, thus Evil Sword God was now very sure that as long as this young man in white died one more time like before, there was no way he could be resurrected again.

In this world, how could there be a magic treasure able to resurrect people infinitely? Besides, this man wasn't an Ajin 1 ! Infinite resurrection or whatever didn't exist!

1(From the manga of the same name, Ajins have extreme regenerative abilities that trigger upon death or mortal injury, allowing them to completely recover from their wounds in a matter of seconds.) "Mongrel cultivator, die!" Evil Sword God made a move, and the purple sword qi hovering around the Heaven-Cleaving sword turned into a pillar of qi around it!

The image of a human skeleton coalesced behind Evil Sword God. It was tens ofzhang tall and wearing armor. This was the sword spirit of the Heaven-Cleaving sword!

Wang Ling could tell at a glance that this armor was the power of Sword Dao that had converged together to take this shape.

The sword spirit had appeared, coupled with the armor on this skeleton which combined the power of Sword Dao and True Immortal spirit power... Evil Sword God was already exhibiting the full force of the power of Sword Dao, completely holding nothing back.

But the look on Wang Ling's face didn't change. The moment he had summoned Jingke and tossed it over to Lord Thunder, the game was already over.

"Die!" Evil Sword God clenched his teeth as the power of Sword Dao surged through his body. The air cracked open and collapsed as the space simply wasn't able to endure the mighty oppression of Evil Sword God's power of Sword Dao at one hundred percent.

The hell! What should he do?

Lord Thunder had never seen such a thing before. Given his current realm, it was impossible for him to fight against a True Immortal who was at full strength.

"This is my most powerful attack. Go to hell!" Evil Sword God shouted.

As he wielded the Heaven-Cleaving sword, the sword spirit behind him stretched out its hand to the sky at the same time. Tremendous sword light hovered over the skeleton sword spirit, and this demonic purple sword light turned into a beam of light that launched itself at Lord Thunder with a bang like a cannon.

"Hyper Beam 2 !"

2(Hyper Beam is a powerful Pokemon attack that takes the form of a beam of light ..) In that moment, a gale was stirred up, the space crumbled, and everything in the wake of that beam broke apart. This was an unstoppable force.

Lord Thunder knew that he had the Soul Suppression Ring to protect him and he probably wouldn't be killed, but if that beam of light hit him, he felt that not even a bloody mist would be left behind...

With this beam, there might not even be slag left.

But in the next moment, he realized that his body was actually moving on its own.

"Lord Jingke?"

He was shocked as the bigwig in his hand actually pulled him along as it moved... and dashed forward to meet this Hyper Beam head-on!





Chapter 443 Evil Sword God Doubts Life


Lord Thunder hadn't expected the bigwig in his hand to be so fierce. Although it knew that Evil Sword God was near invincible in a range of ten meters, it still took him flying across the sky.

In contrast to the roiling demonic purple sword qi on the other side, when Jingke moved, easily taking Lord Thunder along with it, there weren't any exaggerated light effects; it was merely covered in a layer of light brown spirit light, just like a Daoist robe to protect the body.

This sword thrust forward in the direction of Evil Sword God's "Hyper Beam," creating an elegant arc in the sky.

Without any gaudy sword skills, a sword and a man gracefully lunged forward just like that.

And when the brown sword qi of the peach wood sword made contact with the Hyper Beam that had been discharged from afar, an amazing thing happened. Like a miracle descending, the brown sword qi which had a distinctly weak appearance split this Hyper Beam, as thick as a qiulong, all the way down the center!

Sky... Sky Flying Immortal 1 ?

1(A sword art practiced by the character Ye Gucheng in the wuxia "Lu Xiaofeng" novel series.) Evil Sword God's complexion turned pale with shock; this move by the young man in white reminded him of a legendary sword art... It was a complex style made simple with small moves that generated large effects, specially used to counter large-scale attacks and able to cancel out a formidable sword technique like the "Hyper Beam"!

But this divine sword art had already vanished earlier on. Whether it was hisshizun Sword Immortal Fan Rui or the Magnificent Immortal's Depository of Buddhist Texts, currently the largest in the cultivation circle, records of this sword art had long disappeared; forget the records, not even an image of the title page existed...

But why was this mongrel cultivator in white able to use it?

Pondering this, Evil Sword God could think of only one possibility, and that was the peach wood sword which the mongrel cultivator in white was holding that was leading him into battle.

If so, a lot of things would make sense.

Evil Sword God exhaled, and the Heaven-Cleaving sword spirit behind him let out a long shrill cry. True Immortal spirit power fluctuated wildly all around them, shaking the school sports field in the intrinsic spirit field and tearing down the dozen or so palm trees. All the windows of the school building shattered, and the entire building collapsed in utter ruin under the violent sound.

Why did every single Almighty who stepped into an arena like to showcase their presence by destroying buildings?!

Holding Jingke, Lord Thunder also sighed in his heart. It was a good thing this was just the intrinsic spirit field modelled on Brother Ling's school.

If this really had been Number 60 High School, the True Immortal roar just now would have finished off all the students and teachers in the school...

"Your friend's spirit sword is actually a little interesting..." Evil Sword God licked his lips, and the demonic purple sword light rendered his long pointed tongue a different color.

"Hehe, I'll let you experience my ten-meter Sword Dao!" Evil Sword God said in a deep voice.

With that, the Heaven-Cleaving sword spirit behind him rose suddenly and sharply, and the skeleton grew to fully twice its size.

Then, Sword Dao gravitational force as powerful as a planet was generated, and runes leapt up to turn into a circle with a ten-meter radius!

In an instant, Lord Thunder could feel a great gravitational force dragging him in, even with the sword.

In a flash, he was pulled into that ten-meter radius Sword Dao circle.

The moment he entered the Sword Dao circle, a ring of light came down to envelop him.

"A depletion ring?" Lord Thunder squeezed his hands and felt a little feeble, but very quickly, brown sword light split away from Jingke's body to weaken this depletion force and make him feel a little more comfortable.

But instead of saying anything, he covered his chest with a petrified expression. "What's this?"

Evil Sword God smiled and said, "This is the holy depletion light carried inside my ten-meter sword circle. How is it? Don't you feel weak? Can't exert your strength? Feel a little like sweating? Even my shizun Fan Rui and Senior Brother Yi Jianchuan experienced the same thing in this circle, what more to say you!"

Lord Thunder: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Jingke: "..."

Evil Sword God: "What? Are you afraid now? If you can't undo my depletion ring, you won't be able to move at all inside my ten-meter sword circle. Of course, I am invincible to begin with!"

But as soon as he said that, Jingke pulled Lord Thunder into making a move once more.

It looked like Lord Thunder was wielding the peach wood sword to draw a six-pointed star in the air. He then recited a spell as he held the sword in his left hand and formed hand seals with his right hand.

Brilliant blue spirit light instantly burst out of the six-pointed star inside the ten-meter sword circle. The air was dotted with stars, as if they were inside a sea of them.

Under the light of these stars, all the depletion effects faded away...

It just looked like a minor spell, but was Evil Sword God greatly shocked. "Nine Heavenly Stars Art 2 ?"

2(This is an outstanding technique mastered by the protagonist of the xuanhuan novel of the same name.) Yet another legendary sword technique...

Evil Sword God narrowed his eyes, his heart greatly shaken. This was a legendary sword technique used to purify DEBUFFs 3 , and which had also been lost...

3("Purify" and "Debuff" are two game terms. A "Debuff" is a status effect that negatively affects a character's performance. "Purify" means to dispel negative effects ..) Actually exhibiting two legendary sword skills one after another?

Evil Sword God suddenly felt a little tired.

"Is this the 'Nine Heavenly Stars Art'?" Evil Sword God asked.

"That's right," Lord Thunder replied. After listening to Wang Ling's telepathic message, he also had a basic understanding of this sword skill. "Also, this sword art is the most advanced of the ninth-class sword arts in the Nine Heavenly Stars Art — Heavenly Body East Art!"

Hearing this, Evil Sword God's face immediately darkened. This was actually the most advanced of the ninth-class sword arts. No wonder it could dispel his holy depletion light so easily...

At this point, he suddenly started to doubt life.

"It's, over, now..." Lord Thunder was holding the peach wood sword.

But at that moment, the voice that came out of his mouth actually wasn't his, but Jingke's.

Eyes shining with brown spirit light, his gaze was fixed on Evil Sword God. "Plebe... Have you, ever seen, a Sword Falling From the Sky?"

...

Wang Ling looked up at the scene.

Just as Evil Sword God had said, everyone understood the "Great Sword Dao Spell" differently and grasped different things about it.

If the Sword Dao attribute that Evil Sword God had grasped was "invincible within ten meters," then the attribute that Wang Ling had grasped was "omniscience." All Sword Dao under heaven was contained in it, and there was no sword skill that Wang Ling didn't know; it was just that he didn't bother to use them in his daily life.

That was because up until now, all the enemies he had encountered could be defeated with his fists and feet alone. In many cases, Wang Ling didn't think it was worthwhile to use weapons...

The "Great Sword Dao Spell" attribute which Wang Ling had was omniscience, and he had long already transmitted through the spirit sword contract all the sword skills that he had mastered to Jingke as his spirit sword.

Of course, this was a legitimate, officially authorized copy, different from the shameless behavior of using some quick video software to steal the background data of other online users.





Chapter 444 A Sword Falling from the Sky...


As Lord Thunder's eyes glowed with brown spirit light, the air around him instantly changed.

Evil Sword God stood inside the ten-meter sword circle, which was supposed to be an invincible field. He had deliberately fused his intrinsic spirit field with his Sword Dao. Although the scope of the intrinsic spirit field was greatly reduced, its advantage was that he wasn't weakened at all by fighting inside someone else's intrinsic spirit field.

So when Wang Ling had activated his intrinsic spirit field, Evil Sword God hadn't been the least bit afraid. The intrinsic spirit field's greatest asset was the home ground battle advantage that could be used to suppress both the enemy's ability to draw on spirit power and the spirit power itself.

Evil Sword God thought he was quite the genius to have thought of combining his intrinsic spirit field with his Sword Dao attribute... At the very least in this ten-meter sword circle, even if he was in someone else's field, he was invincible.

But facing this young man in white now, he was starting to feel the intimidating oppression as he felt stifled by the other party's aura.

"Who the hell are you?" Evil Sword God asked, although he already had his own suspicions.

He suspected that this had to be the sword spirit of the peach wood sword that had taken possession of the body of the young man in white.

But what kind of operation was this?

The legendary union between man and sword?

It felt like the situation was already a little beyond Evil Sword God's understanding.

He felt that there was probably no one else in the world who understood Sword Dao more thoroughly than he did. He wasn't a Venerated Immortal, but he had been able to comprehend the "Great Sword Dao Spell" in advance, had mastered the ten-meter Sword Dao, and had also been talented enough to fuse the "ten-meter Sword Dao" with the "intrinsic spirit field" to create an invincible field.

But this supreme Sword Dao union between man and sword was a fusion technique that was only possible when the rapport between a spirit sword and its master was at its most intimate.

Even now, his own rapport with the Heaven-Cleaving sword was still very weak since it originally hadn't belonged to him and had been something that he had stolen.

Heart full of suspicion, Evil Sword God cast a sidelong glance at the boy on the ground.

This peach wood sword clearly belonged to this youngster... why was it that even his friend could become one with it?

He stared at Wang Ling with clouded eyes. Then, very quickly, the corners of his mouth twitched...

Because he realized that this boy actually wasn't paying any attention at all to the battle in the air; he was actually sitting cross-legged and writing in a book he was holding...

Evil Sword God opened his Purple Investigative Demon Eye and activated the "Looking at the Horizon with One Eye" technique, and then saw the title of the book: On Talismans ...

He could even see the fine print clearly: The Education Department's designated textbook for the high school Dao Talismans course, meticulously compiled by hundreds of experts, a best seller for sixty years...

Evil Sword God's face twitched. "..."

Just then in front of him, he saw a flash of light in the hand of the young man in white, who had already been possessed by the sword spirit of the peach wood sword. The sword turned into light particles before dissipating altogether.

This was the true union between man and sword.

When a man and sword were one, the sword body would disappear in fusion with the person. The man's body would be the hilt and his hands the blade, and sword qi would permeate his entire being.

The ten-meter sword circle should have originally been his own invincible field, but Evil Sword God was aghast to realize that the situation was now reversed.

After the young man in white and the sword had become one, the brown sword qi coming off his body was extremely frightening, like a monarch god holding all the power. Anywhere that sword qi was, the purple sword qi of the Heaven-Cleaving sword purple would retreat.

It was simply impossible to think of this situation in a normal way, because it didn't conform to common sense at all.

His ten-meter sword circle was a tried and tested technique, set up with the power of Sword Dao. However, in today's duel, he had the feeling that the power of Sword Dao which he was so proficient in didn't seem to be listening to his commands...

Most frightening of all was the tremendous pressure he was feeling... He had been floating inside his ten-meter sword circle for a very long time and hadn't moved, not because he was playing at being aloof.

Instead, it was because he couldn't move at all.

"Plebe..." Jingke's voice sounded from Lord Thunder's body.

Hands behind his back, Lord Thunder was enveloped in the brown sword light from top to bottom. Even in the ten-meter sword circle, his aura was crushing.

Evil Sword God was petrified; this sound actually made fear well up from the depths of his soul.

His back was instantly covered in cold sweat which soaked his Daoist robe so that it stuck to him.

He couldn't even speak, and could only use the sword spirit contract to order the Heaven-Cleaving sword's skeleton sword spirit to be his mouthpiece.

The skeleton sounded like an envoy of hell as it spoke in a very deep voice, "Who are you?"

"Ling, dislikes, trouble. Have to, solve this, quickly..."

Jingke replied in Lord Thunder's body, completely ignoring the other party's question.

The next moment, Lord Thunder took one step and the ground shook. In a split second, the space inside the ten-meter sword circle actually started to collapse inch by inch and all the evil sword qi disappeared as if it had been purified.

Both the skeleton sword spirit and Evil Sword God were dumbfounded.

With one step, his ten-meter Sword Dao had crumbled, just like that.

No, rather than 'crumbled,' Evil Sword God felt that 'rendered void' was a better term for it.

What manner of thing was the sword spirit of this peach wood sword?

Evil Sword God frowned deeply. The power of Sword Dao that he was the most proud of had actually been rendered utterly ineffective in front of him. The most terrifying thing, furthermore, was that until now, he still hadn't been able to figure out the sword spirit's origin.

The human race had always been a species that feared the unknown.

True Immortals were no exception.

Evil Sword God thought that he had already reached the pinnacle of Sword Dao in this world, but Jingke's appearance had turned his mind into a complete state of disarray.

For the first time ever, there was a look of terror in his eyes. He was uneasy and couldn't calm down.

The last time he had been this agitated was when he had killed his shifu , Sword Immortal Fan Rui...

Why?

In the last few centuries, he had relied on his strength to prove that he was the ultimate master of Sword Dao, but why had a person who "broke the rules" suddenly appeared? This boy doing exercise questions on the ground, and the unknown sword spirit who recognized him as its master — who the hell were they?!

Evil Sword God felt that this was an operation even more staggering than the bunch of Nanhan bangzi 1 acting like slags in the ice rink and rashly penalizing competitors from other countries while their own won by force 2 ...

1('Bangzi' is Chinese slang traditionally used a s a particular ethnic slur.)

2(An obvious jab at the results of the 2018 Pyeongchang Olympic results for women's speed skating.) Nowadays... were there really referees who didn't return to the bench 3 ?

3(China appealed the penalty, but were declined because it didn't happen within 30 minutes of the end of the game. However, the Chinese coach said that it was because the referees had still been in a meeting that the appeal wasn't submitted in time..) The ten-meter sword circle had been rendered void and the skeleton sword spirit's figure had also returned to its normal size.

"It's, over..."

In the next instant, Evil Sword God watched in alarm as that young man in white disappeared in a flash before his eyes.

Where was he?

Evil Sword God was nervous because his Purple Investigative Demon Eye had yet to detect Jingke.

At that moment, there was a resounding boom, and a figure dropped from above with tremendous pressure!

This was... `

The Sword Falling From the Sky?

At that moment, Evil Sword God suddenly remembered what the unknown sword spirit had said after the body possession...





Chapter 445 Jingke's Ultimate Move


High up in the air, Jingke hovered inside Lord Thunder's body at a height of ten thousand meters, enveloped in a brown sword light from head to toe.

Tremendous pressure fell from the sky, instantly imprisoning Evil Sword God and preventing him from casting any spells!

Evil Sword God was extremely shocked. He hadn't expected this Sword Falling From the Sky to actually be able to seal his spirit at the same time.

As Jingke dove swiftly through the air toward the ground, the pressure on Evil Sword God also increased.

After Jingke dropped from ten thousand to five thousand meters, not only was Evil Sword God unable to cast spells, he was unable to withstand the pressure, and his entire body was directly hammered into the ground, splayed out like a toad.

His head, four limbs and torso - every part of his body was firmly pressed down. Evil Sword God couldn't remember when was the last time he had kissed the ground like this...

The ground began to crack with him at the center.

Evil Sword God couldn't breathe as his entire body sank deep into the earth like he was stuck in a swamp and was sinking down bit by bit.

...Was he actually going to lose?

Evil Sword God was completely unable to move. If it hadn't been for the Heaven-Cleaving sword's sword spirit protecting him, his end might have been an even more wretched one.

What kind of pressure was this?

It was an overwhelming sense of oppression that even True Immortals found hard to bear...

The sword spirit of the Heaven-Cleaving sword was also pressed to the ground like a toad. A master and a servant in the same pose looked very funny.

Evil Sword God couldn't speak and could only communicate telepathically. He was so nervous that even his chuuni tone disappeared. "Heaven-Cleaving! What on earth is this sword spirit..."

The skeleton sword spirit: "I also don't know!"

Evil Sword God: "..."

As they were talking, the armor on the skeleton sword spirit that had initially been created through a gathering of the power of Sword Dao also started to fracture inch by inch under this devastating attack.

Four thousand meters...

Three thousand meters...

Two thousand meters...

The pressure continued to increase...

By the time it was about a thousand meters from the ground, Evil Sword God and his sword spirit had already sunk several dozen meters into the earth.

They were completely unable to move. Evil Sword God clenched his teeth and split the power of his Purple Investigative Demon Eye in order to share his sword spirit's sight through the sword spirit contract.

At that moment, his Purple Investigative Demon Eye took a panoramic view of the sky.

Evil Sword God felt that this was a scene he would never ever forget.

Under the blue dome of heaven, that unknown sword spirit in the body of the young man in white demonstrated a Sword Falling From the Sky... at that moment, it transformed into a gigantic, dark gold sword of light which descended from the sky like a divine emperor, covering everything with destructive pressure!

As this tremendous sword of light fell, the intrinsic spirit field space started to collapse around it.

However, Wang Ling's intrinsic spirit field's ability to restore itself was really too strong. The destructive power of this tremendous sword of light was devastating, but the intrinsic spirit field's ability to restore itself was just about on par with it. Wang Ling could thus contain the sword of light's destructive power inside the intrinsic spirit field without affecting the real world.

Otherwise, the power of this sword...

Would wipe out the whole of Songhai city.

Absolute suppression!

Absolute seal on the spirit!

It was impossible to resist...

With the help of the Purple Investigative Demon Eye's ability to share sight, the skeleton sword spirit finally saw the sword's origin. While his face couldn't exhibit expressions, his sweat flowed uncontrollably as he communicated telepathically to Evil Sword God, "World-Annihilating Sword..."

Evil Sword God looked like he had eaten divine shit. "World... World, World, World-Annihilating Sword?!"

The skeleton sword spirit was full of despair. "Lord Sword, it's over for us... Don't play with echoes at a time like this..."

Evil Sword God: "I was stuttering!"

The skeleton sword spirit: "..."

It was clear that both this master and servant never expected to actually provoke such an existence...

World-Annihilating Sword...

This didn't have to do with attributes, but was about the supreme profound truth of the Great Sword Dao Spell!

Furthermore, the skeleton sword spirit could think of only one person in the world, apart from the creator of the Three Thousand Great Spells, who could use the Great Sword Dao Spell's power of Sword Dao at this level...

Could it be...

At this moment, the skeleton sword spirit "Heaven-Cleaving" broke out in a genuine cold sweat. "His Majesty..."

He didn't even dare utter the name, because it was taboo for all sword spirits.

The power of the World-Annihilating Sword was unstoppable... the Heaven-Cleaving sword spirit could sense its destruction getting closer and closer.

In less than ten seconds, both he and Evil Sword God would be annihilated in this place.

The power of the World-Annihilating Sword was a supreme profound truth strong enough to withstand world-defying magic weapons and divine weapons!

Each of the Three Thousand Great Spells possessed a profound truth, but only a very few beings could use them. In a flash, thoughts flew through the Heaven-Cleaving sword spirit's mind.

That was His Majesty!

The embodiment of the Great Sword Dao Spell, the Lord of sword spirits... the Heaven-Cleaving sword spirit had completely never imagined that His Majesty would actually acknowledge a boy as his master.

He remembered that overwhelming scene of dominance when the boy had sent Evil Sword God flying with two slaps...

The Heaven-Cleaving sword spirit felt that he had miscalculated, and should have put a stop to this battle earlier on.

But now he had no other options. As a sword spirit, his job was to guard his master... No matter how wicked his master was or what sort of sins he had committed, he had to observe the essence of the spirit sword contract.

In the split second that the World-Annihilating Sword was about to hit, the Heaven-Cleaving sword spirit's skeleton body activated the "guardian spirit blade" condition in the spirit sword contract.

The Heaven-Cleaving sword spirit was well aware that Evil Sword God would certainly perish under this sword attack, but if he sacrificed his life to protect his master, there was still a chance that his master might survive.

They didn't have much time left at present. At this critical moment, the Heaven-Cleaving sword spirit didn't hesitate at all.

It was just trading one life for another. As a sword spirit, Heaven-Cleaving was abiding by the contract. He didn't think he was doing anything wrong.

Because of the spirit sword contract, the moment the Heaven-Cleaving sword made his decision, Evil Sword God already knew what he was planning to do.

"Heaven-Cleaving..."

Although he had seized this sword from his shifu , they had in the end been together for a hundred years, so feelings had long developed between them.

The second before the "World-Annihilating Sword" hit, Evil Sword God's thick eye shadow and the sinister pattern of lines that stretched from his nape to down his back faded...

Master and servant closed their eyes to receive the punishment from the World-Annihilating Sword.

However, the expected pain didn't come.

When the tremendous sword of light landed, it did so without sound or even any explosive effects.

Wang Ling closed On Talismans and stood up from the ground. He patted the dust off his clothes. A strong wind brushed over his black-and-white short-sleeved shirt, exposing his bright and clean collarbone.

The effects of the World-Annihilating Sword could be subdivided into various types. One was world-annihilating punishment, which was a great killer move that could truly destroy everything. Another was world-annihilating purification, which could strip away the power of Sword Dao...

Because of the sword spirit's loyalty to its master, Wang Ling had ultimately decided to be lenient; he felt that stripping Evil Sword God of the power of Sword Dao that he was so proud of was already the best punishment for him.

And Jingke abided by Wang Ling's will...

...

Later, when Lord Thunder recovered, he found himself at the edge of a deep pit in the center of the intrinsic spirit field.

Taking a look, he saw the master and sword duo of Evil Sword God and the Heaven-Cleaving sword spirit folded over each other inside.

Lord Thunder: "Yooooo..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Lord Thunder looked at Wang Ling behind him and said, "Brother Ling, what should we do now?"

Wang Ling: "..."

What else could they do?

Call Zhuo Yi...





Chapter 446 An Old Immortal Shoulders Responsibility, Magic Without End0


0(This is derived from a meme 旭东老仙,法力无边 which loosely translates to Old Immortal Xudong, Magic Without End. Huang Xudong is a Chinese esports commentator; for some reason, anything or anybody he's optimistic ends up failing abysmally, so people joke that he has very strong poison magic.) When Jingke had possessed his body, it wasn't like Lord Thunder hadn't felt anything. In that instant, it had almost been like using the same body as a big shot - this kind of feeling was too wonderful to be able to describe in detail.

In any case, he felt that he had gotten stronger!

Through this event, Lord Thunder had a new and more refined understanding of what "strength" meant... it turned out that you could become stronger without needing to go bald 1 ! As long as you grasped a big gun, you had nothing to fear!

1(This is a reference to the Japanese comic and cartoon series "One Punch Man." After intensive training, the protagonist becomes the strongest person in the world, but at the cost of all his hair ..) When Jingke had finally deployed the "World-Annihilating Sword" in Lord Thunder's body, the latter had been intimidated by the sword's effect.

The supreme profound truth of Sword Dao rivalled a blow of heavenly punishment... Who could endure it?

Although this wasn't a technique he had deployed with his own power, Lord Thunder felt that for his body to be used to discharge this heaven-defying profound truth of Sword Dao in this lifetime, even if it might have cost him his life, was the height of satisfaction. That was because deploying the "World-Annihilating Sword" as a profound truth of Sword Dao had never been something he had ever considered for himself in theory...

Thus, the taste of the battle just now still lingered with Lord Thunder.

Very few people in their lifetimes would have this type of opportunity to be possessed by a big shot for battle, but as long as they chanced upon it, they were certain to gain immeasurable benefits.

In terms of Sword Dao, Lord Thunder was only a minor cultivator to begin with, and his specialty was actually secret weapons and physical attacks.

But this time, Jingke had possessed his body and had performed some crazy, heavy duty operations in it... Even though Jingke had already left his body, the memory still remained.

If he went and studied this memory carefully later on, it would be of great help in improving his Sword Dao techniques.

Furthermore, it was very likely that his proficiency and various skills in Sword Dao would surpass his major cultivation of secret weapons and physical attacks within a short period of time.

In a situation of equal strength, a secret weapon was indeed a good technique because it could both attack and defend and even create an unexpected outcome in battle.

But in a crushing situation like today's, his Skybomb Grenades simply hadn't been enough.

This was the limitation of using secret weapons...

Lord Thunder stood at the edge of the deep pit and cupped his chin as he pondered.

A review in the aftermath of a battle was an absolute must!

In today's era of peace, how many battles could they fight?

The scene in front of his eyes dissipated, and the master and servant duo who had been folded over each other in the pit reappeared on the ground in the real world.

Lord Thunder knew that Wang Ling had already canceled the intrinsic spirit field.

He looked around and realized that that they were in quite a remote location, next to a mountain road on the outskirts.

They had actually been fighting in a place like this...

Thankfully, there was no sign of human habitation here. Furthermore, when Evil Sword God had passed through here earlier, all electronic equipment had been destroyed by that demonic sword qi.

Wang Ling had already sent Zhuo Yi a text message, and at that moment, the latter was rushing over as fast as he could. Lord Thunder was waiting by the side of the mountain road to deal with the aftermath.

Ten-odd seconds later, the Heaven-Cleaving sword's skeleton sword spirit disappeared; after that big battle just now, his spirit power had been exhausted and he could no longer maintain his virtual state.

As for Evil Sword God, Lord Thunder wasn't worried about him at all.

All his power of Sword Dao had been taken away by the World-Annihilating Sword, and the sword's seal on Evil Sword God's spirit would remain in effect for a very, very long time.

Lord Thunder turned around to cup his fists as he thanked Wang Ling. "Brother Ling, it was thanks to you..."

But before he could finish his sentence, Wang Ling's figure turned into a breeze that then dissipated...

Lord Thunder: "???"

At this time, a figure approached the scene from not very far away. Lord Thunder gazed in its direction with delight.

Lord Thunder: "Brother Er Ha, why is it you?"

Er Ha replied, "My little master is doing revision, so he had me come take a look. This place is too remote; I was only able to find it after following your scent for a while."

"Revision?"

Lord Thunder was dazed. "Then the one who was here before..."

Er Ha: "Of course it was my little master's clone!"

"..."

Lord Thunder couldn't help wiping at his sweat.

Too brutal... Although Evil Sword God had been defeated by that final move from the World-Annihilating Sword...

The two slaps which Wang Ling had dealt him had been very real.

Just a clone...

Had thrashed Evil Sword God to an inch of his life with mere slaps...

And activated an intrinsic spirit field in passing...

As expected, the most abnormal person around him was Brother Ling!

Too frightening...

Looking at Evil Sword God lying on the ground, Er Ha also felt a little terrified.

On the way here earlier, it had used the ability to share sight through the soul pet contract to watch the scene.

Then, it had seen a massive sword of light thrusting down at Evil Sword God's head.

The World-Annihilating Sword...

Er Ha felt that a Sword Dao fanatic like Evil Sword God should probably be content even in death to be stabbed by this kind of technique.

It sighed and looked around. "Tch, it's a bit dark around here..." Furthermore, the location was a little remote. It was a little worried about Zhuo Yi smoothly finding his way here.

Lord Thunder looked at Er Ha and said, "It's not too bad. When Evil Sword God's demonic nature flared up earlier, all the electronic products nearby were destroyed, but now that Brother Er Ha is here, we can use you as lighting."

Er Ha: "???"

Lord Thunder: "Brother Er Ha, haven't you realized?"

Er Ha: "Realized what?"

Lord Thunder: "Your dog fur is fluorescent!"

Er Ha: "..."

...

Meanwhile, about half an hour after the accident, Zhuo Yi arrived at Lord Thunder's location.

The street lights along the mountain road had already all been destroyed; it was all a vast darkness as far as the eye could see.

In fact, as early as roughly two hours ago, Songhai city's emergency center had been flooded with consecutive reports from the public.

They claimed that there was a widespread blackout in their area and that all of their electronic products weren't working.

At that time, Zhuo Yi had already had a bad feeling.

After that, more reports were phoned in claiming that someone was throwing out smoke bombs high in the air above Songhai city, covering the sky in roiling dense fog for thousands of miles. Although this dense fog had flowed in from the outskirts, it was still quite troublesome to deal with - since no one knew exactly what the fog was made of, traffic police patrolling the air didn't dare approach it at all.

At the moment, the area with the dense fog had already been sealed off and no one was allowed to approach it as an emergency evacuation was carried out.

In the evening, Zhuo Yi's WeChat Moments was very lively. Warden Liang from Songhai First Prison as well as the cultivation police chiefs and deputy chiefs of the different districts sent in complaints one after another...

As Zhuo Yi consoled them in WeChat Moments, he was also making his own guesses.

He speculated that this evening's series of events were probably all related.

After going through several major incidents, it felt like Zhuo Yi could now sense in advance when one was about to happen; he would feel muddleheaded and uneasy the whole day...

He had been feeling this way since this morning! Furthermore, it had been a very strong feeling!

So that evening, Zhuo Yi didn't leave work for a very long time as he sat in his office at Songhai's General Administration of 100 Schools and quietly monitored the activity in his WeChat Moments.

Sure enough, not long after that series of reports had been phoned in...

He saw a text message from his shifu Wang Ling.





Chapter 447 Guys Who Have to Make Up Homework, You're Running Out of Time!


The large-scale blackout in the area and all types of electronic equipment malfunctioning were acts of God; as Zhuo Yi sped to the scene, he scrolled through online comments which were full of laments.

There was no helping it; the government of Songhai city would have to provide unavoidably large compensation since the people couldn't suffer losses for no reason at all.

But at the same time, Zhuo Yi was very curious to know what on earth had happened that could create such an impact.

Deputy Director Zhong Lang and Zhuo Yi were sitting in the car as the master driver drove them closer and closer to their destination, which was the location Wang Ling had sent earlier. "Brother Zhuo, what's happened this time?"

"Something big... You'll know once we get there," Zhuo Yi answered cryptically.

But based on the signs, Zhuo Yi felt that it was most likely "a fight between immortals," and the man whom his shifu had defeated this time was probably a fairly remarkable person.

Zhong Lang pursed his lips. "But logically speaking, this doesn't involve schools or their students... aren't we overstepping a boundary if we get involved like this? What if the other departments report us?"

"Don't panic." Zhuo Yi shook his head and said, "First of all, this incident definitely has an impact on school students."

Zhong Lang: "???"

Zhuo Yi: "It's almost time for the midterm exams, and the kids have to do their revision but can't, given this widespread blackout! I actually already received a lot of complaints over the phone at the office earlier. As guardians who care about the learning and growth of the young sprouts of the motherland, we should verify what has happened for the sake of these kids!"

Zhong Lang was taken aback. "..." He could follow this reasoning - but the point was that he had taken a look at the school forums and message boards just now, and all the children had been cheering. A lot of homework now had to be completed on the computer. What did a large-scale blackout mean?

For a lot of students, their first reaction definitely wasn't regret that they couldn't complete their homework; instead, they rejoiced that they didn't have to hand in their homework the following day!

"As for the complaints you mentioned..." Speaking up to this point, Zhuo Yi fell silent.

He knew that the complaints Zhong Lang had brought up definitely existed.

Zhuo Yi's rise in popularity had been meteoric because of his involvement in various major incidents in these two months.

Major newspapers fell over themselves to report news on him and his relevant achievements. There would be an article almost every two days; basically, they never stopped.

Furthermore, Zhuo Yi's position was related to education, which was a field that needed news brimming with positive energy and worthy role models. Nowadays, people scrambled to turn one or two of the better-looking older brothers and sisters in the various frontier defense troops, the army barracks, and the traffic police brigades into headlines or hot search topics, amply motivating citizens to join the army.

In the same way, Secretary Dakang, the top leader in the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools, thought that the field of education should also have a representative to be promoted and publicized as a spokesperson for education.

And Zhuo Yi was a great frontman...

What was more, he was actually pretty good-looking.

Although he couldn't compare with film celebrities, he had a fair face and a scholarly air that was pure, natural and uncontaminated.

In a government organizational structure like theirs, competition in the same field was very fierce, even if you weren't in the same department. When you were in the heart of things, there were always envious people who wanted to drag you down.

But Zhuo Yi had always felt that something like reporting a complaint made sense since it could be considered a form of competitive behavior; it was just a little underhanded.

Zhuo Yi sighed and then smiled. "There will definitely be complaints, but they will basically all be intercepted and won't be delivered."

Zhong Lang: "Ah? But two days ago, I received a lot..."

Zhuo Yi: "That was arranged by Secretary Dakang. All the letters of complaint at the head office are ultimately forwarded to us. Secretary Dakang said that they're for internal consideration, and that this is also a process of self-learning and self-reflection."

It turned out that this issue had already long been addressed!

"..." Zhong Lang was suddenly enlightened.

Three huge phrases appeared in his mind: "bigwig,""society," and "can't be provoked"...

...

The car slowly approached their destination. The mountain road was a little more remote, and while the driver had in fact already arrived at the approximate location, it still took a very long time to get there.

Of course, the reason why they were ultimately able to find Lord Thunder and the others without a hitch was completely thanks to Er Ha's remarkable fluorescent green dog fur.

In the pitch-black darkness, it looked green and lush from a distance, and was eye-catching and pleasing to look at.

The car's headlights were pointed at the scene of the crime, which caused Er Ha's eyes to feel uncomfortable. It simply went directly to Lord Thunder and hid behind him; when it realized that there were other people besides Zhuo Yi who had come, it was instantly wary.

"Hello, Senior Immortal!" Zhuo Yi and Zhong Lang got out of the car, and Zhuo Yi stepped forward to give his greetings.

It was only at this moment that Zhong Lang realized that the tipster for this incident this time was actually the famous "Great Death-Courting Senior" of the cultivation circle; Zhong Lang now understood why this incident could create such a huge disturbance!

Lord Thunder responded with a fist salute. "Hello, Brother Zhuo Yi, we'll have to trouble you again this evening."

Zhuo Yi: "Senior Immortal, there's no need to be polite. I've long become used to it..."

Er Ha: "..."

Zhong Lang: "..."

Zhuo Yi: "But Senior Immortal, is it possible for you to tell us what on earth happened?" Earlier, Wang Ling had just informed him about this location, so Zhuo Yi wasn't very clear on the exact details of the entire situation.

Lord Thunder pointed at the young man lying on the ground. "See this person? His origin is very unusual, but he is in no way inferior to the old devil as a first-class criminal. He has committed countless sins, has skills more profound than even the old devil's, and has a very deep relationship with General Yi."

When Zhuo Yi and Zhong Lang heard this, their complexions turned pale.

To be associated with the Ten Founding Generals - it was very clear how deep the waters ran behind all this.

Moreover, the one thing that greatly surprised Zhuo Yi and Zhong Lang was that this young man's skills were more profound than the old devil's?

Zhuo Yi sucked in a sharp breath of air. "Senior Immortal... is this person at peak True Immortal level?"

Lord Thunder nodded. "That's right, Furthermore, he has already cultivated a Heavenly Dao..."

Although, your shifu confiscated it...





Chapter 448 Gathering of Bigwigs in Songhai Prison


Cultivated a Heavenly Dao...

Zhuo Yi and Zhong Lang were stupefied.

Although they were only at the Golden Core stage, that didn't mean that they didn't know what a 'Heavenly Dao' implied.

It was something which pertained to the principles of Taoism and which a person could touch only after reaching True Immortal level. Even for many Soul Formation cultivators it was a very distant thing, what more for the two of them.

Gazing at the young man lying on the ground, Zhuo Yi then looked around and realized that his shifu Wang Ling wasn't there.

However, it was indeed shifu who had sent him the coordinates of this location earlier.

So Zhuo Yi made a quick deduction.

According to what Lord Thunder had said before, if this young man was a True Immortal big shot and had cultivated a Heavenly Dao, there was no way Lord Thunder could have dealt with him given his current strength. Thus, it was very likely that it was shifu who had defeated the young man and left this place, leaving Lord Thunder behind to coordinate the aftermath...

Zhuo Yi knew that his shifu was a man who liked to keep a low profile, so every time he cleaned up some evil force, he would immediately call Zhuo Yi to deal with the aftermath and then push all the credit onto him.

But here was the problem now...

This was a True Immortal big shot. Even if he, Zhong Lang and Lord Thunder had run into this type of big shot cultivator together, wouldn't they all be killed with just one slap?!

Zhuo Yi looked at the young man on the ground and had a slight headache.

Hm...

He really couldn't carry this wok 1 !

1(A reminder that 'to carry a wok on the back' is to take the fall or be a scapegoat for something..) If he was going to shoulder this wok, then he should do it in a scientific way...

Zhuo Yi remembered when the Master of Immortal Mansion had been arrested previously. Although the other party was an Itinerant Immortal, it was fortunate that a lot of top experts from the chat group had joined forces to surround and defeat him. Although their strength did appear to be on different levels, at least it wasn't too conspicuous a gap.

But now, a True Immortal big shot had been defeated just like that. To be beaten solely through the joint efforts of the three people present... This reason might not be convincing enough.

"Brother Zhuo, what are you worried about?" Zhong Lang asked.

"I was thinking that it indeed wouldn't be appropriate for our involvement in this matter to be made public," Zhuo Yi said with his chin in his hand. "Hm... Little Zhong, contact Warden Liang for me and have him deal with this."

Zhong Lang nodded obediently. "Very well, Brother Zhuo!"

"Brother Zhuo Yi, to be able to arrest such a vicious criminal can be considered an unparalleled achievement. Why would you push it onto someone else?" Lord Thunder smiled.

Zhuo Yi sighed. "This wok is too heavy..."

Lord Thunder: "..."

In fact, to put it bluntly, the issue was the difference in realms.

Zhuo Yi was actually a pretty self-aware person. There were some things he could take credit for, but some he couldn't. The moment he was half as strong as shifu , he would put that wok down... But for now, he still felt he was weak.

"But by the way, Senior Immortal, I don't sense any spirit energy from this person. Is he really that strong?" Zhuo Yi asked.

Lord Thunder: "Brother Zhuo Yi, there's nothing to worry about. This man's spirit has been sealed, and he is now no different to a regular person. You can arrest him without worry, but if you're really uneasy, you can apply to your higher-ups to use Spirit Shackles. In addition, I suggest it would be best for you to get in touch with General Yi about this incident."

Zhuo Yi nodded. "I'll do as Senior Immortal says!"

After all, this involved the Ten Founding Generals, so he had to be cautiously prudent.

"But Senior Immortal, come to think of it... who exactly is this person?"

"Ten-Meter Sword God, Chen Nanxuan. He calls himself Evil Sword God."

Zhuo Yi and Zhong Lang had enlightened expressions on their faces. "Is that right..."

Lord Thunder was very surprised. "Have you heard of him?"

Zhuo Yi: "No..."

Lord Thunder: "..."

Actually, it made sense that they didn't know Evil Sword God.

After all, it had been a very long time ago, and furthermore, Evil Sword God's identity was directly related to General Yi.

Therefore, although the higher-ups had dispatched people all this time to secretly look for traces of Evil Sword God, whatever news that might have been leaked by the media as well as news reports related to Evil Sword God back then had all been frozen.

Lord Thunder believed that if he went to the library now, that newspaper that had published Evil Sword God's deeds would definitely no longer be there.

Zhuo Yi and Zhong Lang were very young, so it was in fact normal for them not to know him.

Moreover, Lord Thunder felt that even if Evil Sword God was brought up in the chat group, not many people would be able to say much about him. Had it not been for Daoist Guang's personal clash with Evil Sword God back then, the only clue Lord Thunder was able to obtain on him would have been limited to just that newspaper.

However, after today's incident, Lord Thunder was starting to gain a new understanding on the gap between realms.

Evil Sword God was really too ferocious. If Daoist Guang hadn't been a True Immortal at the time, he might not have been able to escape his death.

By the time Warden Liang arrived, it was already close to ten o'clock.

After that, Lord Thunder and Zhuo Yi were busy handling the incident with Evil Sword God until after midnight.

...

Songhai First Prison.

Warden Liang sent Evil Sword God there that very night. That was because after his spirit had been sealed off by the "World-Annihilating Sword," Evil Sword God had been unconscious since then.

Warden Liang straightaway put him in Spirit Shackles and sent him to the special prison cell.

After the cell door opened, two prison guards carried Evil Sword God inside. Following behind them, Warden Liang couldn't help sighing in his heart. It had barely been a few short months and this was already the third one...

He looked at Devil Emperor Gua Pi and the Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu, who were sitting in meditation...

Hm, they had caught a fatan 2 , and then a marksman, and now this newly arrested warrior... Damn! Their battle team lineup was almost complete!

2(A reminder that this is the Chinese term used for game characters strong enough to resist any damage to themselves ..) Warden Liang thought he could probably apply for funding assistance to expand the special prison cell.

The old devil and Cheng Yu, the Master of Immortal Mansion, were still in the trial period. While it looked as if it had been a long time since they were captured, it actually hadn't been two months since both of them had gone to prison one after another. They had yet to be fully rehabilitated, and already a new prisoner had arrived.

"Old Liang, who is this person?" The old devil looked up and sneered when he saw that a new person had been brought in again.

He was still using Jiang Liuyue's body. When he spoke, his old voice coming out of that body was jarring.

But that couldn't be helped since the old devil was wearing Spirit Shackles, and with his spirit sealed, it was impossible to swap the bodies back.

Furthermore, the higher authorities were afraid something might happen if the seal was lifted and the old devil was placed in an artificially made body, so he had to put up with this for now; as for the Master of Shadow Stream, Jiang Liuyue, her soul had already been transferred from the stone ghost mask to an artificial body, and she would also be placed inside this special cell very soon.

This battle team lineup would have an assassin right away...

"No comment for the time being... But I advise you not to provoke him." Warden Liang raised his hand and had Evil Sword God placed on a vacant bunk.

"You two, behave yourselves!"

Then he left with the prison guards, and the cell door slammed tightly shut with a loud bang.

...

Two minutes later...

Cheng Yu raised his head and looked at the old devil next to him. "What do you say, Devil Emperor?"

The old devil chuckled. "Of course wake him up..."

Initiation was an essential part of the process for every "newbie" that entered prison.

Evil Sword God was still unconscious when two figures approached him from both sides in the special cell.

Then, two crisp " pa pa " sounds could be heard.

Evil Sword God was slapped twice once again...





Chapter 449 Responsibility... Shows up on Its Own!


Evil Sword God might have been captured, but the incident was suppressed in the end given his identity. As for the unusual large-scale blackout and the malfunctioning electronic equipment in the area, Songhai city's Electricity Department ultimately took responsibility for it. A notice about the accident was posted the following day which explained that it had happened because of faulty equipment; in the end, only those who had been personally involved knew what had actually happened.

That night, not long after Evil Sword God was detained, Zhuo Yi received two phone calls.

The first was from his old leader, Secretary Dakang.

"Hello, Little Zhuozi..."

Zhuo Yi had already gone from being overwhelmed at hearing the old secretary's intimate address in the beginning to being completely used to it.

Zhuo Yi nodded. "Yes, it's me, secretary."

On the other end of the phone, Secretary Dakang said in a somewhat meaningful tone, "I've always thought since before that you have experts hiding around you... Hehe , you've completely exposed yourself when catching this Evil Sword God this time."

Zhuo Yi's mind went blank when he heard this; if shifu knew that he hadn't taken responsibility for this incident, he would definitely hate him!

"Secretary Dakang, it's not like that..."

Zhuo Yi was about to explain when Secretary Dakang's voice came over the phone. "Don't be afraid," he said. As long as you're dedicated to society, I don't care whether you have one expert or two experts around. But for that senior you invited to be able to catch Evil Sword God, his strength is certainly not ordinary. Perhaps he is in no way weaker than me or Old Yi."

"Secretary, I..."

"It's fine, you don't have to explain. I understand you."

On the other end of the line, Secretary Dakang nodded slightly and said slowly, "Everyone has secrets; no one can live without them. You bring honor to our education field and you are now a role model for all children. I have to thank you for that... Later, if you get a call from Old Yi, you can straightaway direct him to me and say that I was the one who invited the senior behind you so that he doesn't start talking behind your back..."

"..." Listening over the phone, Zhuo Yi suddenly felt a little addled.

Something that had seemed impossible to explain had actually been inexplicably resolved?

"Given Old Yi's character, I'm guessing that once he finds out about this, he'll definitely make the trip to Songhai city, and will even call you. What's more important is that we sort out what we should say first, since Old Yi this person is very shrewd."

Speaking up to this point, Secretary Dakang couldn't help laughing out loud. "Previously, he, Old Jiang and I made a bet to see who could catch that Chen Nanxuan first. In the end, who would have ever thought that the result would be me winning by default! Little Zhuozi, you've given me face again!"

Zhuo Yi: "..."

Secretary Dakang: "Also, you handled the particulars very well this time. You immediately suppressed the media and didn't alert them. It's still better to leave Evil Sword God to Old Yi himself to handle."

"..."

"Little Zhuozi, don't worry. Although there won't be any media coverage on this incident, you will certainly receive plenty of internal commendations. If you are promoted to our Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools in the future and Old Yi is willing to put in a good word for you, that will carry a lot of weight."

"Very well, secretary..."

Zhuo Yi thanked him, hung up the phone, and then couldn't help taking out a handkerchief from his pocket to wipe at his sweat.

A man sits at home and responsibility falls from heaven...

As it turned out, he had been powerless from the start to decide for himself whether to shoulder this responsibility or not - because it had been decreed by fate, falling from the sky!

...

It wasn't long after Secretary Dakang's call that the phone rang once again in Zhuo Yi's staff apartment. It was an unknown number, but Zhuo Yi knew when he saw the call that it was most likely from General Yi.

Actually, he and General Yi had met once before at the combined military training for six schools, but General Yi hadn't been familiar with him at that time.

This was a founding father, a legendary existence who had battled demon gods with his own strength, and who was already actually calmly indifferent to a lot of things. It was impossible for a junior to try and curry favor with him.

So this phone call was in fact an opportunity.

But Zhuo Yi's top priority at present was to shoulder the responsibility shifuhad given him - keeping shifu happy was the most important thing. While he hadn't been able to learn anything from shifu yet, Zhuo Yi felt that it was only a matter of time, given their master and disciple relationship.

He had been well aware of this from the very beginning.

Zhuo Yi picked up the phone. Compared with Secretary Dakang, who typically sounded like an old-fashioned matchmaker, General Yi's voice sounded much deeper and more solemn. "Are you... Zhuo Yi?"

Zhuo Yi nodded. "I am..."

On the other end of the phone, General Yi was silent for a bit before he asked, "Is Dakang your shifu ?"

Zhuo Yi: "General Yi, you misunderstand... we only have a leader and subordinate relationship."

General Yi couldn't help tsking. "Then why does he treat you like a disciple? If this old man hadn't thoroughly checked you out, I would have almost thought you were his illegitimate child."

Zhuo Yi's face twitched. "..."

Getting down to business, General Yi cleared his throat. "This old man got a phone call from him just now saying that you caught my junior brother, after he's been on the run for so many years - is that true?"

In fact, the moment he had received the phone call, General Yi hadn't dared believe it, because no one knew his junior brother better than he did.

Vicious and merciless, cutting people down like grass, and murdering his ownshifu back then - during that time, his junior brother's strength had already been very terrifying, and to be caught suddenly after disappearing for several hundred years made General Yi very suspicious.

Zhuo Yi took a breath and said very seriously, "General Yi, the news that Evil Sword God has been arrested is true. We have already collected the Heaven-Cleaving sword he was holding as evidence, you can come and verify it for yourself."

"Very well, this old man will be able to tell with one glance whether it's the genuine thing or not. I'm leaving for Songhai city tomorrow... I'll find out for myself then."

On the other end of the line, General Yi said, "But this old man still has a question."

Zhuo Yi: "General, say it, please..."

General Yi: "I heard that you are the leader directly in charge of this matter, so would it be possible for you to tell this old man... how was my stupid junior brother defeated? I hope you won't try to dupe me... This old man has already put a curse on this phone call; if you have something to hide, every time it rains in the next six months, you'll experience an unbearable itch."

Zhuo Yi: "..."

To be honest, this question made Zhuo Yi sigh in relief, because General Yi had asked how Evil Sword God had been defeated and not who had defeated him.

Zhuo Yi felt it was completely okay as long as he didn't expose Wang Ling.

Zhuo Yi actually hadn't seen the battle with his own eyes, but had heard all about it from Lord Thunder.

General Yi just wanted to hear the truth, right...

Zhuo Yi recalled what Lord Thunder had said about the battle and replied, "Erm... General Yi, it went like this...

"He was first given two slaps..."

"Mm..."

"After that, he was stabbed with a magic sword..."

"Mm, and then?"

"That was it..."

"..."





Chapter 450 Inheriting the Power of Sword Dao


It was July 11th on Tuesday in the twelfth week of the semester.

It was already more than ten hours after Evil Sword God had been formally detained. Returning home from school, Wang Ling placed the tools specially required for making talismans on his table: a brush, talisman paper, and cinnabar.

While he had taken Evil Sword God's power of Sword Dao away, that didn't mean that it had disappeared.

Wang Ling's Great Sword Dao Spell attribute was "omniscience," and Evil Sword God's attribute was the "ten-meter sword circle."

Looking at the level of quality of these attributes, the one that Wang Ling had grasped was undoubtedly the finest, but Evil Sword God's ten-meter sword circle couldn't be considered weak; at the very least, it could greatly enhance his strength and make him invincible in a fight at close quarters.

It was just Evil Sword God's bad luck this time to run into Wang Ling.

Otherwise, Wang Ling felt that with this ten-meter sword circle, even Evil Sword God's senior brother General Yi wouldn't be able to take him down.

The Dao talisman that Wang Ling was preparing to draw this time was an inheritance talisman that would be combined with the "Great Sword Dao Spell" which had previously been taken from Evil Sword God.

This was a type of legendary Dao talisman and there were almost no written records of it in the world; originally, it had been used to inherit the Three Thousand Great Spells.

Standing in front of the table with the brush in his hand, Wang Ling drew the talisman with extreme focus.

Crouched in Wang Ling's chair, Er Ha watched intently.

Little Sheep stood next to the table.

Inheritance talisman...

Er Ha had never seen this kind of Dao talisman before and it was extremely difficult to draw. Even a professional talisman maker following a diagram had a very low chance of succeeding, and the success rate was almost negligible.

After all, this was a special Dao talisman for inheriting the Three Thousand Great Spells; it wasn't some small, common ability, and it would never be that easy to draw.

"What's it for?" Er Ha crouched in the chair and blinked.

Wang Ling paid no attention to him as he concentrated on drawing the Dao talisman.

On the side, Sheep raised her eyebrows as she looked at Er Ha. "Obviously, it's for you!"

Er Ha was taken aback; it had never thought that its little master would actually pass on the Sword Dao he had taken from Evil Sword God to it.

"But... I can't use a sword..." Er Ha broke into a sweat. It wasn't convenient for it to hold a sword with its paws unless it could cultivate a human shape. The problem was that it had just reached second class, and it would actually be a long time before it could advance to first class.

Advancing from second class to first class included a transformation from the beast form to a human form, which for spirit beasts was equivalent to the "Soul Formation stage." Ultimately, spirit beasts had to successfully pass through a tribulation before they could cultivate to first class.

Er Ha calculated its current cultivation progress: even if it was now using the modified "Demon King Heart Sutra" to speed up its cultivation, without any further assistance, it would have to painstakingly cultivate for at least the next fifty years.

Advancing from second class to first class in fifty years could already be considered a breakneck pace.

An ordinary spirit beast would need at least a thousand years of cultivation to advance from second class to first class.

The modified "Demon King Heart Sutra" had already enhanced its speed twenty-fold... Er Ha was already pretty content with its situation — it wasn't Sage Tyrant Song 1 !

1(An alias for the protagonist of the xuanhuan novel "Cultivation Chat Group." Song is a trouble magnet who actively courts death on a daily basis ..) ...

Soon, Wang Ling finished drawing the Dao talisman and raised his eyes to look at Er Ha.

Of course he knew Er Ha's misgivings.

But he thought that most people in fact had a mistaken understanding of Sword Dao.

True Sword Dao didn't require that you wield a sword.

That also included when, during the fight, Evil Sword God had thought the highest state in Sword Dao was when a man and a sword became one. In fact, this wasn't the case.

Each of the Three Thousand Great Spells had a lot of their own attributes, and depending on each person's differing understanding of them, these attributes could be divided into many types.

Attribute was attribute.

Realm was realm.

Profound truth was profound truth.

The highest state of Sword Dao was "intangible heart sword," which was then followed by "union between man and sword."

A sword not in hand but in heart - this was the highest state of Sword Dao!

But there were very few people in the world today who could grasp this level.

Each person grasped different Sword Dao attributes, but if one was adept in cultivation, they could ultimately achieve "union between man and sword" or even "intangible heart sword"- even the supreme profound truth of Sword Dao, the "World-Annihilating Sword," would be within their grasp.

That was why in reality, whether it was Wang Ling or Jingke, both of them could use the "World-Annihilating Sword" independent of each other.

As for why Jingke had chosen to become one with Lord Thunder before using the World-Annihilating Sword in the previous fight against Evil Sword God, that was also Wang Ling's decision.

Bluntly speaking, it was to help Lord Thunder save face.

Wang Ling handed the inheritance talisman to Er Ha and told it to stick the talisman on its forehead when it had spare time. Sword Dao techniques were very complicated, but there was nothing to be afraid of if Er Ha used the inheritance talisman; it would be able to absorb a little each day and would master Sword Dao sooner or later.

"Do I really have to learn it?" Er Ha was very doubtful as it accepted the inheritance talisman.

Its current realm was just second class... at most it was just at the Nascent Soul stage, and the Three Thousand Great Spells was something that could only be touched by peak True Immortals at the very least! Wasn't it a little too early to come into contact with them now?

Sheep crouched down and stroked Er Ha's fur. "The Three Thousand Great Spells are indeed difficult to comprehend. But actually, anyone can master them. Why do you think I can run so fast?"

"..." Er Ha was immediately lost for words.

When it heard what Sheep had said, it seemed to instantly understand. The goblins in the villa that had been enlightened by Little Master Ling actually didn't have high realms, but each of them had at least grasped one of the Three Thousand Great Spells - they had directly inherited these spells from Wang Ling after being enlightened!

Sheep was clearly at the Soul Formation stage, but she had mastered the Great Wind Speed Spell.

And Lord Ma, who had the highest realm and who in the villa was the only Itinerant Immortal Wang Ling had directly enlightened, had mastered the "Great Devouring Spell"...

The Three Thousand Great Spells were something that could only be comprehended naturally once a person reached a particular realm. Furthermore, they were very difficult to understand, and many people frantically pursued them - but if they could be inherited, then that was a different matter altogether.

Sheep: "Since little master is giving this to you, just accept it."

Er Ha: "But I don't have a sword..."

Sheep: "Don't you have claws?"

Er Ha: "..."

...

That night, an old man with white hedgehog hair appeared at Songhai First Prison's main gate. As always, he was dressed in a martial arts outfit with a red waist sash. Furthermore, he didn't like walking, and he floated in the air with his feet several inches off the ground.

"Who is it?"

The prison officer guarding the entrance saw that there seemed to be a man at the gate, and he opened the small window in the iron gate to take a look.

As a result, his face was instantly dotted with beads of fine sweat. "Gen, Gen, General Yi?"

General Yi nodded and gave a soft grunt. "Open up."

According to standard procedure, anyone entering the prison needed the warden's personal approval. There was no way Warden Liang wouldn't know if General Yi intended to come, and the prison would definitely have prepared beforehand to greet him.

Unless General Yi had personally dropped by without informing anyone...

The prison officer couldn't help recalling the criminal whom Warden Liang had personally put into the special prison cell that day in the early hours of the morning. Perhaps General Yi was here for that criminal... to be imprisoned with the old devil and Cheng Yu, the Master of Immortal Mansion, how could it be an ordinary person? For this criminal to actually alarm General Yi enough for the latter to come in person, the prison officer at the entrance felt this was quite unbelievable.





Chapter 451 How to Verify Evil Sword God's Identity?


Usually at this time, Warden Liang would have long gotten off work and returned home, but he didn't dare to do so. That was because he had received a call from Zhuo Yi earlier on saying that General Yi would be coming. The problem was that General Yi hadn't specified a time, so Warden Liang could only wait, which had left him feeling ill at ease all day.

It was plain to see that General Yi really wanted to handle this matter as quietly as possible and didn't want it to get out.

At the same time, Warden Liang was also very doubtful...

Was that youngster they had arrested really Evil Sword God?

He didn't dare believe it...

After all, that was a person who had gained notoriety as the number one devil well before the old devil. After murdering his own shifu , Evil Sword God's infamy had spread far and wide in previous generations of the cultivation circle.

Over the last several hundred years after that, it was as if Evil Sword God had faded from public view, but in fact there would be several cases every year of swordmasters all over the country being mysteriously killed. These cases all had one thing in common: all the victims had died from the same sword qi...

These cases were all on file and still remained unsolved.

Those familiar with Evil Sword God would naturally be able to guess who was behind these incidents. In the last century, General Yi had never stopped looking for traces of this stupid junior brother of this, but Evil Sword God was really too cunning.

After one hundred years of hide and seek, he was suddenly captured... Anyone's scalp would feel numb at this news.

This was Evil Sword God...

How could it be so easy to deal with him?

However, Zhuo Yi as the main person-in-charge had already given an official explanation: Evil Sword God had been arrested by a great senior at Secretary Dakang's request.

As someone with so many years of experience, Warden Liang's analysis of this cryptic answer was that it was definitely an exaggeration.

It was probably only half-true...

While he was pondering this, the prison officer guarding the entrance gave him an internal call.

Warden Liang instantly knew that General Yi had most likely arrived, and he picked up the phone. "Have General Yi wait in the reception hall first, then notify the administration department and have them bring him here."

The guard nodded. "Understood."

Suddenly, Warden Liang was struck by something, and he hurriedly asked, "By the way, help me check the special prison cell as well as the situation of the other two."

The old devil and the Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu had been put in detention for beating up Evil Sword God in the prison cell.

If nothing unexpected happened, Warden Liang guessed that these two were now planting vegetables in the prison's back garden; they had to plant ten thousand seeds before they were done.

With the Spirit Shackles on, they couldn't cycle spirit energy as usual and were no different to regular people, so planting ten thousand seeds was actually a little difficult.

Warden Liang wasn't able to verify whether or not the youngster that had been captured was truly Evil Sword God, but if it was true, then as warden, he couldn't not do anything.

It was true that Evil Sword God had committed many types of evil; you could say he would fit right in here.

...

General Yi didn't wait long in the reception hall before Warden Liang rushed over with a team; behind him were a dozen or so prison officers, which looked quite extravagant.

"Greetings, General Yi."

The moment Warden Liang saw the old man with hedgehog hair, he immediately put on a smile.

General Yi nodded and then floated down to sit in a chair as he crossed his arms. "Forget the courtesy... get rid of that bunch behind you first, and then show this old man the evidence you obtained last night."

"Very well!" Warden Liang waved his hand and dismissed the people behind him, then he took out an evidence bag and directly pulled the Heaven-Cleaving sword out of it.

Taking the proffered sword, General Yi narrowed his eyes as he carefully examined it. Honestly speaking, the instant Warden Liang had taken it out of the bag, General Yi had already known in his heart that it was without doubt the genuine article.

Putting aside the fact that this sword's appearance was exactly the same as in his memory, the sword qi wrapped around it was also extremely nostalgic.

"It really is the Heaven-Cleaving sword..." General Yi whispered in his heart.

Warden Liang caught the slight change in General Yi's expression. "General Yi, is there something wrong with this sword?"

"No, this is the real sword! It is indeed the same as the one in my memory. This was the sword that my shizun Fan Rui used back then," General Yi said honestly.

He lifted his head to look at Warden Liang. "When that youngster was caught earlier, did he have any tattoos?"

"We've already done an inspection, and his entire body is clean; there weren't any tattoos." Warden Liang shook his head. "However..."

"However what?" General Yi frowned.

Warden Liang said, "According to Director Zhuo Yi, the tattoos on this person only disappeared after he was defeated. Before that, not only did he have tattoos, he also had dark eye shadow."

The corners of General Yi's mouth twitched... Hearing this, he was more or less certain that this youngster was without doubt his stupid junior brother.

The reason why the Heaven-Cleaving sword was so powerful was because of its dark and chaotic character. General Yi remembered that it had taken his shifuFan Rui a lot of effort to subdue the sword back then.

At this thought, General Yi said gloomily, "To seize control of this sword, my junior brother Evil Sword God didn't have any qualms using forbidden spells to forcefully change the contract... in the end, the dark and chaotic power of the Heaven-Cleaving sword invaded his body, turning him evil. The tattoo and eye shadow were signs of that."

Warden Liang: "Then the person inside... is really Evil Sword God?"

"It appears so..."

General Yi sighed. "My junior brother had always been someone who thought highly of himself, but he wasn't someone who would wilfully slaughter the innocent. After considering it carefully, I believe he had already been planning to grab the sword since the hostage case, after losing himself to the dark and chaotic power that had invaded his body."

Upon saying that, General Yi floated out of the chair and looked at Warden Liang. "Let's go, take this old man to see him! I'll verify his identity one last time..."

...

Several minutes later, the two of them appeared at the special prison jail. The youngster who had been unconscious earlier had already come back to his senses. He had a panicked expression on his face and shrunk back into a corner as he trembled with fright.

"Who are you? Why did you arrest me? My shifu , my shifu is Sword Immortal Fan Rui!" The youngster screamed.

Outside the room, General Yi narrowed his eyes. "How long has he been like this?"

Warden Liang answered, "He's been like this since he woke up. Director Zhuo also came by earlier and said that he's completely different to what he had been like in battle... I had someone examine him, as our initial suspicions were that he had multiple personality disorder."

"Hm."

General Yi nodded his head. "Let me test him then..."

After saying that, General Yi directly threw the Heaven-Cleaving sword over.

Warden Liang broke out in a sweat. "General Yi, this..."

General Yi pinched his moustache. "Calm down, he's in Spirit Shackles and can't use his spirit energy."

After a few minutes, the youngster shaking in the corner eventually gathered up his courage to grab the sword off the floor.

Then, Warden Liang felt like he was seeing a completely different person. The youngster pointed the tip of the sword at General Yi and laughed loudly. "Yi Jianchuan! I, Evil Sword God, am here. Let me out, and we'll have a showdown!"

"We'll have a showdown..."

"Have a showdown..."

"A showdown..."

"Showdown..."

"...Down..."

"..." Warden Liang was stupefied. ⊙∀⊙?!

At the same time, General Yi couldn't help rubbing his head as he listened; while he had gotten his confirmation, he was also a little ashamed...

This dumbass!





Chapter 452 My Noble Spit


General Yi covered his face with one hand; this was really too shameful!

He crooked his finger and reclaimed the Heaven-Cleaving sword. That youngster who had been furious and aggressive when holding the sword turned back into a fearful coward as he shrunk back into the corner, his body shaking and completely without any trace of Evil Sword God.

Warden Liang: "General Yi, is this what Evil Sword God's original character is like?"

General Yi cupped his chin and shook his head. "No, this old man feels that these are both extreme personalities. If my junior brother was completely normal, he should be somewhere between these two: although he's typically brazen and aggressive, he definitely isn't this timid and won't make trouble out of nothing... So with or without the sword, this old man feels that it's very strange."

Warden Liang heaved a sigh. "Then it's the same!"

"What's the same?" General Yi was puzzled.

Warden Liang: "To tell you the truth, it was Immortal Toya who conducted the personality test on Evil Sword God. Director Zhuo contacted him specifically and had him rush over from Chrysanthemum Island, and his final verdict tallies completely with General Yi's."

General Yi nodded his head and asked, "Then did he have any way to treat it?"

Warden Liang: "Immortal Toya said that for a mental disorder, the treatment must fit the malady, and an illness of the mind cannot be cured with medication; at most, it can only help to calm his nerves. There are no drug specialists in this world that can cure a multiple personality disorder. However... it felt to me like Immortal Toya was hiding something; perhaps it was something that wasn't appropriate for me to know."

"Hm." General Yi nodded his head.

Warden Liang had occupied the top position at Songhai First Prison for several hundred years, and he was better than anyone else at reading body language; if a person had something to hide, they would be betrayed by their expression.

General Yi didn't doubt Immortal Toya's medical expertise. It was what the Toya clan had been famous for back then, not losing out to the Xiao clan at all. In addition, from what General Yi knew, Immortal Toya was probably the sole successor of the clan's "Nine Cycles Exquisite Pagoda."

This was the ancestral magic treasure of the Toya clan and a quasi world-defying magic weapon! This Nine Cycles Exquisite Pagoda not only contained a lifetime's worth of medical research of the entire clan, the pagoda itself was also a very powerful seal-type magic weapon.

But General Yi had heard that this magic weapon had sustained heavy damage in a great battle a long time ago, to the point that it was still under renovation even now...

He had only found out about the pagoda being damaged after meeting Immortal Toya for the first time and then getting Old Tang to secretly investigate his background.

But despite that, General Yi had limited knowledge on how the pagoda had been damaged, and outsiders knew even less.

Of course, General Yi had his own suspicions.

He felt that it was probably very likely connected to how, after a short-lived golden era, the Toya clan's situation suddenly changed and they fell into decline...

Floating in the air, General Yi crossed his arms and said in a deep voice, "There's no need to doubt an evaluation by Immortal Toya. As for whether or not there's a way to cure my junior brother's multiple personality disorder, this old man will personally look for Immortal Toya to ask when I have the opportunity."

Warden Liang: "May I ask, General Yi, how should I deal with Evil Sword God?"

General Yi laughed. "Don't misunderstand, I'm not your superior. This old man came this time purely to pay my stupid junior brother a visit. You should know better than this old man about what should be done! Three words: Business is business! Warden Liang should know, I have never bent the law for personal reasons."

Warden Liang nodded solemnly and replied in a loud voice, "Yes, General! Rest assured, I will handle this justly!"

...

While General Yi was paying the prisoner a visit, Wang Ling was waiting for the results of Wang Ming's space assessment as well as wondering how to restore Daoist Guang to a corporeal body.

Currently, spirit lotus root could be used to create a Golden Core body. That bunch of take-out delivery employees who had suffered under the old devil was a good example.

Wang Ling had paid special attention to this matter.

After Lord Thunder had helped to negotiate with the insurance companies, these unlucky delivery employees had all obtained reconstructed bodies.

Furthermore, after that incident, they had all become popular online... In the end, this bunch of delivery employees had simply formed a male idol group called "Lotus Root Tyrant"1 and gone into show business...

1(The Chinese phrase is a homophone for the Korean word "oppa," which girls use to address guys older than them.) However, it was obviously far more complicated to rebuild a True Immortal body than a Golden Core body.

For example, the old devil had attempted to reconstruct his body previously by looking for an Almighty skeleton that was a compatible match.

But this method carried huge risks and the success rate was only fifty percent. If it failed, that skeleton which had been so hard to find would straightaway disappear...

Of course, that wasn't the only way to rebuild a True Immortal body; Wang Ling felt that they had to consider this matter at some length.

He looked at the time; Daoist Guang was still live streaming at that moment.

When Wang Ling opened the live stream room, audience numbers were already over two million people - fully double what it had been before!

Moreover, Wang Ling discovered that even though Daoist Guang hadn't signed an agreement with the live streaming platform, he had unexpectedly already gotten real name authentication, so his fans could now give him gifts fair and square.

As soon as Wang Ling entered the live stream room, he could hear Daoist Guang expressing his thanks one after another.

"Thank you [Light Chaser Fantasy Ghost] for the five flying swords!"

"Thank you [Love Watching Red Sea In Action] for the ten immortal boats!"

"Thank you [Paladin's Legendary Love Lolita] for the nine hundred and ninety-nine tyrant immortal knives!"

"Thank you [School Is About To Start But I Haven't Finished My Homework What Should I Do] for the sixty-six primordial black crystals!"

...

Wang Ling: "..."

Daoist Guang had already started playing the "Battlegrounds" recommended by Lord Thunder and was waiting for the game to load.

It was usually at this time that live streamers would chat with their fans.

Daoist Guang skimmed through the bullet messages randomly and he chose a few questions to read aloud. "May I ask, Lord Island, what is your view on Nanhan blowing a black whistle 2 ?"

2(To 'blow a black whistle' is to make a bad call.) Daoist Guang couldn't help sucking air in through his teeth as he felt that this question was a little pointed.

After reading this question, people immediately set the tone for the bullet messages as countless numbers of them flew across the screen.

" Bangzi used to be honorable; we are people of quality, let's burn incense for them first!"

"Need to ask? Just spit on them!"

Daoist Guang couldn't help laughing out loud when he saw this bullet message. "Everyone calm down... your essence is precious, don't spit so casually!"

"???"

A lot of people sent question marks in their bullet messages.

Daoist Guang chuckled. "Like this Lord Island's spit, for example... I may as well spit on Grandpa Lu 3 instead of that bunch of bangzi !"

3(A nickname for live streamer and disgraced pro gamer Lu Benwei..) Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 453 Daoist Guang's Battlegrounds


Wang Ling actually didn't pay much attention to games because they didn't make sense to him. In his view, no matter how much time ordinary players spent developing their characters, they probably couldn't compare with those who spent six yuan on an initial large gift pack 1 ...

1(i.e. the special deals for buying inventory to equip your character.) Money should be spent where it counted the most!

Life was about meticulous planning and careful accounting.

Just like how Father Wang would use all sorts of petty excuses to dock Wang Ling's pocket money; Wang Ling certainly felt wretched about it. Furthermore, he had an agreement with his parents where he wasn't allowed to earn extra money using his cultivation abilities. Wang Ling understood the reason behind this: on one hand, it was to stay low-key, and on the other, the sole request his parents had of him at this stage was to study well.

This was what a sixteen-year-old teenager should be doing!

So when Wang Ling had requested that the delivery fees be included in his purchases several times before, was he really being stingy? Did he really care about the postage fee? This was for the sake of saving enough money to buy practice exercises in order to study well so that when he graduated in the future, he could give back to society.

Like what he had said earlier.

Money should be spent where it counted the most!

When playing games, money should be spent where it counted the most! (Not including crispy noodle snacks in the game store.)

When buying snacks, money should be spent where it counted the most! (Not including crispy noodle snacks.)

When buying drinks, money should be spent where it counted the most! (Not including crispy noodle snack-flavored ones.)

...

But even if Wang Ling didn't touch games much, young people definitely found it easier to adapt to new things compared with the elderly. Daoist Guang hadn't learned to use a computer for very long and was still at the stage of feeling his way through it. Compared with a lot of professional players, he knew very well what his status was: he was an entertainment live streamer who was doing his best to improve his skills.

From the bullet messages on screen, Wang Ling could tell that a lot of newcomers had joined the live stream room out of curiosity after hearing about an old fellow playing online games on an island.

Actually, a lot of people weren't interested in how good his gaming skills were; they were watching him purely for his commentary as he played.

The main thing was that Daoist Guang's live stream had a variety of content given his environment.

From eight to ten o'clock in the morning was Daoist's Guang island survival segment.

He would demonstrate how to create all types of magic treasures bare-handed for survival in a wild environment.

From noon to two o'clock in the afternoon was his island delicacy segment.

He would demonstrate how to use the island's natural resources to survive in a wild environment as well as which animals and insects were rich in protein.

After that, the period from six to nine o'clock was when Daoist Guang gamed...

A lot of viewers would recommend other games to him via the bullet messages, and he would very attentively write the titles down in a notebook as he planned to give them a shot at a later date.

...

When Wang Ling opened the live stream room, Daoist Guang was actually almost done for the day.

He was doing poorly in this last round.

After landing, he had only found level one body armor and a knapsack, a katana, and five bandages; there wasn't even a helmet...

Apart from that, there was nothing else.

Daoist Guang had always played solo and had never joined fierce combat. He felt that given his position as an entertaining old man, it was better to stay on the sidelines as an "observer." But this also depended on his luck and whether or not there were plenty of items for him to pick up. This time, for instance, he had entered what looked like a pretty big house on the outskirts, but it was actually empty.

Some people teased him in the bullet messages.

"It's over, it's over, Lord Island is going to give away a delivery2 this time."

2(This refers to players dropping their inventory after being killed.) "Lord Island's luck is bad, he's going to drop as a box 3 ."

3(In PUBG, when a player is killed in the first ten seconds of appearing in the game, they turn into boxes that fall to the ground.) The most hilarious thing was when Daoist Guang picked up the only weapon, the katana, in the room, and the screen was filled with the same two-word bullet message over and over: Game Over .

Daoist Guang couldn't help laughing as he glanced at them.

Of course he knew that they were poking fun at him.

" Aiya , I'm running out of time..." Daoist Guang couldn't help whispering in his heart as he took a look and realized that he didn't have much time left.

He had also told the viewers in the live stream room that this would be the last round.

Could it be... was he really going to go offline in disgrace?

Hm, of course that was impossible!

He had been fooling around for almost three hours, and no matter what, he had to put on a show for the viewers in the final round.

Of course, he couldn't use cheats as live streaming platforms nowadays had built-in anti-cheat systems. Live streamers who used cheat software would be banned straightaway; Daoist Guang had read the rules and was of course aware of this point.

So there was no using cheats.

But he felt that he could still use a little bit of magic.

Katana in hand, he pretended to hide in the house when in fact he was pondering what type of magic he should use.

In this type of survival game, it was crucial to pinpoint the locations of both friends and foes; this was especially important information for some LYB 4 . But computer games were all about digital data; even if Daoist Guang opened his Heavenly Eye, it wouldn't be able to help him see through things, and even less to sense auras - it was all virtual data, what aura was there for him to sense?

4(An acronym for 老阴通,which refers to players who camp out in a particular position and patiently wait for kills ..) Furthermore, he only had a katana; unless he could ambush someone inside the house, he would just be a target if he went outside.

After thinking for a while, Daoist Guang pretended to stretch, and when both his hands were out of the screen's range, he secretly made a hand seal to cast the Focus Spell on himself.

This was an extremely ordinary minor spell, but could stealthily help to greatly improve his awareness.

When all was said and done, it wasn't enough to pinpoint everyone else's positions - the most important thing still was your immediate reaction when you ran into them.

At this thought, Daoist Guang couldn't help laughing in his heart.

He didn't know if anyone else was using this spell in the game, but his was at the most advanced level; now that he had activated this spell, he was very confident that no one in the game could beat him!

When all was said and done, Daoist Guang deeply believed that in this world, there was no other True Immortal more bored than he was!

At that moment in the game, there was the sound of the door opening downstairs, and Daoist Guang instantly heard it with his enhanced awareness.

Holding the katana, he waited for the intruder to come upstairs to the second floor.

Before that person could react, they saw a shadow appear before their eyes.

One hit! Half blood!

"???"

The player panicked and instantly raised his gun to shoot wildly at the shadow. However, Daoist Guang's response was too fast as he actually directly leapt behind the player and with a second strike, took his life.

The screen was filled with exclamations of surprise.

"What the fuck?! What is this?!"

"Ha? Is a katana that lethal?"

"Cheat! Lord Island definitely cheated!"

"Cheat +1!"

...

Everyone stared at the unperturbed Daoist Guang in the live stream as he confidently searched the boxes on the ground.

This person was rich; he had a level three bag, three First Aid Kits, two drinks and a level two helmet...

After picking up just these things, he directly left.

The screen was full of question marks again. "???"

"Lord Island didn't take the gun???"

"You forgot the automatic rifle! Lord Island!"

Holding his katana, Lord Island was extremely confident. "Sorry, I don't need a gun."

Bullet messages: "???"

Daoist Guang: "The moment I had this katana, the game was already over!"

"Come on, Lord Island, you may have killed someone, but that doesn't mean you're very strong!" Someone couldn't help mocking him.

When he saw that bullet message, Daoist Guang didn't say anything and instead simply activated the quiz function.

[Active]: Live streamer kills twenty or more people

Yes/No

In addition, Daoist Guang directly changed the room's title.

[Live Streamer "Lord Island" Live Stream Room Title]: Katana in Hand! Game Over! The Whole Game is My Pig Farm - One Hit, One Peppa Pig!





Chapter 454 Interaction!


The audience in the live stream room hadn't expected Lord Island to activate the guess and gamble function at all, or to actually change the room title to:Katana in Hand! Game Over! The Whole Game is My Pig Farm - One Hit, One Peppa Pig!

The live stream room's bullet messages suddenly exploded.

"What the fuck! Lord Island! Why are you taking it out on Peppa Pig?!"

"My Peppa might say MMP if she knew."

"Kill twenty people with a katana... Lord Island, do you think this is a knife battle? Everyone is using guns, how can you possibly fight them?"

"Kill twenty people or more, yes or no? That's easy!"

It was clear that thanks to Lord Island's eye-catching guess and gamble event and room title, the bullet messages had directly exploded. Sweeping his gaze over them, Wang Ling realized that most of them were still calling Lord Island into question. Some live streamers had even come running over to pay Daoist Guang's live stream room a "visit" and diss him for using this click bait title to attract more viewers.

But it was a fact that this gimmick was working.

Because of the influence of these big live streamers paying Daoist Guang a visit and dissing him, the number of viewers in the live stream room continued to climb, and from over two million people, had soared to over 2.8 million.

This comprised Lord Island's Light Chasers and fans of other live streamers, and even more of them were casual viewers just joining in on the fun.

In that moment, Wang Ling suddenly felt that Daoist Guang had a talent for live streaming...

In a short few days, live stream audience numbers were already constant at over two million, and currently, it looked like it would even reach three million. The most important thing was that there were new viewers every day who, amused by Daoist Guang's live stream, would become "Light Chasers."

On the first day of Daoist Guang's live stream, eight hundred thousand people had already purchased the "Light Chaser" tag that cost ten HNY. Now, the number of Light Chasers had broken the watershed million mark.

Just as Chen Chao and Guo Hao had said previously, this had broken the live streaming platform's record of the past few years.

There was no other new live streamer on any other live streaming platform who could match Daoist Guang's numbers in the first week of his live stream.

Although luck was a factor, even more of it naturally depended on the live streaming rule which Daoist Guang had swiftly mastered.

What was the first rule of a live stream?

It was interaction!

While interacting with the audience, live streamers could provide entertaining commentary while still being mindful of their language as well as make idle talk about trending current events. Using this as a foundation, live streamers could widen their scope to keep the live stream fresh for old viewers and at the same time attract new ones. It was obvious that Daoist Guang had managed to do this.

Moreover, he had also learned how to use "gimmicks" to attract viewers.

The bullet messages now weren't as "clean" as before, with a lot of them expressing doubts, plus there were a lot of fans of other live streamers sending reverse fan 1 bullet messages as well as provoking messages.

1(This refers to anti-fans who, rather than outright criticizing or slandering someone, take the opposite route of praising them so exaggeratedly that other people can't help but hate them ..) However, Wang Ling felt that Daoist Guang wouldn't care at all; after all, as a True Immortal with a highly cultivated mind, he wouldn't pay the slightest bit of attention if people started cursing him out in the live stream room, to say nothing of those voicing their doubts.

In the end, after audience numbers increased to a certain point, trolls were inevitable.

Actually, Wang Ling was pretty worried about the personal safety of these trolls, because the biggest characteristic of trolls was that while they were savage online, they were cowards in real life; a troll wouldn't track a network connection and WIFI back to a live streamer to beat them up.

But as a True Immortal, Daoist Guang could do it easily enough...

...

At that moment, the bullet messages were setting the tone for the live stream.

Wang Ling cupped his chin as he watched on curiously with the melon-eating masses.

"Report, report! This live streamer is being deliberately gimmicky!"

This message could be considered pretty good compared with another more malicious one...

"According to the rules of the live streaming platform, if a live streamer is judged to have used click bait content, they'll be banned for seven to fifteen days! Everybody just leave. This live streamer is already old news; remember to burn incense for him before you leave."

A dead live streamer?

Daoist Guang glanced at this bullet message and was instantly speechless; he realized he actually couldn't refute this!

Because theoretically speaking...

He was indeed already dead!

However, Daoist Guang didn't ban the bullet messages calling him into question or even those that jeered at or cursed him out.

This was the result he was looking for.

It wasn't bad to be doubted sometimes.

As far as Daoist Guang was concerned, once he already had a fan base, the doubts could only help to increase his fan numbers.

He looked at the number of viewers in his live stream room.

It hadn't even been five minutes since he had changed the title.

The number had already broken three million - this was an unprecedented rate of increase!

If a quarter of his new one million viewers became Light Chasers, Daoist Guang would have accomplished his live stream goal for today.

At that moment, the five-minute window for the first blue circle had passed and the map started to shrink. There were eighty-three people left on it.

Daoist Guang was lucky that he didn't need to run from the blue circle, but he was still some distance away from the central safe zone. If he didn't start moving now, the next time the circle shrunk, his character would definitely be caught outside it.

Moreover, he had already set a goal of twenty kills or more. If he wanted to accomplish this, he had to start his massacre now. It was easy to imagine how hard it was going to be to get rid of a quarter of the remaining eighty-three people with a katana.

Thus, after officially deciding to make his move, he closed the bet.

The odds were one to two hundred...

Over two million people had taken part in the event.

And most of them had selected No .

Of course, these were also some bold gamblers.

Two hundred-fold odds...

This was too tempting!

"I don't care, I don't care, this Light Chaser supports Lord Island! Ten thousand immortal elixirs! All in! I'm betting on Lord Island's victory!"

Daoist Guang naturally saw this bullet message.

He straightaway replied to it in a composed manner, "Indeed, I may have to improve my shooting skills, but this old man's sword skills won't let you down! Since I opened a bet, I have absolute confidence in myself! Everyone, please have your eyes wide open for the rest of the live stream. If you want to record it, feel free to do so. When the time comes after I've killed twenty people or more, don't say that I cheated. If you can detect any cheats, then you can consider it my loss!"

It was as if Daoist Guang had dropped a bomb in the live stream room.

This was being too confident!

At this time, a multi-colored bullet message sticky appeared in front of everyone's eyes.

It was from Daoist Guang's number one fan, [Has Three Days And Two Sleeps Been Updated].

It read: The katana is the latest in melee weapons and currently the one with the longest reach. It's also very lethal! However, the drop rate for this weapon on the map is very low and not a lot of live streamers are able to pick it up! Everyone settle down and watch Lord Island in action! Is there anyone present who has ever seen him use a katana in his live stream before?

When this message appeared, everyone was instantly stumped.





Chapter 455 A Katana in One Hand and a Frying Pan In the Other


This high priority multi-colored bullet message sticky lingered on screen for a full twenty seconds before disappearing; this was special treatment which only the number one fan could enjoy. Just as he had said, the katana was indeed the latest melee weapon in the game and it was extremely lethal. Two strikes anywhere on the body except the head could kill a person. If the head was targeted, even wearing a helmet wouldn't save them.

Every game live streamer had their own playstyle. Like in this game, each expert live stream shooter varied in the gun model that they were familiar with. Even then, many people thought that this live streamer was a little "exotic"... After all, this was a shooting game and not Dragon Fighter 1 !

1(Dragon Fighter or Ryujinmaru is a robot character from the anime "Chou Majin Hero Wataru" whose weapon is a sword.) How did the saying go?

Cut a power cord with a katana and your way is lit with sparks 2 ...

2(This is the title of a funny, slice-of-life comic book.) But there was no mechanism in this game for damaging someone else's weapon!

Why was this live streamer so confident? If a sniper spied him from a distance, wouldn't he just be killed with one shot to the head?

...

There were a lot of doubts floating around, but Daoist Guang had anticipated this outcome and he nodded in satisfaction as he focused seriously on the screen.

The Focus Spell was still in effect.

The Heavenly Eye didn't work on data in a virtual game, but Daoist Guang could already clearly see everything on the screen as if the image had been broken down into individual pixels. Not even the smallest, barely indistinguishable moving black dot could escape his eyes.

After killing someone in that big empty house on the outskirts and taking his heal items, Daoist Guang replenished his energy and directly decided to run for the large buildings in the safe area.

People in the live stream room were baffled when they saw the direction which Daoist Guang was headed in.

"No matter how lethal a katana, it's useless. There are definitely people already set up in town and hiding inside to ambush you. You're just a sitting duck if you come over!"

"Lord Island has guts, I thought he would just hide in the house to ambush more people!"

"To the message in front... Even if he can win in an ambush, he won't be able to kill twenty people! If he wants to kill more, he'll have to go out on the offensive!"

When they saw what Daoist Guang's decision was, many people started to sing the song Cold in their hearts.

For most of them, this was an impossible mission to complete.

Daoist Guang wasn't in the mood to pay attention to these bullet messages. He knew that before he started killing people, the live stream room would be flooded with all types of mocking and pessimistic predictions. But it was fine; once he started using this kitchen knife... oh, wait, it was a katana! Once he started using a katana, the doubts would vanish like smoke.

Daoist Guang of course knew that there would be people in the major city!

And there would definitely be a number of LYBs crouched by the windows in particular to snipe other players.

So why would he still choose to run in the direction of the major city?

Because it had a lot of people!

His final goal was to kill at least twenty people!

He dashed forward with a calm face; since he had full strength, his character could move very quickly. However, when he was a short distance away from the major city ahead of him, he ducked behind a big tree to hide.

He had heard the sound of a motorbike!

It was very clear that it was coming from right up ahead.

Daoist Guang didn't have headphones on and everything was played through the computer speakers, so even the sound of the waves nearby might interrupt him during his live stream. But as a True Immortal cultivator, even if the Heavenly Eye wasn't of any help in a virtual game, his hearing, which was his strongest sense, was finally coming in handy.

In the beginning, many viewers hadn't understood Daoist Guang's action, and it wasn't until they saw the motorbike speeding over that they suddenly figured it out.

"This sense of hearing is terrifying!"

"The live streamer is live streaming from an island and he's not wearing headphones. How did he hear it?"

"New friend, Lord Island's sense of hearing has always been very good!" an old viewer who was now a "Light Chaser" replied in a bullet message.

The motorbike stopped at a petrol station up ahead, twenty meters from the big tree. Daoist Guang confirmed that this person hadn't noticed him, and when the latter got off the motorbike to go and plunder the petrol station, Daoist Guang instantly charged forward madly.

"Audience friends!"

Daoist Guang yelled as he sprinted forward, "It's time to witness how Lord Island will take this delivery!"

"Take... take the delivery? Be careful that it's not you giving the delivery away!"

"Shun Feng God Express, providing the best delivery service."

Daoist Guang looked at the bullet messages on the screen out of the corner of his eye, his heart as calm as an old well. He held his breath as he approached the petrol station little by little. He made his steps as light as possible and at the same time listened attentively for the person's position inside.

The player was searching the room. It was a small independent mart in a poor location. Next to it was a low two-story building which had yet to be searched; its windows were intact and its front entrance was locked.

Daoist Guang immediately surmised that the player would straightaway plunder the two-story building after the latter was done searching the mart.

Given Daoist Guang's melee weapon, once the man slipped up to the second floor, the chances of killing him would be greatly reduced.

Hence, Daoist Guang immediately decided that he had to get rid of this person as soon as he came out of the mart!

He listened carefully for the man's steps in the mart and slowly slipped to one side of the entrance. There was no way to jump out of this mart's anti-theft windows; the only way out was the front entrance — this was a good opportunity!

At that moment, Daoist Guang noticed that the steps had started to become irregular and were gradually approaching the entrance.

The player was coming out!

The instant the entrance doors opened...

This player hadn't expected someone to be at the front entrance! Furthermore, it was someone without a gun! Instead, the other party was holding a dazzling katana as he crouched by the entrance!

What the hell?! What kind of operation was this?!

It was obvious that this person had no reaction whatsoever as he trembled with a UMP9 in his hands...

Boosted by the Focus Spell and coupled with his sense of hearing, Daoist Guang's instant reaction was truly too quick!

Crack !

The moment the doors opened, that long and bright katana struck the man precisely in the head!

In the top right corner of the screen, a conspicuous system kill notification instantly appeared: Player "LORD ISLAND" has used "Katana" to kill player "CLEARLOVE8" with a headshot.

Under everyone's disbelieving gazes, Daoist Guang had already obtained two kills!

Wang Ling: "..."

The bullet messages exploded once again.

"666! Lord Island is awesome!"

"666 666!"

"He's not cheating, right? It feels like Lord Island's actions and line of thought were very clear!"

Like before, Daoist Guang grabbed all the heal items on this person. Currently, he had four First Aid Kits, two energy drinks and two painkillers.

Looking at the rest of this player's supplies, Daoist Guang thought for a while before he picked up the man's frying pan.

In the live stream room, someone immediately sent a bullet message when they saw this. "Butt Protection Pan! It's a divine weapon!"

Daoist Guang smiled faintly. "Audience friends, Lord Island will show you how to stop bullets with a frying pan!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Audience: "..." If he could really do it, then he was really abnormal!

At that moment, Daoist Guang took a look in his live stream room and saw that yet another wealthy fan had sent him a gift, and he promptly gave his thanks. "Thank you [Your Majesty Who Catches Blood With a Pad] for the spirit blademountain 3 !"

3("Spirit Blade Mountain" is the title of a well-known online novel by the author Your Majesty, who is also known as Catches Blood With a Pad ..) Even though Daoist Guang had obtained a kill, Wang Ling noticed that he still didn't look happy about it.

That was because the second blue circle had already started to move.

During that period, the number of people displayed in the top right corner had declined sharply - there were only sixty-seven people left!





Chapter 456 A Frog Cannot Defeat a Pheasant


There were only sixty-seven people left, but Daoist Guang had to kill another eighteen before his mission could be considered complete; he would only be able to catch up by making full use of the time to slaughter the others in a mad wave.

Wang Ling couldn't take his eyes off the scene in the live stream. No one else knew Daoist Guang's true realm; only he did!

Watching a True Immortal game... was truly a mystical experience.

Perhaps Daoist Guang using spells to help him in the game might be quite disgraceful!

However, Wang Ling felt that this couldn't be considered cheating; after all, people relied on their own abilities to learn spells... Daoist Guang had spent many years cultivating step by step to get to this stage. Even to temper a mere auxiliary spell like the "Focus Spell" to the fullest like Daoist Guang had would require a hundred years of painstaking cultivation day and night.

What was more, the whole nation was involved in cultivation in this era. Who knew if other live streamers also used spells to help them game.

When it came to cheats, there had been a lot of instances recently where people had created videos with frame-by-frame evidence of live streamers who had cheated.

Because of this, live streaming platforms had thus added their own cheat detection mechanism. If live streamers were detected to be cheating during the live stream, they would be permanently banned from the platform. Of course, the platform would award proficient live streamers who didn't cheat with green live stream tags.

Whatever the case, most people felt that using cheat software was a despicable thing to do.

The uploaders who released evidence videos would play back scenes of the live streamers' performance in the game frame by frame in order to capture unusual and quick camera shifts.

Most of the live streamers who cheated used the "aimbot" cheat. Once the camera started running, super-targeting would have already been deployed 1 ! The gun's muzzle would automatically lock onto a body part like the "thigh" or "neck."

1(This is a reference to an incident where a live stream gamer claimed he wasn't using cheats, but the game suddenly announced that "super-targeting had been deployed," thus exposing him as a liar) When a lot of people appeared in a scene at the same time, a particular situation would often occur with the cheating live streamer: when shooting at a person, the muzzle of their gun would suddenly move to accurately aim at another enemy.

This might not be obvious during the live stream.

But after a slow playback and frame extraction, people would always be able to find something wrong!

Wang Ling had seen some of these evidence videos, such as from the famous evidence uploader "A Frog Cannot Defeat a Pheasant."

It had to be said that in the beginning, these videos had indeed been uploaded in the spirit of justice.

Later, however, these so-called "evidence videos" began to gradually deteriorate, and were reduced to becoming commercial tools used by live streaming platforms.

Paying someone a bit of money to make a video slamming a big live streamer on some other platform drew on the anti-cheat movement and could easily turn the tide in a platform's favor.

So after that, some so-called evidence videos would come up with laughable "one second one frame" evidence.

Looking for and obtaining a hammer 2 was a thing, but it was a big problem if you weren't professional about it!

2(This is a literal translation of the online catchphrase 求锤得锤, which refers to a phenomenon, usually in the entertainment industry, of someone spreading news and only releasing evidence to support it after calls are made for them to do so.) ...

After killing the second person, replenishing his health and obtaining a frying pan, Daoist Guang simply directly got onto the former player's motorbike at the gas station and sped toward the city.

Daoist Guang was playing the so-called "Fish Pond Round 3 " level. Apart from live streamers shooting the breeze and the cheaters, the passersby at this level all had pretty much the same skill in marksmanship.

3(A literal translation of 鱼塘局, which refers to a game level where most of the players are new and it's comparatively easy to win ..) It was very hard to shoot at someone riding a fast motorbike!

The rumble of the moving motorbike was also bound to attract a lot of attention in the city.

That was exactly what Daoist Guang wanted!

This was a shortcut when you had to kill a certain number of opponents but couldn't find enough people.

Daoist Guang's idea was that it would be best if someone shot at him first. He would then figure out his opponent's position based on the sound and the bullet's trajectory, and then retaliate.

Daoist Guang was just thinking this when a sharp and clear gunshot rang out!

Because of how noisy his live streaming environment was, Daoist Guang already had the game on at full volume, so the sound of the sniper rifle was very clear!

Many viewers heard it in the live stream room.

"There's a sniper! Lord Island, be careful!"

"Sounds like a SKS? And it's the kind where you don't have to take a breath in between shots?"

"It's over! Lord Island is dead! Game over!"

Daoist Guang found a house in the corner of the city he could use as cover and stopped the motorbike. When the sniper had shot at him, Daoist Guang had already tracked the sound back to lock onto his position.

On screen, Daoist Guang's character could be seen hiding behind a wall, half of his profile slightly exposed and his gaze fixed on a tower not far away.

In the live stream room, many sharp-eyed viewers followed Daoist Guang's line of sight and saw a small black dot on top of the tower.

Instantly there were cries of surprise in the bullet messages.

"Fuck! How did he see that?!"

"Lord Island is awesome! He was able to instantly determine the trajectory even when riding the motorbike!"

"Ah? Where? Why can't I see it?"

"The message in front, are you blind?! There was a muzzle flash just now from the person on top of the tower!"

Daoist Guang didn't have time to pay attention to these bullet messages. He was observing the person on top of the tower... If he wanted to perform a massacre in this city, this sniper was a huge hidden threat, so the sooner Daoist Guang got rid of him, the better.

The man's position wasn't far from him.

The main issue was that while Daoist Guang had noticed this person, he himself had clearly also been discovered.

Given the short distance between them, and after determining the enemy's general position, opening his x scope to look for the other party was too easy.

The best proof of this was when Daoist Guang, who was in a blind spot, deliberately exposed half of his body, and with a "pew" the man shot at him again.

But it hit the wall of the house in front of Daoist Guang instead of hitting him, leaving behind a clear bullet hole.

Seeing this, Wang Ling couldn't help being derisive.

This was a Fish Pond Round!

This aim was too askew!

The other party was simply a body outline-tracing master...

Almost on par with Jiang Bai!

Daoist Guang couldn't help sighing in his heart as well; this little brother's marksmanship was terrible!

But that was exactly what he wanted.

"Dare shoot me?"

Stuck behind the wall, Daoist Guang smiled calmly in his heart. Directly switching from the katana in his hand to the frying pan, he quickly headed straight for the tower.

This scene stunned everyone in the live stream room.

Even the person in the tower was stunned.

He had just made three shots; it was impossible for the man not to know that there was a sniper in the direction he was heading in now.

Also, according to the regular way of thinking, even if the other person wanted to get close enough to kill him, they would normally look for a suitable position and go around for a better chance of success.

Who would directly charge forward with a frying pan when they clearly knew that there was a sniper in front of them?

The player in the tower with the ID "GAYLIGAYQI" was stupefied.

Then he quickly came to his senses and lay down in the best position to aim at Daoist Guang through the rifle lens before pulling the trigger. "Sorry, brother, I'll accept your express delivery!"

Peng !

One shot!

Mm...

This time, it was a hit!

However, this player wasn't happy at all!

Because this shot had precisely hit the frying pan!

False positive?

Because everything had happened in an instant, it hadn't been very clear, and he had only roughly seen a spark on the frying pan in Daoist Guang's hand.

It couldn't have been that coincidental, right?

He happened to hit the pan?

In the tower, the player took a deep breath...

Peng !

Another shot!

This time, the player paid particular attention.

Hm...

Very good...

He had hit the pan again!

Or, to be more precise...

This man charging in his direction had raised the frying pan in his hand to block the bullet.

"???"

As question marks flooded the screen in the live stream, this player called "GAYLIGAYQI" instantly felt that he was in trouble!





Chapter 457 Details Decide Everything


Using a frying pan to block a bullet once could be called a coincidence... but this was the second time! Even if it was a coincidence, could it happen twice in a row?

However, it wasn't as if stopping a bullet with a frying pan didn't happen... There were times you could even wave a pan and send a hand grenade flying back!

But this basically only happened in a 'best of' collection of "funny game videos," or when people teamed up and tried countless times before succeeding in this operation. Otherwise, in most cases, it was a false positive!

At that distance, Daoist Guang had used the frying pan to send two sniper bullets flying away one after another.

If this wasn't a cheat, then this reaction truly defied the heavens!

In addition to the horde of brainless "Light Chaser" supporters madly sending "666" bullet messages and yelling "awesome," there were even more messages that were starting to get more and more intense in their questioning.

"Isn't that a cheat? Waving a pan to block bullets, and two times at that?"

"From the very beginning, Lord Island has always been an outdoor all-round entertainment live streamer. The game live stream is only three hours a day, it can't be a cheat at all!" A Light Chaser defended Daoist Guang in a bullet message.

"Does anyone know a super administrator?! Strongly requesting that a super administrator check the room 1 . The anti-cheat system is so advanced now, they'll be able to tell straight away if cheats have been used or not!"

1(This refers to admins that can enter live stream rooms at will to check whether live streamers have done anything against the rules or not.) "Yes, yes! Strongly agree! Have a super administrator check!"

"Agree! If he didn't use cheats, I'll immediately become a Light Chaser and send the live streamer ten immortal boats!"

"What? My live streamer is awesome! Go do it if you can! If you can't, can you stop yammering about it?!"

"Our Lord Island can behead you with a katana at ten thousand meters without wasting a single breath!"

"Enough! Can the reverse fans and trolls shut up and let the rest of us watch the live stream? Do you want to ruin esports 2 ?!"

2(This is a statement made by the CEO of EDward Gaming, a professional League of Legends esports team in China, in response to some players dissing the team.) Wang Ling: "..."

He felt that this last statement seemed a little familiar somehow!

...

There was increasing demand in the bullet messages to test for cheats. After all, Daoist Guang had survived until now with just a katana and had successfully killed two people. He had also blocked two sniper shots in succession with a frying pan. From an outsider's point of view, all of these looked like the operation of an immortal... including Lord Island's amazing hearing, his ability to instantly lock onto a target's location and his superb response skills, when all of these particulars were added together, suspicions of him using cheats grew stronger.

There were plenty of times when a person would be suspected of most likely using cheats when they were able to do something that no one else could.

And most important of all, Daoist Guang had been in the limelight too much in the last two days; tall trees attracting the wind 3 was also another factor.

3(Has the same meaning as the tall poppy syndrome.) Whenever Daoist Guang's live stream started, large numbers of viewers would flock in from other live stream rooms.

From the bullet messages in the live stream currently misdirecting attention and starting fights, or which even had reverse fans putting on a show, Wang Ling felt that they could be divided into three types.

Type 1: Water armies who might have been hired by other live streamers or other live streaming platforms.

Type 2: Fans of other live streamers who wanted to deliberately make trouble.

And Type 3: Those who didn't know what was going on at all but were just going with the flow...

However, since Daoist Guang wanted to engage in this industry, it was impossible to avoid these three types of people.

The waters in any circle were deep, and the live streaming industry was no exception.

Besides, even if there were times when it had been clarified whether someone had used cheats or not, only a small number of people would believe it while most of them would still believe in their own conclusions.

Clean hands didn't need to be washed; Daoist Guang's heart was as clear as a mirror. He knew very well that even if a super administrator came by to check, they wouldn't find anything, so he continued to play with an unperturbed face.

Now was not the time to care about those unreasonable bullet messages. He needed to fully concentrate on dealing with the player in the tower with the ID GAYLIGAYQI.

After Lord Island switched from the frying pan back to the katana, Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI in the tower was stunned again.

He just realized...

The person in front of him didn't have a gun! Or even a pistol!

In addition to a backpack, a helmet and armor, the only other equipment that could be seen on him were the katana and the frying pan.

On the other side of the screen, Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI had a face full of black question marks. "????"

So, this person... what on earth was he trying to do?

Did he really intend to cut him down with a sword?

This was completely unscientific!

Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI was now realizing... this LORD ISLAND wasn't a normal person at all!

At that moment, Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI finally realized the benefits of having a machine gun! If he had one in his hand right now, this LORD ISLAND wouldn't be able to continue protecting himself even if he had the frying pan!

But generally speaking, few people would be carrying a machine gun on them halfway through the game unless they were really poor and only picked up rubbish along the way.

Rifle + sniper gun were the standard equipment for most players.

Seeing that Daoist Guang was already rushing forward with his katana in hand, Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI panicked and changed his SKS sniper gun to a M16A4... As long as his aim was accurate, one shot would be enough to kill the other party.

However, Daoist Guang's assault was fiercer than he had imagined.

This was an active attack starting at the bottom of the tower.

Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI was standing at the top of the tower as he held an absolutely advantageous position.

But at this point, he began to doubt life...

He, who occupied an advantageous position, was instead like a weak lamb waiting to be slaughtered!

Daoist Guang's steps were getting closer and closer. Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI held his breath and aimed at the mouth of the corridor.

Like most players, Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI had already practiced shooting Daoist Guang in the head with his rifle countless times in his mind...

Holding his breath, he pointed the muzzle of his black rifle at the bend in the corridor.

As long as Daoist Guang dared show his head, GAYLIGAYQI would immediately start shooting wildly!

At the same time, Wang Ling noticed that the bullet messages in the live stream room had petered out.

Everyone knew that these two were on the cusp of meeting each other.

Given Daoist Guang's unfavorable position, how to kill Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI with the katana was now his biggest concern.

At this point, Wang Ling couldn't help taking a look at the number of viewers.

Number of people: 3.98 million!

Because there had been people earlier intentionally starting fights in the bullet messages, a lot of people had shared impromptu links to Daoist Guang's live stream in their chat groups, WeChat Moments, Tieba and elsewhere.

Spectating would forever be an essential attribute of online users, which had directly led to the explosive growth of viewer numbers in the live stream.

At that very moment, Daoist Guang was deliberately standing in a blind spot in the last stretch of the corridor as he flashed the katana in his hand. Seeing this, GAYLIGAYQI Little Brother became nervous and couldn't help shifting his feet for a better shooting angle.

However, it was precisely this slight step which Daoist Guang caught once again.

After confirming Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI's position, Daoist Guang charged forward with the katana without the slightest bit of hesitation!

"Fuck!"

Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI's complexion paled at Daoist Guang's ferocity and he released a spate of " da da da da ."

The bullets shot out, but Daoist Guang's body seemed to flicker a bit and the bullets brushed past him!

"The hell? Z Shake 4 ?!" Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI couldn't help exclaiming.

4(A remarkable dodging method used by the protagonist in the novel "The King's Avatar..") Because this little brother had turned on his public audio, everyone in the live stream room heard this yell.

Viewers: "..."

Wang Ling: "..." What fucking Z Shake!





Chapter 458 You Go and Be Bait...


The Z Shake was an extremely particular micro-operation. There were records of a related body movement style in Guide to Glory by Ye Shen, the grandmaster of team tactics. Many people knew of it, but few had mastered it: it was a minute and extremely quick left-and-right movement of the mouse to avoid lethal injury.

But because this operation was performed so quickly, it was completed in a blink of an eye, so to outsiders watching, it wasn't moving at all, but shaking!

Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI was really panicking now, and even the bullet messages stopped for a moment. After a few seconds, a large wave of messages flooded the screen; there weren't as many doubting ones now, and a lot of people sent Daoist Guang gifts.

As fans of Daoist Guang, Light Chasers all felt extremely proud.

"666! Lord Island is awesome! Looks like a katana is really something!"

"Lord Island is amazing! There are a lot of professional FPS players who aren't necessarily able to master this kind of body movement!"

"Those of you who suspected Lord Island of using cheats, let me ask you, are there any body movement cheats nowadays?"

The fans of other live streamers who had come over to make trouble were embarrassed and at a complete loss at the Light Chasers' pointed questions.

Because the truth indeed was that most operations nowadays were simple and crude, and it wasn't necessarily possible to design a cheat for a micro-operation like this. Generally, people who could master this kind of micro-operation... without a doubt, they had to be prodigies! Not only did this operation involve the smallest flicker left and right to dodge injury, the accuracy required indeed left people speechless.

At that time, [Has Three Days And Two Sleeps Been Updated], Daoist Guang's number one fan, used his privileged status to send a high priority bullet message sticky yet again.

It read: I've DMed a super administrator who will come over straightaway to investigate. I don't know how many water armies and reverse fans there are in the bullet messages, but I hope you will fulfill your promise... If Lord Island is found innocent, please send your gifts. Otherwise, I'll directly look for the super administrator to ban all of you if you send these kinds of bullet messages again!

It was an aggressive and intimidating statement.

"Brother Sleep is awesome!

"Oh my god! Brother Sleep actually has a super administrator's contact information?"

"Who on earth is this person?"

For the moment, a lot of people were discussing this in the bullet messages.

There was no shortage of rich big shots on the live streaming platforms, and this "Brother Sleep" was clearly one such example.

He was able to stand out among millions of people by becoming the number one fan. He wasn't just extravagant with his money; more importantly, he could actually contact a super administrator of the website... This was enough to prove that this person had an unusual identity and was likely on the level of a boss; moreover, it was possible that he and the live streaming platform were collaborators of some sort.

Someone screencapped "Brother Sheep's" high priority bullet message in the live stream room and sent it to a QQ chat group called "The League of Honest People": "Who on earth is this [Has Three Days And Two Sleeps Been Updated]?"

"Three Days And Two Sleeps? Could it be the online author Three Days And Two Sleeps?"

"Oh my god?! Three Days And Two Sleeps?" Some people were stunned because this was an existence on par with Wang Situ!

"Don't get flustered! It probably isn't... As far as I know, this author ignores his job all the time and has a habit of gaming on Bilibili's live stream. His 'demand more group 1 ' is huge, and he does everything except update. With so many fans focused on him, how can he have the time to watch a live stream?"

1(This refers to readers who pester authors to update with new chapters for ongoing online novels.) "Agree, agree! Forget watching the live stream, if his wife finds out he's given so many gifts to a new live streamer, she would probably break his legs!"

"What? Three Days And Two Sleeps is married? When? How come I didn't know?"

"Are you a Net villager2? He even has children! Do you know why there are so many novels about stay-at-home dads lately? I heard that it was Three Days And Two Sleeps who hired people to write them!" Saying that, the speaker sent an amused emoji.

2(This refers to someone behind in the times or latest news.) Given the discussion that was happening, some people couldn't help but want to check out the live stream.

This topic continued to brew and spread widely online.

Meanwhile, the number of people watching Daoist Guang's live stream at the same time had also increased from close to four million to more than 4.8 million. This spike in numbers was really baffling. However, there were onlookers adding fuel to the fire, as well as many jeering fans of other live streamers, otherwise there was no way the number could have reached this point.

While the live stream room was being very noisy, Daoist Guang had already struck Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI with his katana, and half of his health was instantly gone!

This little brother immediately had his character crouch down. "Brother! Please don't kill me!"

After thinking for a moment, Daoist Guang didn't cut him down again; he noticed that this player had already thrown down his firearm, and even the bullets littered the floor...

This dramatic scene made the game even more interesting and the live stream room became even more lively.

"Lord Island! Don't just stand there! Hurry up and kill him! There's less than fifty people left now..."

"Reminder, live streamer, you still have eighteen people to kill!"

Some people couldn't help sending reminders in the bullet messages, but Daoist Guang didn't look at them at all.

He switched the katana out for his frying pan and couldn't help laughing. "Young man, you have promise!"

The dazzling katana disappeared, which made Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI sigh in relief. "Brother, you're so awesome! Shall we team up? If we get to the last circle and we're still alive, how about we fight to the death then?"

"Fight to the death? No, that doesn't make any sense at all."

Daoist Guang shook his head and directly rejected him. "You can't fight against me for sure."

Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI: "..."

Daoist Guang: "In addition to the Z Shake, I can in fact also do the S and M Shakes... Of the twenty-six letters in the English alphabet, I've already mastered half of them. Are you going to bludgeon me with your head instead?"

Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI: "..."

Saying this, Daoist Guang also crouched down. They were standing on a high vantage point. When they crouched down, they were completely hidden, so no one could hit them at all.

Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI didn't know whether to cry or laugh. "Then brother, what should we do... If I can follow you, getting second place is good enough for me!"

"Second place is meaningless. Young man, you have to be a little more ambitious!" Daoist Guang smiled.

"..."

"I can make you champion; for me, killing twenty people is enough."

"Ah? Then brother expert, what do you want me to do?"

"Very simple: you go and be bait!"

Bait?

This little brother understood and immediately nodded in agreement. "I'll do it! I'll be the bait! Brother expert, you can pick up the gun and bullets on the floor, your shooting skills must be very accurate!"

Daoist Guang tsked. "When did I say I was going to use a gun?"

The little brother gave a wobbly smile. "Brother expert, you don't use a gun... but you still want to kill twenty people? Are you really going to chop down twenty people with this katana?"

Daoist Guang's face said 'Naturally.'"That's right!"

The little brother: "..."

Daoist Guang looked at the map; the next circle had started to shrink.

The city they were squatting in happened to be the safe zone! Soon, there would be a huge wave of people rushing here from all over the place!

For Daoist Guang, this was a great opportunity to carry out his slaughter!

"Look at the map. We're right in the middle of the safe zone. Very soon, a lot of people will be rushing over here."

Daoist Guang said intently, "There are less than fifty people left; your mission is to lure them in! Put on a good show, little brother, I'm a live streamer! Right now, more than four million brothers are watching you on the live stream!"

The little brother: "..."

Daoist Guang: "Don't worry, I said earlier that the whole game is my pig farm! I can guarantee you'll be the winner! I won't move from here, you go down the tower and lure in as many people as possible! The best is to trigger a 'ten thousand pigs swarming the tower 3 ' outcome by taunting the crowd 4 ."

3(When fans attack someone for making negative comments about their star players.)

4(A literal translation of a gaming term for taunting multiple monsters to make them all attack at the same time ..) The little brother: "..."





Chapter 459 Newbies Are Monsters!


Wang Ling stared at this number one fan "Brother Sleep's" bullet message for a long time. Somehow, the other party felt familiar; the tone and style of his words gave Wang Ling a sense of deja vu.

While he lowered his head, lost in thought, he saw that the bullet messages in Daoist Guang's live stream had once again maxed out after Daoist Guang had joined forces with a passerby little brother.

Wang Ling had to filter the bullet messages.

The bullet messages in Daoist Guang's live stream had increased to such a frightening amount; if they weren't controlled, the game couldn't even be seen anymore!

In the game, Daoist Guang and this Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI hadn't moved and were still crouched on the top of the tower.

A moment later, viewers in the live stream heard this little brother exclaim, "What the hell! Brother expert, you're really actually a live streamer!"

He had never heard the name "Lord Island"- obviously, this was a new live streamer. Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI was a big fan of watching live streams, and there was no way he wouldn't know the veteran live streamers.

Of course, the little brother wasn't discriminating against newbies! He just thought that it was really a little too scary that a new live streamer he had never heard of could perform this level of body movement!

Sure enough! The newbies nowadays were all monsters!

Then the little brother looked at the current number of people in the live stream room and felt like he couldn't breathe as he was shocked once again...

Nearly five million people!!!

A new live streamer...

How had he done it?

In the live stream, a string of bullet messages immediately flew past.

"Congratulations, little brother, you're on TV!"

" Hehehe , little brother, did you come here to check out the room? Are you happy? Are you surprised? Are you thrilled?"

"Good luck, little brother! Lord Island will lead you to first place! Steady on! The two of you can win this!"

"..."

The little brother chose to turn off the bullet messages for the time being as they were blocking the screen. He looked at the "Brother Expert" whose face was densely covered with the bullet messages.

For someone to be able to perform such a precise operation, he had thought that it was perhaps a young little brother player; he had never ever expected the person sitting in front of a screen in the live stream to be a grandfather whose hair and beard were all gray! As a grandfather live streamer... his voice sounded too young! It was too magnetic! And too nice to listen to!

Voice wasn't a strict condition to be a live streamer, but it was a bonus, especially for some "voice-cons"; a pleasant-sounding voice could indeed bring in a lot of fans.

Thus, Daoist Guang had altered his voice, but not with a voice converter. Instead, it was a large-scale beautifying sound wave spell which could combine elements of each viewer's imagination in their minds to create Daoist Guang's voice for them.

In other words, each of the almost five million viewers in the live stream room now were hearing different versions of Daoist Guang's voice.

Wang Ling had seen through this trick from the very beginning. After all, Daoist Guang was a True Immortal, and casting a spell of this level was really too easy for him.

However, this kind of beautifying sound wave spell had completely no effect on Wang Ling; the voice he was hearing now was still Daoist Guang's original voice.

It was deep, with the flavor of rich experience...

...

"..."

The little brother collected his thoughts.

He was still in the game, so he didn't spend too long in the live stream room. He quickly turned off his phone and focused his attention on the game in front of him once again.

Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI's heart was still shaking at the live stream's huge popularity just now... Five million people! Everybody was watching him!

The little brother's heart was beating so fast that he could hardly speak properly. "Bro... Brother expert, how long have you been a live streamer?"

Daoist Guang: "Less than a week."

The little brother took a breath. "Then are you a majia ...?"

Daoist Guang: "A majia ? What's that?" As an old man thousands of years old who had been "dead" for a period of time, and who had only just recently encountered the Internet, Daoist Guang was still not very clear on a lot of online jargon.

The little brother sweated and explained to Daoist Guang. " Majia means an alternate account."

Daoist Guang: "Oh, no. I'm really just a mengxin 1 ."

1(The literal translation is 'cute and new,' and basically refers to newbies.) The little brother: "..."

Daoist Guang: "Anyway, doesn't 'alternate account' also mean peeing 2 ?"

2(The term for 'alternate account' in Chinese also has the meaning 'to pee'.) "Pft!" The little brother laughed.

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ling couldn't help looking at the bullet messages, and a group of troublemakers were already flooding the screen with "Huaxiu nation's culture is extensive and profound" messages...

Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI now suddenly understood why Daoist Guang was so popular as a new live streamer!

He was funny and had pretty good skills. Unlike other live streamers, he was able to find another way to have fun in this type of shooting game, and was relying on just a katana to kill twenty people... this was a real gimmick!

The most important thing was that he was unexpectedly a grandfather with a very nice voice!

If he hadn't seen the live stream, Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI would have really thought that Lord Island was a youngster.

It was over! This little brother realized he had already become a fan of Daoist Guang!

These days, there were truly very few live streamers who performed well, were talented, and had a nice voice!

Little Brother decided that as soon as he finished this round, he would subscribe to the live stream!

Therefore, in order to leave a good impression on Lord Island, he had to perform well!

Thinking this, Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI took a deep breath. "Lord Island, what should we do now? I am yours to command!"

He had already picked up the equipment he had thrown on the floor earlier, and was fully armed.

Daoist Guang felt that the tower they were in was a very good position. It was open in all directions and could be considered the best vantage point in the city with the widest view. Furthermore, looking at the map, Daoist Guang thought that the tower they were in was probably the final "god-blessed circle."

Generally speaking, however, no one would choose to make a stand here, because once someone threw a grenade over here, the tower would explode, leading directly to death.

But Daoist Guang wasn't afraid.

However many grenades were thrown at them, he would receive them all with his frying pan.

Daoist Guang listened carefully, then pointed the katana in one direction where he had heard movement. "Someone is in that direction. Be careful when you turn the corner into the alley and look for cover. Just lure them in, you don't have to be so enthusiastic about fighting. I'll use a ball 3 as much as possible!"

3(A ball formation is a number of units moving together as one group.) Viewers: "..."

Wang Ling: "..." What damn ball!

"Very well!" The little brother nodded and was about to have his character go down the tower.

Daoist Guang was surprised and stopped him. "Wait! Do you have heal items?"

The little brother paused. "Yes, four Med Kits and drinks."

Daoist Guang couldn't help laughing. "You should restore your health before you go."

"Man! I almost forgot!" Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI patted himself on the head! He had been too excited just now, he had forgotten to heal himself! As a result, he still had only half of his health until now.

For some reason, Wang Ling felt that Daoist Guang and this little brother were a little adorable in how different they were.

Before he left, the little brother looked back and asked Daoist Guang, "Lord Island, my mission is to just attract people, right?"

Daoist Guang nodded. "Yes, then try to protect yourself after that and come back to the tower later to find me."

"Okay! It's just luring people in! Leave it to me, Lord Island, I used to do this before." The little brother rushed out in high spirits.

Wang Ling and Daoist Guang were both stupefied.

Used to do?

After leaving Daoist Guang, this little brother then fired his gun directly into the air as he shouted at the same time. "Come, come, take a look, find out how swimming keeps you fit 4 ..."

4(This is a sales slogan that became a sarcastic or mocking way of greeting people ..) Daoist Guang: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 460 Meeting Is the Destiny Which Is Too Wonderful for Words...


The bullet messages on the live stream screen instantly burst into exceptionally delighted laughter following Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI's professional gym marketing cry.

"Does this little brother work as a fitness instructor?"

"Not necessarily, he might have had a part-time job distributing leaflets before..."

For a while, many people couldn't help trying to guess the little brother's identity.

Based solely on his performance earlier, the little brother's marksmanship could be said to be very bad, to the extent that Wang Ling thought it was on par with Jiang Bai, the son of the head of the Kitchen Knife Sect at school, and his body outline-tracing arrows. However, this passerby little brother was very entertaining and seemed quite funny.

However bad a player you were, being able to entertain the audience while gaming was number one.

Even live stream gamers were divided into entertainment and professional live streamers.

Thus, on many current live streaming platforms, it was common to see a lot of live stream duos. Their roles were usually clearly separated, with one in charge of skill and the other in charge of humor. Based on this, many people immediately thought that Lord Island and Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI were quite compatible!

"Lord Island, Lord Island! Want to try winning double first place with Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI?"

"This little brother is stupidly adorable, I think this can work."

"I think it's totally OK!"

"Let's talk about it after they win..."

A lot of people were being rowdy in the bullet messages, but Daoist Guang paid them no attention. He crouched down in the tower with his katana in hand as he listened to the fragmented sounds of Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI's footsteps up ahead. Actually, the footsteps of all game characters were pretty much the same, and when they overlapped, it was very hard to pick individual ones out.

But when Daoist Guang had watched the little brother walk out in that direction, a radar had automatically taken shape in his mind as he marked the little brother's position. From the sound of his footsteps, he was already pretty close to that group.

Daoist Guang's guess was that this group which had hurried over from another town was also a temporary squad of four people.

Although this was single player mode, in order to improve the chances of winning the Fish Pond Round, many people coming across other players in the first circle would propose to mutually cooperate with each other and divide their equipment and supplies equally. When the number of people was reduced to a particular limit, like if there were only twenty people left, they would disperse once again to fight each other.

This was in fact quite the test of trust...

Because there were times when some players would deliberately propose an alliance and ultimately stab others in the back in order to brush up their KDA 1.

1(Kill/Death/Assist stats.) Daoist Guang had in fact already seen someone suggest in a bullet message that he and the little brother team up in the future.

To be honest, he thought that this was good advice, but he still needed to see what this little brother's general level was like. It didn't matter if he was bad, as long as he could move forward. Besides, sending someone out to lure people in was something that only worked for sure in the Fish Pond Round... After all, there were a lot of fools in the Fish Pond Round!

If it was a round which depended on high ability, it would be a showdown between experts.

Forget openly trying to lure the other party in; if you dared show yourself, you would be shot in the head straightaway, no questions asked.

The little brother had already been gone for twenty to thirty seconds, and Daoist Guang and his water friends 2 in the live stream room were all waiting for news. To be honest, though this seemed an easy thing to do, it might not necessarily work. If that little brother was killed, Daoist Guang would have wasted a lot of time here and definitely wouldn't be able to achieve his target of twenty kills.

2(Mutuals on social media platforms.) But there were times when Daoist Guang preferred to trust his intuition...

He had chosen not to kill this little brother earlier because he felt that this was profound destiny!

There was a saying...

Meeting is a destiny which is too wonderful for words 3 ...

3(This si derived from a common line in a particular TV program.) There were fewer and fewer people now. There were only forty-odd people left, but Daoist Guang still had eighteen people to kill.

Many people were discussing this on the screen and sending all kinds of gloating bullet messages.

This group of people had all bet that Daoist Guang wouldn't be able to kill twenty people; in their eyes, it was basically hopeless for him now. Their winnings might not be much, but in any case, it was a sure win. It was a discount on immortal elixirs! Live streaming platforms opened discount days every two months for viewers who wanted discounts when converting immortal elixirs into HNY.

One million immortal elixirs was equal to eight hundred HNY, which actually wasn't much. But in the end, it was about the entertainment value: being happy was the most important thing.

"Give up, live streamer, you've already lost!"

"I don't think that little brother is coming back!"

"If that little brother acting as bait is killed, it's an instant game over for the live streamer!"

Many people stared at the top right corner of the screen in the game. The players in the current circle were more cautious and there would be fewer deaths. If the little brother died, his ID would appear in the top right corner of the public screen.

"This little brother won't die, right..."

"Who knows! But I feel 'getting a card to swim and get fit' this phrase isn't appealing at all!"

For a while, many Light Chasers were anxious. They didn't understand how "Lord Island" could be so confident as he patiently kept watch. Given the current number of people, if he didn't go out and risk everything now, just killing ten people would be pretty good already, not to mention twenty!

All the players were fighting... the game was in its final stage and the number of players was dwindling one at a time!

What an annoying live streamer!

After another thirty seconds or so, Daoist Guang and his water friends in the live stream room finally heard the little brother's familiar cry. "Lord Island! Lord Island! Here I come!"

The little brother was jumping and running as bullets flew at him. He had already been hit!

Through Daoist Guang's viewpoint, the water friends in the live stream could see Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI being chased by four people!

There were cries of surprise in the bullet messages: Oh my god! He really lured people over! This little brother is not bad!

The little brother very quickly covered the distance back to the tower. He stayed low as he climbed the tower. When he was halfway up, he lay prone on the floor to heal himself.

"How is it?" Daoist Guang moved his character to the little brother's side as reinforcement.

"Residual Blood 4 ! My bulletproof vest is almost gone! But thankfully I'm not dead yet..." The little brother was sweating. After all, he had run through a hail of bullets from four people!

4(Very low health.) "What about your helmet? Is it damaged?" Daoist Guang asked.

The little brother examined his equipment. "No... It's intact."

The water friends in the live stream could already no longer help ridiculing the situation...

This was in the end a Fish Pond Round, and its level was really low!

No wonder these four people chasing him couldn't kill him!

It turned out that they were all bad players...

"There's actually four people!" Daoist Guang had already determined earlier on how many people they were from their footsteps, and pretended to smile nervously in front of the screen.

But his expression changed very quickly as he said coldly, "But they all have to die!"

The first player was already charging at them. "The guy promoting swimming to keep fit! Come out! I know you're in the tower! What I hate the most are damn salesmen!"

The player was about to rush upstairs with his rifle, but just as he approached the base of the tower, he saw a figure carrying a blade of light fall from the sky...

Daoist Guang was too fast!

This time, Lord Island didn't say anything unnecessary and just directly beheaded the player!

This player didn't even have time to shout out as he straightaway turned into a box.

At the same time, the kill notification had already appeared in the top right corner of the public screen.

Player "LORD ISLAND" has used "Katana" to kill player "HaroRunDeKuai" with a headshot.

Three kills...





Chapter 461 Er Ha's Nest Egg


Three kills...

And yet another headshot with the katana!

As said previously, the probability of a katana being dropped in the game was very limited. Even the probability of a game live streamer picking up a katana at all was extremely low, but in Daoist Guang's hand, it really made people realize how frightening the katana was! If you were hit in the head in a melee, you would be killed. Even if you wore a level three helmet, it was useless!

This kind of injury really left people speechless.

Moreover, after this third kill, there was actually no one left who doubted whether Daoist Guang could kill people with a katana - this was already the third person. Furthermore, many people had noticed that each time Daoist Guang had struck the opponent's head, he jumped slightly to ensure accuracy in that one moment when he raised his katana as he aimed at the head, killing his opponent in one swipe!

These were all detailed micro-operations.

For those water friends who had seen Daoist Guang's Z Shake body movement, there was little need to doubt Daoist Guang's ability to perform micro-operations.

After Daoist Guang obtained his third kill, the other three players who had teamed up with this passerby player realized that there was something fishy about this situation.

Then they saw the notification in the top right corner of the public screen:Player "LORD ISLAND" used "Katana" to kill player "HaroRunDeKuai" with a headshot...

The three people were instantly stunned.

The fuck?! Dead?

Using a katana for headshots... excuse me, what kind of operation was this!

These three players were obviously newbies, and had never encountered such an amazing operation before, so they all instantly started to panic a little.

Daoist Guang was in the mouth of the corridor, out of the other party's line of sight. He saw them load up on bullets, but they didn't do anything else.

A moment later, one of the male characters who was wearing a miniskirt grit his teeth. "I'll go check; if I die, pick up the heal items on the ground! Take turns fighting the person inside; I'm guessing it's probably an expert!"

Before this chivalrous little brother left, he threw all his heal items on the ground, including a Med Kit and some First Aid Kits...

Seeing this, many water friends couldn't resist teasing him in the bullet messages.

"Tch, ten passersby in the circle are moved..."

"Damn! Isn't this big brother too chivalrous!"

"I get a fuzzy feeling knowing that there are this kind of people in the world... Why does this First Aid Kit look so delicious somehow?!"

"Ha ha ha! The message in front, wait a minute! Do you have cravings after watching A Bite of China 1 Season 3?"

1(A Chinese documentary television series on the history of food, eating, and cooking in China) ...

Daoist Guang was also moved by this scene.

Strangers could actually build this type of trust with each other in such a short time in an online game; games really were magical things!

Daoist Guang sighed in his heart as he watched that little brother who had already given up all his heal items come charging in, already heroically facing death.

At that moment, Daoist Guang was deeply moved...

Then, he slashed this little brother.

A notification appeared in the top right corner of the public screen: Player "LORD ISLAND" used "Katana" to kill player "Clearseven" with a headshot...

Four kills...

The remaining two passersby were utterly stunned; they hadn't even heard their comrade fire off any shots in front of them! How come he died?

They crouched outside the tower to talk it over.

"What should we do now?"

"It's fine, we have so many heal items now! Just do as the brother said, take turns going in; if you fall to Residual Blood, retreat! This person is holed up in the tower and won't come out to hunt us anyway!"

The two players made a quick decision after some discussion.

Ten seconds later...

A message popped up on the public screen yet again: Player "LORD ISLAND" used "Katana" to kill player "PDDnoJJi" with a headshot...

Player "LORD ISLAND" used "Katana" to kill player "KuXuanzuiShuai" with a headshot...

Six kills...

The viewers: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

After a brief silence, the bullet messages in the live stream exploded again!

"Holy crap! Six kills? With a headshot each time? Headshot cheat! Evidence!"

"Lord Island is really precise with the katana, I'm totally convinced!"

"I feel these four people can't play; if they had gone in together, this wouldn't have happened..."

"It's a Fish Pond Round, what can you expect?"

"I've decided; in the future, I'll use custom mode and train hard in the katana, and set up a katana school!"

In that time, a lot of people on the screen sent gifts...

But Daoist Guang wasn't in the mood to take a look at these things for the time being.

The current situation wasn't bad. He had to strike while the iron was hot, or it would really be too late.

At that point, there were only thirty-six people left in the game — he had to kill fourteen more!

Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI picked up a bag happily after he saw that Lord Island had successfully killed four people. The four of them together were quite rich! There were more heal items than they could carry. The little brother restored his energy to full health, then switched to a brand new level three bulletproof vest to ensure his safety.

"Lord Island, there's so many heal items here that I can't pick all of them up!" After a taste of the first wave, the little brother was in high spirits — luring people in and chopping them to death one by one was simply exhilarating!

The little brother: "Where is everyone, Lord Island? Should I go out and lure in another wave?"

Daoist Guang smiled. "You don't have to take risks; there are fewer people now, so you should protect yourself, otherwise you won't be able to win first place later. Scatter the extra resources randomly nearby so that they ultimately lead back to the tower."

"OK!"

After the first tacit collaboration, Little Brother completely understood.

What Medical Kit... toss!!!

What First Aid Kit... toss!!!

What painkillers, energy drinks... toss!!!

4x scope, 8x scope... toss!!!

Among the four people that had been killed, one person had a very precious skirt, but the little brother didn't want it, and directly threw it on the ground...

When the water friends in the live stream saw Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI randomly toss these supplies he had picked up earlier at the mouths of the alleys around the tower, they couldn't help the way their lips twitched. Bullet messages flooded the screen.

"He... didn't even want the miniskirt? He also tossed the Med Kit?"

"Damn! So rich? Casually throwing away so many things?"

"Fuck! This is the One Piece 2 in the game!"

2(The ultimate treasure in the pirate manga series of the same name ..) "Lord Island, Lord Island... Your little brother is littering!"

"It doesn't matter." Daoist Guang found the time to look at the bullet messages at this moment. "We're in a good circle. When these people come into the city, they'll definitely want to occupy a high vantage point, so they'll come to my tower. I'll use these supplies to lure them in. If they pick them up, they'll reach the tower, and sooner or later they'll have to spit them all out again."

Hearing Daoist Guang's answer, a lot of people couldn't help the way their lips twitched.

They realized that as a game live streamer...

Daoist Guang was really very playful!

Just then, Wang Ling, who had been watching the live stream the whole time, suddenly noticed a gift message float across the screen: [Level 1 Light Chaser: Immortal Two] gave Lord Island [One Immortal Boat] gift and has risen to [Level 3 Light Chaser].

Immortal Two?

Wang Ling was stupefied. "..."

He looked out the window; sure enough, he saw Er Ha in the garden watching the live stream!

The issue was... when had this guy become so rich?





Chapter 462 Daoist Guang's Figurine Plan


Wang Ling didn't watch Daoist Guang's live stream to the end. After all, the exams were coming soon, and even if it was him, it was still important to study for them. Most crucially, for Wang Ling, they weren't purely just exams, but a game where he had to precisely control the final exam results...

His scores could neither be low nor high. If they were low, his teachers would be unhappy. If they were high, Father Wang would have a heart-to-heart chat with him.

He had already done the revision for the Dao talismans class, and could more or less manipulate his score so that it would be above the class average. Teacher Pan never set her papers the normal way, and was very fond of including questions not covered in the syllabus. To Wang Ling, these questions were actually very simple, but he couldn't answer them!

That was because in most cases, the people who could answer this type of questions were the cream of the crop in the elite class, such as Sun Rong and Su Xiao, who were the outstanding elites that Teacher Pan would often single out for praise. However, this was too ostentatious and made Wang Ling very uncomfortable... so he would pretend that he couldn't answer the questions.

Actually, this kind of feeling was quite unbearable. It was like when the children next door had just learned the multiplication table and came running over to test you; you had to smile and pretend you didn't know it...

What was most important in taking an exam? Attitude!

Of course, not just in an exam, but also in other types of work.

Wang Ling remembered not long ago when a member of a national top MOBA team had gone out with a girl the night before a competition and hadn't participated in the training 1 . As a result, the team suffered a historic crushing defeat in the second round: zero towers, zero dragons and zero heads... A very cool fan even expressly sent the player a song mocking him.

1(This refers to Chen "Haro," a jungler for EDward Gaming.) So no matter what, attitude was everything...

After looking at his review materials for about five minutes, Wang Ling closed his maths textbook and exercise book.

He had finished doing his revision...

Looking at the room clock, Wang Ling couldn't help sighing: Time passed by so slowly!

Elsewhere, Daoist Guang had already logged out of the live stream. The screen in the live stream room was dark, but there were still over one million people inside who were posting "666" like crazy.

It looked like everything had happened as Daoist Guang had intended: relying on a katana, he had killed twenty people and had led Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI toward becoming the winner.

It was unfathomable to a lot of people, and was even more amazing than the return of cheat live streamer Nuomi 2 ...

2(Muoyinnuomi is an infamous game live streamer who had initially been banned for using cheats in PUBG, but for some reason had had his ban lifted recently.) In the three-person chat group comprising Wang Ling, Lord Thunder and Daoist Guang...

After going offline, Daoist Guang immediately sent a few amused emojis. " Hia hia hia , this old man set the trend this time and I have at least a million more fans!"

Lord Thunder: "Mm, I saw Brother Guang's live stream. You killed twenty people with a katana and as per your agreement, you made that passerby little brother the winner in the end. Brother Guang, you're quite remarkable..."

Daoist Guang: "But this way of winning is too eye-catching, and I can't use it all the time. In a high-level round, no matter how precise the katana is, it's still no match for a bullet to the head. I was quite lucky with my success today; in the end, these juniors were still too young."

Lord Thunder: "The super administrator showed up and didn't detect Brother Light using cheats, but I have a feeling that Brother Light did cast a minor spell?"

Daoist Guang laughed. "Brother Lei, you're so smart! This can't be considered a cheat, right?"

Lord Thunder: "Not at all... You're an immortal to begin with..."

Daoist Guang laughed. "My grand plan right now is to pull in more fans and eventually sway these people into becoming my believers and have them make figurines for me. In this way, I may be able to successfully pass through the Samsara Spirit Tribulation..."

Lord Thunder was shocked. "There's this type of operation?"

Daoist Guang: "It's also my first time hearing about figurines... But we can certainly try it out. If I'm using figurines instead of statues to get through the tribulation, all the material specifications have to be the same, and my figurine has to be made very meticulously."

Lord Thunder shook his head and said in the chat group, "I think it'll be a bit difficult!'

Detailed figurines were very expensive nowadays, and in this day and age, they weren't just figurines; they weren't just for show or collecting.

There were a lot of very costly figurines on the market now which had personally been enlightened by Almightys. You could carry one on you, and if you encountered an unexpected situation, like something suddenly falling from the sky, the figurine would automatically emit a protective golden light... The most expensive figurine cost 9.8 billion immortal gold bars, and it was said that this figurine's life could be traded for yours!

That was to say, even if you were the subject of an extremely inauspicious divination, the figurine could help you avert danger!

But this was 9.8 billion... and it was in immortal gold bars! No one could afford this sky-high price; it was almost as much as the total wealth of an international top 100 corporation.

Thinking this, Lord Thunder couldn't help looking at the Soul-Suppression Ring he was wearing; it could also avert danger, and its effects were obviously more world-defying than that crazy expensive enlightened figurine.

Daoist Guang clearly shared Lord Thunder's line of thought as he typed, "I checked up on figurines before, and I know there's an extremely expensive one worth 9.8 billion immortal gold bars which can trade its life for yours."

Lord Thunder nodded. "That's right, Brother Guang, I heard that the figurine had been meticulously created by tens of thousands of skilled craftsmen to the extent that even every pore is lifelike. For the sake of authenticity, a blackhead had even been specially stuck onto the figurine's nose during the planning process."

Daoist Guang nodded. "Yes, I can imagine that's the case. A figurine of this level would certainly have some great death swap spell fused into it, but few people are capable of casting this kind of spell."

Lord Thunder: "Could it be Immortal Zhenyuan?"

Daoist Guang's lips twitched. "Given that senior's niaoxing 3 , it really is possible that he might have made this figurine!"

3(Niaoxing literally translates into 'urine character,' and while it can be an offensive term, it is also used to describe someone who is awesome or cool for doing something extraordinary ..) Lord Thunder: "..."

Daoist Guang: "But I don't need such a high grade figurine. As long as my features are detailed enough, that would be fine. Brother Lei, do you know anyone who can do it?"

Lord Thunder: "I truly don't! I'll have to ask my friends... If you really want to get figurines made, we have to be careful in our search. Nowadays, the figurines made in those small workshops outside are all grossly misshapen..."

"Ha ha ha!"

Daoist Guang sent a teary smile emoji. "By the way, Brother Lei, why hasn't Senior Ling said anything in our three-person chat group? I know he's been looking for ways for me to regain my physical body, but since I've decided to try using figurines to go through the Samsara Spirit Tribulation, then this matter is no longer an urgent one..."

Lord Thunder: "Mm, just say it directly. Brother Ling's lurking; he has definitely read it!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 463 Honest Person Ling Zhenren


It was July 12th on Wednesday in the twelfth week of the semester.

In the morning, Er Ha stuck the inheritance talisman on its forehead and squatted outside the front door to gather the spirit of heaven and earth as well as absorb the power of Sword Dao that was in the inheritance talisman. This spiritual qi was at its purest at sunrise, and was very conducive to cultivation.

At the moment, Er Ha had only mastered about five percent of the contents of the inheritance talisman... but it felt that it was already stronger than before!

After all, this was the power of Sword Dao of the Three Thousand Great Spells. To be able to inherit even just a fraction of it meant infinite power...

After the inheritance talisman had been stuck on for a while, Er Ha felt that its head was almost full to bursting and swollen a little painfully. This was to be expected since the profound truth of this great spell was filling its mind.

Er Ha stretched up to remove the inheritance talisman with its dog paw.

When this happened, it wasn't good to continue receiving the inheritance. It needed to take some time to rest and allow the profound truth of the great spell to be fully absorbed before continuing... Er Ha was well aware that this couldn't be rushed and needed to be slowly refined and absorbed a bit at a time.

Some people could go their whole lives without ever comprehending the power of great spells. Now that Er Ha could master one such spell merely by using an inheritance talisman, it felt that it had nothing to complain about.

There was a balance to everything. Although Er Ha wouldn't be able to digest it for a while, it was just a matter of time.

Looking at the sky, Er Ha recalled its prophetic dream. It didn't know what would happen to the Tuntian Ha clan in the future, but Elder Wen's call for help had been real.

Usually, the events of a prophetic dream would definitely happen within a month, which was coming to an end soon. Er Ha was suddenly worried about the future of the Tuntian Ha clan. Although its body had changed, its identity as the tenth generation leader would never change.

In the eyes of many clansmen, it was already dead. But it hadn't actually died, and given that the Sky-Swallowing clan was still without a leader, it felt that the clan was its responsibility.

Er Ha held out one light green dog paw, and sharp, white fingernails slid out between its claws, covered in a faint golden spirit light. This was the special effect of the Sword Dao aura on its claws, but it was clearly far from enough; it had only inherited five percent of "the ten-meter sword circle" which was Evil Sword God's Sword Dao attribute. If it really wanted to exhibit the ten-meter sword circle effect, it had to comprehend at least fifty percent of Sword Dao.

Er Ha roughly guessed that at its current comprehension progress, it would take at least half a month to inherit half of the power of Sword Dao in the inheritance talisman.

It didn't know if it could catch up in time to respond to the catastrophe facing the toad clan in its prophetic dream...

Er Ha had its own considerations on this matter. It had thought before that if the worst case scenario happened, it would just ask Little Master Ling for help.

But the problem was that Little Master Ling would be facing his midterm exams right away! How would he have time to worry about this type of pesky little incident...

In the end, Er Ha didn't ask Little Master Ling for help after thinking about it for quite a while. It thought it would be best if it could handle this matter properly itself.

...

During preparations for the midterm exams, the school teachers set papers like crazy, as if they had been injected with chicken blood.

The PE teachers who were supposed to be the best of the lot suddenly turned weak and sickly. All the teachers who occupied the PE class slots gave the same reason: Your PE teacher is ill!

So this morning, Teacher Pan was already in the classroom, sitting in front of the dais in a grave manner and marking the test papers from yesterday's Dao talismans class.

Now was a critical period. Chen Chao and Guo Hao were usually the earliest to arrive at school.

One characteristic which these two people had in common was that they tended to overdo one particular thing: one was good at arts while the other one was good at science. Furthermore, they were actually at the top level in class in these respective areas.

Therefore, it had become their daily routine to come to school early and take what they needed by copying each other's homework.

Wang Ling didn't know where Teacher Pan had heard about this. The reason she was in class early that day was to prevent delinquent behavior such as some opportunistic students coming to school early to copy homework in the morning.

So Chen Chao and Guo Hao were flabbergasted when they entered the classroom that morning...

Shit?!

Why was Old Pan so early today?

The two people stood at the door to the classroom with extreme alarm in their hearts.

Teacher Pan was grading the test papers with the air of a worldly elder.

It could only be said that Teacher Pan was in the end Teacher Pan, a pioneer teacher at Number 60 High School.

She was well aware of any schemes that the students harbored in their hearts.

Like the students who had just entered the classroom; with their darting eyes and their unnatural movements, they were obviously behaving very abnormally!

Teacher Pan immediately judged that the reason for their surprised expressions was either they hadn't done their homework, or they had decided to come to class in the morning to copy each other's homework, only to find her in the classroom.

Sometimes she could tell what the students were thinking with just one look.

Teacher Pan cast sidelong glances at Chen Chao and Guo Hao as she feigned marking the papers with an unperturbed attitude. Her eyes were like target auto-locks that saw through cheats, which made the two boys shudder a little. "Su Xiao doesn't need to collect the homework today; I'll collect them myself. You two, please hurry up and put them on the dais."

Chen Chao: "..."

Guo Hao: "..."

The two people couldn't help shouting in their hearts in unison:Motherfucker...

It was still so damn early in the morning!

Four o'clock!

Even if a teacher-in-charge wanted to use the morning self-study period, they still wouldn't come to the classroom until seven o'clock!

Chen Chao and Guo Hao immediately felt that Teacher Pan was a little insane...

Which teacher-in-charge would come to school to mark homework at four o'clock?!

A teacher's salary was calculated according to how many classes they had. Working early until late was part and parcel of the job, and there was no overtime pay at all.

At that moment, Chen Chao and Guo Hao felt that there was absolutely no need to doubt Old Pan's dedication to her work.

Now that she was in the classroom staring at them, there was no way for them to copy homework.

Neither of the two students said a word. They went back to their respective seats and began to finish up their homework.

Looking at this scene, Teacher Pan didn't say anything and continued marking homework as if she hadn't seen anything.

She had seen too many of all kinds of students, including those who used all types of methods to cheat in exams.

Now was the era of national cultivation, and this was the critical juncture in particular before the midterm exams. As a Golden Core teacher, she could go without sleep for more than ten days without feeling tired. Forget the fact it was four o'clock in the morning; she never got off work and was at school the entire time as she had to watch these students closely and have them improve their performance as much as possible before the midterm exams!

After all, they were young and playful, and sometimes pretty cheeky...

She had to keep an eye on them.

At that moment, Teacher Pan suddenly thought of someone.

She thought that Wang Ling was really pretty good; his grades might be straight down the middle, but in any case, he was an honest person!





Chapter 464 Destitute and Dejected Mo Immortal Castle


This time, the midterm exams at Number 60 High School would adopt the half-day exam mode, which meant an exam a day.

As for the reason behind this, Headmaster Chen of Number 60 High School certainly had his own considerations. On the one hand, it was to ease the pressure on students; on the other hand, it was to give students enough time to do their revision for the exams.

Many students would initially be delighted when they heard about this kind of half-day exam system... that was because when half-day exams were carried out for the two major exams, which were the midterms and the finals, lessons would usually be suspended and students could go home directly after the exams!

This time, however, due to Teacher Pan's strong request, the suspension of lessons was cancelled...

It could only be said that, as a teaching pioneer at Number 60 High School, Teacher Pan was indeed Teacher Pan. Thanks to her silver tongue, she had forced the headmaster to accept her admonishment and change the system of suspending lessons during the exam period.

When the news got out, resentment of Teacher Pan in all the classes instantly reached an unprecedented high.

The first two class periods were given over to the Dao talismans course. The class was utterly silent. After she was done with the lesson, Teacher Pan left the classroom with a pile of test papers in her arms. The sound of her footsteps had barely faded when the students had already started to make noise, growing louder and louder until they completely exploded.

"Old Pan is crazy..." Chen Chao couldn't help complaining after class.

"It's certainly a very hateful thing to do, but it doesn't matter. There's nothing to do at home during this time anyway..." Guo Hao spread his hands.

"Not playing games?" Chen Chao asked.

"What play game... As long as I don't miss Lord Island's live stream, everything else is fine. Did you watch yesterday's live stream? With a katana in hand, he cut a power cord and his way was lit with sparks1 as he directly killed twenty people and made a passerby little brother the winner in the end," Guo Hao said. "I also heard that after the live stream, Lord Island contacted the passerby little brother and plans to pair up with him in the future."

1(From the book title, used here to mean that he was cool.) Chen Chao couldn't help tsking. "...This little brother is going to hit it big!"

Chin in hand, Guo Hao had an enigmatic expression on his face. "Mm, and do you know, I suspect this little brother is very likely someone from our school. No, not suspect - I'm sure of it!"

Su Xiao also came closer and asked curiously, "Someone from our school? Why do you say that?"

Guo Hao: "You know, Lord Island live streams from an island, but it's very strange as no one recognizes it - I have an uncle who works at the Telecommunications Bureau. He was curious about Lord Island and the little brother so he checked their IP addresses."

Chen Chao: "What were the results?"

Guo Hao: "He couldn't find Lord Island's IP address... it was a string of very strange nonsensical code, and he couldn't find a clear explanation for it. And as for the little brother's IP address... my uncle discovered that it was our school!"

Little Brother GAYLIGAYQI's IP address was their school?

The other students were all astonished when they heard this.

"Who on earth is this little brother?"

Guo Hao cupped his chin in his hands. "I have no idea right now... but from the name and information from the live stream, this guy is a little gay, and secondly, he probably really enjoys working out..."

All eyes turned to Chen Chao at the same time.

Chen Chao: "Why are you staring at me?! I'm not gay! I'm pure!"

Lin Xiaoyu's fujoshi soul was restless as she stared at Chen Chao and Guo Hao and smiled sinisterly. "You two are the most gay in our class!"

"Fuck! Why not Wang Ling... He might not like to talk, but people who generally don't like to talk are mensao!" Chen Chao protested, unable to take it anymore.

"???"

Wang Ling looked up and couldn't help the way his lips twitched.

Why was he suddenly being dissed?

Chen Chao: "Isn't there a saying? Since ancient times, if mensao youngsters aren't Billy2, then they're gay!"

2(A reference to Billy Herrington, a gay porn actor..) Everyone: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

At the same time, in the office on the top floor of a luxurious office building in the heart of the city.

The Lady of the Castle was greeting an honored guest who wanted to buy information.

Since the Immortal Mansion incident and the incident with Daoist Taotie's Shuiguo Sect, Mo Immortal Castle had been affected adversely; not only weren't they earning the slightest bit of revenue, they were even suffering ongoing losses.

While Mo Immortal Castle was masquerading as an education institution, they also had other massive income chains, both legit and not. However, the above two incidents had cost Mo Immortal Castle almost five years' worth of gains as they had had to spend a lot of money to clean up their own mess...

So in order to be able to continue operations, Mo Immortal Castle had also started to venture into the business of selling intelligence. Previously, Mo Immortal Castle had collaborated with other people by sharing information and trading intelligence for resources; who would have thought that big shots nowadays were becoming more and more cunning! Mo Immortal Castle might as well sell information directly for profit!

In the huge office, the Lady sat on the sofa facing a young man in a white Daoist gown accompanied by a servant.

This young man was a customer who had come to Mo Immortal Castle this time to buy information.

He looked very young, but his skills and cultivation were a mystery. The Lady was quite close to the young man, and she noticed to her surprise that she couldn't hear him breathing at all - it was clear that this was a great senior.

If this young man wasn't sipping his tea composedly at the moment, the Lady might have even thought that he was dead...

His face was almost morbidly white; the Lady didn't know whether or not it was because the young man couldn't be exposed to the light, since the servant had been holding a black umbrella over him the entire time...

Given that the Lord wasn't around and she couldn't determine the young man's exact realm, the Lady was noticeably a little nervous. "Senior Bai, is my price alright for you? If you think it's expensive, we can discuss it..."

A piece of accurate intelligence cost five hundred thousand immortal gold bars; this was Mo Immortal Castle's current price for information.

Some special intelligence might even cost a million immortal gold bars, which was almost equal to the costly price of a holy weapon.

"My master only wants you to find a person, but you actually want us to pay five hundred thousand immortal gold bars?" the servant with the black umbrella said darkly.

"I'm very sorry, Senior Bai, but this really is the price."

Blushing, the Lady said, "Actually, we've had a lot of big clients come to us to buy information before."

"Big clients? Is it possible to give me an example?" This Mr Bai smiled, the corners of his mouth tilting up slightly.

"One of our previous big clients was Daoist Taotie, for example..." (Though he broke the contract halfway through.)

"Daoist Taotie?" Mr Bai's expression changed slightly.

"That's right."

The Lady nodded and answered truthfully, "In addition, other people who have bought information from us before include the old devil and the Master of Immortal Mansion." (Though they were both arrested.)





Chapter 465 The Demon Hunters Association That Has Yet to Die


Although the Lady of the Castle couldn't estimate this Senior Bai's exact strength, she was well aware of his identity: this was a wanted major criminal, President Bai of the Demon Hunters Association. However, based on the various clues and statements which the police currently had, none of the members of the Demon Hunters Association who had been arrested could describe President Bai's appearance.

Not even members at the higher levels of the Demon Hunters Association like Strong Zuo had ever seen his real face.

The only person who knew President Bai's true appearance was perhaps the servant standing next to him with the black umbrella... But even if he was just a servant, the Lady felt that his strength was no weaker than hers, which was a little frightening.

When the Lady mentioned the old devil and the Master of Immortal Mansion, President Bai's gaze changed slightly.

There were actually a lot of intelligence organizations in Songhai city, and while he had heard that Mo Immortal Castle's intelligence network was second to none, seeing was believing. This young man with the abnormally pale complexion hadn't thought that Mo Immortal Mansion would have actually dealt with Daoist Taotie, the Master of Immortal Mansion and the old devil.

Intelligence could be very costly, but there were times when cost didn't mean accuracy.

It would thus depend on whether or not the intelligence agency had the pertinent business qualifications. If even the old devil had come here to buy information... President Bai immediately felt that this information was perhaps worth the price.

"Old Lu, arrange the transfer." President Bai raised his hand.

This servant called Lu was stunned. "President, do you need to think it over again?"

"No need."

The abnormally pale youth waved his hand. "Our Demon Hunters Association lost two elders this time. I know very well how strong Elder Canglan and Elder Han are. I sent the both of them to deal with a third-class dog, but in the end there was unexpectedly nothing left of them. Moreover, the initial reason our Demon Hunters Association is in turmoil this time is all because of this dog. If I don't find and stew this dog, it'll be very hard for me to get rid of my hatred!"

"Very well..."

The old servant had no choice but to nod his head; for some reason, his eyelid was twitching very fiercely, and he had a bad feeling.

While the old servant held the black umbrella in one hand, a rattan limb actually extended out of the front of his jacket. He then took out a cell phone and used the rattan arm to directly operate it.

The Lady stared blankly. Judging from his aura, this didn't seem like a wood spell; rather, it seemed much more like a human limb...

Could it be that this person was a tree goblin?

An old tree that had been enlightened and turned into a human form... she felt like she had learned something amazing.

Because the tree goblins belonged to the demon race.

Although the Lady had heard that there were some demon clans that had fled the Gate Between Worlds and integrated into the human world in human form, this was her first time seeing hints of it. The point was that this old servant was so well hidden that there wasn't even any demon qi on him.

Thinking this, the Lady had a slight notion of the origins of this master and servant duo.

A tree goblin which could take human form had to have at least over three thousand years' worth of cultivation - it was very likely that he was an Itinerant Immortal.

Furthermore, such an Itinerant Immortal tree goblin was willing to be the servant of this abnormally pale young man...

If this abnormally pale young man wasn't this human-shaped tree goblin's second eldest uncle 1 , it only proved that the young man's strength was probably above that of Itinerant Immortal... making him stronger than Daoist Taotie.

1(In Beijing, this is used as a vulgarity, like 'fuck your mom.') He was a True Immortal expert!

Suddenly, the Lady realized that this young man could be an opportunity for Mo Immortal Castle to get back on their feet after their current financial slump.

The Lady thought that if they could pull in such a True Immortal senior as a patron, things would go a lot more smoothly for them in the future.

"President Bai, please wait a minute," the Lady said suddenly.

"Hm?" The abnormally pale young man looked up.

"I can sell you this information at a ten percent discount."

"What do you want?" The abnormally pale young man's eyes turned deep.

As President of the Demon Hunters Association, he had traveled all over the world and encountered all types of situations; he had also undertaken all kinds of transactions, so he naturally knew the rules of trade. Meat pies never dropped from the sky for free. Information which cost five hundred thousand immortal gold bars suddenly sold at a ten percent discount; there was definitely some sort of request attached to it.

"This junior knows that members of the Demon Hunters Association are now wanted and being arrested by the police all over the place, and it's currently at a critical juncture... senior, as long as you help Mo Immortal Castle do one thing in exchange, we'll sell this information to you at a discount price."

"Ha ha, then why don't you just directly give me the information for free, as a passing favor?" The abnormally pale young man smiled.

The Lady: "Because we are really poor right now!"

The abnormally pale young man: "..."

This simple and blunt reason also stunned the tree goblin servant with the surname Lu who was standing behind the abnormally pale young man.

"Well, let me hear your request first," the abnormally pale young man said.

"It's like this, senior: our Mo Immortal Castle is currently going through a slump and we have to sell information for a living... all this was because of one person. Although he appears to be a teenager, his realm is unfathomable. We dispatched people several times to teach him a lesson, but all of them were completely defeated."

The Lady recalled that miserable experience. "Our Mo Immortal Castle hired the Ten Saints previously, but now they've become the Seven Freaks of Jiangnan..."

The abnormally pale young man: "..."

The Lady said, "Also, I suspect that the arrests of the old devil and the Master of Immortal Mansion most likely have to do with this person."

"I see."

The abnormally pale young man nodded; he already understood her intention. "You would like me to handle this person?"

The Lady: "That's right!"

"That's easy."

The abnormally pale young man coughed lightly. "I'll first have this Old Lu behind me feel him out; if he can dispose of him, even better. If not, I'll do it myself. How about that?"

The Lady exulted when she heard this. "If that's possible, that'll be wonderful! But that person seems a little strange; this junior personally feels that Senior Lu might not be able to deal with him..."

The abnormally pale young man laughed. "I think you can already tell that Old Lu is not an ordinary person... Even if he can't defeat this person who looks like a teenager whom you're talking about, there is no way he'll die. I'm just sending him out to feel out the actual situation."

Old Lu clearly looked very confident on this point. "You can rest assured... my major wood technique, the Spell of Creation and Rebirth, has a strong self-healing ability. As long as there is a speck of ash left, my body can be reconstructed, even after a blow from a True Immortal."

"It's this junior who has thought too much!"

The Lady nodded and cupped her fists in salute to Old Lu. "I wonder what Old Lu's full name is...?"

"The Lady of the Castle is too polite; you can just call me Old Lu. My given name is Xun 2 ..."

2(Lu Xun was the pen name of Zhou Shuren, a leading figure in modern Chinese literature..) "..."





Chapter 466 Wind of Regret Sword and Cloud Movement Sword


For some reason, the Lady of the Castle felt that the name sounded a little familiar...

Since she had come into contact with that teenager several times before, the Lady could almost be sure that he was an expert whose true strength was absolutely above True Immortal level. Of the Ten Saints that Mo Immortal Castle had hired previously, except for Third Saint who defected and left, Great Saint and Second Saint had been killed by the backlash from the teenager's aura.

To be able to kill a powerful expert at the peak Soul Formation stage through backlash... there was absolutely no doubt as to how strong he was. But at that time, the Lady had judged that Wang Ling's realm was perhaps Itinerant Immortal level. Then the incidents with the old devil and the Master of Immortal Mansion had happened one after another, which had caused the Lady to revise her estimate of Wang Ling's strength.

He was clearly a genuine True Immortal expert; even the Lord himself would find him difficult to be deal with. To fight a True Immortal, the only way was to seek help from another True Immortal. At the very least on the surface, their strength would be on the same level; it wouldn't be like with the Ten Saints they had hired before, who had died as soon as they'd made a move.

True Immortal versus True Immortal... whatever the case, they should be evenly matched; a True Immortal wouldn't die from a single slap, right?

The Lady pondered in her heart; she knew that the two people in front of her weren't simple, and this was a great opportunity to make friends with experts. But she didn't dare agree straightaway because it didn't seem proper somehow... For some reason, she had a bad sense of foreboding.

President Bai couldn't help laughing. "If the Lady is really worried, you can send that person's location to Old Lu now and I'll have him go take a look immediately."

Old Lu eased his grip on the black umbrella, but it didn't fall down; instead, it hovered on its own in the air over President Bai - it turned out this umbrella didn't need to be held!

Noticing the Lady's hesitation, Old Lu felt a little uncomfortable at his strength being questioned, so he decided to demonstrate the Spell of Creation and Rebirth for her.

He turned his head to look around her office and finally saw a spirit sword hanging on the wall. This sword wasn't some ornament at all, but was a holy weapon; Old Lu could tell at a glance.

"Is this sword yours, Lady?" Staring at the spirit sword, Old Lu didn't move from his position as another rattan arm stretched out from the front of his jacket to fetch the spirit sword from a distance.

The Lady was startled. This sword was part of the Lord's collection, the Wind of Regret sword. Its quality wasn't very high as it was merely eighth class. However, this sword had a damage effect commonly known as "wind damage." Once someone was hit by the sword, the wound wouldn't heal easily in a short period of time. Nonetheless, the Lord had bought it more as a collector's item and not just because of its wind damage special effect.

Most importantly, this sword was one of a pair. This one was named Wind of Regret and the other sword was called Cloud Movement. Both swords carried wind attributes, but one was Yin and the other Yang. Together, they could combine into a single sword which was rumored to be capable of exhibiting the power of a world-defying magic weapon.

Back then, the Lord had hoarded this sword in his collection with the idea of finding the second sword someday. Unfortunately, however, the Cloud Movement sword had been destroyed, and only its ruined hilt remained in the museum.

Therefore, the value of this Wind of Regret sword had instantly dropped in the Lord's eyes.

But that was something that had already happened hundreds of years ago.

The Lord had shelved this Wind of Regret sword and it was now with the Lady.

"This is the Wind of Regret sword. Perhaps Mr Lu has heard of it? This is part of our Lord's collection," replied the Lady.

"No wonder this sword seems a little familiar, like I've seen it somewhere before."

Mr Lu couldn't help cocking an eyebrow as he laughed. "You said earlier that your Mo Immortal Castle is in a financial slump. Then why don't you sell this sword? Although its match Cloud Movement is broken, this spirit sword is worth a lot of money given its damage effect."

"The Lord has said that no matter how poor we are, we cannot sell his collector items wantonly. The Wind of Regret sword has been around for a long time, so it can be regarded as an antique," replied the Lady.

Mr Lu muttered to himself a little and didn't continue asking questions. Anyway, he just wanted to show off a few tricks. Thinking this, he handed the Wind of Regret sword to the Lady, then pointed to his head. "Lady, use this sword and slash at my head, please."

The Lady was stunned; this was quite the fearless move. In the absence of the protection of magical barriers, an Itinerant Immortal would only be completely immune to magic weapons below the holy grade - even if the Wind of Regret sword was just an eighth-class weapon, this was looking down a little too much on the damage that an eighth-class holy weapon could inflict.

Most importantly, its damage effect was very real.

Back then, the Lord had once courted death by cutting the back of his hand as an experiment.

Without the use of medication, it had still taken as long as seven days for the wound to scab over completely, even given the Lord's realm.

"It's fine, please feel free to make a move, Lady; there is absolutely no need to be polite about it."

Mr Lu was clearly extremely confident in his ability to heal himself. "This damage effect may work on others, but its effect on me is almost negligible since my self-healing ability is far greater than the sword's ability to inflict damage. Of course, if it were a world-defying magic weapon, it would just barely hurt me. But in today's world, world-defying magic weapons can almost be disregarded..."

President Bai nodded and smiled. "Old Lu is right. Furthermore, even if a world-defying magic weapon exists, it would have long already come under secret state protection."

"A country that can control one or two world-defying magic weapons has enough deterrence to keep other nations at bay. But this type of magic weapon is often very powerful, and there is no way it will be used so casually unless war breaks out among nations."

The conversation between the two men was direct and frank.

Of course, matters at state level were too far away for the Lady and Mo Immortal Castle.

At present, Mo Immortal Castle's intelligence service was limited to just several major cities in Huaxiu nation. It wasn't completely widespread yet, and had yet to catch on in the country, so venturing overseas was still a long way away.

"Mr Lu is talking about things that are too distant."

The Lady cupped her fists in salute, the Wind of Regret sword in one hand. "Since Mr Lu has confidence, I'll give it a go."

Right after the Lady spoke, President Bai snapped his fingers, and she saw that black umbrella suspended above his head suddenly enlarge to form an airtight barrier.

"This is an independent barrier to ensure that the Lady's office won't be destroyed." The abnormally pale young man smiled and raised his hand. "Please slash at him with all your might, Lady."

The Lady: "Very well... but is it really alright for me to use all my strength?"

Mr Lu: "No problem, I have an iron head."

The Lady: "..."





Chapter 467 Mo Immortal Castle Has Found a Patron!


This black umbrella's origin was very unusual as it could actually form a barrier itself. It was the first time that the Lady had seen a magic weapon with this kind of attribute. In a normal situation, a barrier required the use of a magic array and many people working together to set it up. For example, during the previous Shuigou Sect incident when Xiao Yuncheng of the Xiao clan had run wild, police from all over had joined forces to mobilize fully tens of thousands of police officers to set up a barrier around the area that Xiao Yuncheng had been in.

Of course, there were Almightys that could set up barriers on their own, but drawing the runes and doing the incantations took time.

But President Bai's small black umbrella could set up a barrier instantly... This made the Lady sweat. She could more or less guess that the black umbrella was an extremely powerful spatial magic weapon.

No wonder the police had been unable to find President Bai. The small black umbrella in his hand was a really effective escape tool.

The Lady held the Wind of Regret sword in her hand as she stood within the barrier. The barrier space was so large that it seemed like a small world. This was a space with dark hues, and the aura of primal chaos lingered over everything, which indicated that this small umbrella's origin wasn't simple.

"Mr Lu, excuse my impertinence..." the Lady said as she directly began to gather spirit energy with the Wind of Regret sword.

She wasn't the sword's owner, but through the power of the contract, the Lord had directly given her authorization so that she could control it.

The moment spirit energy poured into the Wind of Regret sword, the tip of the sword instantly started to shake as a whirlwind of power enveloped the sword body and a gale was stirred up in the windless space.

On the side, President Bai gazed calmly at this scene with some regret.

The Wind of Regret sword and the Cloud Movement sword were well-known twin swords on the ranking list of spirit swords; individually, each sword was ranked in the top thirty, but if they were combined together smoothly, the new sword "Wind of Regret and Cloud Movement" would directly be ranked in the top three.

Unfortunately, the Cloud Movement sword was already broken and only its hilt remained; experts had already appraised it and concluded that it was impossible to repair it.

"Here I come!"

After amassing power, the Lady slashed out in front of her. The force of the blade turned into a crescent that kicked up a tearing wind in its wake as it lashed out with immense energy!

However, Mr Lu remained unmoved from beginning to end as he faced this gale with a very calm expression.

As he had said himself, he didn't use any magical barriers and maintained a relaxed state since he had decided to receive this attack head-on purely with his physical body.

As the blade struck him, Mr Lu's head was split open and fresh green blood spilled out of the wound. At the same time, the Wind of Regret sword's wind damage special effect was activated as it created a few air spirals invisible to the naked eye which inflicted continuous damage on the wound.

This scene was terrifying enough to make a person panic.

After that strike, the Lady put the sword away and at the same time couldn't help shivering — it was painful just looking at Mr Lu!

But from beginning to end, he never uttered a cry. Roughly two seconds after he received the injury, a green spirit light bubbled out of the wound.

The Lady was amazed when she realized that the wind damage special effect had disappeared, as if it had been purified by the green spirit light. At the same time, Mr Lu's wound was healing at a rate visible to the naked eye until he was whole again.

"This is my Spell of Creation and Rebirth... "

At the end of the demonstration, Mr Lu laughed. He was absolutely confident in his Spell of Creation and Rebirth. "I believe that the Lady can tell what my real identity is, but if the Lady assumes I'm just a common tree demon, that would be a big mistake."

The Lady cupped her fists in salute. "Mr Lu, please instruct me."

"I am indeed a tree demon, but there are also many types of tree demon clans. Although some tree demons major in offensive wood spells, the vast majority of them cultivate binding and restrictions spells, which can control the outcome of a battle. My race is even more uncommon as we have an innately strong self-healing ability and all kinds of healing wood spells." Mr Lu laughed. "My own race also has a resounding nickname; we are known as the forestfairies 1 ."

1(For convoluted reasons explained in chapter 43, this is another reference to the gay porn actor Billy Herrington ..) The Lady wore an enlightened expression. Even though she didn't quite understand it, she did feel intimidated and felt that this Mr Lu wasn't ordinary.

President Bai withdrew the black umbrella's barrier and it floated above his head once again. "Well, Lady? Can we continue with our discussion?"

The Lady nodded and smiled. "Of course!"

Mr Lu looked at his cell phone and said, "I have already instructed for fifty thousand immortal gold bars to be transferred into the account you gave us, please remember to check. Then, as per our agreement, I'll go and meet this person the Lady is talking about on behalf of President Bai. But before that, please give us the information we want, Lady."

At this point, both sides had already expressed good faith with each other, and the Lady naturally demonstrated her generosity. She waved her hand and a jade scroll appeared in it; this was the intelligence which Mo Immortal Castle had obtained through their investigations.

She presented the jade scroll with both hands. Mr Lu directly extended a vine to pluck it from her hand and said teasingly, "It's said that Mo Immortal Castle's intelligence is one hundred percent accurate; I wonder if this is true or not."

The Lady responded with a very professional smile. "If our information wasn't one hundred percent accurate, why would President Bai and Mr Lu come find us?"

"Mr Lu is only joking, don't mind him."

President Bai waved his hand. "Several elders in our Demon Hunters Association have been secretly looking for that green-furred dog for a long time, but they haven't been able to find it. The Lady's information will be of great help. As for the person you mentioned, I will certainly get rid of him. I, Bai Zhe, never talk big... I just hope that after the success of this cooperation, the Demon Hunters Association and Mo Immortal Castle can work together more closely."

The Lady understood.

As an old veteran who had come into contact with a lot of big shots, the Lady of the Castle had a lot of profound experience, and she instantly understood what President Bai was saying: she knew that the Demon Hunters Association was offering their formidable power base in exchange for Mo Immortal Castle's information resources. Bluntly speaking, it would become Mo Immortal Castle's patron and muscleman.

This truly was the moment when Mo Immortal Castle either lived or died...

The Lady was of course very happy as she nodded repeatedly. "Of course! May Mo Immortal Castle and the Demon Hunters Association enjoy a pleasant collaboration!"

"Mm, that's good."

President Bai nodded and then motioned for Mr Lu to open the information scroll. "Come, take a look at the intelligence. See where that green-furred dog is."

As Mr Lu read the scroll, the Lady explained, "Based on the coordinates President Bai gave us for where Elder Canglan and Elder Han disappeared, we were able to use some detection methods to finally find residual traces of the two of them at the construction site, and we deduce that the green-furred dog probably used something very similar to corpse powder."

"Corpse powder that can dissolve the bodies of Soul Formation cultivators?" Mr Lu was a little startled.

"Mm." The Lady nodded. "When we first discovered it, we also found it hard to believe; corpse powder that can instantly dissolve the bodies of Soul Formation cultivators actually exists... But it was the unique scent of this very corpse powder that finally led us to the green-furred dog."

Listening to everything the Lady said, President Bai and Mr Lu continued reading the information in the scroll.

At the bottom was a map.

Marked on it was the very location of Lord Thunder's villa...

...

Meanwhile, Lord Thunder and Xiao Yin were eating fried broccoli at the villa.

At the table, Lord Thunder stared at the bowl of broccoli with shining eyes.

Xiao Yin picked up a broccoli and looked at it. He had heard Lord Thunder say that this broccoli was a hint from Great Senior Wang for comprehending the Heavenly Dao... But he had already been eating it for almost a week and hadn't discovered anything profound in it.

Xiao Yin was suspicious. "Is this really useful for comprehending the Heavenly Dao?"

Lord Thunder was absolutely certain. "Of course! If you and I eat it for a few years, we'll definitely comprehend it!"

Xiao Yin: "Hm... all right!"

A spirit light flashed in Lord Thunder's hand and he gave Xiao Yin a bib. "Wear it. It won't be good if your saliva drips down when you eat. I had Brother Ling enchant this bib so that it's strongly resistant to corrosion. Your saliva is too scary, it can even dissolve Soul Formation cultivators..."

Xiao Yin couldn't help roaring. "That was phlegm! Phlegm!"





Chapter 468 Nine Thousand Cheeky Kicks of Spirit Dog


This information scroll made the two people from the Demon Hunters Association look at Mo Immortal Mansion with new eyes. After Er Ha had caused a big scene at the spirit beast black market town that had been occupied by the Demon Hunters Association, the whole association had suffered massive losses.

After that, since Strong Zuo had placed a soul marker on Er Ha, President Bai had sent out Elder Canglan and Elder Han, the senior and junior brother team who were pretty successful at capturing spirit beasts. In the end, however, they had ended up dying and leaving nothing behind. After these two brothers had been killed, President Bai had dispatched a lot of people to search for Er Ha's whereabouts, but they had all returned empty-handed.

He had never expected to actually truly obtain a follow-up clue at Mo Immortal Castle.

President Bai hadn't researched this Mo Immortal Castle organization in detail before this, and had only heard of it. Even the Lady of the Castle whom he had gotten in touch with had been through a referral from his friend.

From this initial contact with Mo Immortal Castle, Bai Zhe thought that Mo Immortal Castle surpassed other organizations in terms of gathering intel. This was perhaps all due to Mo Immortal Castle's research equipment behind the scenes... To actually be able to find the slightest relevant clues at the scene with their detection methods - Mo Immortal Castle definitely had to be harboring a very talented scientist behind the scenes.

Bai Zhe was suddenly a lot more interested in Mo Immortal Castle.

But he hadn't directly met the one calling the shots behind the scenes in Mo Immortal Castle at this meeting today; this was the Lord of the Castle whom the Lady had mentioned. To be able to create such an organization, it was obvious that the Lord wasn't an ordinary person, and Bai Zhe was very keen to meet him.

But for now, there was no rush.

"The rest is up to you, Old Lu. Let me know once you've made progress."

Sitting on the sofa, Bai Zhe looked at the Lady calmly out of the corner of his eye. "This is the first cooperation between our Demon Hunters Association and Mo Immortal Castle; may it be a pleasant one. Please discuss everything else with Old Lu, Lady, I'll take my leave first."

After that, the Lady saw the small black umbrella suspended above President Bai's head spin slightly, and then spirit light was thrown out before President Bai and the umbrella directly vanished.

The Lady's expression was unruffled, but her heart was greatly shaken. As she had thought, this umbrella was a spatial magic weapon and obviously had an unusual origin!

Seeing President Bai disappear, the Lady was absent-minded for a long while. A moment later, she stared at Mr Lu, the 'forest fairy,' and asked, "Mr Lu, if I can be so bold as to ask, how strong is President Bai?"

Old Lu muttered to himself a bit when he heard this question and he went over to the window. The breeze brushed over the dark green Daoist robe he was wearing and ruffled his collar slightly.

"If you can't say much about it, Mr Lu, please pretend that you never heard my question." Seeing that the other party hadn't said anything for a long time, the Lady spoke after thinking for a bit. When it came to their clients, the Lord of the Castle had always insisted that they find out everything about them.

Therefore, as long as she wanted to investigate President Bai, the Lady would still be able to find out things about him through Mo Immortal Castle's current means of gathering information, even if Mr Lu didn't say anything,

In contrast, asking direct questions like this was sure to sour the friendly atmosphere.

Mr Lu shook his head and replied, "With Mo Immortal Castle's means of gathering intelligence, it'll actually be very easy for you to find out if you want to. I can't say much about President Bai's strength, but he is certainly much stronger than me."

"..." The Lady was dazed and couldn't help cursing in her heart: No damn way!

Mr Lu said, "As I said before, we, the forest fairy tree demons, have self-healing abilities and strong vitality. If there is someone among the human race who can surpass our Spell of Creation and Rebirth... I'm not exaggerating when I say that if President Bai is ranked second, then no one else is ranked first."

When Mr Lu said this, the Lady finally looked up in amazement.

She had already had a thorough taste of Old Lu's Spell of Creation and Rebirth; she had never ever thought that President Bai would actually be stronger than him.

Mr Lu: "So in some sense, I believe that President Bai is the strongest... Because, there is absolutely no one who can kill him."

The Lady broke out in a sweat.

It turned out that this new patron...

Was a cockroach!

...

After Er Ha had played Xiao Yin the last time, the two had added each other as friends. Although Xiao Yin had indeed really been hurt at the time, he was a newcomer to the city. If he wanted to learn the ways of the city from a "senior," his best choice was to consult Er Ha, who already had considerable experience.

Because in a sense, they were of the same type...

Besides, Xiao Yin really wanted to know more about anything to do with Master, and there was probably no one more familiar with Master than Er Ha. Although Thunder was also Master's good friend, Xiao Yin still felt that he definitely wasn't more familiar with him than Er Ha, who lived under the same roof.

This time, Xiao Yin took the initiative to find Er Ha because Lord Thunder had asked him to help Er Ha look for some suitable close combat spirit techniques for canine spirit beasts.

Xiao Yin had been thinking about this all the while. He had spent roughly two days listing down spirit techniques which he thought would be suitable for Er Ha to cultivate before carefully selecting a few. He drew detailed diagrams that showed how to use each spirit technique, even clearly marking how the spirit energy would circulate through the meridians.

Xiao Yin sent the data to Er Ha. "Look at these and see if they'll work? I actually have more advanced techniques here, but I'm worried you might not be able to master them, so I'm sending level three and level four techniques to you first."

In Wang Ling's room, Er Ha clicked on the data and read it carefully.

The techniques were as follows:

1. Solo offense skill: Chain Slap 1 ...

1(Likely adapted from the Pokemon 'Double Slap' move, or 'Round Trip Slap' in Japanese.) Effect: A common level three spirit technique of the Dog clan. Can inflict ongoing critical damage to an enemy's face. There is a saying: Hit someone in the face and injure their ego. This skill carries an "inferiority" negative effect which reduces the enemy's will to fight and increases their sense of fear.

2. Group offense skill: Nine Thousand Cheeky Kicks of Spirit Dog...

Effect: A level four spirit technique of the Dog clan. Kick the hind legs out swiftly to create multiple phantoms. Inflicts nine thousand strikes in succession on an enemy within its range with tremendous destructive force! Also has the secondary effect of "flying hit"! The rationale behind this spirit technique draws on the technique which made the Cat clan famous, "Three Thousand Mischievous Kicks of Blue Cat 2 "...

2(This is adapted from "3000 Mischievous Whys of Blue Cat," the first large-scale Chinese animated series in mainland China with an emphasis on science.) 3: Defense skill: Dog Sounds 3 Sitting Lotus...

3(This is a literal translation of the original Chinese "quanyin," which in turn is a play on the Chinese "Guanyin," commonly known as the Buddhist goddess of mercy and frequently pictured as sitting or standing on a lotus flower..) Effect: A level four defense spirit technique of the Dog clan. Give a battle cry to create a lotus shield, which can remove abnormalities on the body. Also creates limited immunity to magic and has the effect of enhancing speed in attacks!

...

Er Ha: "..."





Chapter 469 Xiao Yin is Dealt Critical Damage!


Looking at this data, Er Ha somehow felt that these techniques seemed a bit unreliable - first of all, the names were very strange.

"Will these work? What kind of spirit techniques have names like this..." Er Ha didn't feel like typing, and instead directly pressed the voice button to chat.

Xiao Yin immediately replied, "These actually aren't the original names of these spirit techniques; I made them up. These spirit techniques were initially holy beast arts of the Dog clan. I've seen their ancient scrolls before, but I forgot the exact names. I only remember how to use them, you just have to make do."

Er Ha couldn't help scratching its dog head as its scalp turned a little numb. "Do you have other techniques with more normal names..."

"I do!"

Xiao Yin quickly sent new data and a comment under the document: "This is an entire collection of boxing skills. It's an advanced level five spirit technique. If you can master this, you can easily take on one hundred people on your own."

Level five spirit technique? Er Ha felt that at its current level, it hadn't reached the stage where it was able to learn a level five spirit technique; it had to reach first class at least before it could use a level five spirit technique, but given its current progress, it would be a long time before it could cultivate to first class.

However, getting a handle on the configuration of the spirit technique in advance wasn't a bad idea. It was just like a mathematical formula: you might not be able to do a problem before you studied more advanced mathematical questions, but it was fine to recite the formula by heart.

Thinking this, Er Ha clicked open this second set of data from Xiao Yin.

As Xiao Yin had said, the names of the skills in this second collection were quite normal.

However, because they had been using voice to chat, it was only now that Er Ha noticed that the "boxing skills" Xiao Yin had mentioned was actually "dog skills 1 "...

1('Boxing' and 'dog' in Chinese are homophones..) This collection of boxing skills was a combination of seven forms.

From Basic Dog Skill One, Basic Dog Skill Two, Basic Dog Skill Three... all the way to Basic Dog Skill Seven...

Anyway, compared with the previous spirit techniques which Xiao Yin had sent earlier, Er Ha thought that this combination set of dog skills was a lot more reliable!

Firstly, the names weren't odd; secondly, these names indicated that these were a genuine spirit technique of the Dog clan, so Er Ha could learn them.

Seeing that Er Ha hadn't replied for a long time after receiving the data, Xiao Yin couldn't help saying, "Let me tell you, this spirit technique collection is very difficult. When I secretly studied them in Dog Saint's secret depository of Buddhist texts, it took me a long time to learn them! If you can't do it, you can ask me, and I'll consider if I should teach you or not!"

Xiao Yin was very pleased when he said this because he had been bullied by Er Ha all this time. This opportunity to retaliate was hard to come by, of course he wouldn't let it go.

Given Er Ha's level of comprehension as a former demon king, mastering level three and level four techniques wasn't difficult. But the transition in difficulty from level four to level five was like directly jumping from junior high school geometry to university advanced mathematics... without guidance, it would typically take a very, very long time to learn on your own.

And the most critical point was that when Xiao Yin had secretly learned the technique, what he had read was the original set of "Basic Dog Skills"; the diagrams he had drawn were extremely detailed. But what Er Ha now had was based on what Xiao Yin had sorted out in his memory, so there might be some key points that Xiao Yin might have overlooked.

This would undoubtedly be a huge challenge in Er Ha's learning...

A copy certainly wouldn't be as detailed as the original.

Wang Ling's book Eight Classes of Divine Weapons was a good example; some of the magic weapons in the original couldn't be found at all in the copies sold on the market.

"You want to teach me?"

Er Ha asked when it heard Xiao Yin's smug words.

Xiao Yin felt like he was onto something, and was over the moon. "That's right, that's right! If you have any questions, you can ask me... I'll think about it! Let me tell you, after Dog Saint was captured and turned into a pot of dog stew, the holy beast Dog clan was wiped out in one go, so right now I'm the only one who knows how to use these Dog Skills!"

Er Ha was surprised. "Dog Saint was so tragic?"

Xiao Yin sighed. "Didn't I already say, it seems that I'm the only holy beast left in this world! Holy beasts are awesome, but when all is said and done, they take a long time to mature. I've been laying low for eight thousand years! Eight thousand years! And it's only now that I have the ability to protect myself."

Er Ha: "..."

"Thinking back on Dog Saint... he was indeed tragic that year. Someone spread a rumor that the heart of a holy beast can help a person comprehend the Heavenly Dao, cure insidious diseases, and has other advantages. This created havoc in our holy beast circle. As far as I know, Dog Saint's Dog clan was the first to suffer for it." Speaking up to this point, Xiao Yin couldn't help the faint grief that flitted across his face and his tone was bitter.

Er Ha was curious. "Why? Don't you holy beasts have your own domains?"

The domain Er Ha was referring to wasn't simply a piece of territorial land, but was a secret land similar to a small world. In order to preserve their clans, the leader of each holy beast clan had the ability to open up a secret land for their clan to live in.

"You ask me why?"

Speaking up to this point, Xiao Yin sighed again. "Who asked Dog Saint to simply pee everywhere."

Er Ha: "..."

Xiao Yin: "Dog Saint this guy couldn't help peeing on every pole he saw... in the end, those cultivators searching for holy beasts just relied on his piss to lead them right to the front door. They broke through the entrance to the secret land he had set up and straightaway caught him alive. After beating him so that he chased back into his original form from his human one, they burned down its Daoist temple and captured its Dog clan... Finally, he was turned into stew in front of the entire Dog clan."

Er Ha: "Why do you know all this?"

Xiao Yin: "Because I was hiding in the Dog clan's depository of Buddhist texts!"

Er Ha: "...Why didn't you save him?"

Xiao Yin: "When those people burst in, what could I do? I was so weak back then... If I ran out, I probably would have been turned into stew too! Those cultivators were really too savage and each one of them was an Almighty... you could consider it Dog Saint's bad luck. If it had just been one or two who had broken in, he could still have dealt with it. The main point was that the piss attracted too many people!"

Hearing this, Er Ha couldn't help sighing. "For you to have survived until now has really not been easy... "

"That's right! I've always thought how nice it would be if there were still fellow holy beasts around..."

Xiao Yin said, "It has been a long time since the incident with Dog Saint, but I've always remembered it."

Er Ha sent a voice reply. "No one would be able to forget that experience."

Xiao Yin shook his head. "No no no... The main point is that when those people turned Dog Saint into stew back then, the hot spices they used smelled really delicious... I could smell it from my hiding spot in the depository!"

Er Ha: "..."

Xiao Yin laughed. "So, after talking so much, want me to teach you the Dog Skills?"

Er Ha: "No need, I can ask my family's Wang Ling..."

"!!!" Xiao Yin was dealt critical damage!





Chapter 470 Er Ha's Source of Income


"Isn't Master busy with his midterms... how can you trouble him..."

For some reason, Xiao Yin felt his own words were pretty weak.

Sure enough, it was really wonderful to live with Master as you could consult him on strange spirit techniques or spells. While Dog Saint had been turned into stew and the entire holy beast Dog clan had been destroyed, so that Xiao Yin was currently the only person who could use these Dog Skills, he didn't doubt Wang Ling's teaching ability at all.

This was currently the case for a lot of spellmasters. This was a popular new profession in the cultivation circle, and a spellmaster's role was to help people work out various types of difficulties as they studied spells or close combat spirit techniques. They themselves weren't necessarily capable of performing these kinds of spells and spirit techniques, but they could often analyze the main points according to their theoretical knowledge so that it greatly shortened the time needed to learn a spell or a close combat spirit technique.

It was like swimming instructors who taught kids how to swim. In fact, many of them couldn't swim... After all, they taught the children to swim in shallow water, so no one could drown anyway.

Xiao Yin's heart collapsed, but at the same time he was a bit envious; his emotions were very complicated.

Sure enough... whoever came first was lucky...

But when on earth could he form the contract with Wang Ling?!

Xiao Yin had in fact already hinted to Wang Ling previously about the contract agreement. He had quietly assumed that if Master really had had utterly no desire to form a contract with him, he would never have been allowed to live here, with Thunder looking after him. And Thunder was probably Master's best friend...

Suddenly, Xiao Yin was very worried that Wang Ling was ignoring him out of dislike.

How about asking Er Ha to help him ask Wang Ling when on earth they could finalize the contract?

At a loss as what to do, Xiao Yin couldn't help sighing in his heart... In the end, it was still him begging Er Ha for a favor...

"That, Brother Dog... are you still there?"

He stopped using voice and directly switched to typing as he sent the text to the chat window, then clicked the shake function.

Er Ha: "???"

In front of the screen, Er Ha couldn't help smiling. Switching instantly from voice to text generally meant that Xiao Yin clearly had something big to say.

Er Ha: "You want to request something of me again?"

Er Ha recalled how Xiao Yin had done the same thing a few times before when he had looked for Er Ha.

After shaking the chat window, he had immediately started asking Er Ha about all kinds of things to do with Wang Ling's life, such as his typical daily routine, his living habits, his preferences and so on.

To be honest, after bathing in Xiao Yin's holy beast blood the last time, Er Ha's narcolepsy had indeed been greatly alleviated. Although Little Master Ling had returned the favor with twenty packets of crispy noodle snacks, Er Ha still had to repay this debt.

In fact, if Xiao Yin really needed its help, Er Ha certainly wouldn't refuse...

However, simply giving out information about its little master was a little unkind!

Er Ha felt that it was a very loyal dog!

A dog who would never betray its owner!

It was impossible for it to betray Wang Ling!

Unless it was over its dead body... Er Ha was a toad made of steel!

Mm...

That was indeed how it felt, before it received Xiao Yin's money transfer...

...

Xiao Yin typed very slowly as he weighed his words carefully before sending them. He pondered for a long time before summoning up the courage to send his text. "I want to ask Brother Dog whether you can help me ask Master when on earth he's going to form a contract with me..." Actually, he had always felt that asking outright like this wasn't very nice, and Master might even be disgusted. However, once a spirit beast or a holy beast had set their heart on an owner, only the guarantee of a contract could give them enough sense of security.

Er Ha remembered that Wang Ling had mentioned the contract with Xiao Yin before at home.

But it just so happened that the midterm exams were approaching at the time, so the contract had been put on hold. Er Ha actually knew that Wang Ling hadn't forgotten; once this busy period passed, he would conclude the agreement with Xiao Yin sooner or later.

There was only one holy beast left now in the entire world. For the sake of protecting endangered animals, Er Ha believed that Wang Ling wouldn't forget to finalize the contract - however, Little Master Ling was only sixteen years old, after all, and for children at this age, there was nothing more important than study.

Er Ha felt that in this world, there was no one who could fight Little Master Ling head-on.

However, there might be one thing that could go up against him and even had the chance to defeat him... and that was exams.

The midterm exams was the small boss and the final exams was the big boss... It simply couldn't be more real than that.

Er Ha stared at the screen and thought for a bit before simply sending a text. "Xiao Yin, do I look like a dog that will betray its owner?"

When Er Ha sent this message, Xiao Yin almost spat out a mouthful of holy beast blood...

He couldn't help but gape as he wondered how thick-skinned Er Ha this green dog was, to be able to say something like this.

Xiao Yin couldn't resist sending the meme of Zhuge Liang 1 saying "I have never seen such a shameless person before," but he crossed out the word "person" and replaced it with "dog."

1(This is a line Zhuge Liang says in the 1994 TV adaptation of the "Romance Of The Three Kingdoms.") Xiao Yin couldn't help sitting rigidly on the sofa, his shoulder-length silver hair hanging loose. He was so annoyed that he even threw the broccoli pillow in his hand aside.

He typed indignantly: Isn't some dog well aware of how many red packets it received previously...

But while he did type this out, Xiao Yin didn't dare directly send the text, and he pressed the backspace key to delete the words completely.

After all, the only connection he had to Master was in fact Er Ha. If this bridge collapsed, he might not be able to cross it in the future...

No...

He had to endure!

His lips twitching, Xiao Yin sent Er Ha a red packet of two thousand HNY.

One question cost two thousand; that was the rule Er Ha had set the last time.

He would just consider it as losing money to avoid disaster...

Xiao Yin actually understood this point very well. Anyway, the money wasn't his; the pocket money he had on him was from Lord Thunder.

After confirming and accepting the red packet, Er Ha couldn't help nodding its dog head as it sent a thumbs-up. "Brother Xiao Yin, you're smart. I didn't expect you to still remember the two thousand I set last time."

In fact, Er Ha had asked him for two thousand HNY last time without thinking, but it hadn't thought that Xiao Yin would really send it...

But speaking rationally, Er Ha had been in human society for so long and had been eating and drinking with the Wang family since coming to live in their small villa, but it had no income or savings.

Xiao Yin received pocket money from Lord Thunder... In comparison, Er Ha had nothing.

Little Master Ling was thrifty by nature and basically didn't spend much except on crispy noodle snacks.

Hence, when Er Ha saw this transfer of two thousand HNY, it couldn't help sighing. "I was initially going to charge less this time..."

Hearing this, Xiao Yin almost sprayed blood. "Then give it back!"

Er Ha: "No no no... I've accepted it, it doesn't make sense to give it back. I'll keep this matter in mind and will talk it over with my little master."

In front of the screen, Xiao Yin pursed his lips angrily. "You dog bapi 2 ..."

2(Zhou Bapi is an antagonist in the story "The Chickens Make Noise at Midnight" who would stir the chickens in the henhouse so that the rooster would crow earlier than usual, forcing his laborers to get up earlier for work ..)





Chapter 471 Can Crispy Noodle Snacks Really Help Cultivation?


The money wasn't Xiao Yin's, so he didn't feel distressed about spending it.

He actually still didn't have any concept of money in human society, but he felt that a mere two thousand HNY was probably just pocket change. If he could use this small change in return for information on Master, Xiao Yin felt that it was more than worth it - in reality, he didn't know that for a sixteen-year-old high school student who usually scrimped and saved to buy snacks and whose father always docked his pocket money for various reasons, this amount was a huge sum of money for his master.

Er Ha looked at the money in its e-wallet. Including the amount it had swindled from Xiao Yin the last time and minus the amount it had gifted to Daoist Guang previously, it had close to ten thousand HNY now.

"By the way, how much does Senior Immortal give you?" Er Ha was very curious.

"He gave me an e-wallet tied to another account of his and said I could use the money as I like." Xiao Yin took a screenshot and sent it to Er Ha.

Er Ha was instantly stupefied.

It started with "1" and was followed by six digits...

Xiao Yin had found a tyrannical CEO sugar daddy from the start!

While it was true that cultivators were rich, not all of them were that wealthy. Except for second generation rich kids like Lin Xiaocong, people at Wang Ling's age who entered Foundation Establishment high schools usually had a proper attitude toward money which their parents had instilled in them from a young age.

Learning how to manage money was very important. If you had an established and proper view of money from childhood, you would know that making money wasn't easy. Thus, while Wang Ling usually seemed stingy, he couldn't be completely blamed for this.

In Er Ha's eyes, this was a lot better than those children from wealthy families who squandered their parents' money.

But to be honest, the money in Xiao Yin's e-wallet was mere pocket change for Lord Thunder.

Er Ha remembered that the high-tech smart computer for the elderly which they had bought for Daoist Guang back then had cost hundreds of thousands of yuan, and had been close to a million yuan in price. But Lord Thunder had bought it without batting an eye.

It was clear that he didn't lack money.

The cultivation forum he ran was thriving as every day there would be people revealing gossip about the cultivation world which would directly attract heavy site traffic - in the current era of cultivation, the online economy was also an important part of development, and site traffic meant advertising.

Over the years, Lord Thunder had made a fortune just by collecting advertising fees for cultivation dating apps and various magic treasure shops, not to mention the fact that he would once in a while still adopt his "Great Death-Courting Senior" persona and take on various chivalrous assignments.

Now that Lord Thunder had a ring which could resurrect him infinitely, Er Ha felt that the man could now act even more recklessly...

Xiao Yin stretched out one hand and took out a wooden comb to sort out his messy silver hair when he sent a voice message. "Remember to speak to Master for me! Don't forget!"

"Don't worry, you can absolutely rely on me!" replied Er Ha. "I'll go and study the Basic Dog Skills you sent me later. The first and second forms are level four, so I can still learn those."

Xiao Yin didn't expect Er Ha to be so diligent, and he couldn't help tsking. But at the same time, he thought of another issue and couldn't help asking, "By the way, what do you want the money for? Thunder gives me so much money, but I don't know how to use it..."

"What else, for fun," Er Ha answered frankly.

For... fun?

Xiao Yin: "What do you mean??"

Er Ha knew that Xiao Yin didn't understand what this "fun" meant, but it was lazy to explain it. It felt that holy beasts really actually didn't have any interests - as perhaps the only holy beast left in the world who had survived by laying low for eight thousand years, Xiao Yin had only just come into contact with human society and had utterly no idea how beautiful it could be.

People who died without spending their money, people who lived without money, and people who lived without knowing how to spend money - these three situations were quite unbearable to Er Ha.

Er Ha said, "You have to look for fun yourself; don't just stay at home the whole day."

Xiao Yin: "I have my phone when I'm at home, but it's quite boring playing with it now."

Er Ha: "If you're bored, you can use the crispy noodle snacks Little Master Ling gave you and cultivate. Don't waste your time."

"What did you say?"

Xiao Yin was astonished, a thunderstruck expression on his face. "Can this thing really help cultivation?!"

Er Ha's reply to this was a single sentence: "Don't recklessly waste God's good gifts."

Xiao Yin: "...I'll try it later!"

"Mm."

Er Ha nodded. As a senior who had been part of human society for longer, Er Ha couldn't help earnestly giving a piece of advice before it went offline: "The outside world is rich and colorful, so go out and take a walk if you want to learn as much as possible... speaking of which, have you been anywhere else apart from Senior Immortal's villa and our little master's house?"

Xiao Yin thought for a bit. "The neighborhood around the villa..."

Er Ha: "Where else?"

Xiao Yin: "The police station! I even know a police officer!"

Er Ha sent an emoji of fists cupped in salute. "Goodbye!"

"..."

Before Xiao Yin finished speaking, he realized that Er Ha's profile picture had already turned gray.

For the time being, it should probably go cultivate.

Then he had to work hard! If Er Ha hadn't called attention to it, Xiao Yin would never have thought that a cheap snack like crispy noodle snacks could actually be used in cultivation. But when all was said and done, he had gotten these twenty packets of crispy noodle snacks from Master, so they should indeed be useful!

No wonder Lord Thunder had worn such a hungry expression back then over one crispy noodle snack packet...

Now that Xiao Yin looked back on it carefully, it didn't seem ridiculous.

But when it came to cultivation...

It felt like there was something he had wanted to tell Er Ha earlier, but just as he had been about to say it, Er Ha had interrupted him and he forgot... What on earth had he wanted to say? It seemed to have been something to do with the side effects of cultivating the "Basic Dog Skills." Cultivating these skills required some knack for it and couldn't rely on just following them on the surface.

Xiao Yin might have copied them, but when he had studied this spirit technique collection in more depth, he had discovered some gaps, and had made some improvements in the process of learning it.

So this collection of Dog Skills wasn't a problem for Xiao Yin... But if Er Ha made one wrong move, it would be a little troublesome.

However, Xiao Yin couldn't remember what on earth the side effects were — this was what he had wanted to talk about earlier!

About the side effects of cultivating the "Basic Dog Skills"...

Folding his arms, Xiao Yin stared at the screen and thought hard for a moment.

After three seconds...

He gave up!

Anyway, this level four spirit technique couldn't be learned so quickly within a short period of time. Xiao Yin felt that there was still time for him to wait until he remembered what the side effects were before sending another message...





Chapter 472 The Modern Cultivator's Skills Store


Er Ha had already made backups of all the data which Xiao Yin had sent to it. A lot of cultivation arts and spirit techniques were now no longer recorded in the form of jade cylinders or scrolls. While jade cylinders and scrolls were indeed worth a lot as collector's items, modern cultivators naturally found it more convenient to transfer data on cultivation arts and spirit techniques electronically.

This included Huaxiu nation's largest depository, the Magnificent Immortal's Depository of Buddhist Texts. The collection of scrolls here had been backed up digitally. However, ordinary people didn't have access to this data since they were classified as state secrets.

There were a number of online stores that sold cultivation arts and spirit techniques. Once you selected a skill you wanted to buy and then paid directly online, the merchant would transfer it to you via a file-sharing software called "Skill Cloud."

However, the file could only be received and opened by the buyer himself, and couldn't be shared a second time with another person. If you wanted to share it, you had to buy it again and present it as a gift before you could do so.

Everything was about copyright now, and cultivation arts and spirit techniques were no exception. These so-called arts and spirit techniques had all been created by cultivators (except the Great Spells), so those online stores selling cultivation arts and spirit techniques would contact the creators to purchase the copyrights to these skills or sign a sharing agreement.

If they bought the copyright for a skill, then it meant paying a once-off large sum of money, and any subsequent profits from the sale of this skill would fully belong to the copyright holder. Of course, the purchase of a skill copyright didn't last forever, and was usually for ten years.

The other way was a sharing agreement, which was a unilateral pact with the creator of the cultivation art or spirit technique. Both parties shared the copyright and the profits were split equally, which was a win-win situation for everyone.

Most cultivators would choose the second option.

Of course, if it was some famous and great master, not only could they directly sell the copyright to their skill, they could still even enjoy subsequent shares in the benefits.

To put it bluntly, this had a lot to do with the reputation of the creator of the cultivation art or spirit technique.

Of course, there were some arts and spirit techniques whose owners couldn't be found, and the copyrights for these skills were all owned by the state. Besides, the copyrights for the skills of these famous and great masters were stored in the Magnificent Immortal's Depository of Buddhist Texts and wouldn't be put up for public sale.

...

It was July 13th on Thursday in the twelfth week of the semester.

Father Wang wasn't at home today; apparently he and Lie Mengmeng had gone to the editorial office for a meeting.

Since Father Wang's computer in the study happened to be free, Er Ha used it to surf the Internet.

After backing up the data which Xiao Yin had transferred to him, Er Ha started to browse skills stores in particular. It wanted to check if there was anything on sale that was related to "Basic Dog Skills," but the general search box showed: zero... there was nothing.

This was to be expected, and precisely proved how old these Basic Dog Skills were. After all, they came from Dog Saint's era, when the holy beasts hadn't yet suffered such devastating setbacks and when Xiao Yin had still been very young.

The history of this collection of "Basic Dog Skills" might be as old as the Ten Founding Generals, or even much older...

Er Ha skimmed through the data on the "Basic Dog Skills" on the computer; it had only taken a cursory glance at it on its phone before. There were seven forms in total for these Dog Skills. The first and second forms were level four, and Er Ha thought that it could use its own ability to try and learn these.

It felt that relying on Little Master Ling for each and every thing would be pretty spineless behavior...

After carefully looking through the explanations in the data, Er Ha tried to follow the directions and pushed spirit energy through its meridians; in the end, it concluded that it could definitely learn the first form of the Basic Dog Skills... But starting from the second form, the Dog Skills became a lot more difficult; even if it was a level four spirit technique, Er Ha still had to think carefully about it.

It cupped its chin as it pondered... actually, the best would be if someone could give it some advice at this time.

While it was thinking this, Er Ha saw an ad window pop up on the website of the online skills store it was browsing.

Er Ha stretched out its hand to close the pop-up window, but then noticed what it said: Still bewildered when it comes to learning cultivation arts and spirit techniques? Famous masters, an online community, personal guidance... We guarantee you'll be able to learn any spirit technique with us.

This was the "spellmaster" that Er Ha had mentioned before; it was an up-and-coming profession which made money by specializing in teaching others cultivation arts and spirit techniques in a short period of time.

Er Ha had in fact heard of it before, but had never personally encountered it. When it saw this popup ad window now, it was instantly a little curious.

Clicking on the ad link sent it directly to the homepage of an online store.

System prompt: Welcome to "Salted Fish Skills Store." Customer Service SmallChange 1 Staff Number 018 will serve you...

1(This is a literal translation of 小改改 'xiao gaigai' which in dialect means 'little sister.') Er Ha waited for a while before the customer service little sister Staff Number 018 sent a smiley. "Hello, may I ask how I should address you?"

Er Ha: "My last name is Two."

Staff Number 018: "...May I ask if it's sir or madam?"

Er Ha: "I'm a dog, the domestic kind."

Staff Number 018: "..."

Trying her best to stay calm, this Staff Number 018 customer service employee specially checked the credit records for Er Ha's username and discovered that this person's personal credit rating was "excellent" and the account had achieved three crowns status. She instantly heaved a sigh of relief.

From the credit rating, this shouldn't be a spoof...

Customer service little sister 018 realized that at this moment, the person sitting on the other side of the computer screen might really be a dog.

Besides, this actually wasn't something to be amazed about; domestic soul pets nowadays had spiritual intelligence... though there were actually very few that knew how to operate a computer.

Actually, the truth was that Er Ha's credit rating wasn't that high; it was because the computer belonged to Father Wang. It was only after the customer service little sister had sent him the first message that Er Ha realized that it had forgotten to switch accounts!

But that didn't matter; it was only looking for advice anyway, and didn't plan to buy anything.

On the other side, the customer service little sister had collected her thoughts, and she smiled as she replied, "Mr Doggy Two 2 , what do you need?"

2(The literal translation of 二狗子, which is in fact a name used in the countryside, where the older generation believes that children with ugly names are easier to feed ..) When it saw this name, it was Er Ha's turn to take a deep breath. "...I would like to ask if your spellmasters can teach skills to spirit beasts?"

The customer service little sister nodded. "Of course! Our spellmasters are all-rounders, and several of them have experience as spirit beast trainers. However, their quotes are based on how difficult the skill is. As long as Mr Doggy Two accepts the quoted price, they will definitely be able to teach it to you."

Er Ha: "I see!" Actually, it already suspected this store of false advertising... Because there was no spell in this world that could be one hundred percent taught!

Still amused, Er Ha replied, "Then are there any spellmasters that you can recommend? Can I chat with them?"

Staff Number 018: "Yes, Mr Doggy Two, wait one moment, I'll transfer you to a chat window with the spellmaster."

After about a minute...

A system prompt appeared again: Technician Staff Number 003 will serve you...

Er Ha: "..." What damn technician!





Chapter 473 I'm Just Asking


This was the first time that Er Ha had come in contact with this kind of skills store on the Internet. It couldn't help staring blankly at the system prompt: how had a spellmaster become a technician?

But when Er Ha thought about it carefully, it realized that there was nothing wrong with this title. After all, there was another name for a spellmaster: master of technical ability... in short: technician.

This Staff Number 003 technician seemed very enthusiastic. "Hello, Mr Doggy Two, may I ask what kind of cultivation art or spirit technique do you need consultation on?"

Er Ha was very curious. " Ei ? You can also teach skills that belong to spirit beasts?"

Technician 003 was stumped a little before replying, "Mm, don't worry, sir. I have a lot of experience as a pet trainer; I can teach you."

Recalling his experience since joining this online store, the technician added, "In fact, our online store also has skill books for spirit beasts. We have had people buy them for their domestic spirit beasts."

But this was really the first time that a spirit beast was personally using a computer to shop online...

Er Ha: "What's the process?"

Technician 003 replied, "It's like this, there are two ways. One is that if you spend a certain amount on our website, you get technician lessons as a gift. The other is if you provide information on the relevant skill, we will give you a quote based on class and difficulty."

After Technician 003 said this, Er Ha wasn't in a hurry to reply, but opened the online store to take a careful look at the skill volumes they were selling. The vast majority were level one and level two. There were very few level three volumes and the level four one could basically be considered the store's crowning jewel with a sky-high price! It was fully worth five hundred thousand immortal gold bars! Converted into Huaxiu currency, that was over hundreds of millions of yuan! This value was no less than the average market price of a ninth-class holy magic weapon.

When it saw this, Er Ha couldn't help tsking and asked, "What about confidentiality?"

Technician 003: "The country now has a specialized spellmaster platform. If Mr Doggy Two can offer us a skill book, we will contact you on the spellmaster platform. After we have evaluated the skill book's level of difficulty and determined a price, you can come to our online store to pay the tuition fee. Mr Doggy Two, you can be assured that only the two of us will be able to see the skill book. It cannot be copied or forwarded; confidentiality is guaranteed.

"There are a lot more cases nowadays that have to do with illegal copyright infringement... any typical platform and spellmaster would pay close attention to such a thing. No one wants to stir up trouble for themselves, don't you think? In addition, the penalty for copyright infringement of these skill books is very high."

Er Ha nodded and felt that what Technician 003 said did seem reasonable.

At that time, Technician 003 sent a link. "If you think this is fine, Mr Two, please click on the link to access the spellmaster platform and we'll communicate there."

Er Ha quickly replied, "No, no, no, I still don't think it's a good idea, my spirit technique is very difficult!"

The technician on the other end was clearly stumped and didn't reply for a very long time.

It was true that spirit beasts had spiritual intelligence, but few were actually able to operate a computer themselves... In this regard, the technician felt that Er Ha's class probably wasn't low. "May I ask, Mr Doggy Two, what is your class now?"

Er Ha gave a subdued reply. "Third class."

Actually, it had been at second class for a while...

Technician 003 understood the situation. "All right, Mr Doggy Two. I can guarantee I'll definitely be able to teach you level one to level three spirit beast skills, whether from our store or if you provide them yourself. Level four skills are charged according to their difficulty, and if I can't do it, I can recommend my shifu . Moreover, I highly recommend our Salted Fish Skills Store's rare level three spirit technique, the salted fish quick stab 1 ... This is a skill which our store owner personally designed for spirit beasts, and it's easy to use!"

1(This is derived from an online gaming term for playing games with low level weapons and equipment ..) Er Ha: "..."

Had the names of new spirit techniques nowadays really come to this random point...

Er Ha had originally thought "Nine Thousand Cheeky Kicks of Spirit Dog" and "Dog Sounds Sitting Lotus" were already random enough. Who would have thought that the names in stores nowadays would be more and more random...

Er Ha couldn't help mocking, "The name of this skill of yours doesn't sound good..."

Technician 003 sent a shrug emoji. "It's enough that it's user-friendly and practical. In the old days, when spirit techniques and spells with nice names were put on display, they actually weren't very powerful."

He explained patiently, "Besides, what's the most important thing? Modern cultivators are becoming more and more sophisticated, and they've stopped expressly shouting out the names of their skills before exhibiting them... Once upon a time, for the sake of face, the old generation of cultivators gave the spirit techniques and spells they created awesome names. But reality tells us that they weren't of any damn use!"

Er Ha: "..."

What Technician 003 said actually made sense to Er Ha!

Nowadays, it basically wasn't wise to especially shout out the name of your spell before battle... this was an entirely unnecessary act.

If it was Little Master Ling, it would be even more simple and blunt.

Because Little Master Ling didn't need to use any skill at all; a slap or a punch would do...

Technician 003: "May I ask, Mr Doggy Two, have you made your decision?"

Er Ha replied, "It's like this, it's not that I don't want to buy, but I feel that you might not be able to teach me; my spirit technique is a collection of close combat boxing skills. Only the first two forms are level four; the others are level five."

When Technician 003 saw Er Ha's reply, his heart was instantly shaken; level five...

As a spellmaster, he was very sensitive to the grades of arts and spirit techniques. A level five skill... it went without saying how valuable it would be; the crowning jewel of their store was only a level four skill.

The difference in value between level one and level two skill books on cultivation methods and spirit techniques wasn't especially big, but from level three onwards, it was a world of extreme difference with each increase in level.

A level five spirit beast spirit technique...

Technician 003 knew very well in his heart that he truly wouldn't be able to teach this skill...

He sweated slightly. "Mr Doggy Two, I indeed won't be able to teach you if it's a level five skill, but I think my shifu might be able to. Follow the link I just sent you and enter the number 704620442 into the search bar for spellmaster IDs..."

Er Ha replied politely, "Alright, thank you."

Technician 003 was a little dissatisfied. "Mr Doggy Two, aren't there any skills in our store that you might be interested in?"

Er Ha: "No. The names of your skills are too exotic, like 'Crying Attack' and 'Gay Stare'..."

Technician 003: "..."

Er Ha: "Come on! You don't have to be so sad! I wasn't going to buy anything in the first place... I was just asking..."

In front of the screen, Technician 003 slammed the keyboard: You fucker...

...

On the other side, Er Ha very curiously opened the spellmaster platform and typed in the ID 704620442 that Technician 003 had given to it earlier.

Then, a spellmaster's ID profile popped up.

And Er Ha actually knew this guy!

Wei... Wei Zhi?

When had this guy become a spellmaster...





Chapter 474 The King of Making Things Up, Next to You


Er Ha rubbed its eyes before it confirmed that this profile really did belong to Wei Zhi, who was a short, slightly childish-looking, sunny pretty boy. He could endure electric shocks, was strong at withstanding attacks, had playful body movements, and appeared very reliable.

The above was Er Ha's first impression of Wei Zhi.

Er Ha remembered that it hadn't contacted Wei Zhi again after the two of them had gone deep into Demon Hunters Association territory and exposed their illegal spirit beast trade a few days ago. When Zhuo Yi's group had rushed over, Er Ha had hidden the whole time in a knapsack that Zhuo Yi had brought with him to ensure its own safety. Wei Zhi had then directly become the first eyewitness to cooperate with Zhuo Yi's follow-up investigation and was also the person who had reported the Demon Hunters Association.

It was after that that the Demon Hunters Association's underground activities came to light.

The outcome of this incident actually wasn't just thanks to Zhuo Yi as a representative of the government, but was a joint effort with Wei Zhi as a representative of the official Pet Trainers Guild.

If there was no buying and selling, then there was no killing.

Until now, Er Ha still remembered what it had seen that day when it had passed through the Demon Hunters Association's back street of trade...

Captured spirit beasts struggled and snarled in their cages, abused and beaten. A lot of them had even been on the verge of death from resisting so much, and had been doused with hallucinogens before being directly skinned alive by those inhumane members of the Demon Hunters Association, just because the fur was more supple when the beast was skinned alive.

At that time, Er Ha had left in a hurry and hadn't saved Wei Zhi's contact information. It had also never thought of contacting him.

That was because Er Ha was sure that Wei Zhi would probably be very busy during this time. After all, Wei Zhi represented the Pet Trainers Guild as he worked in cooperation with the police to wipe out organizations suspected of being part of the Demon Hunters Association nationwide and to crack down aggressively on illegal spirit beast trade.

The Pet Trainers Guild advocated for harmony between humans and spirit beasts. Although pet trainers and spirit beasts had contractual relationships, Er Ha could in fact already tell from Wei Zhi's attitude toward Pushing Large Butterfly that he treated spirit beasts more like friends.

For all pet trainers like Wei Zhi, "pet hunter" organizations like the Demon Hunters Association were completely unforgivable.

Of course, even if Er Ha didn't have Wei Zhi's contact information, it had Wei Zhi's peaked cap, and it had been to Wei Zhi's apartment. If Er Ha wanted to find him, it could just go there directly.

Actually, it hadn't been that long ago; it hadn't even been a week, and if you really wanted to count it, it was roughly just five days.

In the past five days, Er Ha had paid special attention to the news. The organizations under the Demon Hunters Association were exposed one after another everywhere and their members arrested. However, there still weren't any clues on President Bai, the head of the Demon Hunters Association.

In fact, Er Ha thought that Wei Zhi's situation was actually quite dangerous given that he was the person who had made the report. To be able to run such a large organization with so many plots and plans that had attracted so many members... the leader behind it was obviously a ruthless character with a high realm and a sharp mind.

And most crucially, none of the men arrested so far, such as Strong Zuo and his gang, who claimed to be core members of the Demon Hunters Association, knew what President Bai looked like or even what his voice sounded like exactly.

Later, Zhuo Yi analyzed this issue.

The so-called core members of the Demon Hunters Association in fact weren't core members at all. Each and every one of the core members of Immortal Mansion had been at the Soul Formation stage! Thinking about it carefully, the position of core elder dropping into the lap of a Golden Core cultivator like Strong Zuo actually really wasn't scientific.

So Zhuo Yi and Warden Liang determined that these so-called core members had in fact been made scapegoats by the real core members of the Demon Hunters Association!

When he had come to this conclusion back then, Zhuo Yi himself had been surprised...

He was very sensitive to the word "scapegoat"!

...

Er Ha lingered on the spellmaster platform for some time before it finally clicked on the private chat box and tapped out a message. "Are you there? Is Pushing Large Butterfly doing well?"

At the same time, Wei Zhi saw a private chat window pop up and couldn't help frowning.

A person coming out of nowhere who knew of the most cherished pet he was now carrying on him...

Wei Zhi thought hard for a moment with an intense expression on his face.

It could only be that situation!

The worst case scenario!

It was also the last situation he wanted to happen!

Wei Zhi stared at the chat window and his forehead started to sweat. He gnashed his teeth as he typed, "Dream on! I won't surrender!"

Er Ha: "???"

Wei Zhi made a "heh" sound. The words he had said just now completely boosted his courage. "You're that President Bai of the Demon Hunters Association, right? Let me tell you! I was the one who exposed the Demon Hunters Association which you so carefully set up! Let me tell you, even if I, Wei Zhi, have nothing else, at least I have integrity! The Pet Trainers Guild that I represent will never bow to any dark force! Don't think about using my Pushing Large Butterfly to threaten me!"

Gazing at these words on the screen, Er Ha was already dumbstruck. "..."

Wei Zhi: "Heh, why aren't you saying anything? If President Bai has the ability, don't hesitate to open fire on my Pushing Large Butterfly! Open fire! Don't look down on me! I, Wei Zhi, will continue to be Pushing Large Butterfly's owner in the future!"

"..."

Er Ha already couldn't help clapping its dog paws at this wonderful demonstration of making things up.

There were times when it was really worrying how many people around you were kings at making things up...

"Brother, we haven't seen each other for five days and you've already become this mental?" Er Ha typed, "It was a little disciple of yours, Technician 003 of Salted Fish Skills Store, who recommended you."

Seeing this, Wei Zhi heaved a sigh of relief before responding.

That was because a few minutes ago, one of his disciples had indeed complained to him about a strange customer who had visited the skills store. The customer had been a dog who had visited the store purely to chat and hadn't bought anything! It had wasted a lot of the disciple's time.

At that time, Wei Zhi had actually wondered whether this dog was Er Ha. After all, as far as Wei Zhi knew, there weren't many spirit dogs who had such high IQs, and even fewer still who knew how to operate a computer. A lot of spirit beasts could understand humans because of the spirit beast contract, which created a spiritual connection between the spirit beast and its owner.

Actually, unless they had cultivated to the level of being able to transform into a human, the vast majority of spirit beasts couldn't read Chinese characters, let alone learn pinyin and type on a computer.

"Are you... Brother Dog?"

Wei Zhi still felt it was a little unbelievable when he typed out this sentence.

When his little disciple 003 had called him earlier to complain, he had still thought that it was probably just a coincidence. After all, the world of the Internet was full of wondrous things.

But now that he knew that it was Er Ha on the other side of the screen, Wei Zhi felt that this was the power of destiny...





Chapter 475 Wei Zhi's Worry


They had originally met at the assessment center and then had experienced so many things together. For Wei Zhi, he and Er Ha shared a fate that was already no longer so shallow; they could even bump into each other online, which seemed a little incredible.

Wei Zhi couldn't help sighing with feeling as he directly typed a string of words into the private chat window on the spellmaster platform: "Online marriages are connected by a single line 1 , our meeting was fated."

1(This is adapted from the online phrase "The Internet is connected by a single communication line" which is generally the first half of a sentiment denoting friendship.) Er Ha stared at these words, feeling like it had heard them before, and was immediately stunned. "Do you also watch Lord Island's live stream?" When it was typing, Er Ha took extreme care to clearly differentiate between the nickname "Lord Island" and the Daoist name "Daoist Guang." Given that most people didn't know Lord Island's true identity, Er Ha naturally wouldn't let it out.

"That's right, wasn't this a line Lord Island said before? This Lord Island is so awesome! He's a new live streamer, but it hasn't even been a week since he started and there are already several million viewers," Wei Zhi said in the chat window.

Er Ha hadn't expected Daoist Guang's live stream to attract so much attention; almost everyone around it was watching it.

It realized that actually, it had a lot to talk about with Wei Zhi. It didn't know whether or not it was because Wei Zhi was frequently in contact with spirit beasts, but it felt that Wei Zhi gave off a sense of empathy.

One of the most important indications that you could become friends was being able to talk.

So if you really had to say it, Er Ha felt that it had three friends now: one was Guo Hao, one was Xiao Yin and the last was Wei Zhi.

Guo Hao was a good pal who generously supplied Er Ha with dog food tailored for it.

Xiao Yin and Er Ha were of the same kind, and it could tease this naive person.

Wei Zhi was a person whom Er Ha had already had an adventure with. You could say they had things in common, which was the most crucial point! This person was Guo Hao's legendary uncle! Though this uncle obviously wasn't a biological one, he was still one of Guo Hao's many uncles!

In Er Ha's opinion, Guo Hao's uncles were no less mysterious than Lord Thunder's friend, the all-powerful Little Black who ran a secret laboratory on the border, and the Immortal Zhenyuan whom everyone had heard of but never seen.

As for Wang Ling... the reason why Er Ha didn't include Little Master Ling in its circle of friends was much simpler.

Little master was forever little master; the distinction had to be clearly made!

A friend was for sharing your feelings with and the little master was a big thigh to hug...

Er Ha was thoroughly clear on this point.

"When did you become a spellmaster and start taking in disciples? Aren't you a pet trainer?" Er Ha started to ask after they had exchanged greetings.

"It's a side business; there are also different types of spellmasters. As pet trainers who, after all, are very familiar with spirit beasts, a lot of us serve as spellmasters who specialize in teaching skills to spirit beasts."

Wei Zhi said, "Besides, you've also seen my place. Do you think I don't need money to set up that high-tech green environment? I also have several rooms that have yet to be optimized, and all of these need money! My monthly electricity bill alone is so high."

Er Ha was surprised. "Isn't your family quite rich?"

Wei Zhi: "I'm someone with a dream."

Er Ha: "..."

Wei Zhi: "Don't look at my situation right now, the money I'm earning is at least enough for me to live on. But when all is said and done, I'm raising so many animals. It isn't just Pushing Large Butterfly, I also have to take care of the other spirit beasts that I have contracts with! The electricity bill is peanuts if you think about how much I spend on food...

"I set a goal for myself, which is to form contracts with at least two spirit beasts every year. At the beginning of this year, I formed a contract with a spirit python called Big Snake End, and this guy can really eat! So in the later half of the year, I formed a contract with Pushing Large Butterfly. Do you know why?"

Er Ha: "Why?"

Wei Zhi: "Because it doesn't eat much!"

Er Ha: "..."

If things continued like this, Wei Zhi felt that he would quickly become so poor that he would have to change from raising spirit beasts to raising insects... though spirit bugs were also classified as spirit beasts.

Compared with large spirit beasts, a lot of pet trainers felt that these smaller spirit bugs were actually tacky and embarrassing.

Of course, there were spirit bugs that were larger in size, but Wei Zhi's current problem was how costly his food expenses were. The larger the spirit beast, the more it ate, which would probably be no less than his Big Snake End.

Since he had chosen to form contracts with spirit beasts and become the number one pet trainer one day, Wei Zhi felt he should be responsible for the spirit beasts he had contracts with.

"So you're doing this side business for money?" Er Ha hadn't thought that given Wei Zhi's identity, he would actually be short of money.

"Yes, that's why I have several jobs at the moment. I work mainly as a pet trainer, but I'm also a spellmaster in the field of spirit beasts, and I specialize in teaching other people's spirit beasts how to cultivate skills." Wei Zhi sighed and typed with a plaintive air, "Sometimes, I also do power leveling..."

"Power leveling?"

"Helping other people take their spirit beasts out to cultivate until they've gone up one level before coming back!" Wei Zhi said. "I can make a fast buck with this! But it's also the least used service! For professional pet trainers like us, we can only rely on these types of methods to make money since our realms aren't very high. That's why food expenses are such a big problem!"

"..."

As someone who had once been the tenth generation leader of the Tuntian Ha clan, Er Ha was actually well aware from experience why spirit beasts could eat so much.

In those days, the entire Toad clan had had to consume more than a hundred million tons of flies each day. Furthermore, these flies were different from the ones in the human world: they were gigantic monster flies, and each monster fly was as big as an elephant.

Cultivators were particular about fasting: the higher their realm, the less they would eat.

But spirit beasts were quite the opposite, and they actually ate a lot. Why had Lord Thunder put so much money into Xiao Yin's e-wallet? Most of it was actually for Xiao Yin's food expenses so that he could use it to order take-out.

From this comparison, Er Ha immediately realized that its appetite seemed pretty small since it ate almost the same amount as an ordinary domestic spirit dog - it didn't know whether or not this was because it was cultivating the "Demon King Heart Sutra" as modified by Little Master Ling...

"By the way, Brother Dog, did you really look for my little disciple's store because you wanted to learn a level five spirit technique?" Wei Zhi asked.

Er Ha tapped on the keyboard: "Oh, no... I don't have any level five spirit techniques, I just wanted to tease him a bit, that's all."

"That's what I thought..." Wei Zhi nodded.

Given Er Ha's character, he didn't think there was anything illogical about it.

However, he couldn't help sighing as he replied, "High-class beast spells nowadays are too hard to come by. A level five spirit beast skill volume, with copyright and shares included, can buy two apartment units in Jinghua's first ring! The only level five skill volume I've ever seen in my life was a spirit beast transformation spell; it's a little like a cultivator's magical transformation spell, except that this spell can even imitate aura."

"Oh?"

Er Ha tsked. "Is there such a thing?"

"Didn't my disciple recommend their store's 'Crying Attack'? Actually, this close combat spirit technique is part of a set with the spirit beast transformation spell I mentioned just now. They were both created by a person called Crying Old Immortal. And this person is the vice president of our Pet Trainers Guild," Wei Zhi explained.

Er Ha nodded. "I see... what is this spirit beast transformation spell called? I'll take a look at it later."

Wei Zhi: "It's called 'Little Ying's 100 Transformations 2 '!"

2(The character 'ying' is the kanji for 'sakura.' This refers to the "Cardcaptor Sakura" manga and anime magical girl series ..) Er Ha: "..."





Chapter 476 Er Ha Is Gone


Wei Zhi and Er Ha chatted online for a long time that day. After talking for about an hour, Wei Zhi remembered that they hadn't friended each other yet on their cell phone chat app! They had been chatting in a private chat window all this time.

Wei Zhi now had seventeen contractual spirit beasts under him. In addition to Pushing Large Butterfly, he had nine medium-sized spirit beasts, and the remaining seven were all big ones... the pressure on him was quite intense.

He was relying on award money from winning various spirit beast competitions arranged by the Pet Trainers Guild and from his job of power-leveling others, and he was even moonlighting as a spellmaster exclusively for spirit beasts. But the money from all this was just barely enough to cover the cost of food. On the other hand, he still needed to pay the monthly electricity bill as well as for supplements to boost his own physical strength.

Unlike cultivators chasing sage realms who didn't need to eat, it took a lot of physical strength and energy for a pet trainer to train a spirit beast!

After Er Ha and Wei Zhi friended each other on the chat app, Wei Zhi quickly sent a group photo of his Pet Trainers Guild. In the photo, he was standing right at the front of the group. He wasn't tall and he was pretty fair, so Er Ha picked him out at a glance.

But it didn't understand why Wei Zhi had sent it this picture...

"Saw it?" Wei Zhi asked.

Er Ha nodded. "Yes, I see you..."

Wei Zhi: "Not me, I meant the fellow in the middle of the first row wearing leather and black sunglasses."

Er Ha followed Wei Zhi's instructions and found the person he was talking about. This guy's outfit was actually quite chic and modern, completely unlike a cultivator's style - in an era of national cultivation, it wasn't anything strange to see people walking down the streets in traditional attire.

But usually it was bigwigs like General Yi and those people who, except for public events where they would wear their military uniforms, would dress in the traditional style during their everyday lives.

Of course, Er Ha thought that this could be a little misleading.

After all, its Little Master Ling always wore the school uniform...

Er Ha stared at the fellow in leather. "Who is this person?"

Wei Zhi sighed and said, "He is the Crying Old Immortal I told you about, the vice president of our Pet Trainers Guild. You can see that he's already bald..."

Er Ha: "..."

"Our line of work really isn't easy. Too tiring! While most pet trainers enjoy it, it's a real drain on strength and energy! Now that we live in an era of peace, there's nothing for cultivators to fight about... take-out and delivery employees clearly have it easier than us."

Each profession had its own difficulties, but what Wei Zhi said actually wasn't wrong.

In an era of national cultivation, basic magic like flying a sword had already long become a common thing. As long as a person could fly a sword, it was in fact quite easy to be a take-out or delivery employee.

And it was very important to note that the pay in these industries was actually quite high.

Wei Zhi sighed and typed plaintively: "Look at our vice president, Crying Old Immortal. He formed too many contracts with spirit beasts when he was younger and in the end didn't take care of his own nourishment... he directly became bald!"

Er Ha: "..."

Speaking up to this point, Wei Zhi felt a bit bitter in his heart.

He thought of the old man Ma Dongmei meme which was trending online now.

It was of an old man smiling as he said: Actually, I don't think there's much pressure on pet trainers. Then the words on the side were: A Songhai city 28-year-old professional pet trainer...

To put it bluntly, many reasons for baldness were actually related to stress.

Everyone had stress...

Take Er Ha as an example. Except for Little Master Ling who was preparing for the midterm exams, the most stressed person around it was Father Wang.

Online authors couldn't stop updating, and also had to deal with trolls and anti-fans, so they were naturally very stressed! Even though readers were generally better now, there were still exceptions.

For example, one of Father Wang's colleagues who wrote a historical novel, a person called "Teacher Of Water From The Mountains," had had to delay updates when his house had caught fire, and trolls had still cursed him and pressed him for updates. Er Ha thought that this was very uneducated behavior and made them less than even a dog like it!

Over the years, the pressure on Father Wang had also intensified with the pick up in the rate of his updates, and he would frequently drop hair in the shower.

Stress along with age would cause his hairline to recede and make him bald.

Furthermore, when he realized what was happening, forget Bawang shampoo1, even One Piece Conqueror's Haki2 shampoo already wasn't of any use!

1(The shampoo brand that Jackie Chan used to endorse, one of which claims anti-hair fall.)

2(In the series 'One Piece,' it's said that whoever possesses this type of rare power to dominate the will of others has the qualities of a king.) Of course, Father Wang perhaps didn't need to worry about going bald...

In terms of growing hair, Wang Ling could casually touch it and directly turn a lawn into a forest... This was a lot more convenient compared with a live streamer called Sun Yalong who had spent a massive amount of money in particular on hair transplants!

Where there was stress, it naturally needed a release outlet.

Cultivating the power of Sword Dao through the inheritance talisman brought with it tremendous internal spiritual pressure. Er Ha only dared to absorb a little at a time, but it was very obvious that a balance between work and rest was very important for smoothly inheriting the power of the "ten-meter sword circle" inside the inheritance talisman from Little Master Ling.

Thinking of this, Er Ha directly sent Wei Zhi a text. "Brother, shall we meet later? Go out to destress?"

On the other side of the screen, Wei Zhi's eyes lit up at once.

...

It was July 15th on Saturday in the twelfth week of the semester.

Teacher Pan's Dao talismans exam and the maths exam had already been held at school on Friday yesterday.

Wang Ling felt that his scores for these two courses would be alright. He had already predicted what the topics would be beforehand and had prepared sufficiently for them. Controlling his marks to get the class average shouldn't be a problem.

Then Monday was Lao Gudong's history exam and the political science exam.

The teachers for these two courses in particular liked to keep up with the times; Wang Ling felt that the recent "Immortal Mansion incident" and "the Demon Hunters Association incident" would be used as discussion topics, or even expanded into a series of topics. But even then, the scope was still a little too big; who knew what kind of fanciful things these two teachers would come up with?

Hence, Wang Ling felt it was a waste of time thinking about it; he could only see how things went during the exam itself.

He hadn't forgotten to draw up the contract with Xiao Yin. In fact, when Xiao Yin had come all the way the last time to deliver blood, Wang Ling had wanted to create the contract then. But after all, Xiao Yin had just given blood then, and Wang Ling hadn't been in a hurry.

Whether it was a spirit beast or a holy beast, they had to ensure that they were completely healthy before they entered into a contract.

That was because when a spirit beast (holy beast) agreed to a contract, it would consume a lot of its spiritual strength.

Wang Ling knew that Er Ha and Xiao Yin had friended each other online and it seemed that they were quite chatty.

Wang Ling was going to ask Er Ha about Xiao Yin's situation, but when he turned around, he discovered that Er Ha unexpectedly wasn't at home.

He looked up at the clock. It was nine thirty in the morning.

Father Wang was writing, Mother Wang was doing some cleaning, the old man was in the backyard gardening... where had Er Ha run off to by itself?





Chapter 477 Er Ha's Thoughts


Because he had been busy with exams lately, Wang Ling's attention had rarely been on other things, but now that he had taken two exams, he instantly felt a lot less stressed; one exam taken was one exam less - a lot of kids at this age shared Wang Ling's line of thinking. There were times when they had yet to finish all their exams, and maybe had just the last one left, but they would already begin to offload their burdens in high spirits at home.

So after Wang Ling calmed down and thought back on things carefully, he realized that something indeed didn't seem right with Er Ha.

Moreover, the first time Wang Ling felt that something was wrong was back when Er Ha had finished cultivating and had watched Daoist Guang's live stream in the small garden from beginning to end before directly giving Daoist Guang a large wave of floating red gifts... Wang Ling calculated that the gifts all added up to at least a thousand yuan in total! That was equal to his pocket money for a month!

First of all, where had all that money come from? Wang Ling felt that he had to find out.

Secondly, he also realized that Er Ha had been especially diligent in cultivating recently.

If it had been a week ago, the guy would still have been lying asleep in the garden until the sun was at its peak at noon... Of course, that might have had a little to do with its narcolepsy, and while a single immersion in "holy beast blood" could help alleviate the symptoms, Wang Ling felt that it wasn't scientific to believe that it could transform Er Ha's indolent nature into a diligent one.

Was it because of the inheritance talisman?

Wang Ling pondered deeply at the table with his chin in his hands.

But the issue was that the inheritance talisman also didn't have the effect of making a lazy dog diligent!

Wang Ling had the faint feeling that Er Ha was hiding something from him.

And that it was a huge matter.

The point was that, judging from Er Ha's current behavior, it probably wanted to solve it by itself.

Although it was good of a dog not to cause its owner trouble and to ease its owner's worries, since they had a spirit beast contract, Wang Ling felt that he should act accordingly as Er Ha's owner. If anything should happen to it, he couldn't let Er Ha handle it on its own.

However, Er Ha had a reason for not talking about it, and Wang Ling couldn't force it to tell him because it would make him appear domineering and a little inconsiderate of his dog.

Wang Ling felt that although he usually had a stiff face, he was in fact very gentle (denials not accepted).

The old man was busy tending to his plants and flowers until a little past ten o'clock. Only then did he prepare to go out on Sheep to buy fish.

The kitchen showdown between the old man and Jiang Haifu, the head of Kitchen Knife Sect, had yet to happen; during this time, the old man was experimenting with recipes for the showdown, and was preparing to invent a new fish dish. Since he was studying fish dishes, then naturally he would need to buy fresh fish as an ingredient. Frozen fish from the fridge would definitely lose out in terms of freshness.

When it came to cooking, as long as a person put their heart into it, everyone could feel it.

Why had season three of A Bite of China been castigated and ridiculed despite the high ratings for seasons one and two? The audience weren't fools as they could tell whether or not the people cooking were passionate about it.

When the old man went out, he would usually take Er Ha with him.

But in the last two days, he had noticed that Er Ha didn't seem to be at home.

"Why is it always out recently?" The old man scratched his head, a little confused as he remembered that their dog didn't use to act like this.

Mother Wang couldn't help laughing and said, "Dad, Er Ha isn't an ordinary dog, it also wants to cultivate. We can't treat it like a normal pet."

"Right right right, it's a spirit dog. I almost forgot." The old man patted his head. "But I heard that a spirit beast actually eats a lot. We still save money with ours in the end!"

Mother Wang nodded. "There are many students at Ling Ling's school who care for it. There's a Student Guo whose family runs a spirit beast store and he sends us customized dog food every week."

"No wonder this dog food is different from the ones sold outside." Speaking up to this point, the old man specially urged Mother Wang to calculate the cost and pay Guo Hao back later.

The old man felt that while generosity was generosity, it wasn't good to accept something for nothing.

Even if Guo Hao didn't want the money, some of it had to be paid back to him.

"Don't worry, dad. I gave them money last time, but the store assistant at Student Guo's family's store refused to accept it. I visit their store once a week and buy some dog food, cat food and other things which I deliver to the shelters." The shelters Mother Wang was referring to was in fact a charity initiative under the Pet Trainers Guild which offered shelter to many homeless spirit beasts, most of which were cats and dogs.

After living all these years, Mother Wang was after all well versed in the ways of the world and knew how to handle things tactfully.

Guo Hao wasn't willing to take the money, but Mother Wang visited his family's store every week, and discerning individuals could tell what Mother Wang's intentions were. Those store assistants who handled the purchases got to know Mother Wang over time and felt that she was very wise!

This was a direct representation of the Wang family's image.

"Well done, Dongmei!" The old man couldn't help praising her.

Actually, Mother Wang didn't have any other reason for doing this.

Kindness could be passed on. Guo Hao had his own good intentions. What Mother Wang was doing was to pass on that kindness.

Listening quietly to the conversation between Mother Wang and the old man from upstairs, Wang Ling felt warm in his heart.

It was said that behind every strong man had to be an even stronger woman. Wang Ling felt that no matter how high his realm was or how powerful he was, the person propping this family up right now wasn't him, but Father Wang.

Therefore, the image of Father Wang as a father forever loomed tall in Wang Ling's mind.

And as the woman behind this powerful man, Wang Ling's image of Mother Wang in his imagination had become even more sublime.

Although Mother Wang might not be aware of it, she had indeed groomed Lao Gudong and Daoist Taotie, these peak Itinerant Immortal epic-level killers, through her unfinished novel.

Therefore, even if Mother Wang was only a housewife, she was a very strong housewife!

Never look down on housewives...

Because you never knew what a housewife did when she wasn't doing housework!

...

While Wang Ling was feeling deeply moved in his heart, he heard the old man say, "But our dog staying out all day is no small thing. I had a colleague who also raised a small thing at home, but it was a cat. He didn't pay attention for a bit, and it brought a litter back."

Mother Wang clapped a hand over her mouth in astonishment. "Er Ha wouldn't do such a thing, right..."

"It's hard to say, sometimes feelings can sprout and it could fix its attention on a gorgeous female dog. So my advice is to simply proceed and take things all the way through."

As he spoke, the old man imitated a pair of scissors with his hand. "Directly neuter it!"

Wang Ling: "..."

At that moment, Wang Ling and his mother in near unison sang a song in their hearts dedicated to Er Ha.

Come back soon...

You can't afford to be neutered 1 ...

1(This is adapted from the song "Come Back Soon" by singer Sun Nan ..)





Chapter 478 Battle Saint Jiang Lei


Of course, the old man had just carelessly proposed "neutering." After all, spirit beasts also had spiritual intelligence, unlike before. An intelligent spirit beast would restrain from acting recklessly on their emotions, otherwise it wouldn't be any different from a toy poodle 1 !

1(The joke is that toy poodles are supposedly very randy..) What the old man was mainly worried about was that Er Ha was out from morning until night these days.

On one hand, the old man in fact knew that Er Ha had been involved somehow in the Demon Hunters Association incident that had happened recently. The leader of the Demon Hunters Association hadn't been caught; what happened if Er Ha was out and someone took revenge on it? On the other hand, there were actually a lot of instances now where people weren't careful in making friends in society; who knew whether their pure Er Ha was being led astray by some dodgy friends?

Wang Ling realized that Father Wang's talent for writing novels might really have been inherited from the old man. The older a person was, the bigger the hole in their brain, and the easier it was for them to come up with wild fantasies. Even in choosing a daughter-in-law, the old man had selected a "Numinous Mother with the Magic Hands" for Father Wang...

"Dad, you just do your own thing; I'll get Ling Ling to look for Er Ha later, it'll be alright." Seeing the worried look on the old man's face, Mother Wang comforted him and then watched Sheep take him out to buy fish. She then turned to go upstairs and look for Wang Ling.

Wang Ling instantly knew that he couldn't avoid looking for Er Ha.

Fortunately, however, he had already finished two exams and he felt that except for the essay sections, he could handle the history and political science exams on the following Monday.

He had plenty of time to deal with this Er Ha this Saturday.

Actually, it would be very easy to find Er Ha; as long as he used the spirit beast contract, Wang Ling would be able to easily determine Er Ha's general location.

But right now, he felt that finding Er Ha wasn't the important point; rather, it was what Er Ha was hiding.

A lazy dog suddenly cultivating solicitously, and going out everyday from morning until night... The most terrible thing, moreover, was that it had learned to hide money now! If he didn't know that his dog wasn't the slatternly type, Wang Ling would have really thought that Er Ha was keeping a female dog outside.

Wang Ling sighed. In fact, even if Mother Wang and the old man hadn't said anything, he would have done something himself.

But first, he had to find out what secret Er Ha was hiding...

...

Er Ha went out in the morning. Because the Wang family's small villa was in a relatively remote location, it had to catch the first spirit bus in the morning in order to meet Wei Zhi at the appointed time. The suburban spirit bus picked up quite a few passengers along the way. If this had been a spirit bus in the city, people would already be standing butt to butt by now.

Except for the subway, all other transport vehicles didn't use the Space Expansion Skill.

For Er Ha, taking the spirit bus was a relatively convenient choice, and its routine for getting on was the same as the last time: it snuck in swiftly and then found a place to hide. When it got off, it left a few coins below the seat.

It would have taken fifteen minutes on a sword to directly reach Wei Zhi's apartment in a straight line from the Wang family's small villa. However, the spirit bus would still be slow no matter what; it took Er Ha fully an hour and a half to reach Wei Zhi's apartment.

And as Er Ha had predicted, if it had left home half an hour later, it would have been late.

After arriving at the family apartment building downstairs, Er Ha squeezed into the underbrush and sent Wei Zhi its location to indicate that it had already arrived and Wei Zhi should come pick it up.

Why had it squeezed into the underbrush?

If a person saw a green akita that knew how to chat on a cell phone, this would probably become community news... so Er Ha was very vigilant on this point.

At the same time, it also noticed that the security guards from before had been switched out and the main entrance was tightly shut. No one could enter without an apartment access card, unless their acquaintance came down to pick them up.

It was clear that the previous incident with the bone dragon man and the group from the Demon Hunters Association breaking into the family apartment by buying off the security guards with several cigarette packs had been taken very seriously. The current apartment security guards were clearly a new lot and looked very strict, as if the Mighty Miracle God himself guarded the gate.

After sending the text message, Er Ha jumped out of the underbrush and waited for Wei Zhi at the entrance as they had agreed.

In the security booth, a couple of security guards saw a green-furred dog appear at the apartment entrance and their eyes instantly felt refreshed...

The two security guards on duty chatted in the security booth with their attention fixed on Er Ha.

"The color of this dog fur is very strange."

"It's fine, at least it's easy on the eyes."

"Look, it's staring at us."

"Whose dog is this? We could just let it in; It looks a little cute at first sight."

"Don't cause trouble; if it's really from the apartment, its owner will definitely come downstairs to get it. The batch of security guards before us were fired because they let people in randomly. Even the old captain was implicated and fired."

After that, the security guard who had wanted to let Er Ha was instantly silent. To tell the truth, this family apartment wasn't an ordinary place and they were paid very well to stay here. Even if they were security guards, they were all veterans who had been discharged from the army with very high professional qualifications.

As for the last time when people from the Demon Hunters Association had been secretly let in simply for the price of a pack of cigarettes, that had purely been a mistake on the job.

It was said that at noon that day, the brother who had let them in had drunk a little wine because he had been feeling heartbroken and depressed, and so hadn't been in his right mind. But who would have thought that the incident could have blown up like this.

Director Jiang had been directly involved, so no one had dared say anything.

Actually, for most people, being fired could be considered a very light punishment. In the family apartment where Wei Zhi lived, Director Jiang's identity actually wasn't a secret. This was Marshal Jiang, a person who could stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Blademaster General Yi. He was the Battle Saint who back then had killed a demon king with a single punch and a demon god with two punches.

So forget just dismissing that group of brothers; he only needed to say one word if he wanted to thoroughly investigate them and erase all records of their time in the army, washing away their reputations.

As the two security guards sighed in their hearts when they were thinking this, they just so happened to see a figure appear behind Er Ha.

Er Ha sensed a shadow looming over it. It turned its head and saw an old man standing behind it; he was wearing a white singlet and bell-bottomed pants, and a bunch of keys hung from his waist.

The same outfit as before...

Er Ha was stupefied. Wasn't this the old man who had read the water meter?

It also remembered that Wei Zhi had explained who the old man was.

He was the landlord of the family apartment building and the Battle Saint who was one of the Ten Founding Generals, Jiang Lei...

It was clear that the moment he saw Er Ha, Marshal Jiang couldn't help cocking his eyebrows.

He stared at Er Ha thoughtfully. "I remember you... you belong to that whatever Zhi?"

"Wei Zhi..." Er Ha couldn't resist reminding him.

"Wei what Zhi?"

"Wei Zhi..."

"What Wei, what Zhi?

"..."





Chapter 479 Wei Zhi's Gift


Er Ha's face was very composed and its eyes were a little indifferent when it looked at Marshal Jiang in front of it.

It had to be said that Marshal Jiang's acting was in fact quite realistic. If Er Ha hadn't known that this Battle Saint's cultivation was superb and that he wouldn't deteriorate to the point of dementia, it would have almost believed him!

"You can tell I'm teasing you?" Marshal Jiang was amused. He crouched down and rubbed Er Ha's head. On the alert, Er Ha dodged him, but then discovered it was as if there was some gravitational force in Marshal Jiang's palm which was involuntarily pulling its head toward his hand!

Fuck! Absorbing Palm?

Er Ha was alarmed as it knew that this old man was probably feeling it out again!

But it couldn't avoid it at all; after all, this was one of the Ten Founding Generals, and more than that, this was the Battle Saint who had punched a demon god back then. Er Ha was completely unable to put up resistance in front of such a person. At this time, it felt some regret in its heart; if it had known that this would happen, it should have arranged to meet Wei Zhi elsewhere. It shouldn't have come here!

Er Ha felt that this casually dressed old man was very dangerous!

The moment he had drawn Er Ha's head to his palm, Marshal Jiang couldn't help sighing on the spot: this dog was already a class higher than the last time he had seen it.

But how long ago was that?

It hadn't even been a week...

From third class to second class?

When Marshal Jiang loosened his grip, he couldn't help rubbing Er Ha's ears as he communicated telepathically: "If it's possible, invite your owner to come here next time and we can have tea together. If he isn't free, then it's fine..."

Er Ha abruptly raised its head, its expression slightly stunned.

"Don't be nervous... I can more or less guess your identity, but I won't do anything to you."

Marshal Jiang's eyes crinkled as he smiled and looked at Er Ha. "I don't know how many demon kings and demon gods have died by my hand... After that, whenever I stepped up to fight, those demon kings and demon gods would be so scared that they would break out in a cold sweat, and some would even collapse on the spot from fright. This is because my Battle Saint aura has already generated a type of natural deterrent to demon qi.

"But there's no demon qi on you. This proves that you're already on the right path of using spirit energy. Your owner is indeed skilful if he can wash away your demon nature."

"..." Er Ha was suddenly afraid to say anything.

"Of course, I'm just curious..."

Er Ha: "He's very busy."

That was the truth! His little master was indeed very busy! Busy with midterm exams!

Er Ha was well aware that given the level of the person in front of him, he would be able to tell if it was lying at a glance.

Since it had already been exposed to this extent, Er Ha now decided to play it by ear as much as possible...

Who knew Marshal Jiang didn't seem to care. He shrugged, then directly stood up. Seeing Marshal Jiang talking and laughing with a dog at the apartment entrance, the two security guards in the security booth couldn't help opening the window to greet him. "Uncle Jiang, you're back?"

"Mm, I had coffee with Old Yi."

"General Yi is also in Songhai city?" The security guards were stunned.

"Heh! He's not like me, I'll retire when I say I'll retire. He's so free the whole day, so he was looking for something to do."

On the side, Er Ha listened quietly. It knew that General Yi had probably come for Evil Sword God and wouldn't leave Songhai for a while yet.

Er Ha watched the old man deftly fish out an access card from his pocket and hold it up to the sensor pad of the iron gate while he chatted with the security guards. The iron gate instantly let out a crisp "beep beep beep" sound and then opened with a click.

Marshal Jiang entered first, then stretched out his hand to hold the iron gate open as he looked at Er Ha. "Don't just stand there, come in!"

When the two security guards saw this scene, they couldn't help trembling and their foreheads instantly beaded with sweat... Marshal Jiang himself was holding the gate open - this dog was so awesome!

"Uncle Jiang... do you know this dog?" one of the guards wiped at his sweat and asked weakly.

"It's Wei Zhi's friend, it's looking for Wei Zhi," Marshal Jiang said.

The two guards understood immediately.

"It... doesn't come here often, right?"

"Hard to say, friends dropping by to visit each other is normal." Marshal Jiang looked at Er Ha, then pointed at it as he fixed his eyes on the two guards. "Remember it, and let the other brothers know later - only this dog is allowed to enter our family apartment from now on."

Er Ha's eyes followed the direction Marshal Jiang was pointing in and felt overwhelmed.

"Ah?"

The two guards were taken aback — they were shocked! The first time Battle Saint Jiang Lei was using this privilege was actually for a green-furred dog!

Marshal Jiang glanced at the two men and said, "What damn 'ah'! If anyone else forgets their access card, keep them locked outside as per regulations, and then either wait for me to open the gate or have their acquaintance come down and help them do it. Am I clear?"

"Ye... yes..." Er Ha saw that the two guards were already completely stupefied at this point.

While this manner of speaking sounded a little like a command, Er Ha thought that it carried even more of the flavor of life and really looked like a neighborhood committee old man casually saying hello. After that, Marshal Jiang didn't hang around any longer, and was about to turn around and head for the apartment's residential committee office.

Before leaving, Marshal Jiang thought carefully for a bit and couldn't help turning his head to stress something to the two security guards.

He made it clear that he wasn't pulling any strings, and that this was in response to the recent national crackdown on illegal spirit beast trade as well as calls for animal protection.

...What damn animal protection...

...

Wei Zhi showed up soon after Marshal Jiang left.

"Brother Dog!" As soon as Wei Zhi got to the ground floor, he saw that green figure next to the security room and waved from a distance as he called out a greeting.

The Pushing Large Butterfly had also come with Wei Zhi to pick up Er Ha. It couldn't talk and remained unmoving on Wei Zhi's shoulder. Only when it saw Er Ha did it flutter its wings in greeting.

Er Ha ran over, and when it reached Wei Zhi, he pulled it aside.

It noticed that Wei Zhi was smiling like an open lotus flower. "Brother Dog, you're awesome! Uncle Jiang personally gave you privilege! If anyone else found out, I don't know about outside the apartment, but inside here, you can really boast about it for a lifetime."

Er Ha thought it was a little strange. "How do you know about that?"

Wei Zhi: "Uncle Jiang told me. He knew I was coming down and told me telepathically. In the apartment, any time Uncle Jiang wants to get hold of someone, he basically doesn't use the phone, and just directly contacts them telepathically."

Er Ha broke into a sweat; there were times when a high realm was indeed really convenient...

"Let's go up first!"

Wei Zhi pressed the elevator button and looked at Er Ha. "Since before, I've already been thinking about giving you a gift. I happened to get my hands on something which I think you will like very much!"

Er Ha was dazed when he heard this.

Wanted to give it a gift?

What kind of gift?

Flies?

But the problem was that even if Marshal Jiang had seen through its identity, Wei Zhi still hadn't...





Chapter 480 Mysterious Broken Bone


Er Ha had initially planned to meet Wei Zhi elsewhere because it had been afraid of Marshal Jiang at the apartment. But from the old man's attitude toward it just now, Er Ha couldn't sense any malicious intent. In Marshal Jiang's heyday back then, who knew how many demon kings and demon gods he had turned into fried chicken cutlets... If the other party really had had evil intentions, Er Ha thought that it should have been able to sense it.

From Marshal Jiang's attitude toward it now, Er Ha thought that maybe the other party was just curious about it.

But even so, Er Ha still had to be careful and cautious in this matter.

After all, Little Master Ling was now already on Marshal Jiang's radar, and Er Ha felt that it couldn't get its master involved no matter what.

As the elevator went up, Er Ha had a focused expression on its face. It stared at Wei Zhi, who looked askance at it and smiled. From Er Ha's perspective, it looked a little like a leer, which made its green fur stand on end a little.

"You've been thinking about it?" Er Ha asked as it stared at Wei Zhi.

Honestly speaking, this was a little sudden because Er Ha hadn't at all expected Wei Zhi to prepare a gift for it. Although he and Wei Zhi got along pretty well, they had in fact only known each other for less than a week. Er Ha counted on its claws: including today, it was exactly seven days!

"Not really, it's just that I happened to receive something that isn't useful to me, but will probably suit you."

Wei Zhi pulled at his hat out of habit and bared his teeth in a smile. "And today is a good day since it's also our anniversary."

"What anniversary?" Er Ha asked blankly.

"The seven-day anniversary of us joining hands to bring down the Demon Hunters Association! It's also the seventh day after the Demon Hunters Association's downfall!" Wei Zhi said excitedly.

Er Ha: "..."

The elevator had arrived. Wei Zhi seemed particularly happy today and he sang as he walked out of the elevator: I dreamt again last night the traditional opera singer got on stage in new clothes and sang the same old song 1 ...

1(From the song 典狱司 "Dian Yu Si.") Er Ha suddenly realized that Wei Zhi actually sang pretty well: it had flavor and rhythm!

The lyrics in the first half of the song were quite normal, but when it came to the chorus in the second half, the style suddenly changed: That day you and I met and went undercover into the Demon Hunters Association... Do you remember, today is the first seventh day since the Demon Hunters Association!

Er Ha: "..." What freaking seventh day!

...

It seemed that Wei Zhi had already prepared the gift in advance. The entire twenty-third floor was Wei Zhi's place. In order to transform it into an ecological environment suitable for the Pushing Large Butterfly, Wei Zhi had spent a lot of money remodeling the living room. But there were in fact a lot of other empty rooms. It wasn't that Wei Zhi didn't want to redo them but that money was really tight for him during this time.

The gift for Er Ha was in one of the empty rooms, and Wei Zhi took it there.

He pulled off the black cloth that had been covering the gift in the room. "Ta-da!"

Er Ha: "..."

Then Er Ha saw a four-sided glass tank... and inside it was a large bone which was as thick as an adult man's arm and around 1.7 or 1.8 meters long!

The joints on the ends of the bone were jagged, and it looked like it had been broken off with tremendous force.

It turned out Wei Zhi wanted to give it a bone!

This made complete sense and Er Ha didn't think it was the least bit strange.

Given that Wei Zhi didn't know its true identity, it would actually be weird if he gave Er Ha flies...

"Well, Brother Dog, do you like it?" Wei Zhi's eyes crinkled as he smiled at Er Ha. He felt that this dog's response to a bone seemed a little indifferent, but he paid it no mind because it showed precisely that Er Ha was unusual.

If a regular spirit dog saw such a big bone, its eyes would already have long been glued to it!

"Mm... not a bad gift..."

This gift actually wasn't worth much to Er Ha, so it wasn't very excited, but this was Wei Zhi's good intentions after all. Thus, Er Ha swiftly reviewed the three hundred poems and the dictionary of idioms it had memorized while it had been learning Chinese characters - but in that moment, it abruptly realized that it actually had nothing to say!

If Er Ha had known earlier, it would have looked for several spirit dogs as an experiment and observed their reactions when they saw a bone... Now that it was already a dog, Er Ha thought that it should put its heart and soul into this role. Even if it didn't like bones, it should at least act as if it did!

It thought that Wei Zhi might feel very disappointed at its reaction.

Sighing in its heart, Er Ha walked over to the glass tank.

But speaking of which, it thought that this bone was a little too big and looked like the spirit bone of some colossal spirit beast.

Er Ha was about to draw closer to examine it, but suddenly it smelled blood on the bone!

The smell was very light; Er Ha was only able to smell it at close range, and even then, it was with its face pressed against the tank!

Furthermore, Er Ha was familiar with this smell of blood on the bone!

This was... holy beast blood?

Er Ha was startled; it hadn't expected this to actually be the bone of a holy beast.

Judging from the blood qi on the bone, Er Ha believed that this bone wasn't very old, and was from roughly two hundred years ago. Two hundred years was more or less the amount of time it would take for the blood qi to dissipate to this extent, but for holy beasts who had long life spans, two hundred years was a mere flash to them.

And from how shiny the bone was, it was obvious that someone had carefully washed it clean.

A holy beast bone which actually wasn't very old...

Apart from Xiao Yin, were there really other holy beasts still alive in this world?

Er Ha began to ponder.

Seeing Er Ha's entranced expression, Wei Zhi didn't bother it. He thought that this Brother Dog was really pretty awesome. A regular dog already wouldn't have been able to stand it when it saw this bone, but Brother Dog actually looked like it was reflecting on its dog life...

Wei Zhi thought that this was probably the difference between other dogs and Er Ha.

Where those dogs would have been unable to help becoming fixated, itching to pounce on and gnaw on the bone, Brother Dog still retained an aloof and thoughtful manner... this was too rare!

Wei Zhi believed that Er Ha's spiritual intelligence had already developed to a very high level and might even surpass that of first class spirit beasts who were rumored to be able to take human form.

"Where did you get this bone from?"

Er Ha turned to ask Wei Zhi a moment later as it tried to hold back its astonishment.

Cupping his chin, Wei Zhi thought for a moment before explaining, "This is actually from the collection of the vice president of our Pet Trainers Guild. It seems that the vice president picked it up on his travels in the past. Except for the jagged joints, the bone actually looks very nice, like a crystal. Our vice president was curious, so he kept it... until recently, when he lost it to me in 'Fight the Landlord 2 '!"

2(Fight the Landlord )'Dou Di Zhu') is a Chinese card game.) Er Ha was stunned. "..." What kind of operation was this?

Wei Zhi: "Oh, by the way, the vice president actually gave this bone a name. It's called Bone King 3 ."

3(This refers to Ainz Ooal Gown, the main protagonist of the 'Overlord' series who looks like a skeleton devoid of skin and flesh ..) Er Ha: "..."





Chapter 481 Vice President's Fenrir


Er Ha stared at this holy beast bone for quite a while and couldn't help swallowing its saliva at the lingering smell of holy beast blood which the bone gave off. It wasn't interested in the bone itself - it was the fragrance of the leftover holy beast blood on it that was too appetizing!

Holy beast blood had a unique scent; even spirit beasts with a bad sense of smell could detect it. In the beginning, you wouldn't feel anything, but it wouldn't take long for you to become addicted! Perhaps it was because Er Ha had soaked in Xiao Yin's holy beast blood, but it thought that it was now more sensitive to it...

"You really want to give this to me?" Er Ha looked at Wei Zhi.

It was obvious that the vice president of the Pet Trainers Guild, Crying Old Immortal, and Wei Zhi didn't know this bone's origin, otherwise they definitely wouldn't think it was an ordinary beast bone and give it away so easily.

This was mainly because so much of the holy beast blood on this bone had dissipated. Er Ha felt that if it hadn't cultivated to its current level during this time, it probably also wouldn't have been able to smell it.

Its face was almost pressed up against the glass tank... It could only smell it this close!

"It's just a bone." Wei Zhi spread his hands with an indifferent air. "It was something I won to begin with, so it's no loss to me. But the vice president regretted it for a long time..."

"Wh... why?"

"He has a Fenrir at home that howls its head off every night, but it will calm down as long as the vice president throws it this bone. I heard that this Fenrir treats it like a real lollipop!"

Wei Zhi's lips curled up as he laughed. "I'm guessing that the vice president will have to rely on sleeping pills for the Fenrir this time."

"Is it that serious?"

"Hm, it's because that Fenrir is in heat."

Suddenly, Er Ha felt that it would be a little unkind to accept this bone so brazenly.

"How about... I just give it back to him?" But even as Er Ha said this, it still opened its mouth and engulfed the entire bone using the Toad clan's Space Swallowing Spell.

Wei Zhi: "..." Brother Dog, you really are something!

Er Ha was very familiar with this action; almost every human cultivator would have used it as children when they received money during the Chinese New Year - they would say it wasn't nice to accept red packets while tucking them into their pockets... this was a typical case of the mouth saying "no" but the body being honest.

When Er Ha put the "Bone King" away in its mouth, it had already decided to go look for Xiao Yin to find out about the bone's origin. The most Er Ha could do was determine that it was the bone of a holy beast from the blood on it; however, there was currently no one in the world who knew holy beasts better than Xiao Yin.

But there was still one thing Er Ha was curious about, and it looked at Wei Zhi and asked, "I recall that Fenrir this type of dog isn't from our country?"

"It's a spirit beast from western Europe, but while we call it a spirit beast, over there they are used to calling it a demon beast." As a professional pet trainer, Wei Zhi was very familiar with the culture.

Er Ha was well aware that even if Wei Zhi and Crying Old Immortal didn't know the origin of this holy beast bone, as pet trainers, there was no way that they wouldn't know about holy beasts.

But on one hand, the scent on this holy beast bone was too faint, and on the other hand, no one would have considered it at all; the announcement that holy beasts were extinct had already been around for a very long time, and could be traced back to a thousand years ago at the earliest.

After so many years, even Crying Old Immortal himself probably wouldn't believe that the bone he had picked up on his travels actually belonged to a holy beast.

Listening to Wei Zhi explain the differences in local and foreign names for the concept of the "spirit beast," Er Ha thought it needed to learn a little more about history abroad.

It really knew too little about foreign history, but most importantly, it didn't even understand everything about the history of its own country!

Nearly five thousand years had passed since the founding of Huaxiu nation; rounding it up... would be a hundred million years 1 !

1(A comical way of expressing exceedingly large amounts..) Huaxiu was a country with a long history and an established culture. A multitude of talents had come together and the people were united in one heart in this land of ceremony and propriety. During the first invasion from the Gate Between Worlds back then, these Huaxiu cultivators who stood together had in fact taught those invading demon kings and demon gods a harsh lesson - and the cultivators had had plenty to teach them!

Thinking this, Er Ha muttered to itself for a moment before asking, "By the way, is there any concept of the holy beast overseas?"

Wei Zhi nodded his head. "Yes! But the name they use is different. Foreigners call them soul beasts... They appear to still have some living soul beasts, while our holy beasts are completely gone..."

Er Ha let out a sigh. All because of a rumor back then, the holy beasts were wiped out just like that. They were really pitiful...

"What rank is the vice president's Fenrir?" The only thing Er Ha remembered was that spirit beast (demon beast) assessment standards were the same whether locally or abroad.

"It's an eighth-class cub, only three hundred years old. But a Fenrir has a long lifespan and if raised well, can mature to attain the highest class, first class."

"Just eighth class..." Er Ha instantly breathed a heavy sigh of relief.

Luckily it was just eighth class...

Although it was already three hundred years old, its spiritual intelligence was limited at the eighth class, and its IQ would only be that of a two- to three-year-old human child.

Forget the holy beast bone; even if Er Ha pulled Xiao Yin that guy over to stand in front of this Fenrir, it wouldn't be able to recognize him as a genuine holy beast.

As things stood, Fenrir would definitely complain about this "Bone King" falling into Er Ha's hands.

Actually, Er Ha had been worried earlier that this Fenrir might tell Crying Old Immortal about how precious this bone was.

But now its misgivings were completely dispelled. In Crying Old Immortal's eyes, this young Fenrir would probably resemble a child whose toy had been taken away.

Er Ha couldn't help but tease, "By the way, this foreign demon beast is really early; it's only three hundred years old and it's already in heat?"

"Tch, you've never seen it." Wei Zhi gestured with his hands. "Even just three-hundred-years old, a Fenrir is already the size of two fully grown spirit lions!"

Er Ha: "So big?"

Wei Zhi nodded. "A fully grown Fenrir can at most be the size of a villa! But a fully grown Fenrir can learn to control its size and is very loyal! The most difficult thing about it is when it's in heat."

Saying this, Wei Zhi couldn't help tsking. "Brother Dog, you've never seen it... Last time I dropped by the vice president's house, I was shocked by its thing down there! Too big! Too enviable!"

Er Ha: "..."

Wei Zhi couldn't help sighing. "To deal with Fenrir's heat, the vice president actually had a lot of female Fenrir dolls custom made for it... but it used them until they all broke..."

Er Ha was silent for a bit before it said, "Send me one later..."

Wei Zhi burst out laughing. "Brother Dog, it's not that I'm looking down on you as a fellow brother, but those dolls were made to order for Fenrir; you definitely wouldn't be satisfied when you use it! There wouldn't be any substance to it."

Er Ha: "You misunderstand; I just want to get a friend of mine to reinforce it so that it's guaranteed to remain durable forever..."

The method Er Ha was talking about was to actually have Little Master Ling enchant the doll; extras were unnecessary, it only needed to be fully durable and tough - this was the only thing Er Ha felt that it could do for that poor Fenrir.

When it thought about it, it was obvious that an indestructible doll in exchange for a "Bone King" was a good deal!





Chapter 482 Don't Touch Azeroth's Children


After this, Er Ha suddenly realized that there were quite a number of people around it who kept "demon beasts," like the members of the Demon Hunters Association whom it had run into at the assessment center. The leader had had a bone dragon with him. Er Ha had thought that it was a western spirit beast, and hadn't expected it to be called a completely different name in western countries.

After Er Ha accepted Wei Zhi's gift, the two of them went out; Er Ha had already selected their destination. One dog and one person needed to decompress; for Er Ha, it was because it had been absorbing the Sword Dao in the inheritance talisman, and it needed to relax its mind as much as possible in order to be able to better absorb the contents of the talisman. For Wei Zhi, it was purely because he was short of money, which put him under immense pressure.

In the driver's seat, Wei Zhi started his car. "Where are we going?"

Er Ha sent the location to Wei Zhi. "An Internet bar, but it's a little far."

Wei Zhi was astonished. "You can play games?!"

Er Ha spread its claws. "It's not hard to learn."

Wei Zhi sucked in a cold breath.

But it didn't take him long to realize that this wasn't the main issue!

Because it occurred to Wei Zhi that spirit beasts weren't allowed inside Internet bars!

"Brother Dog, the problem is, how are you going to get in?" Wei Zhi asked.

"It's an Internet bar willing to cooperate with Lord Island; he already let the boss of the bar know, and it'll be closed for us today."

"Brother Dog knows Lord Island?" Wei Zhi's face was full of astonishment once again.

Er Ha had a nonchalant expression; of course it knew Daoist Guang, though finding Daoist Guang's chat account had been a coincidence. After adding Lord Thunder and Little Master Ling as friends, the chat app had actually sent Daoist Guang's account as a "you may know" recommendation.

"Just look at the fan list, I'm Immortal Two. Don't look down on Lord Island, he actually cherishes his fans!" Of course, Er Ha was just making all this up.

Daoist Guang had helped Er Ha sort out the Internet bar last night. Given how big his live stream career was right now, there were actually a lot of Internet bar bosses who wanted to collaborate with him. Closing the bar for a day was a small thing for them; combined with the power of Daoist Guang's influence, if the name of such-and-such Internet bar was promoted during his live stream, it would definitely become popular.

Er Ha took its phone out of its mouth. Checking its messages, it saw that Daoist Guang had already sent it a reply, and it told Wei Zhi, "Lord Island has already arranged it with his water friends and are waiting for the two of us. We'll be gaming as one team, and Lord Island and his number one fan will be another team."

"Alright..."

Wei Zhi looked at the location Er Ha had sent him, and the corners of his lips couldn't help twitching as he stepped on the gas and drove the car slowly along the road in the direction of the Internet bar.

While it was quite some distance away to their destination, Wei Zhi remembered from before that it was an upscale residential district, but the land around it hadn't been developed yet. He thus guessed that this Internet bar was definitely newly opened; the bar's name didn't even show up in Er Ha's GPS message. It was also only new Internet bars that would pursue a collaboration in order to become popular; established Internet bars already had their own regular customers, so it wouldn't be worthwhile for them.

Furthermore, the name of an old bar would have already shown up on the GPS.

"What's the name of this newly opened bar?" asked Wei Zhi.

Er Ha: "Xin Xing 1 ."

1(The name in Chinese, 欣兴, is actually a reverse of 兴欣, which translates to Happy, and which is the name of the main eSports team in the online gaming novel "The King's Avatar.") Wei Zhi: "..."

...

Just as Er Ha and Wei Zhi hit the road, elsewhere, Lord Thunder received a message from Wang Ling.

This weekend, this Great Death-Courting Senior was conducting research in his basement for his next death-courting operation.

Recently, a person with the ID "Corris" had used an Internet forum to draw a ten-year-old girl into sexting with him. In the end, her parents found out. Later, this Corris posted his chat exchange with her parents online and urged the girl to leave home. What was worse, he used his influence with his fans to launch a verbal attack on the girl's parents and criticize them for being old and conservative.

But this girl's parents weren't part of the ordinary generation. At the end of her patience with Corris, the girl's mother, an old World of Warcraft player, directly chose to thoroughly lay bare this matter on the gaming forum 2 .

2(This is in fact based on an actual case that happened on popular video platform Bilibili.) In the end, Corris had never expected this incident to instantly become a hot public topic online; online users were now crowdfunding a bounty to launch a national manhunt for Corris.

Lord Thunder thought that this Corris was simply courting death.

He actually dared to lay hands on Azeroth's children 3 .

3(Azeroth is the name of the planet on which most of 'World of Warcraft' is set ..) Azeroth's children couldn't be touched, Azeroth's future generations even less so!

Lord Thunder was always very proactive when it came to dealing with this type of scum of society, and he didn't even need a reward. He had just sent this "Corris" ID to Little Black for the latter to help him look for this person's address.

Using just an online ID to investigate a person's identity was something that Little Black actually did a lot. There were times when Lord Thunder thought that it would be great if he could follow the network cable or WIFI back to where these scumbags were hiding and beat them up!

Less than a few minutes after Lord Thunder had entrusted the task to Little Black, Wang Ling suddenly sent him a message.

Lord Thunder stared at it blankly because it said that Er Ha had disappeared.

"When did this happen?" Lord Thunder immediately stopped what he was doing.

But intuition told Lord Thunder that this Brother Dog wasn't the type to run away from home; it probably had had something to do or was out with friends.

"Brother Xiao?"

Lord Thunder raised his head and spoke telepathically to Xiao Yin, who was lying on his stomach on the sofa on the first floor with a broccoli pillow in his arms.

Barefooted, Xiao Yin was kicking his legs back and forth as he read online about various special ways to cook crispy noodle snacks. While the most basic way to eat it was to sprinkle the seasoning inside the bag and then break up the crispy noodles, Xiao Yin felt that he should add a little bit of fun to his boring life.

Hearing Lord Thunder call for him, Xiao Yin subconsciously raised his head from the sofa and looked at the floor. Then, he used a finger to directly poke a hole in the floor. Peering through it, he saw Lord Thunder...

Xiao Yin: "What do you want?"

Lord Thunder: "Brother Xiao... you can just talk to me, don't poke holes in my family's floor!"

Xiao Yin's lips curled up. "Fine fine fine, I get it! Hurry up and tell me what you want, I'm busy!"

Lord Thunder: "Have you seen Brother Dog? Brother Ling said it's been out from morning until night in the last two days, and its movements seem very suspicious..."

"Oh, you're talking about that dog!"

Thinking for a bit, Xiao Yin answered, "I don't know where it is, but not long ago, it told me it was going to go out to look for fun!"

The hell?! Look for fun...

Lord Thunder was shocked.

Was Brother Dog so liberal now?





Chapter 483 Xiao Yin's "Resentment" Toward the Floor


Lord Thunder actually didn't think that what Xiao Yin had said was trustworthy since there were times when he would just simply say things. They would have to catch Er Ha in the act; society was now ruled by the law, and everything needed to be based on evidence. Analyzing this situation logically, as Ling Zhenren's "imperial" spirit beast, Brother Dog was in no way a simple green-furred dog!

This was a dog that, under Ling Zhenren's good and virtuous influence, had developed upright three views and rid itself of vulgar tastes.

Putting Xiao Yin's statement and Er Ha's illogical behavior together, it indeed looked very much like it had gone out looking for a dog girlfriend.

But the problem was that it hadn't been a real dog before turning into one. Could it do as the Romans did so quickly? Lord Thunder felt that this was a huge point of doubt. Secondly, as Ling Zhenren's dog and also given the fact that it had cultivated to second class, it wasn't hard for it to suppress its baser instincts.

But Xiao Yin had always been more pure to begin with and was still naive about human society; Lord Thunder didn't think he would lie. Instead, he thought it was most likely that Xiao Yin didn't completely understand the phrase "look for fun."

After all, Huaxiu's culture... was so deep and profound.

Words had completely different meanings in different contexts.

Actually, a lot of things now had been distorted...

Phrases like "an empty hole invites the wind 1 " and "Guan Zhong and Bao Shuya's friendship 2 " used to have different meanings; even "deep and profound" had been twisted to mean a "surge in vigor." Lord Thunder felt that if Cang Jie 3 saw these phrases now, he would be so infuriated he would raise his hands to unleash the Chibaku Tensei 4 !

1(Original meaning is 'unfounded' or 'baseles.')

2(Referring to men and women's private parts respectively.)

3(The creator of Chinese characters.)

4(A technique in the series 'Naruto' which has been used to create large satellites of debris to drop on opponents..) "Brother Xiao, can you send me your chat history for a look?" For the sake of solving this case, Lord Thunder could only raise his head to look through the hole that Xiao Yin had poked open in the ceiling with his finger...

Forget it - Lord Thunder thought this round hole had been pretty nicely made... it also just so happened that the light from the first floor fell on the table in the basement, so he didn't even need to turn on the light in the basement!

But contrary to his expectations, Xiao Yin actually objected.

"No way!" Xiao Yin's answer was very resolute.

For one thing, this matter involved his privacy, and for another, he had his own considerations...

He, a holy beast, had to lower himself to beg a second-class spirit beast for help, and even sent it red packets - how humiliating would it be if this got out!

Lord Thunder heaved a sigh and didn't say anything more; since this had to do with privacy, it wouldn't be nice to insist on it. In the end, his phone on the table vibrated with another message from Wang Ling. "Guyuan New District?"

Due to the spirit beast contract, Wang Ling could determine the general area that Er Ha was in, but wasn't able to work out the specific location. Now that he had narrowed it down as much as possible, he could only ask Little Black to help with the rest and do a search within the area.

Hadn't Guyuan New District just opened? Why would Brother Dog go there?

Lord Thunder knew that a lot of the entertainment facilities there were still under construction. There weren't any large cultivation shopping malls like Yida nearby, or even any relaxation centers with baths and saunas.

First of all, Lord Thunder had already thrown out the possibility of Er Ha going for a foot soak.

Furthermore, if a dog that could talk and which had such distinctive fur were to run to a relaxation center for a foot soak, it would instantly make the news.

Thinking this, Lord Thunder directly sent Wang Ling a voice message instead of typing: "Brother Ling, wait a minute. I'll contact Little Black right away and have him find the exact location."

But before he could finish speaking, Xiao Yin immediately interrupted him. "Wait, Thunder! Don't send it to Master yet!"

Lord Thunder was so startled his finger almost slipped at Xiao Yin's yell, but in the end he scrolled up and deftly canceled the voice message. "What's going on, Brother Xiao?"

Xiao Yin had clearly received some explosive news, and he was unable to contain himself!

Then, Lord Thunder heard a loud "bang" above his head.

Xiao Yin had directly punched a hole in the floor and jumped down from it.

Lord Thunder looked up at the ceiling and sucked in a cold breath of air. "Brother Xiao... what did my family's floor do to you?"

It was made of the best sapphire marble! Custom made by artisans! Lord Thunder wanted to cry but had no tears to shed as he looked at the big hole in the ceiling.

"Thunder! Thunder! Look at this!" Xiao Yin dusted himself off and passed the phone directly to him. It was a screenshot of a live stream room.

Lord Thunder stared blankly at the screenshot. " Ei ? Isn't this..." He almost said "Daoist Guang" these two words, but Xiao Yin didn't know of the latter's existence. For the time being, Lord Thunder and Wang Ling had decided to keep secret Daoist Guang's identity as the person who had divulged information on Evil Sword God and the Immortal's Treasure House.

"Thunder, you should know this live streamer, he's very popular recently!" Xiao Yin said excitedly.

Lord Thunder gave an unperturbed nod. "Hm... I know him..." He already more than just knew him; they had already become brothers!

"Look at this!"

Xiao Yin pointed at something in the screenshot.

It was a bullet message in the live stream room which read: Immortal Two and his friend are on the way to the Internet bar and Lord Island is recruiting water friends from his fan group! Everyone get hyped! Lord Island will choose water friends randomly! This is a rare opportunity!

Lord Thunder was startled by this bullet message.

Immortal Two? Wasn't this Brother Dog's online ID?

As soon as he opened the live stream room, he saw that Lord Island was already online and there was a special notice on the public screen: This online water friend activity is exclusively sponsored by Xin Xing Internet Bar...

Not only that, Daoist Guang had even directly posted the address of this Internet bar on the public screen, and it was right in Guyuan New District!

Well...

There was no need for Little Black to step up...

Lord Thunder could roughly guess the whole story, and he promptly took a screenshot of the live stream room before he sent it to the three-person chat group they had set up with Daoist Guang. "Daoist Guang, are you going to game online with Brother Ling's dog?"

Wang Ling: "???"

Wang Ling had been staring at the chat box the whole time, so he saw this message when it popped up.

He saw the screenshot that Lord Thunder had sent. There was already a red box on it singling out Er Ha's online ID among the bullet messages.

Wang Ling's face couldn't help twitching: this thing had actually gone to an Internet bar to play games?

Wang Ling suddenly thought...

His dog really knew how to look for fun...





Chapter 484 Mr Lu On the Way to Court Death


Daoist Guang had always revered Wang Ling because since their first meeting, he had already known for certain that Wang Ling was a genuine immortal senior bigwig. Back then, he had brandished his roll of "Three Five" test papers and smashed the remaining demonic sword qi left behind by Evil Sword God's Heaven-Cleaving sword into pieces; until now, this scene was still fresh in Daoist Guang's memory.

How could he ever catch up to this type of senior?

Hence, he paid special attention to their three-person chat group as well as to Wang Ling's account. No matter how busy he was, as soon as there was activity in either of these, he would respond in the first instance.

After seeing Lord Thunder and Wang Ling's messages, he couldn't help saying blankly, "Senior Ling's spirit beast did indeed contact me, but I thought Senior Ling already knew, so I made some arrangements..."

Wang Ling: "..."

When he saw Daoist Guang's message, blue veins popped on his temple... This thing had actually learned to act first and report later!

Lord Thunder sent a facepalm emoji. "But the problem is that Brother Ling didn't know anything, Brother Guang!"

Daoist Guang also sent the same emoji. "So... cancel it?" He knew that canceling this water friend match off the cuff would actually damage his popularity a fair bit. Even if he had a real talent for live streaming, this incident, which could be considered a live stream mishap, would definitely cause him to lose fans and he would easily become the butt of gossip.

There were some live stream small fry on the live streaming platform who were keeping a close eye on him. These sour grapes would grasp at the slightest hint of gossip and dress it up in exaggerated words to tarnish his reputation.

The thing live streamers were afraid of was a tarnished reputation, which was why Lord Island was always very careful on this point.

This was the conclusion he had come to after seeing various cases online of live streamers being banned from all platforms.

For an entertainment live streamer in particular, the quicker one became popular, the easier a target they became.

This was why Daoist Guang felt that there had to be a control measure for entertainment! Furthermore, he had to spread positive energy to his audience during his daily live stream! Being funny was one thing, but he absolutely couldn't go too far.

"Don't be hasty, Brother Guang, let's see what Brother Ling thinks."

The chat group fell into silence, and Lord Thunder sighed and said, "By the way, does Brother Guang know why Brother Dog has suddenly started to play games? And with a friend as well? What kind of person is this friend?"

Daoist Guang nodded; he had asked Er Ha the same question back then. "Both Ling Zhenren and Brother Thunder should be very familiar with this friend of Brother Dog's - it was Brother Dog and this youngster who exposed what the Demon Hunters Association were doing not long ago. His surname is Wei."

"Oh! So it's him!"

Realization suddenly dawned on Lord Thunder.

This had happened seven days ago. After Er Ha and Wei Zhi had reported the Demon Hunters Association's black market, Zhuo Yi had arrived with a large group of people and arrested Strong Zuo and his batch. As the first eyewitness and as a representative of the Pet Trainers Guild, Wei Zhi had joined forces with police to clean up the rest of the Demon Hunters Association's forces throughout the country.

Lord Thunder had posted on his own cultivation forum in order to get firsthand information.

Actually, he had been at the scene when Zhuo Yi had interrogated Strong Zuo and his group and when Wei Zhi's witness statement had been recorded.

In his entire statement, Wei Zhi had kept his lips firmly sealed about Er Ha and had shouldered all the responsibility.

Back then, Zhuo Yi and Lord Thunder had thought that this person was pretty loyal.

Remnant offshoots of the Demon Hunters Association were now spreading all kinds of threats against Wei Zhi. Lord Thunder noticed that these threats focused on Wei Zhi and there was no mention of Er Ha.

In fact, Lord Thunder didn't know that long before Strong Zuo had been captured, Er Ha had actually already been targeted by the executive management of the Demon Hunters Association after Strong Zuo had put a soul marker on it.

But things had actually taken a new turn; after Wang Ling had discovered the marker, he had simply transferred it to Xiao Yin.

...

Thus at that moment, tree goblin Mr Lu with the nickname "forest fairy," who was the servant of the Demon Hunters Association's President Bai, had found his way to the gate of Lord Thunder's villa. According to the GPS location provided by Mo Immortal Castle, that green-furred dog lived here.

Mr Lu leaned on his walking stick. He wore a groomed and distinguished suit, and his white hair had been slicked back. He also wore an eye monocle, and from afar, he looked like a western nobleman.

"The animal the Lady of the Castle was talking about lives here." Mr Lu took a deep breath and looked at the radar in his hand. This was something that had been developed through the Lady's great long-range data analysis in conjunction with Mo Immortal Castle's latest location technology: just following the pointer on the radar would lead to the target's specific position.

According to the Lady, they had designed the radar's appearance as a special tribute to the dragon human race that had once existed in history; it looked like the compass which the dragon human race had created for the sake of finding the dragon balls.

Mr Lu leaned on his walking stick as he headed toward the main entrance when the security guard stopped him. "Excuse me, sir, who are you looking for?"

He looked at the security guard calmly and said unperturbed, "I'm the owner."

The security guard was taken aback. "But sir.... why haven't I seen you before?"

Mr Lu: "It's normal for you not to recognize me since I'm usually in the car. You're new, right? Why don't you call your leader over and see if he recognizes me." Mr Lu said this sonorously, as if he really did own several villas here, scaring this little guard stupid.

The crucial point was that when this little guard saw Mr Lu's attire, the latter indeed brimmed with a noble air. Standing next to this person, the little guard for some reason felt that the air seemed a lot more refreshing... It was the carefree and relaxed feeling of breathing in oxygen in the highlands.

This little guard was a little enchanted. "Ah... what's with this relaxing feeling?"

Could it be...

Was this the legendary noble temperament?

Mr Lu: "..."

This little guard didn't dare slight him and quickly pressed the button to open the smart gate. "It's fine, it's fine, Mr Lu, was it? Please come in!"

There was no need for the leader to personally deal with this trivial matter; if this really was some neighborhood big shot whom the little guard left standing outside, when the time came, the blame would definitely fall on him!

Mr Lu smiled faintly as he entered unhurriedly.

People nowadays were so easy to fool.

Why did standing next to him give the carefree and relaxed feeling of breathing in oxygen?

You don't say!

He was a tree goblin!





Chapter 485 Ling Zhenren Decides to Join the Battle


Daoist Guang and Lord Thunder were waiting for Wang Ling's message in the group chat. Daoist Guang had even paused the live stream. His water friends thought that he'd gone to the toilet, so they didn't rush him, and the bullet messages were all still cheerful.

It wasn't hard to notice that Daoist Guang's fans, "Light Chasers," were actually very civilized.

Nowadays, users who sent bullet message were becoming younger and younger, and if many of the bullet messages weren't starting a fight, then they were sent by reverse fans setting the tone, which was very unsightly. This proved that having a group of high-class fans was actually very important.

The two of them didn't wait long before Wang Ling sent a screenshot to the chat group... It was of the official PUBG download manager, and it was already halfway done with the download!

Lord Thunder was stunned. "Brother Ling, are you going to take part? You hardly play games..."

Alright...

This screenshot actually already explained everything.

Since becoming acquainted with Wang Ling, Lord Thunder's impression of him was that he rarely touched games; whenever he saw Wang Ling, the latter would usually be reading or studying. Lord Thunder guessed that Wang Ling's ultimate aim for deciding to "join the battle" this time was definitely to sound out the reason for Er Ha's recent abnormal behaviour.

Daoist Guang was in high spirits. "It would be fantastic if Senior Ling takes part! It will definitely be much more lively. But Brother Lei is saying that senior hardly plays games?"

Lord Thunder quickly recovered himself. "You don't have to worry about this at all, Brother Guang. Brother Ling is a very quick learner..." After all, Brother Ling had taken just ten minutes to advance from a bronze weaponsmith to a king weaponsmith. How hard could it possibly be for him to remember keyboard controls for the game?

"Alright." Daoist Guang sent an "OK" emoji. "I'll choose custom mode and set up a password and invite Senior Ling and Brother Lei."

"I also need to join this battle?" Lord Thunder couldn't help laughing.

Daoist Guang: "I've already agreed to team up with my number one fan, and Brother Dog is bringing its friend with the surname Wei. We're doing two-player mode, and there are one hundred people in total with fifty teams. We can't ask Senior Ling to team up with a water friend..."

Daoist Guang's purpose for forcefully drawing Lord Thunder into the game was actually quite simple - he was well aware that Senior Ling didn't like to talk! Once he was in the game, there really was the chance he would wind up being the lone maverick. It would be good for him to team up with someone familiar; an unfamiliar water friend might curse him out instead...

Lord Thunder sent a teary smile emoji. "Fine! But I haven't played this game in a very long time. It shouldn't take me too long to update it!"

Phone in hand, Xiao Yin sat on a broccoli sofa in the basement as he stared intently at Lord Thunder. "Thunder, Thunder, what are you chatting about... so happy..."

Lord Thunder raised his head and said, "Brother Ling may be coming here later to game with me and Lord Island."

"Master... is coming here?!"

For some reason, Xiao Yin was suddenly excited. "And you're going to play with Lord Island? You actually already know him?"

"Mm... you could say I'm quite familiar with him..." Lord Thunder nodded his head.

"Holy shit! Please help me get his autograph! He live streams from a remote island - it's such a boring place but he can still find something fun to do! He's my idol! I can't find anything to do at home every day!" Xiao Yin said feverishly.

"An autograph? Wait, I'll ask..."

After talking to Xiao Yin, Lord Thunder immediately sent Daoist Guang a message.

"An autograph?"

Daoist Guang replied very quickly. "I don't have any paper here. How about you ask Senior Ling to burn some paper for me later?"

"Do you have any backups...?"

Lord Thunder somehow thought it sounded very strange when he asked.

Daoist Guang thought for a while and said, "Then I'll autograph a coconut."

Lord Thunder: "..."

...

Elsewhere, Er Ha and Wei Zhi had already arrived at "Xin Xing Internet Bar." The boss was a subdued-looking young man with a faint scruff and disheveled hair, as if he had just woken up.

Standing at the entrance with a cigarette in his mouth, he looked at Wei Zhi and Er Ha before blowing out a perfect smoke ring. "It was Lord Island who introduced this place to you?"

"That's right." Wei Zhi nodded his head.

Crouching down, that young boss brushed his bangs aside and looked at Er Ha. "It's fine for you to speak, Lord Island already told me about you."

Er Ha felt that this boss was a little interesting. "You don't think it's strange?"

"Heh, my family has opened Internet bars for eight generations; what kind of demons and ghosts haven't we seen?"

The boss smiled with the cigarette in his mouth, then fished out a key and showed Wei Zhi and Er Ha in. "Follow me."

After entering, both Wei Zhi and Er Ha were startled by the open space... This Internet bar was huge!

The machines in the main hall alone were already too many to count, and they were all first-rate setups. The decor was also very elegant and gave people a sense of sophistication.

"There are five hundred machines in total in the main hall, and including those in the private rooms and the VIP rooms, we have over one thousand and two hundred machines." Speaking up to this point, the boss put out his cigarette and had already taken out a new one...

"You should have plenty of customers, right?" asked Er Ha.

"Hm..." The boss rubbed his head and said after some thought, "You are my Internet bar's fourth and fifth customers - the first three people were frightened off."

"Frightened off?"

"They couldn't afford the price."

"How much per hour?"

"Sixty."

"Sixty, that's not expensive..." Given the environment and setup, Wei Zhi thought that sixty really wasn't expensive.

The boss: "Immortal gold!"

Wei Zhi and Er Ha: "..."

Without saying anything else, this young boss showed them to a private room, above which read the fixed price: One hundred immortal gold bars an hour! The sixty immortal gold bars the boss had mentioned earlier was just the price for the main hall...

The boss: "The two of you can use this room; I've already tested the setup for you in advance."

Wei Zhi smiled. "The area around Guyuan New District is still being developed, so there naturally wouldn't be many residents or customers here. Most Internet bars would kick off their business with special bargains. You might have this type of quality setup, but the price is a little expensive. And another thing, I don't understand why you would open an Internet bar here..."

"Opening my own Internet bar has always been my lifelong wish! All the people in my family opened Internet bars, and they were passed down to me in this generation. I've always been a little lazier, and I'm normally too lazy to handle things. I had to handle customer data for over a thousand Internet bars, which was more than I could deal with."

The boss looked very melancholy. "So I sold off my family's chain of over one thousand Internet bars and opened this one."

Wei Zhi and Er Ha: "..."

The boss chuckled. "But I later realized that although things are more relaxed now, I no longer had any business. That's why I chose to collaborate with Lord Island, as rich customers will naturally drop by."

Er Ha thought the boss of this Internet bar was an odd person, and was a typical case of not properly inheriting family property...

Wei Zhi: "I have to ask, what is boss's surname?"

"Ye 1 ."

1(Ye Xiu is the chain-smoking protagonist in the esports novel "The King's Avatar..") Leaning against the door with the cigarette in his mouth, the boss blew out a string of smoke circles.

Wei Zhi and Er Ha: "..."





Chapter 486 Good Good Study


It was clear that this Internet bar's Boss Ye was a person with a story to tell. To own a chain of more than a thousand Internet bars, it could be said that his family was very powerful.

Huaxiu was too big, full of crouching tigers and hidden dragons. Er Ha felt it already knew so many mysterious people in Songhai city alone.

Wei Zhi and Er Ha sat down next to each other and turned on their respective computers. This private gaming room was an ordinary one for five people, and the largest room could hold ten people. However, the setup in all the private rooms was almost the same, without many differences; it was just that they were a little small. But while this was the case, Er Ha noticed the private room had its own washroom, which was quite convenient.

In addition to the service call button next to the computer, there was also a self-service drinks rack and a snacks shelf in the room. If you wanted to order something, you could directly scan the code to pay.

But the drinks rack and snacks shelf were now empty and had become part of the decor. One reason was that when Boss Ye had bought this Internet bar, things hadn't been completely ready yet. Secondly, Boss Ye was a little short of money at present and was unable to hire assistants to help him. He was a lazier person than most, and the best would be to specially assign someone to keep track of the snacks and drinks every day and replenish them promptly when necessary.

Er Ha felt that it would be tired just looking at Boss Ye keep an eye on so many private rooms...

Boss Ye waited for Wei Zhi and Er Ha to turn on their computers. After confirming that there weren't any problems, he silently finished the cigarette in his hand, stubbed it out in the ashtray, then pressed the ventilation button next to the light switch in passing. "The two of you probably don't smoke, right?"

Wei Zhi: "No, no..."

Boss Ye nodded. "That's good. There's no smoking in this whole Internet bar."

Er Ha couldn't resist retorting, "Then why are you smoking..."

Boss Ye laughed. "Who asked me to be the boss?"

Wei Zhi and Er Ha: "..."

"But I reckon there'll definitely be some people who don't follow the rules, which is why I specially designed this smoke ventilation system." As he spoke, Boss Ye took out two bottles of mineral water from his storage bag and tossed them to Er Ha and Wei Zhi. "I only have these in the store now since money is tight, so make do with them."

Wei Zhi took one. "Thanks, boss. You're not playing?"

"Games all follow the same pattern, I've long grown tired of playing them. I'm going to go to the lounge next door to sleep." Boss Ye yawned and stretched. As he walked out the door, he said, "If there's a problem with the computer, just call for me. If everything's fine, the two of you can just leave straightaway once you're done. Remember to close the door for me..."

Peng !

Then, the door to the private room closed shut behind Boss Ye.

Er Ha: "This Boss Ye is quite interesting."

"Yeah."

Wei Zhi nodded his head; he somehow felt that this Boss Ye's temperament was similar to some legendary person, but at the same time was also a little different 1 ...

1(In 'The King's Avatar,' the skilled protagonist Ye Xiu is an avid gamer.) After turning on the computer, the first thing Er Ha did was to log into the chat app. Daoist Guang had already pulled it into the water friends group. Including Er Ha and Daoist Guang, there were currently five people in the water friends group. The others were Daoist Guang's number one fan [Has Three Days And Two Sleeps Been Updated], Lord Thunder, and a person whom Er Ha had never seen before with the ID "Good Good Study 2 ...

2(This is the deliberate literal mistranslation of 好好学习,or "study well .. ") Er Ha raised an eyebrow. "Senior Immortal, are you also taking part?"

"That's right, Brother Dog! I'm so bored that I thought I'd play for a bit."

Lord Thunder replied from in front of his screen.

Wang Ling had teleported to Lord Thunder's house about thirty seconds ago, and was now watching from behind him. This "Good Good Study" account was actually a side account of Lord Thunder's.

Before the cultivation forum had been set up, Lord Thunder had used this side account to infiltrate other chat groups to gather intelligence. It had actually been a very long time since he had used it, but it was a long-running account with a high rank - of course, the account ID hadn't been "Good Good Study" before; Wang Ling had changed it after borrowing the account.

Lord Thunder felt that Wang Ling was actually giving very obvious hints in every respect...

It was a pity that Er Ha had no idea at all about the person using this account.

That was because as long as Wang Ling wasn't online, he would usually be offline on QQ and he wouldn't hang around on the Internet. His account level would hence be lower than for most people. So when Er Ha saw the level of this account, it straightaway made assumptions that didn't factor in the possibility of Wang Ling being the account user at all.

Staring at the account name for a long time, Er Ha carefully asked, "Senior Immortal, who is this senior?"

Lord Thunder: "Because it's duo play mode this time, I had a friend come over for now. This friend isn't in the chat group, you probably don't know him..."

"Mm." Er Ha nodded and didn't think it suspicious. "If only my little master played games!"

"..."

Reading this sentence, Daoist Guang and Lord Thunder couldn't help how their hearts thumped.

Acting on the expression in Wang Ling's eyes, Lord Thunder asked, "Brother Dog, why did you suddenly decide to play games?"

It actually wasn't just Wang Ling; Daoist Guang and Lord Thunder were also quite concerned about this matter.

If this had been a week or two ago, Er Ha wouldn't have had any interest in these things at all, given its lazy view on a dog's life.

Er Ha didn't mind this question too much when it saw it; indeed, it usually didn't play games, and to suddenly want to do so certainly was a little strange.

Er Ha had already explained the reason for it; a lot of it had to do with decompressing since the mental stress caused by the inheritance talisman was greater than it had expected. Most importantly, Er Ha wanted to digest all the contents of the talisman in a short period of time before going off on its own to resolve the issue with the Toad clan.

In the beginning, Er Ha had actually wanted to relieve stress by watching live streams. In the end, Daoist Guang had just happened to start live streaming and also gaming during that time. Watching someone else play games, you sometimes couldn't help but itch to play yourselves.

So this was the second reason why Er Ha had chosen to play games to decompress... Of course, this was actually a minor factor.

After thinking about it, Er Ha replied, "Well... I've been cultivating a technique recently, so I'm feeling a lot more pressure."

On the surface, there actually wasn't anything wrong with Er Ha's answer. Wang Ling knew that in addition to studying a cultivation spirit technique recently, Er Ha was actually also trying hard to absorb the power of the "inheritance talisman," which was bound to cause mental stress. Wang Ling didn't deny that playing games was a very good way to relieve stress in this situation.

However, Wang Ling still felt that Er Ha was still hiding something big...

Just then, Er Ha suddenly said, "So the sixth person we've fixed on this time is my friend?"

Daoist Guang nodded. "That's right."

Er Ha: "Then I'll invite my friend in."

Daoist Guang: "Mm, Brother Dog, go ahead."

Just as Er Ha was about to invite Wei Zhi in, it suddenly thought of a very serious problem and hurriedly sent a message to the group. "Wait! There's something very important I haven't said!"

Daoist Guang and Lord Thunder: "???"

Er Ha: "Elder brothers, you must not tell my little master that I came out to play games!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 487 Don't Underestimate Water Friends


Er Ha pulled Wei Zhi into the group. This was the first time that Wei Zhi was so "close" to Lord Island, so he looked a little excited. "I never thought it would really be Lord Island! Lord Island, please show us mercy!"

"All right, all right," Daoist Guang replied very politely.

Currently, Wang Ling and Lord Thunder were one team, Er Ha and Wei Zhi were another, and Daoist Guang and his number one fan "Brother Sleep" were one. The six members for the water friends match had assembled. What Daoist Guang had to do next was announce the number of the water friends match chat group in a bullet message and then add people in the order of their applications until the number hit a hundred people.

That was when hand speed would be the most important.

"Let me do it, Lord Island." At that moment, "Brother Sleep," who had been silent all this time, spoke up. In reality, Wang Ling had been very curious about the identity of this "Brother Sleep" since the very beginning.

That was because Wang Ling felt that Brother Sleep was very similar to someone he had in mind when the other person spoke, especially his serious tone.

"Brother Sleep? Are you really that author who watches live streams and play games daily and is constantly hassled by readers to update?" Wei Zhi asked unabashedly.

Seeing this question on the screen, "Brother Sleep" couldn't help twitching his lips. "No..."

Wei Zhi looked a little disappointed. "Ei! I thought you were!"

Brother Sleep asked with interest, "Do you also read this person's books?"

Wei Zhi: "Yes! I love his Let Go of that Wet Nurse!"

Brother Sleep: "..."

Er Ha: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Lord Thunder: "Brother Wei Zhi... Wang Situ didn't write that book."

Wei Zhi: "Oh! I probably mixed them up. Anyway, Wang Situ and this Three Days And Two Sleeps are both authors I especially like."

In order to avoid embarrassment, Wei Zhi specially went online to check the book this time. After confirming its title, he posted it in the chat group. "Yes! Look, it's this book... Terror Paradise!"

The number one fan with the ID Brother Sleep nodded. "This book is indeed pretty good. The lead is temperamental and has a strong personality."

Lord Thunder was suddenly a little curious. "What's it about?"

Wei Zhi: "It deserves its popularity. It's a story about the growth of the young protagonist. One day, he suddenly discovers a resurgence of the world's spirit qi. Then, he unexpectedly obtains a system! The premise is that as long as he's frightened by any danger he encounters from that point on, he can turn the power of his fear into virtual system currency to buy a variety of props to make him stronger. I still remember that the strongest prop he bought in the end was a leather sofa1!"

1(This is a possible reference to the online novel "Thriller Paradise" which escapes us.) Lord Thunder: "..."

"If you're interested in this book, you can read it later," Brother Sleep said.

Still feeling a little disappointed, Wei Zhi sighed in front of the screen. "Ei, are you really not Brother Sleep?"

Brother Sleep shook his head and couldn't help laughing. "I'm not, I'm just a fan of his. Most online nicknames are unlikely to be true. Look at this friend with the ID 'Immortal Two.' All of you call him Brother Dog, but it's not necessarily really a dog, right?"

Er Ha: "..."

"..." In front of their screens, everyone except for Brother Sleep were instantly lost for words.

"All right, I've posted the group number!" No sooner had Brother Sleep spoken when applications instantly flooded the group with all kinds of reasons submitted.

"1112."

2(Denotes enthusiasm in games with meanings like "I want to,""I'm ready," "I'm here," "Yes" and so on.) "I love Lord Island the most!"

"If you are the fireworks above the sea, then I am the foam of the waves. At some point... your light illuminates me3..."

3(From the song "Chasing the Light" by Yoyo Sham..) "Mwah! I super love Lord Island! Can I send him white stockings?"

...

In less than two minutes, the number of people in the group had reached the maximum limit. A group could accommodate a hundred people at most, and Daoist Guang had set up the system to automatically review group applications before they had reached this number.

In addition, Daoist Guang had specially adjusted the restriction level for group members in order to prevent infiltration by anti-fans from other live streams. Applications from side accounts with ranks that were too low would be directly filtered out by the system.

Soon, the chat group became lively. Er Ha turned to look at Wei Zhi next to it and suddenly realized that Wei Zhi was actually examining the game keyboard controls. The corners of its eyes twitched instantly. "Can you play or not, you can't even remember the key positions..."

Wei Zhi scratched his head. "It's been so long since I last played... when I played before, a lot of these mechanisms didn't exist!"

"It's fine, I'll carry you!"

"So confident?"

"They're just a bunch of water friends. As long as they don't use cheats, I think I can beat them." Er Ha smiled and looked very confident.

"Brother Dog, don't look down on water friends..." Wei Zhi tsked as he swiftly clicked opened a webpage. "Come, Brother Dog, look at this!"

Er Ha craned its neck for a look and noticed that the webpage Wei Zhi had opened was for a team's profile data.

"What's this?"

"The most awesome team in the history of gaming in the cultivation world, Team XX. There are ten members in the team, but each one of them is proficient in all types of games. It's said that if you give them five minutes, they can completely master a game. Even if it's a puzzle game, they can take the shortest time possible to come up with the fastest way to clear it."

Speaking up to this point, Wei Zhi pointed to a young man standing in the middle of the team who looked like an elder brother; his arms were crossed and his eyes crinkled as he smiled slightly. "This man is the captain of the team... he is also the legendary Great God Ye who wrote Guide to Glory."

While Team XX was very renowned, people who were new to gaming actually wouldn't know much about them. However, at the mention of Great God Ye and Guide to Glory, Er Ha instantly remembered.

During his live stream back then, Daoist Guang had also used the advanced "Z Shake" body movement from Guide to Glory; Er Ha remembered it very clearly.

Thus, when Wei Zhi said this, Er Ha was enlightened.

This Internet bar which belonged to Boss Ye was called Xin Xing, and the abbreviation of the strongest games team in history just happened to be XX. Most crucially, both of them had the surname Ye...

"Are you saying you think Boss Ye has something to do with this Great God Ye?"

"Mm, it's possible." Wei Zhi nodded his head. "Team XX crushed everyone in various major gaming competitions... Later on, they even expanded to the point where clubs would pay them specially to secretly research strategies for clearing matches in the shortest amount of time."

Hearing this, Er Ha was a little baffled. "But what does this have to do with whether water friends are strong or not?"

"Brother Dog... you still don't understand?"

Wei Zhi gazed at Er Ha and couldn't help giving a mysterious smile. "Do you know how this Great God Ye created Team XX and recruited so many expert members back then?"

Er Ha: "???"

Wei Zhi: "He found all of them through the bullet messages!"

Er Ha: "..."





Chapter 488 Father Wang's Secret


After the water friends for the match had gathered, Wang Ling registered his game ID, and his character's name was as simple and blunt as ever: HHXX (short for "Good Good Study") 1 .

1(In Chinese, HHXX is the acronym of the pinyin for 好好学习 'hao hao xue xi .. ') Lord Thunder had already prepared this account in advance. Wang Ling had initially planned to buy one himself. In fact, it wasn't too expensive: the standard retail price online was ninety-eight HNY... However, compared with Wang Ling's expenditure on games in general, this ninety-eight HNY was already a huge expense for him.

Lord Thunder was quite considerate. When he had played this game before, he had thought that playing alone wasn't interesting, so he had bought one hundred accounts at one go with the intention of sending them to people and pulling them into the pit to play together. In fact, he had an account that had been specially prepared for Wang Ling.

He had felt that there would come a day when he would be able to play a game with Wang Ling...

Lord Thunder felt that this was a lifetime achievement as well as a blessing.

In ancient times, people became friends over drinks; when meeting close friends in particular, they were certain to drink a few jugs of wine. But this wasn't the style for current cultivators; the most convenient way to make friends now was on social networking platforms. When the "eating chicken" game became popular, there had been some ridicule online about how modern cultivators made friends: once, it was over a thousand cups of wine; now, it was finding a place to lay low together...

In the villa's basement, Lord Thunder had an office with five or six computers. These were for work, and weren't as good as computers for gaming, but they could already be said to be the fighter planes of work computers - running a game like "eating chicken" on it completely wasn't a problem.

Lord Thunder sat next to Wang Ling, his face wreathed in smiles. "Brother Ling, do you know the keyboard controls?"

"Mm." Wang Ling nodded. He had just spent two seconds looking at them.

The door to the office was open, and Xiao Yin sat on the broccoli sofa outside the office, unmoving and clearly nervous. From this angle he could just see Wang Ling's back.

"Want to ask Master about forming the contract?"

Xiao Yin was at a loss, and also a little afraid that acting too impudently would backfire.

When people felt conflicted, it was inevitable that they would become nervous, and when they were nervous, everyone had different ways of getting rid of their nerves. For Xiao Yin, the most common way was to eat...

Earlier, Xiao Yin had been studying different ways to make crispy noodle snacks. In the end, when he looked at Wang Ling, he somehow felt nervous, and as soon as he felt nervous, he unconsciously opened the crispy noodle snack packet he was holding and took a bite without even sprinkling the seasoning over it.

Crunch !

It was just a very light crunch sound, but it still drew Wang Ling's attention.

Xiao Yin abruptly noticed that Master, who had initially been concentrating on the computer screen, suddenly turned his head!

He didn't know if it was an illusion, but Xiao Yin somehow felt that Master's eyes looked like they were shining...

Xiao Yin instantly started to sweat copiously...

...

Elsewhere, the door to Father Wang's study in the Wang family's small villa was tightly shut. Mother Wang had come by earlier, and when she twisted the doorknob and realized that the door was locked, she walked away quietly. Father Wang's door generally wasn't locked. There was only one situation that Mother Wang could think of for it being locked, and that was that Father Wang was behind in his manuscript and was now typing frantically.

Therefore, Mother Wang didn't bother him. Furthermore, Lie Mengmeng was also inside. Two people was better than one; the previous times when Father Wang had rushed his work, he would lock himself inside, and Mother Wang had been afraid that he would type himself to death. Nowadays, there were too many news reports about writers who stayed up all night typing before dying suddenly...

But even when that was the case, there were still some readers who liked to make trouble as they tried everything to make an author fall behind in their chapters so that they could make them wear women's clothes as compensation! Mother Wang thought she was still pretty young at heart... but she really didn't understand the crossdressing trend among young people nowadays.

After all, Father Wang was already quite old. How could a stoutly built man look good in women's clothes?

But then again... Mother Wang suddenly thought that if it was Wang Ling who crossdressed, that wouldn't be bad!

When Wang Ling had been very young, Mother Wang had in fact bought a set of girl's clothes for him and dressed him up like a little girl... almost every parent had done this.

Mother Wang remembered that she had taken a picture of him at that time...

"Where did I put the picture of Ling Ling dressed in girl's clothes as a child?"

At the door of the study, Mother Wang cupped her chin in her hand as she pondered. Then she headed for the bedroom on the third floor.

Suddenly thinking about this matter, Mother Wang immediately decided to find the picture...

...

In the study, Lie Mengmeng breathed a sigh of relief when he heard Mother Wang's footsteps leave.

"Has she gone?"

Father Wang asked after taking off his headphones and turning his head.

"Yes... but bro... you're still behind in your chapters. Should you really be doing this?"

"It's fine, I've been in really good shape recently; I'll finish the backlog in a while. This is a rare water friends match, playing now is more important."

"If you want to play, do it honestly... but you're hiding it from sis..."

Lie Mengmeng looked guiltily at the door, somehow feeling that this was very immoral behavior.

"Men always have their little secrets. Although this Lord Island isn't a female live streamer, I did give him some of my earnings in any case, in order to become his number one fan. If your sister finds out, she'll definitely scold me for a long while."

There were many instances when Father Wang chose not to say anything to avoid causing some unnecessary misunderstandings. As for the money he had gifted to Lord Island, it was from his private stash; he handed over most of his author's earnings to Mother Wang every month. Buying gifts was a trivial matter, but if his private stash came to light, the consequences would be truly unimaginable.

"But..."

When Lie Mengmeng thought about it, he still felt that this wasn't right.

"No 'buts.' Brother Lie, you don't understand..." Father Wang sighed. "You don't have a girlfriend and you haven't settled down, so it's natural that you find it hard to understand. If you want your bro and sis to live their days peacefully, just act like you never saw this. Your sis and I have never really fought... at worst, she said she was leaving home, and then she disappeared."

Lie Mengmeng: "You didn't go look for her?"

Father Wang: "What for... every time she says she's leaving home, she hides under the sofa in the basement... she said she was afraid I wouldn't be able to find her."

Lie Mengmeng: "..."

Father Wang: "Then when I found her, we made up instantly, and she still kept asking me if I was hungry and whether she had to cook me a bowl of noodles..."

Lie Mengmeng: "..."

Father Wang hung his headphones around his neck and gazed at Lie Mengmeng, his words slightly imploring. "Apart from typing, I usually only watch live streams and play games for fun... can't you keep quiet about this?"

Lie Mengmeng sighed. "Fine, I'll keep quiet - but you have to type twenty thousand more words today."

Father Wang: "Four thousand."

Lie Mengmeng: "Twenty thousand!"

Father Wang gritted his teeth. "Eight thousand!!"

Lie Mengmeng: "Twenty thousand!! If you don't agree, I'll tell everyone you're a fan of 'Three Days And Two Sleeps'!"

"Fine, twenty thousand... you're heartless!" Father Wang's lips twitched as he looked at Lie Mengmeng.





Chapter 489 Mr Lu Meets Death Valiantly...


He was the grand Wang Situ, with countless fans. How could he let other people find out that he was actually a fan of "Three Days And Two Sleeps"?

Father Wang's writing career had been smooth so far. Once his first book entitled Let Go of That Wet Nurse was released online, the numbers had started to crush everyone else spectacularly. Even the god-level writer "Zhu Ge" on the website had been so pissed off that he had switched to another website...

In all these years, Father Wang had felt that if he really had someone fated to be his opponent in the circle... it would probably be Three Days And Two Sleeps. From content alone, Father Wang thought that this person's story was very rich and interesting. It was a pity, however, that the story was being written too slowly, and because it often stopped updating, it never entered the rankings. If the updates were resumed at a steady rate, this person would definitely be a strong opponent.

Given Father Wang's status in the circle, it wasn't too much to say that he was at the top level. He enjoyed access to various resources on the website, had comfortably substantial subscriptions, and received fan adulation. But in the end, one shouldn't be too arrogant. Lie Mengmeng thought Father Wang's mentality of staying vigilant in times of peace was pretty good.

Back when he had learned that even the renowned "Wang Situ" Father Wang was a fan of Three Days And Two Sleeps, Lie Mengmeng had been very surprised. Of course, it was only Lie Mengmeng who knew this; for Father Wang, this was something that had to remain absolutely secret. It was in fact common for writers to be mutually competitive while they tooted each other's horns at the same time. But there were also quite a number of writers like Father Wang who would secretly worship a specific individual in particular.

Father Wang turned on the voice modifier sound card as he planned to change and mask his voice slightly in the game later.

Father Wang had Lord Thunder's chat account, so he immediately knew the latter's real identity. When he saw Lord Thunder call the person with the ID "Immortal Two" Brother Dog, Father Wang almost immediately guessed that this "Immortal Two" was his family's Er Ha...

Question: What did it feel like to play PUBG with your family's own spirit beast?

Father Wang had no good answer for the time being...

At the very least, he would be a little more serious while playing the game.

If he was really killed by his spirit beast with a 98K, he would lose so much face...

Daoist Guang's custom mode had been set up and everyone entered the game one by one; it was about to start.

Father Wang was glued to the screen.

At that point, Lie Mengmeng suddenly asked, "What kind of person do you think this Three Days And Two Sleeps is?"

"Apart from not updating every now and then, he should still be a pretty good person. Isn't he a stay-at-home dad? His kid is still so young, it certainly wouldn't be easy for him to type and watch his kid at the same time." Father Wang, like most people, had seen this author neglect his work in order to play live stream games.

"I heard he's never been to an event. It would be great if I could meet him once at the annual meeting some day..."

Lie Mengmeng was silent when he heard this.

"What's the matter?"

Father Wang suddenly thought that Lie Mengmeng didn't look well.

"It's nothing..." Lie Mengmeng smiled slightly.

Three Days And Two Sleeps's real identity wasn't that of a stay-at-home dad... The person who normally live streamed games wasn't Three Days And Two Sleeps at all, but the husband of the real "Three Days And Two Sleeps"!

Yes!

That was right!

The real "Three Days And Two Sleeps"...

Was in fact a woman!

...

The game was about to start. At that moment, a figure with a noble and gentlemanly temperament stopped outside the villa entrance, and Mr Lu fixed his gaze on the villa.

The coordinates on the radar in his hand corresponded completely with the soul marker, which proved that this villa was the place he was looking for and that the green-furred dog was here.

Based on the task President Bai had assigned him, he would kill the green-furred dog first and then go see the teenage-looking expert as described by the Lady.

Mr Lu pressed his monocle, and a light instantly shot out. This was an infrared ray, and scanning the villa, he could already grasp its layout and where the people inside were. The infrared sensor told him that there were currently three people in the villa, and they were all in the basement.

Then where was the dog?

Mr Lu felt something wasn't right.

Could it be... that the dog wasn't just a second-class one?

Mr Lu frowned as he thought of a scenario that could precisely explain why Elder Han and Elder Canglan, who had been dispatched to kill this green-furred dog, hadn't been able to take it down.

There was only one truth...

That was that this green-furred dog's true realm was now at first class and it was even already capable of taking human form.

But based on the infrared sensor alone, Mr Lu couldn't be certain which of the three was the green-furred dog in human form.

How about getting rid of all three of them together?

Mr Lu looked at the time.

But then it would be too late... because he was about to get off work!

In the end, the reason why Mr Lu had thrown his lot in with President Bai was because he was being paid handsomely per hour. Mr Lu had initially timed it just right; if he was dealing solely with the green-furred dog, he would still make it. But now that there were changes to the plan and he had to kill three people, it would definitely take more time.

So Mr Lu stood at the entrance and sent President Bai a text message explaining the situation.

President Bai replied in almost a second: Then kill them all, you'll get overtime pay...

"Very well, President!"

Having obtained further instructions, Mr Lu turned off his phone.

He would do anything as long as he was paid enough overtime...

Should he break in?

Mr Lu gathered power in his fist, but very quickly he released it.

He felt that it wasn't elegant.

A villain should still be sophisticated.

Maybe he should just ring the doorbell...

The moment the door opened, he would rush in and eliminate all traces of these three people.

...

Just as Mr Lu was about to ring the doorbell, the subtle killing intent from when he had amassed power earlier in order to break down the door had drawn Wang Ling's attention in almost the same moment.

Lord Thunder took off his headphones. "Brother Ling, what's wrong?"

Killing intent...

Wang Ling turned his head and looked at the top right corner of the room, which was in the direction of the villa's main entrance.

"It's demon qi!"

Xiao Yin also stood up. As a holy beast, he had been born with an innate sensitivity to demon qi which was more acute than that of human priests!

Wang Ling looked at the game interface; it was already at the "ready" stage, and they couldn't stop at this point.

Lord Thunder looked at Xiao Yin and said, "Brother Xiao, Brother Ling and I are busy at the moment. It's time for you to step up!"

"But! This demon qi is very strong! It's at least an Itinerant Immortal! I'm afraid I can't defeat it without Master!" Xiao Yin bit his lip. In fact, he wanted to fight with Wang Ling.

"Brother Xiao, don't be scared... you've eaten a crispy noodle snack, what the hell is there to be afraid of!"





Chapter 490 The Marvelous Effect of Crispy Noodle Snacks


How did he feel after eating the crispy noodle snack?

Xiao Yin couldn't say...

He had only eaten the crispy noodle snack in his hand earlier because he had been too nervous just now, and had also forgotten to sprinkle the seasoning... Who the hell knew what it felt like?

But before he could say anything, Xiao Yin really did feel a burning power surge through him after eating this crispy noodle snack, as if there was a big ball of fire burning in his dantian !

Abundant spirit power?

No way...

Xiao Yin was stunned. Generally speaking, this was a phenomenon that only happened on the point of a breakthrough in realms. He had had this feeling one thousand years ago, when he had advanced from seventh class to sixth class! It was perhaps different from what normal human cultivators felt when they broke through, but abundant spirit power was indeed a phenomenon unique to holy beasts when they were about to break through to a higher realm.

The hell?! Had he experienced a super evolution after eating a crispy noodle snack?

Xiao Yin shook his hands and felt a strange power surge through his body, which stunned him stupid.

It turned out Er Ha really wasn't lying - crispy noodle snacks could really help him cultivate?!

Xiao Yin thought that this was unfathomable. He suddenly remembered that Er Ha had said before that this batch of crispy noodle snacks had all been personally enchanted by Master himself, and each packet was a prized collectible. The outer packaging and sachet of seasoning were different! This was clearly far grander than the cheap versions of the crispy noodle snacks sold outside!

At this time, Xiao Yin suddenly remembered how Lord Thunder had begged piteously for one crispy noodle snack packet, even selling himself without hesitation as physical labor to brush Xiao Yin's fur for him... It looked like the crispy noodle snacks Master had given him were really something!

Reflecting on how Lord Thunder had only exerted a little physical labor in return for one crispy noodle snack packet, Xiao Yin immediately felt like fainting. He now had eighteen packets left, and he had to make sure to use them well...

At that moment, feeling the spirit power roil about in his body, Xiao Yin suddenly felt a little regretful — he should have eaten the crispy noodle snack earlier!

He had already stagnated at sixth class for many years, but this crispy noodle snack had actually enabled him to directly attain spirit power abundant enough for him to almost achieve a breakthrough; this was something which Xiao Yin could never have predicted.

However, once the spirit power in his body reached the saturation point, which was the "abundant spirit power" condition which all holy beasts possessed, he would have to go into seclusion for at least three to five days in order to fully digest this spirit power.

And the key thing was that in these three to five days, he had to avoid fighting as much as possible, because battle was bound to consume spirit power, which would cause this "abundant spirit power" condition to disappear.

But it was clear that it was now too late to say anything.

Although it hurt to lose an opportunity to advance to another level, he still had eighteen crispy noodle snack packets left, so he still had another chance!

Xiao Yin comforted himself in his heart as spirit power amassed in the soles of his feet little by little...

At that moment, Lord Thunder, who had already entered the game, suddenly thought of something. With a "not good" expression on his face, he turned his head and yelled in alarm, "Brother Xiao!"

Xiao Yin: "???"

Lord Thunder: "Remember to take the stairs."

Xiao Yin: "..."

...

At the gate to the villa, Mr Lu rang the bell again. Through the monocle's infrared sensor, he saw everything that was happening inside, and that someone was headed toward him.

When he saw the figure approach the door, his hand clenched on the cane he was holding. This wasn't an ordinary cane, but a special cane-type spirit sword. While it looked like nothing more than a walking cane on the outside, it in fact contained something profound inside.

Mr Lu had purchased this cane at Jingxi International Mall's annual auction, and it had been delivered to him a few months ago from across the ocean.

This was a second-class holy weapon which cost ten million immortal gold — the Skywalker sword! Seventh in the general spirit sword rankings!

Of course, it was President Bai who had settled the bill for him, and the sword could be considered the first gift President Bai had bestowed upon him after Mr Lu had become his assistant. Originally, Mr Lu had planned to resign several months ago once his contract expired in order to return to his clan.

After all, he was part of the demon race, so remaining so long in the human world had never been part of his long-term plan. But because of this sword, Mr Lu had renewed his labor contract with President Bai for another fifty years.

Mr Lu was a sincere and sophisticated man, as could be seen from him ringing the bell.

After all these years standing by President Bai's side, he did have some feelings as an old employee.

Thus, half the reason he had renewed for another fifty years was because of the sword, and the other half was because of affection.

Mr Lu grasped the cane.

Very soon, the moment the person inside opened the door, he would force his way in with this Skywalker sword worth ten million immortal gold and then behead the other party!

The front door cracked open...

Narrowing his eyes, Mr Lu jumped lithely over the iron gate surrounding the villa and brandished the Skywalker sword as he attacked Xiao Yin.

An Itinerant Immortal was very fast, and to an ordinary person, his whole figure looked like lighting leaping up from the ground. Xiao Yin had only opened the door a little when he saw a sword light shining bright in front of him.

"No wonder the demon qi is so heavy, it really is an Itinerant Immortal!"

Xiao Yin closed his eyes and folded his arms; he had already prepared for this.

The instant Xiao Yin opened his eyes, the space around him changed, startling Mr Lu so much that he paused in his attack. He spun around in midair and took a few steps back as he realized that the scene around him had actually transformed into a desert.

"Intrinsic spirit field?" Mr Lu paled.

He hadn't expected the silver-haired young man in front of him to be so powerful. Only someone who was at the very least a True Immortal would have this ability.

However, Xiao Yin's current strength wasn't at True Immortal level.

The reason why he could cast an intrinsic spirit field was in fact similar to Fang Xing.

Fang Xing had inherited his intrinsic spirit field from his biological father Immortal She Pi, and Xiao Yin's intrinsic spirit field was also handed down.

However, Xiao Yin was more proficient at casting the intrinsic spirit field than Fang Xing. After thousands of years of practice, he could release his intrinsic spirit field almost instantaneously.

"Are you the owner of that green-furred dog, or a friend? Or are you the green-furred dog transformed?" Mr Lu asked Xiao Yin as he pointed the tip of his sword at him.

Xiao Yin cocked his head. "???"

Was this person looking for Er Ha?

Hearing this question, Xiao Yin's reaction was swift.

He remembered that Er Ha had apparently mentioned before that there were people hunting it down after the Demon Hunters Association had been exposed. But the other party must have gotten something wrong - they kept assuming that he was Er Ha in human form, so whenever anyone came looking for trouble, it fell on him!

Xiao Yin immediately felt some despair.

No matter to what extent a green-furred dog could transform, it was impossible for it to become a silver-haired Adonis like him!

Were the members from this organization called "Demon Hunters Association" all colorblind?





Chapter 491 The Three Great Families of Passive Kings


No matter what kind of misunderstanding it was, trouble had now fallen on his head, and the first thing he had to do was deal with it.

Additionally, Master was also in the house, so Xiao Yin had to perform well... he absolutely couldn't allow this person to interrupt his Master while he was playing the game.

Xiao Yin took a deep breath and tried to calm down.

Thinking carefully, this could be considered his first real fight after Master had brought him into human society once the battle with Immortal Mansion was over. Xiao Yin had even forgotten the names of the fellow brothers sent by the Demon Hunters Association because they had been way too weak so he hadn't paid any attention to them at all.

He thought this old gentleman in front of him wearing a suit and who looked like an aristocrat had good enough fighting strength, but he couldn't determine the other party's overall battle abilities when they had yet to actually start fighting. Thus, Xiao Yin wouldn't release his beast mode so easily unless he absolutely had to.

He had fifty percent more fighting strength in beast mode than in his current human form.

But even so, Xiao Yin still remembered back then in Immortal Mansion how Master had slapped him so hard even his own mother wouldn't have been able to recognize him...

Xiao Yin's body trembled involuntarily at this thought.

After his feelings had calmed down, he looked at Mr Lu in front of him and asked, "Are you from the Demon Hunters Association?" Although he had guessed this person's identity, Xiao Yin asked the other party a token question for the sake of confirmation; the answer shouldn't be too different from his conjecture.

Given that he had been engaged in the illegal spirit beast trade for many years, Mr Lu carried the scent of spirit beast blood on him which regular cultivators wouldn't be able to smell. But as a holy beast who was on a higher level than spirit beasts, Xiao Yin was very sensitive to it.

The strong smell of blood combined with the strong demon qi on the man really made Xiao Yin feel a little nauseated.

He wondered what kind of monster this person was...

"Since you know I'm a member of the Demon Hunters Association, you must be the green-furred dog transformed." Mr Lu pointed the Skywalker sword in his hand at Xiao Yin. "My last name is Lu. Under orders from the president of the Demon Hunters Association, I have expressly come to kill you."

Mr Lu stared at the silver-haired young man in front of him, frowning slightly. He had the vague sense that something didn't seem right, but he couldn't tell where the feeling was coming from.

Think about it: a green-furred dog whose level they had gotten wrong - even if it had reached first class and could transform into a human being... wasn't it a little abnormal for it to be able to release an "intrinsic spirit field" instantly?

But now that the fight was at hand, saying anything more was useless...

He had to get rid of the young man in front of him first. If it really was the green-furred dog, it would turn back into its original form the instant its spirit energy was snuffed out.

Even if his spirit energy was inhibited by the intrinsic spirit field, Mr Lu had absolute confidence in himself.

A tree goblin required very little spirit energy; as long as it had light, it had nourishment...

While Mr Lu didn't have an ability like the intrinsic spirit field, he was especially confident in his endurance.

Combined with his unyielding "Spell of Creation and Rebirth"... theoretically, as long as there was light - any light would do! - one second of light would extend his life for one hour!

...

"This little brother, I am sorry to tell you that the intrinsic spirit field's restriction on spirit energy doesn't work on me at all."

Saying this, Mr Lu chuckled. Now that the real fight was about to begin, there was no killing intent coming off him, and from beginning to end, he had a mysterious smile on his face.

Then Xiao Yin suddenly felt his feet tied tightly down, as if something had wrapped itself around his ankles and was pulling him into the ground.

Heh, trapped!

Seeing this, Mr Lu sneered.

He hadn't expected this silver-haired young man's intrinsic spirit field to actually be a desert. In a place like this, he had plenty of tricks up his sleeve.

For example, he could subtly grow vines from his heels to travel silently through the sand and grab the other party and control them, like now.

This move was called the Fulisha 1 ...

1(The 'fuli' 缚力 here means 'binding force,' but 'fulisha' is a homonym of the Chinese transliteration of the name Frieza, who is a villain in the "Dragonball" series, and the joke will become apparent later.) "Shit... you're from a family of Passive Kings..."

Xiao Yin was stunned. He didn't think the person in front of him would actually be a tree goblin from one of the three great families of Passive Kings.

What were the families of Passive Kings?

They weren't holy beasts, but they were clans with long lifespans.

Among holy beasts and demon beasts, there were currently three families that had been recognized as Passive Kings: one was the Toad clan, one was the Turtle clan, and the last was the Tree clan.

These three great clans shared common traits, which were that they were extremely tough, had advanced defensive abilities, and were full of vitality.

It was hard to kill them through normal means.

This had already been proven when Er Ha had still been a Tuntian Ha.

Not only had it been able to survive back then, Teacher Pan had also forcibly performed a fusion and turned it into a spirit dog; you could say that chance and fate had had some hand in this.

Xiao Yin was stunned; one reason for it was that he realized that the elder in front of him was a humanoid tree demon, which had the strongest self-healing ability among the three families of Passive Kings. Moreover, they had plenty of skills at hand, and it was generally very difficult to get away when you fell into their trap.

Secondly...

Xiao Yin found that he just needed to lift his feet slightly, and the vines wrapped around them all broke off! As soft as noodles!

What was going on here?

Xiao Yin was dazed.

It wasn't just him; on the other side, Mr Lu couldn't help frowning after he saw this scene as he muttered about how impossible it was.

"Fulisha!" He grit his teeth and sent another wave of twisting vines out.

Once again, they snapped off when Xiao Yin lifted his feet...

Mr Lu's lips twitched as he continued to gnash his teeth. "Gold Fulisha!"

Xiao Yin lifted his feet...

Broken off again...

"Diamond Fulisha 2 !"

2(In 'Dragonball," Frieza has Gold and Diamond evolved forms..) And then...

Xiao Yin proceeded to lift his feet...

The vines proceeded to break off...

After four rounds, Mr Lu put his hands on his knees as he gasped for breath and secretly whispered "what the fuck" to himself.

The other party lifted his feet more effortlessly than sweeping orange peels!

Using this skill in succession drained Mr Lu to some extent, but the spirit energy consumed was very quickly replenished through the power of light.

"This person... is a little difficult to deal with..." This was the conclusion Mr Lu had come to in his heart after four rounds.

On the other side, Xiao Yin had also realized something after four rounds.

When he had eaten the crispy noodle snack previously, he had felt an unusual power take hold of his body. And when he had been restrained earlier, it was this unusual power that had discharged a stream of air which had caused the vines to disintegrate!

He was now one hundred percent sure that with the support of this unusual power... he was immune to restraints!





Chapter 492 Wang Ling's Primordial Qi


In fact, one hundred percent immunity to restraints was just one of the effects of eating the crispy noodle snack. The unusual power that had taken hold of his body was none other than Wang Ling's primordial qi.

All negative situations immediately crumbled before Wang Ling's primordial qi. It wasn't just simple and crude containment techniques, even poison attacks had no effect on Xiao Yin now.

What was more, Wang Ling's primordial qi wasn't limited to defense only. Even a normal attack could be boosted; with the support of the primordial qi, spirit techniques and the casting of spells would double in power.

Primordial qi was a unique matter which Wang Ling's body had started to produce autonomously when he was a kid. This primordial qi was in fact what the "Anti-Wang Ling Matter" contained in the Dao talisman seal on Wang Ling was suppressing.

The reason why the slap Wang Ling had given Evil Sword God back then had felt so painful was actually an effect of this primordial qi. Because of the Dao talisman seal, however, the primordial qi in Wang Ling's body was currently in the normal range; if it wasn't controlled, its concentration would definitely exceed the norm.

During the battle with Evil Sword God, if Wang Ling had slapped him at full strength...

Evil Sword God would probably have been annihilated without a trace on the spot...

And Xiao Yin was well aware of this point.

He didn't know that this power was Wang Ling's primordial qi, but he could feel that he had become stronger in all aspects.

Xiao Yin now finally understood that "abundant spirit energy" was merely a small bonus from eating the enchanted crispy noodle snack - it was this extraordinary power which had taken hold of his body that was the real key!

But while Xiao Yin had become stronger, his aura hadn't changed.

This was the most mystical thing about the primordial qi - it was like the existence of an invisible cheat!

...

His consecutive failed attempts at containment made Mr Lu frown tightly. He had long reached the height of proficiency in these binding spells; they were most suited for use in this terrain in particular. They had never once failed him in the thousands of years that he'd used them.

A typical demon beast might have gotten flustered when things didn't go as planned, especially during the tense atmosphere of a fight.

But Mr Lu was in the end Mr Lu...

Members of the Tree clan, whether they were spirit trees or demon trees, all shared one major trait, and that was a steady composure.

They would think carefully and rarely get flustered.

Although he was aware that the silver-haired young man in front of him was hard to deal with, Mr Lu was still very self-confident.

"Void sword qi!!" He injected magic into the spirit sword in his hand.

Xiao Yin immediately saw colored glaze sword qi pour forth from the tip of the sword, gradually covering its entire length before the sword vanished as if it had evaporated.

Each sword had its own special attribute, like Evil Sword God's Heaven-Cleaving sword, which represented the devastating power of primal chaos.

Lord Thunder's Brilliant Victory sword represented the height of defensive and warding abilities.

And the Skywalker sword that was now in Mr Lu's hand represented the ultimate void.

Once the void sword qi was mobilized, the sword would directly dissolve in the air to launch a surprise attack as instructed; there was an abundant sense of the "intangible heart sword" in it, which was the highest realm of Sword Dao. But the real "intangible heart sword" was far, far more powerful than the Skywalker sword, and could almost cause devastating destruction.

The Skywalker sword's void sword qi, in the end, could only grasp the form and not the soul of the "intangible heart sword."

But even so, the Skywalker sword ranked quite high on the list of swords.

On the general spirit swords ranking list, while almost all of the top ten swords were first-class holy weapons, the Skywalker sword was the only one at second class.

These days, Xiao Yin had been bored staying at home all day, so he had casually surfed the Internet for information on the weapons which human cultivators used.

He hadn't expected Mr Lu's spirit sword to actually be a famous one.

To be honest, Xiao Yin really wouldn't have been able to tell that it was the "Skywalker sword" if not for Mr Lu's display of "void sword qi."

Xiao Yin somehow felt that there was something wrong with this sword; it didn't really look like the "picture of actual product" that he had seen on the swords ranking list...

When had the Skywalker sword become a cane sword?

Xiao Yin felt it was a little strange, but it wouldn't be nice for him to ask. After all, there were a lot of extremely bored cultivators nowadays who enjoyed buying expensive, well-known swords and modifying them according to their tastes.

If this sword's outer appearance had been modified, Xiao Yin didn't think it was strange.

The two individuals eyed each other in the intrinsic spirit field for a while, and made up their minds respectively.

Mr Lu decided to adopt a "war of attrition" strategy, and use his superior regeneration and toughness in concert with the Skywalker sword to fight Xiao Yin to the end.

Of course, Xiao Yin wasn't a fool.

The Tree clan's ability to regenerate was well-known. Xiao Yin's plan was a blitzkrieg strategy; he had to deal a single strike so heavy that the other part couldn't recover from it.

...

After eyeing each other for several seconds, a cold, colored glaze sword tip coalesced in the air and almost pierced Xiao Yin in the cheek.

Xiao Yin quickly sidestepped and avoided the attack.

The Skywalker sword that had instantly appeared out of thin air cut off several silver strands of Xiao Yin's hair.

This was a very tricky angle; Xiao Yin felt that if his six senses hadn't been enhanced by the primordial qi, this attack would have severely crippled him!

Having said that, Xiao Yin thought that this attack by Mr Lu was a little strange.

Theoretically speaking, the other party was determined to pick a fight with him, so it would make sense if he wasn't lenient in his attack. But while the sword was indeed very fast and could catch a person off guard, judging from the force of the sword qi that the Skywalker sword had released just now, Xiao Yin somehow felt that it wasn't as powerful as he had imagined...

"Good friend, there seems to be something wrong with your sword..." Xiao Yin expressed his doubts.

Instead of a reply to his well-meaning words, however, what Xiao Yin got was Mr Lu's next attack. "I bought this Skywalker sword from Jingxi Mall for ten million immortal gold! There's absolutely nothing wrong with it..."

Why won't you believe me...

Xiao Yin sighed. He didn't put up a defense, but instead starting whirling his fist. The ground beneath his feet trembled, and then like a cannon being fired, he shot forward at Mr Lu.

Mr Lu hadn't expected the other party's attack to actually be this simple and crude...

He hurriedly summoned the Skywalker sword out of thin air to block Xiao Yin.

He recited a spell, and soon Xiao Yin sensed a sword hurtling at him from up ahead.

But this time, Xiao Yin chose to meet it head on as his fist collided with the tip of the Skywalker sword.

"Heh, it's useless!" When Mr Lu saw this scene, he couldn't help sneering.

However, the result was contrary to his expectations...

The sword and fist collided with a sharp, ringing sound.

In midair, this Skywalker sword... was directly destroyed by Xiao Yin's punch...





Chapter 493 Heartbroken Mr Lu


Mr Lu hadn't expected his Skywalker sword to be so thoroughly destroyed...

This was a second-class holy weapon!

Why had a second-class holy weapon turned into a ball of slag after colliding with a physical fist?

Gazing at this scene, Mr Lu froze the instant the Skywalker sword shattered. When he came back to his senses, Xiao Yin's fist was already glued to his face...

Mr Lu's face and Xiao Yin's fist came into intimate contact without the slightest gap between them... and his entire body was sent flying by this single attack.

His face completely caved in.

This punch was like hitting a thick and solid tree trunk, and it left a deep impression of a fist in his face.

"So weak..."

Staring at Mr Lu who had been sent flying by his fist, sweat suddenly ran down Xiao Yin's face as he blurted out the words almost subconsciously.

The Tree clan wasn't very lethal to begin with. They only had superior toughness and a formidable regenerative ability. Additionally, the spells they used mostly had to do with containment.

Spirit beasts and demon beasts had their own attributes, and it was the same for holy beasts.

As a representative of the Silver Unicorn clan, Xiao Yin's role was that of a Tank Berserker; they weren't just capable of fighting and carrying a battle, they were also absolute strength-type warriors. If a holy war erupted, the silver unicorns would be at the very front of the line... what a pity that in the end, a holy war had never happened back then.

Starting a holy war was a very complicated process which required holy beast representatives to convene together at a general assembly where clan leaders participated in a vote which would decide the outcome.

Xiao Yin remembered when the first holy beast general assembly had convened back then; it had been the largest number of holy beast representatives to come together. As a junior from the younger generation, Xiao Yin had been permitted to sit in the back during the assembly.

At the first holy beast general assembly, representatives from all the clans had engaged in heated discussion on the recent chatter among human cultivators and the capture of holy beasts. Some representatives had proposed launching a holy war; unfortunately, since this incident hadn't had much of an impact, the holy beasts from the other clans hadn't sensed how serious the problem was.

And so the first proposal for a holy war fell through.

Then came the second general assembly.

Dog Saint, as the representative of the Dog clan, had brought up the idea of a holy war again, demanding that all holy beasts unite to stand in opposition against those human cultivators who mercilessly hunted holy beasts.

Unfortunately, this proposal hadn't passed, either...

Xiao Yin had sat in the back at every holy beast assembly, so his memory of the proceedings was very vivid.

He clearly remembered that when the third holy beast general assembly had been held, the number of holy beast representatives from the different clans had already declined by half.

It was said that those who hadn't shown up had been eaten...

And spectacularly, Dog Saint was on that list...

Xiao Yin remembered how detached his expression already had been back then - he remembered that he hadn't spoken for a very long time; after all, he had witnessed Dog Saint being turned into hot pot stew...

At that holy beast general assembly, the holy beast representatives finally realized how serious the problem was when they saw how their numbers had been halved.

But given how violent and crazed the humans were, the representatives had felt that it was ill-advised to start a holy war at that time since it would mean putting everything on the line; in the end, the holy beasts could all be completely wiped out. Back then, they had suggested sending a holy beast ambassador to negotiate with the human cultivators, clarify the rumor that eating holy beasts could boost realms, and sign a nonaggression treaty with them.

Then Xiao Yin remembered...

The holy beast ambassador that had been sent that year never returned.

And then... there was no "and then"...

Because there had been no holy beast representatives at the fourth holy beast general assembly.

The assembly never convened again after that...

...

While analyzing the traits of his Silver Unicorn clan in a split second during this battle, Xiao Yin recalled events to do with the holy beast general assembly, and felt both frustrated and sorrowful.

Therefore, as the last remaining physical Tank Berserker of the Silver Unicorn clan, Xiao Yin could be said to already hold an overwhelming advantage from the very beginning in terms of combat power.

But even so, he felt that it was still a bit of an exaggeration for him to destroy a second-class holy weapon with one blow... Furthermore, he hadn't used all of his strength at all!

When he saw his Skywalker sword destroyed, Mr Lu became distracted during the battle and suffered a punch from Xiao Yin head on. He hit the ground in the distance, a burning pain in his face.

"Spell of... Creation and Rebirth!" Mr Lu roared in his heart, and a green light poured out of the injury on his face. But this light only fixed the depression in his face, while the wound wasn't the least bit healed; even the swelling hadn't gone down.

"How can this be?!"

Mr Lu's face was full of shock. His Spell of Creation and Rebirth actually wasn't working?

Not far away, Xiao Yin brushed the sawdust off his fist and went over to Mr Lu. He crouched down, looked at this badly battered Mr Lu, and couldn't help sighing. "It's useless... I smeared a layer of my saliva on my fist earlier; it's especially effective against spells."

Mr Lu: "..." What kind of operation was this?

Actually, Xiao Yin was worried about Mr Lu's feelings, so he had told him it was saliva when in fact it wasn't.

Instead, it was Xiao Yin's phlegm...

Apart from dissolving corpses, his phlegm had a lot of different "magical effects."

"Even if that's the case, you shouldn't be able to destroy my Skywalker sword with just one punch!" Mr Lu's heart ached and his eyes instantly turned red like a pitiful old man.

Tree goblins were originally creatures with tough bodies... and fragile hearts. Xiao Yin stared at this old man who looked like he was about to cry, and for the moment didn't have the heart to kill him.

Because this Mr Lu was indeed really pitiful.

Xiao Yin curled his fingers to catch some fragments of the Skywalker sword before he weighed them in his hand.

Sure enough...

It was as he had expected.

There was something fishy about this Skywalker sword.

Even when a genuine second-class holy weapon was reduced to chips, the texture shouldn't feel this poor.

So this "Skywalker sword" was a genuine fake.

...

"You've been duped... this isn't the Skywalker sword at all." Xiao Yin pursed his lips and didn't know how to open his mouth because he could already hear Mr Lu sobbing.

"Impossible! That's impossible! Our president spent ten million immortal gold bars to buy this for me! It's impossible for Jingxi International Mall to stock fake goods!" Unconvinced, Mr Lu took his phone out of his pocket and even showed Xiao Yin a screenshot of the electronic purchase.

The "picture of actual object" above it did indeed look the same as the one in Xiao Yin's memory.

Xiao Yin stared at the picture with his chin in his hand and thought it was very strange. "But why is yours a cane sword?"

"The seller said that he modified the Skywalker sword!" After saying that, Mr Lu provided a second screenshot. This time, the picture in it was of Mr Lu's cane sword.

Then, in front of Mr Lu, Xiao Yin used the product search function to browse the online mall, and in the end discovered a lot of the exact same version of that cane sword.

Furthermore, the name of this cane sword was actually quite similar to the Skywalker sword...

The full name of this cane sword was: Gentle Walker sword 1 ...

1(The Chinese character for 夭 'gentle' looks almost the same as 天 'sky .. ')





Chapter 494 Mr Lu, Tenacious at Staying Alive


Because Mr Lu had planned to tender his resignation back then, President Bai had decided to present him a gift before that and make use of their relationship to persuade him to stay.

The Tree clan were relatively simple creatures to begin with, and as reality proved, President Bai's plan to get Mr Lu to stay was a success.

However, this was the start of President Bai's deception...

This "Gentle Walker sword" was indeed what Mr Lu had taken a fancy to back then, and he had sent all the detailed information on this spirit sword to President Bai.

But the most suspicious thing about this entire matter was that it was impossible for the human President Bai to be unable to tell the difference between "yao" and "tian." Furthermore, Xiao Yin felt that the grand expenditure of ten million immortal gold to directly purchase the sword was probably something that President Bai had already arranged in advance.

No one would be so stupid as to spend ten million immortal gold bars on just a ninth-class holy weapon. It was also very likely that the international store had been opened by President Bai himself.

So this was a transaction in which he had taken money out of his left pocket and put it in his right one to begin with.

Opening the store hadn't cost President Bai much, not when it meant he could keep such a powerful assistant from the Tree clan by his side - it was a transaction with guaranteed returns.

There was only one truth...

Xiao Yin stood up, a red bow in his hand 1 . "If my deduction is correct, this is the truth of the matter!"

1(A nod to the series "Detective Conan.") At present, Xiao Yin didn't have any substantial proof.

But when Mr Lu followed Xiao Yin's analysis carefully, a lot of things did indeed seem suspicious.

For example, he had realized previously that this fake Skywalker sword didn't have a sword spirit.

How could a sword ranked seventh on the list of spirit swords not have a sword spirit?

But Mr Bai had explained to him that it was precisely because the Skywalker sword was ranked seventh that the process for summoning its sword spirit was more complicated than for an ordinary sword... Mr Lu hadn't had this sword long, so he needed to use it for a period of time until their rapport reached a certain degree before the spirit sword could be summoned.

This was what Mr Bai had said, and simple Mr Lu had believed it without a second thought.

But now that he had calmed down and thought about it, Mr Lu indeed thought that this was all just bullshit!

"My god! I was tricked... what a cunning human!"

Finally realizing that he had been duped, the tears that filled Mr Lu's eyes flowed uncontrollably down his cheeks.

As a grand "forest fairy" of the Tree clan who was on the verge of succeeding as a demon god, he had never ever thought that he would actually be tricked to this degree... If word of this incident got out, how would he have the face to face his clan ancestors and the people back home?

"How long have you been in the human world?" Xiao Yin couldn't help asking.

"It's already been... two hundred years..." said Mr Lu, wiping at his tears.

"In the past two hundred years, didn't you properly study Huaxiu's language?"

"No... what I took were all crash courses..."

No wonder!

Xiao Yin couldn't help sighing on the spot when he heard this. "Human culture is broad and profound. Huaxiu's culture alone requires a long period of study. Crash courses are useless; you still have to study the foundation of the culture. Actually, I also haven't been here long."

Mr Lu was startled. "Exalted immortal, you're also not human?"

"...When the time is right, you'll know who I am."

Xiao Yin's lips twitched; these words sounded a little strange, though there didn't seem to be anything wrong with them. He pointed back at the villa. "My master is still inside."

Master...

Mr Lu's eyes widened; he remembered that this word meant "owner."

He had already seen and acknowledged Xiao Yin's strength, and one of the two people inside whom he had yet to meet was actually this silver-haired young man's owner? How strong was his master...

Mr Lu had now already completely lost the desire to fight.

Xiao Yin snapped his fingers and undid the intrinsic spirit field.

Mr Lu knelt down, head to the ground. "Exalted immortal! My wretched self was deeply tricked and came here on orders. I am willing to become a witness to expose President Bai's repulsive conduct!"

"...I can't make this decision. It's still better for you to talk to my master!"

Xiao Yin pursed his lips. "I'll spare your life for now! You've been in the human world for two hundred years, but haven't carefully studied Huaxiu's culture; it's clear that you suffer from a lack of culture! Nowadays, if you don't study properly, you can't even use the name of the noodles when you eat them..."

"What... what noodles?"

"Shit noodles 2 !"

2(Biangbiang noodles is a noodle dish popular in China's Shaanxi province. The character for 'biang' is notoriously difficult to write; the substitute character used here in 便便面 'bianbian noodles' can mean to piss or shit.) "..."

...

Elsewhere, the water friends match organized by Daoist Guang had officially started, and everyone was about to parachute down at that moment. Lord Thunder took off his headphones because he had felt both Xiao Yin's and the intruder's auras disappear. He immediately guessed that Xiao Yin had discharged his intrinsic spirit field and moved the battle site.

The intruder had been harboring a lot of murderous intent. Although it had just been a flash, Lord Thunder knew that this person's origin wasn't simple; his strength wasn't ordinary, and it was likely to be almost at Itinerant Immortal level. The man gave Lord Thunder the same sense of oppression that Cheng Yu, the Master of Immortal Mansion, had back then.

He felt that this person might not be easy to deal with...

However, at that moment, the auras of both individuals suddenly reappeared!

It was just that the intruder's aura had become extremely weak...

Then, Xiao Yin jumped down directly from the first floor through the hole he had punched open, holding up a badly battered Mr Lu like a chicken. He threw Mr Lu behind Lord Thunder and Wang Ling.

He clapped his hands. "I settled it!"

"The hell? So fast?"

Lord Thunder was indescribably stunned.

Xiao Yin gave a thumbs-up and couldn't help giving his praise. "Master's crispy noodle snack is too awesome!"

At that moment, Lord Thunder noticed that the badly battered Mr Lu was actually sobbing quietly like a lovelorn girl.

Lord Thunder: "What's wrong with him?"

Xiao Yin sighed. "Yet another typical case of a broken heart from being swindled through online shopping."

Lord Thunder: "..."

Mr Lu knelt on the ground and kowtowed to Wang Ling, who was playing the game, and Lord Thunder. "Exalted gods! I was blind as a bat! I am willing to expose President Bai!"

"..."

Wang Ling was looking at the game map with a calm face. He was completely focused on the game and paid no attention to anything else as he wondered where would be the best place for him to land...

Lord Thunder also put his headphones on again. He knew that when Wang Ling was concentrating, he wouldn't pay attention to anything else. The most important thing to him right now was the game. So it was no use talking about Mr Lu's matter now; everything had to wait until the game was over.

When Mr Lu saw Wang Ling and Lord Thunder ignore him, he suddenly felt nervous. "Exalted gods! Every word I say is true! Please forgive me, great immortals!

"Exalted gods, I was wrong! I was really wrong!

"Exalted gods, I..."

At this moment, blue veins popped on Wang Ling's forehead and he took out a mousepad and threw it at Mr Lu's face.

It was too fast, and done almost all in one breath.

Before Mr Lu could react, the mousepad hit him.

Wang Ling had just randomly thrown it, but Mr Lu was sent flying along with the mousepad to smash into the basement wall. While he didn't go through the wall, he did crack it...

"..." Lord Thunder heard the noise behind him. Even without turning around, he could already imagine the mess behind him... He was going to have to pay for renovation works once again...

Xiao Yin broke into a sweat; he had forgotten to tell Mr Lu that it was better not to disturb his master when was playing games!

Looking at Mr Lu, who was embedded in the wall, Xiao Yin called out his name softly. "Mr Lu? Are you... still alive?"

Mr Lu fell to the floor with a swollen face and gave Xiao Yin a thumbs-up...

He had survived; like Demon Tyrant Scholar 3 , he was tenacious in staying alive...

3(One of the aliases of Song Shuhang, the protagonist of the xuanhuan novel "Cultivation Chat Group .. ")





Chapter 495 The Big Shot You're Looking For is Sitting There


This mousepad struck Mr Lu's face, the throw almost killing him on the spot... It was a good thing Wang Ling had just thrown it carelessly and hadn't exerted his full strength.

Mr Lu had never met Wang Ling before, and had absolutely no idea how strong the "master" that the silver-haired young man had mentioned was. However, after Wang Ling's throw, Mr Lu could now be considered thoroughly enlightened. It was very obvious that the teenager who was currently playing a game was an absolute senior big shot.

A mousepad had almost directly sent him to hell; who knew what terrible things could happen if this senior truly got angry...

Xiao Yin looked at Mr Lu, who was lying on the ground and twitching slightly. Mr Lu's Spell of Creation and Rebirth was still being inhibited by Xiao Yin's thick phlegm. His wound wasn't irreparable, it was just healing at a snail's pace, so it looked like a "serious injury."

When Mr Lu looked up, his face was covered in green tree blood. It was clear that Wang Ling hadn't thrown the mousepad lightly just now; the swelling on his face was even bigger than before, and looked like a severe internal injury.

If it hadn't been for Xiao Yin's phlegm, Mr Lu would have recovered easily. Xiao Yin counted on his fingers. From this point, it would still be another twenty minutes before the inhibitory effect of his phlegm disappeared.

Xiao Yin began to worry about Mr Lu's condition. "I say, are you really alright?"

"I... have broken ribs... But I can... just about endure it..." Mr Lu struggled to speak as he lay face down on the floor and made the OK sign with his hand.

This level of injury was already his limit. If Wang Ling hit him again before he was fully recovered, Mr Lu was certain he would die.

Xiao Yin comforted him quietly. "You managed to survive a blow from Master, so you're actually quite tough... given your current state, it's better for you not to move. Once my phlegm... ah, no, I mean my saliva - once the effect of my saliva wears off, you can use your Spell of Creation and Rebirth."

"..." Lying on his stomach, Mr Lu looked heartbroken.

Whether it was phlegm or saliva, it was in fact no longer important...

Xiao Yin crouched down beside Mr Lu and couldn't help asking, "You said before that you came here to kill the green-furred dog?"

Mr Lu nodded. "That's right... I had two assignments in total today; killing the green-furred dog was one of them. But it seems I got it wrong."

"You didn't."

At a loss for words, Xiao Yin pointed at Wang Ling. "My master is also the owner of that green-furred dog."

Mr Lu: "..."

Xiao Yin had just been asking randomly, but he realized that he had asked something interesting.

"Just now, you said you had a second assignment?"

At this point, Mr Lu had already decided to switch sides, and he didn't plan to hide anything at all - he had to send that swindler President Bai to jail!

"President Bai gave me the first assignment. The second assignment is from the intelligence organization working with President Bai, called Mo Immortal Castle."

"Mo Immortal Castle?" This name stunned Xiao Yin; he vaguely remembered hearing Lord Thunder talk about this organization.

"What did they want you to do?"

"They said that there's an expert, who looks like a teenager, that has been opposing them all this time. Thus, they negotiated with President Bai to send me to test this expert's skill," Mr Lu explained in detail. "According to the information provided by Mo Immortal Castle, that expert lives in a villa on East Huang Road."

A villa on East Huang Road...

Xiao Yin was dumbstruck once again.

East Huang Road was very long, and if Mr Lu had mentioned just the road itself, Xiao Yin would have thought nothing of it. But speaking of a villa on East Huang Road, he reacted almost immediately.

A villa in such a remote place... what other family could it be...

Speaking up to this point, Mr Lu laughed mockingly as he lay face down on the floor. "I can barely walk in my current state, it's definitely impossible for me to go pick a fight with that young-looking expert..."

Xiao Yin's lips twitched and he couldn't help dropping his forehead into his hand as he looked at Mr Lu. "Actually... I know the young-looking senior expert you're talking about..."

"You know him? Who is he?" Mr Lu asked incredulously.

Xiao Yin pointed at Wang Ling once again. "It's the person who hit you with a mousepad just now..."

"..."

Mr Lu already couldn't help swearing in his heart.

...

At that moment, the water friends match which Daoist Guang had organized had already officially started.

There were a lot of people gathered in the live stream room. The wave of activity generated by this custom water friends match directly led to yet another surge in popularity for Daoist Guang; the number of people watching the live stream had already reached five million.

Daoist Guang had achieved this number after live streaming for just a few hours two days ago. Some people even predicted in the bullet messages that Daoist Guang's live stream numbers today might directly break ten million...

What was the concept of ten million?

If Daoist Guang really achieved this number, he would directly make history as the fastest live streamer to hit ten million viewers on the cultivation live stream platform.

"Daoist Guang is pretty awesome." Lord Thunder took a look at the audience numbers and tsked in his heart. He recalled when he had first set up the cultivation forum back then; it had taken him several years of operation before the number of daily active users on the forum hit a stable ten million. In a little over a week, Daoist Guang had broken five million while today, it might very well break ten million...

In addition, based on the current rate of advancement and level of user activity on the cultivation live streaming platform, it was possible that Daoist Guang's live stream viewers might in fact surpass one hundred million in the future.

Daoist Guang had always said that he wanted to study how to make figurines. After turning his audience into his believers, he would have them put his figurines up in their homes and burn incense to the figurines whenever they were free...

The bullet messages in the live stream room were unusually lively. Daoist Guang had already landed, a rifle in his hand. He was looking around for a katana as he walked along, and Lord Thunder could hear him say, "Ladies and gentlemen, please rest assured. If I find a katana, I'll throw this lousy gun away immediately. You can now place your bets and see how many water friends I can kill today."

The live stream lagged a little, so Daoist Guang in fact didn't need to worry that some of the water friends taking part in the match would be watching the live stream with a secret plan.

The bet was already open, but now wasn't the time for Lord Thunder to place his wager; he and Wang Ling were still drifting in the air while on the other side, Daoist Guang had already picked up some basic equipment.

Wang Ling had chosen a very strange angle, and they touched down at a distant military base on the map; players called this place an "airfield."

Actually, they had landed a little late.

Upon landing, Wang Ling noticed that there was already a kill notification in the top right corner of the public screen.

Player "TTXS" has used "UZI" to killed player "CHENsongBAI"...

TTXS...

The ID made Wang Ling's lips twitch despite himself.

DAY DAY GO UP 1 ?

1(TTXS is an acronym of the pinyin for 天天向上 "Tian Tian Xiang Shang,' which literally translates to "day day go up." The full phrase "good good study, day day up" is a deliberate literal mistranslation of the classic saying "study diligently and make progress daily..") Who was this guy...





Chapter 496 Anti-Cheat Punishment Software


Wang Ling felt that there weren't likely to be many people who shared the same way of thinking as him, and this TTXS gave him a very familiar feeling.

If only he could sense the other party's aura...

Wang Ling mused in his heart. Just like Daoist Guang had said, spells didn't work in a digital game like this, except for the auxiliary spells which could enhance the six senses. Aural perception or the Heavenly Eye were of no use... A lot of cultivators liked to open their Heavenly Eye during a fight to avoid illusions since it could be used to strip away what was fake and leave what was real behind. But if you really ran into a Voldemort in a ghillie suit lying in the grass, the Heavenly Eye wouldn't be of any use at all.

The first reason was that it was real data.

The second reason was that Voldemorts really knew how to lay low...

The only thing Wang Ling could do was use some minor spells like Daoist Guang had to enhance his hearing and sight. Casting a spell on himself technically wasn't a cheat; it could be considered a strategic "physical, external cheat," just like how some players liked to rig a focal lens in front of the computer to create a magnified effect.

But in a light-hearted contest like a water friends match, Wang Ling knew that there would definitely be cheaters, and more than just one of them.

That was when how good the software you bought mattered.

When Lord Thunder and Wang Ling landed, the total number of people on the screen had already dropped to eighty.

It hadn't even been three minutes since the start of the game.

One player with the ID SNAKE had already appeared in a stream of kill notifications; furthermore, almost all of his kills had been headshots.

"Brother Ling, someone's using cheats... what should we do?"

Lord Thunder looked at the screen and his lips twitched. He didn't need to read the bullet messages to know that everyone was definitely already swearing.

"Fuck! Still want to use cheats in this type of match! Everyone just wants to play with Lord Island, so rotten!"

"Lord Island, please check this ID and don't let him take part in the water friends match next time..."

"I'm guessing this person is probably a fan of another live streamer and deliberately came over here to cause trouble!"

The water friends whom this SNAKE had killed at the beginning of the game rushed to the live stream room one after another and sent their complaints in bullet messages to Lord Island.

Wang Ling didn't pay too much attention to them. When they landed, Lord Thunder followed Wang Ling into a building to pick up some things. They only searched one floor, but managed to pick up bulletproof vests, helmets, rifles and x scopes... When they reached the second floor, they opened the door to one room and immediately found First Aid Kits, painkillers and energy drinks...

After a two-minute search of the building, Wang Ling and Lord Thunder were fully equipped just like that, with level three outfits, a sniper rifle and a rifle each, frying pans that hung behind them, and knapsacks full of ammunition and heal items.

Why were they so lucky today?

Lord Thunder was stunned. "..."

When he had played solo in the past, he had had to plunder several buildings one after another before finding what he wanted. The biggest headache was that there were a lot of times when he couldn't find a backpack, so even if he did find something, he couldn't pick it up!

The truth was that this had to do with the ongoing effect of the Great Fortune Spell that Wang Ling had cast previously.

Of course, this effect would vanish today.

This was why Wang Ling thought that games were really boring...

In this game, the majority of players delighted in focusing on looking for supplies and accessories, and then wiping out other players after that.

But for Wang Ling, as long as the Great Fortune Spell was in effect, the fun of finding supplies no longer existed.

Since the start of the game, the only fun Wang Ling had experienced so far was parachuting down.

This thing was just like a parachuting simulator...

...

At that time, Lord Thunder looked at the number of people left. Six minutes had passed in the game, and only sixty people remained. The player with the ID "SNAKE" was still using his cheat to wildly slaughter other water friends.

The water friends grumbled incessantly, and this mysterious SNAKE who had come out of nowhere sent a brazen, high priority bullet message in the live stream room: "I'm on the iron tower at the airfield. If you think you can stick your head out, expose it if you dare, I'll kill you!"

Except for the number one fan in the live stream room, the rest of the water friends had to fork out money to send a high priority bullet message, at fifty HNY per message.

The live stream room completely exploded with bullet messages.

"Fuck! Too arrogant!"

"Are the people who use cheats nowadays all this abusive?"

...

"Brother Ling, should we go punish this player?" Lord Thunder sighed.

The building they were in right now was in fact within range of the airfield, though it was on the fringes.

However, they actually weren't far from the iron tower that SNAKE had mentioned. The tower was in fact a tall crane next to office building C in the center of the airfield map, and the players commonly called it " youtiao ."

The terrain here was very high and it was the easiest position from which to kill people.

Lord Thunder wanted to go punish this player who was using cheats, and Wang Ling actually wasn't really against it. Lord Thunder was in his team and was thus involuntarily covered in the halo of the Great Fortune Spell.

The balance of fortune was on their side; even if someone was using cheats, the player wouldn't be able to kill them.

But not long after Lord Thunder's words, there was another notification on the public screen...

Player "TTXS" used "UZI" to kill player "SNAKE" with a headshot.

Wang Ling and Lord Thunder never imagined that before they could make a move, this SNAKE would already be punished by someone else!

And Wang Ling noticed that the person who killed SNAKE was actually the "TTXS" he had taken note of earlier...

...

At the same time, in the study at the Wang family's small villa, Father Wang cheered. "Beautiful, Little Ming!"

Father Wang had long guessed that most of the players in this water friends match would likely use cheats, so before this, he had already gotten Little Ming to research anti-cheat punishment software. Wang Ming had in fact used his side account to secretly infiltrate this group of one hundred people for this water friends match. It was Father Wang who had arranged this in advance.

Father Wang's and Wang Ming's voice windows were currently connected.

"Hehe, Uncle Wang, you flatter me, it was a piece of cake."

Wang Ming laughed in a very magnetic voice. "But I also overlooked some things. When I'd spent three minutes designing this anti-cheat software, I accidentally left out the reverse tracking mechanism, so I didn't have a way to determine the location of these cheaters. After I disposed of this cheater, it took me ten seconds just now to add this mechanism."

"..."

Father Wang sweated a little.

"But this kind of cheater probably unlocked infinite health, right?" Lie Mengmeng asked.

Wang Ming shook his head. "No use. My bullets are invincible. They can kill with headshots, even with a pistol."

Lie Mengmeng: "..."

Father Wang's laugh was like a lotus opening up. "Ha ha ha ha! That's really great! Those cheaters are the worst!"

Wang Ming: "Don't worry, uncle, you can just play, I'll deal with the cheaters."

"Mm."

Father Wang nodded, reassured. "But then again... can those players who died earlier be resurrected?"

Wang Ming: "Uncle Wang, you want to resurrect them? No problem!"

Lie Mengmeng was startled. "The hell?! Is that possible?"

Wang Ming's tone was very confident. "As long as their deaths were caused by cheaters, it's not a problem. I just need to write a plugin for my anti-cheat punishment software."

Father Wang and Lie Mengmeng: "..."

Wang Ming: "I'll call this plugin: Samsara of Heavenly Life 1 !"

1(This is a reincarnation jutsu from the series 'Naruto..') Father Wang and Lie Mengmeng: "..."





Chapter 497 Cheats Adjudicator


After the player with the ID SNAKE was punished by Wang Ming with a headshot kill...

Sitting in front of the screen in an upscale apartment in Jinghua, an unkempt and scruffy fat nerd took his hands off the keyboard and sighed deeply.

As he ate his instant noodles, he spoke on the phone. "Hello... is that Brother Baboon?"

A voice as rough as a baboon's came over the line. "Mission accomplished?"

The fat nerd answered blankly, "No... failed..."

"Failed? Didn't you use cheats?" On the other end of the line, the man's eyes were full of disbelief.

This Brother Baboon was a game live streamer who had been blacklisted by "Focus Report" a while back for using cheats and because of his rotten temperament. After that program ran his story, he knew it was over for him - he had been blacklisted by all the platforms, and he would perhaps never have the opportunity to make a comeback in the future.

This had upset Brother Baboon for a very long time, so after careful scheming, he decided to take revenge on the most popular live streamers on the Internet. He would arrange for water friends to use cheats in each of these live streamers' games and have them experience the lowest points of gaming for themselves.

Daoist Guang's water friends match was in fact a little experiment before Brother Baboon's all-out revenge attack, but he had never ever thought that the person he had set up in the game would actually fail.

In front of this interrogation, the fat nerd also looked baffled. "I also feel it's very strange... I clearly unlocked infinite health, but I was still killed with a headshot by the other party using an Uzi; the other party must be an immortal, too..."

"That's impossible!"

Brother Baboon shook his head. "The cheat I bought is the most expensive one online! The monthly rental is two hundred thousand! When the game is updated, so is this cheat! There's no middleman involved 1 !"

1(This is adapted from the tagline for a secondhand car app..) "But Brother Baboon, this person's cheat is really more awesome than ours. If you don't believe me, open the live stream room, we can try and analyze it." The fat nerd didn't know how to explain it as he stirred his noodles with a fork.

He opened Daoist Guang's live stream room as he said this.

Then, a mouthful of instant noodles sprayed directly onto the screen. " Pu !"

"What's wrong?" Brother Baboon asked.

The fat nerd pointed at the screen, a noodle strand hanging out of one nostril. "What... what the fuck! Brother Baboon... all the people I killed just now have been resurrected!"

Brother Baboon: "..."

...

For one moment in Daoist Guang's live stream room, the group of water friends that had been killed previously were all indescribably roused.

The number of viewers in the live stream room immediately jumped to eight million...

Sometimes, just watching a live streamer punish those cheaters could already hook more fans. But there were actually live streamers now who could get someone to directly reverse cheats and bring all the people who had been killed by cheats back to life... This operation left many people speechless for a moment.

"So this TTXS is an anti-cheat punishment expert that Daoist Guang found?"

"The hell! Lord Island is awesome! Where did he find this big shot?!"

"Once I enter Light Chaser Sect, I swear I'll be a Light Chaser for the rest of my life! I'll never regret being a Light Chaser! Lord Island is awesome!"

"I've become a fan! I already hated those cheaters to begin with, it feels so good to see the live streamer fix them!"

This incident not only gave Daoist Guang's Light Chasers face, even casual fans felt proud at this scene.

Daoist Guang saw a crazy increase in his fan tag numbers at that moment, and he was so swamped with wave upon wave of gifts that he couldn't read out all the names.

And this scene, which could be called a miraculous "resurrection," instantly became a hot topic, and the link to Daoist Guang's live stream room was shared in a frenzy by online users.

Only Daoist Guang himself had a dumb expression on his face.

What anti-cheat punishment expert?

He had never invited one over!

...

Elsewhere, at Lord Thunder's villa.

Lord Thunder glanced at his phone with a face full of amazement. "This Brother TTXS is pretty awesome..."

In fact, he could pretty much guess the identity of this "TTXS."

How many people were there in Huaxiu who could develop this type of uncanny anti-cheat punishment software as well as perfectly infiltrate the game to bring about a theoretically impossible resurrection miracle?

To directly infiltrate the game terminal, modify the death records of those who had been killed by cheats in the game, and resurrect them - even Little Black didn't have this ability!

In Huaxiu, the only person who could surpass Little Black's skill in this respect was Wang Ming.

Moreover, even if Little Black had the skill to directly sneak into the game terminal to modify the data, any traces he might leave behind would be grounds for a lawsuit by the people of the game company, and the consequences would be unimaginable.

After all, this was hacking.

But if it was Wang Ming... he didn't have to worry about this issue at all.

Leaving aside the fact whether the company would even to begin with catch Wang Ming sneaking in through the cracks of the game, even if they did want to investigate his identity, they would in the end still retreat.

President Qi and General Yi were on the same level; even if the game company wouldn't give Wang Ming face, in the end, there was still President Qi...

For one moment, Lord Thunder turned this thought over in his mind.

Because there was a problem he found very strange. If "TTXS" was Wang Ming, it was impossible for him to have been expressly invited by Daoist Guang to take part in this match.

In fact, Daoist Guang didn't know that Wang Ling had a cousin called Wang Ming at all... they weren't even chat friends, why would they play games together?

So there was only one final answer...

Wang Ming's participation had most likely been arranged by someone else.

Lord Thunder knew that Mother Wang didn't play games, and Er Ha was with Wei Zhi today...

After Brother Ling, who was the person Brother Wang Ming obeyed the most in the Wang family?

In his heart, Lord Thunder already had the answer.

So now it was all very clear...

This "TTXS" was definitely Brother Wang Ming.

And it was definitely Brother Ling's father, Senior Wang, who had invited him over.

As for Senior Wang's ID in the game, Lord Thunder also had an answer.

He had heard that number one fan "Brother Sleep" mention online novels earlier; if Lord Thunder's guess was correct, this Brother Sleep was most likely Senior Wang.

Lord Thunder looked at the number of people in the game after the Samsara of Heavenly Life plugin had taken effect and resurrected players.

In the top right corner of the screen, the current number of people was eighty-seven.

All the water friends who had been killed by cheats had been resurrected.

By now, it had already been a long time since the start of the game.

At that moment, the system sent a prompt: Thirty seconds to the next circle contraction...

Lord Thunder was shocked. "Not good, Brother Ling! We need to run from the circle!"

He nudged Wang Ling and then immediately opened the map.

Then, he was amazed to discover that the building they were in was at the very center of the safe zone.

Lord Thunder: "???"

" Ei... "

Wang Ling sighed with boredom.

Because of the "Great Fortune Spell," he knew that the building he was in right now was one hundred percent the final god-blessed circle.

So, no matter how much the circle shrunk in the end...

Wherever he was, was the center of the safe zone...

"..." It was the first time Lord Thunder felt that the game could actually be so boring.

...

On that day, after the water friends match had ended, Xiao Yin asked Lord Thunder curiously, "Thunder, Thunder! What does it feel like to play with Master?"

Lord Thunder smiled and said, "All you need to do is lie back."

Xiao Yin: "..."





Chapter 498 I'll Grab a Bite of Broccoli Salad and Chill Out...


Actually, whatever Lord Thunder was thinking of, Wang Ling had naturally already considered it.

It was just that he couldn't be absolutely sure...

Playing the same game as his spirit beast was already a very magical experience; adding a player whom he suspected was his father into the mix instantly gave Wang Ling an indescribable feeling.

Lord Thunder and Wang Ling were lying on the roof of the military base in the breeze, bored to death. On their left was " youtiao " and on their right was building C, which happened to be set at an angle. In their prone positions, they were surrounded by walls, and the angle was very tricky; unless people rushed into the building, they couldn't be detected, not even if the players stood on " youtiao ."

Lord Thunder's heart was close to crumbling.

The only difference between this utter lack of gameplay and turning into a box as soon as you landed was that they were fully equipped with supplies and heal items but couldn't exhibit their use at all...

So, their current state was... two human boxes?

Lord Thunder thought this was an apt comparison.

He realized that as long as he was with Wang Ling, there wouldn't be such a thing as a god-cursed circle, not in his entire life.

When other people played games, whether or not they could encounter the god-blessed circle depended on luck. When Wang Ling played games, whether or not he could encounter the god-blessed circle depended on Wang Ling.

Where Wang Ling was, so was the safe zone...

Lord Thunder had thought at first that playing the game with Wang Ling would be a very exciting experience.

It was a real pity that their first time was worse than he had imagined...

A lifeless Lord Thunder took off his headphones and stood up.

Xiao Yin: "Thunder, you're not playing anymore?"

Lord Thunder said woodenly, "I'm going to go grab a bite of broccoli salad to chill out..."

Xiao Yin: "But... you're in the middle of a game."

Lord Thunder smiled slightly. "It's fine - with Brother Ling around, I can win even if I use my feet to play."

Wang Ling and Xiao Yin: "..."

...

It truly wasn't a great gaming experience. Since he seldom played, Wang Ling had actually really wanted to perform. However, because of the Great Fortune Spell, there was no way that he could perform today. Actually, the most critical point was that once the Great Fortune Spell was activated, the biggest headache about it was that it couldn't simply be canceled.

Wang Ling knew that Lord Thunder was having a terrible gaming experience; not everyone had the nature to be kings at laying low.

At that time, he saw that the system's third circle contraction was already over. When he opened the map for a look... Sure enough, they were still in the middle of the safe zone.

When Lord Thunder went to get his broccoli salad, Wang Ling suddenly thought of a way to possibly verify whether or not this number one fan "Brother Sleep" was Father Wang.

When Wang Ling had gone out today, he knew that Lie Mengmeng and Father Wang had been in the study. There would be several days each month when Father Wang would go crazy over the novel, and Lie Mengmeng would specially drop by to urge Father Wang to speed up his updates.

The book The Live Streaming Life of the Immortal King was now on track, and Father Wang generally wasn't in the habit of amassing drafts; all the draft chapters that he had stored up before the book's release had already been used up in the first month after its debut for the sake of securing monthly votes 1 .

1(According to Qidian's system, VIP readers can support their favorite novels with monthly votes, thus boosting the book's profile ..) Plus, this water friends match which Daoist Guang had organized had been going on since the morning... Wang Ling remembered that Brother Sleep, this "number one fan," had been very active in the live stream room as he promoted the event and also engaged in lively chitchat.

That was to say, if Lie Mengmeng had personally dropped by to press for updates but Father Wang still hadn't updated his novel today, then there was definitely something wrong.

Curious, Wang Ling opened the novel software app to take a casual look.

Sure enough, it was exactly as he had thought — there weren't any chapter updates for Father Wang's novel today!

Hm... solid proof!

Wang Ling looked at the book review section for Father Wang's novel. Because it hadn't been updated all morning, the "demand more" party had already built high-rises in the review section.

Should he send a book review?

Suddenly, Wang Ling felt like being cheeky.

About ten seconds later, Wang Ling's book review was finished: Shocked! Some novel writer is ignoring his job to play a game with Lord Island, the famous rookie live streamer!

It was a very short sentence and Wang Ling didn't even put down Father Wang's game ID.

But he believed the review would definitely have an explosive effect.

After all, no one knew how scary it was to have a bunch of readers clamoring incessantly for an author to dress up in women's clothes as compensation...

...

Elsewhere, in the study at the Wang family's small villa, Father Wang and Daoist Guang were coordinating very well together. They had killed five men in total, Daoist Guang three and Father Wang two... Father Wang actually didn't think he had a talent for games at all, but there were times when he just wanted to play.

Earlier, Father Wang had sent Daoist Guang a private message explaining that he was the one who had invited the anti-cheat punishment expert over. Of course, Father Wang didn't say who it was exactly, just that it was a friend.

Sometimes the word "friend" was really an explanation for everything.

If there was something that you couldn't explain clearly, the right way to do it was to push it onto your "friend"!

At that moment, Father Wang's cell phone on the table vibrated. Seeing that Wang Ming had sent him a voice message, Father Wang quickly turned off the microphone connection to Daoist Guang. He and Lord Island were in one team and acting in concert; if he didn't turn off the microphone, his private conversation with Wang Ming would be recorded.

"Uncle, can I ask you something? Is Ling Ling at home today?"

"Ling Ling? He's at home. He's been busy recently revising for the midterm exams," Father Wang quickly replied.

"At home. All right, I see." Wang Ming's lips curled as he laughed since he already had an answer in his mind.

Father Wang felt that Wang Ming's laugh sounded strange, so he couldn't help warning him, "Don't you dare take your little brother out to play games; you already graduated by the time you were his age, but he's not as smart as you - he can't keep his grades down in the average range like I told him to!"

Keep... keep his grades down... erm...

Wang Ming opened his mouth, but in the end didn't have the courage to refute Father Wang.

What he actually wanted to say was that sometimes, those who could play at keeping their grades down were the real big shots...

After the third circle contraction, the number of people had gone down to sixty again.

This was in fact quite a normal figure, but Father Wang looked at the kill notifications on the public screen and noticed that a person with the ID "WF" had used a 98K to kill three people with a headshot in succession.

"Little Ming, can you check whether this WF is using cheats?" Father Wang said.

Five seconds later, Wang Ming's message came through. "No, this person isn't a cheater, but an expert. He has very precise marksmanship, and has currently killed seven people, all with headshots."

"So amazing?" Father Wang tsked. Sure enough, there were still experts around in this game!

"Do you need me to get rid of this person?" Wang Ming smiled.

"Don't! Since he isn't cheating, it's fine. Although uncle is bad at this, I still have integrity!"

Wang Ming facepalmed. "Uncle... if you have integrity, you should be typing now..."

"..." Hearing this, Father Wang was actually unable to respond.

Behind Father Wang, Lie Mengmeng nodded his head frantically like a chicken pecking at rice.





Chapter 499 Wang Zilong Is Here!


Wang Ming was hiding in a small two-story building. It was a very safe position which Wang Ming's game character "TTXS" had selected after intelligently calculating the safe zone's location after the last circle contraction and the players' nearby travel routes.

Based on the software's calculation results, the game character would prioritize the safest and closest location with cover and a relatively wide range of view, and move into position itself.

As a cheats adjudicator specialist, Wang Ming had constantly debugged and improved his anti-cheat software, to the point it felt like the character in the game had a soul of its own and was able to operate automatically.

Wang Ming didn't even need to use the mouse or keyboard; he just needed to use voice input to issue instructions.

"TTXS" was currently crouched on the balcony on the second floor of this house. No one could approach him from behind, and whatever direction his muzzle was aimed in, there were sure to be people walking into its view.

But "TTXS" hadn't occupied this dominant position in the small building for very long when Wang Ming immediately issued a command: "TTXS, move immediately! Find WF's location!"

Although Father Wang had already said not to worry about the other party, Wang Ming was still a little concerned about the player with the ID "WF."

Perhaps... this was the intuition of a brother-con!

Anyway, this "WF" made Wang Ming uncomfortable.

While the character "TTXS" moved on its own to track down WF's specific location, Wang Ming also swiftly cut out of the screen and his fingers flew over the keyboard as he searched for the terminal code to try and find information on this "WF."

He had been able to directly modify the data on deaths in the game company's terminal and bring those water friends that had already died back with the "Samsara of Heavenly Life"- looking for information on a person was a piece of cake.

As Wang Ming worked, President Qi watched from the side, a cup of fairy coffee in his hands. "Tch, is it worth doing all this for a game?"

"My uncle rarely asks me to help out, of course I have to do it," Wang Ming said.

"You're doing it for your brother, I suppose?" President Qi asked.

Wang Ming: "..."

President Qi laughed. "Let me remind you, Zhai Yin will be back in thirty minutes."

As soon as Zhai Yin was mentioned, faint signs of sweat already appeared on Wang Ming's forehead. "There's still time, there's still time..."

Deliberately chatting inanely with Wang Ming, President Qi in the end realized that it didn't affect Wang Ming's productivity at all. Personal information on players was important data for the game company, and there were many measures in place to protect them. In theory, it was much harder to retrieve personal information than to modify the data on a water friend's death at the terminal.

It also involved the game company's security measures; what Wang Ming was trying to do now was steal this "WF" ID's player information without being detected by the game company's defense system.

Judging from Wang Ming's expression, it was too easy...

Less than a minute later, Wang Ming had already given his IP address the highest level of clearance as he hacked into the game company's computers.

"Tch, so quick?"

President Qi couldn't help sighing; when all was said and done, Wang Ming had the strongest brain.

Back when he had been young, President Qi had also been able to perform similar operations, but in the end he still hadn't been as fast as Wang Ming was now. President Qi felt that in his prime, it would still take him at least five minutes to sneak in and steal a player's information.

Still, President Qi couldn't help asking, "You infiltrated them so quickly, they shouldn't be able to detect you, right?"

Wang Ming shook his head. "No way - if they find me, I'll cut my brain open for you to take a look."

President Qi: "Actually... I've always wanted to do that."

Wang Ming: "..."

President Qi: "You can change your name; don't use Wang Xiaoer on your fake ID card anymore... it's so old-fashioned!"

Wang Ming: "What do you mean, president?"

President Qi: "Just change your name to Wang Zilong."

Wang Ming: "???"

President Qi laughed. "You're popping in and out of the game company's client information like it's Changban 1 ... shouldn't you give the security consultants some face?"

1(Zilong, more commonly known as Zhao Yun, was a military general who, during the Battle of Changban, went in to save warlord Liu Bei's son and wife ..) Wang Ming: "..."

While Wang Ming's hack had been a success, retrieving the data still took some time. Regular computers wouldn't be able to analyze this massive amount of data, and it really was difficult to precisely single out one person in the vast swarm of player data - it would have been really impossible without the research institute's computers.

But speaking about searching for data, it suddenly occurred to Wang Ming that he really had to find time to meet Wang Ling soon.

The data from the sword qi left behind on the tattered Daoist robe from Daoist Guang had already yielded a reverse trail.

But the data coordinates were very strange as it seemed to be located inside the Gate Between Worlds and yet not.

Wang Ming felt that he needed to find time to explain this matter clearly to Wang Ling face to face. The outcome of the data analysis was a series of encryption codes... he wouldn't be able to explain them clearly just through an online chat.

While Wang Ming was thinking this, the computer search results came out.

Online games now required user verification.

This "WF" ID was no exception.

Wang Ming also saw the real name registered for this ID: Fang Xing.

"Fang Xing?" Wang Ming scratched his chin.

Wasn't this the kid who had been harassing his family's Wang Ling recently?

After seeing this name, Wang Ming made up his mind.

He was going to get rid of this guy...

...

Elsewhere, Lord Thunder had already returned after eating his broccoli salad. He saw that his and Wang Ling's characters were still lying unmoving on the roof.

At that moment, the fourth circle had already shrunk, and the number of people was already less than fifty.

But he and Wang Ling were still in the center of the safe zone...

Lord Thunder got up to take a look. Actually, he thought that the second half of the game would be a little more interesting now that the circle was a little smaller. At the very least he would be able to spot people on the map and shoot... Since the start of the game, he had yet to use his fully-loaded M416 silencer to shoot any of his 5.56mm bullets!

"105 Blue House. Someone's on the second floor." At that moment, Lord Thunder suddenly heard Wang Ling's telepathic communication.

Wow! Finally!

Lord Thunder switched to a 4x scope; he knew it was time for him to show off what he could do.

When he opened his scope to take a look, sure enough, he could see a figure moving around in the window of the blue house that Wang Ling had mentioned.

"Brother Ling, look at me!"

Bang ! — A shot!

Bang ! — Two shots!

Lord Thunder was very confident in his marksmanship. The first shot had knocked the person's helmet off, and the second one had hit his bulletproof vest. As long as his third shot hit the other party in the head, this person would undoubtedly die.

But when Lord Thunder pulled the trigger a third time, he discovered that this person had already fallen down.

And the one who had killed him hadn't been Lord Thunder...

He looked at the top right corner of the public screen.

WF!

Fuck! His kill had been stolen from him!





Chapter 500 Lord Thunder's "Bang" Performance


This was the rare opportunity that Lord Thunder had been waiting for, and just when he had the chance to show off, someone stole his kill! He could only describe this act in two phrases: 1. Made his blood boil 2. Crazy!

But he wasn't in a position to say too much. After all, it was commonplace for more than one player to aim at the same target. It could only be said that the water fan had bad luck: two sniper experts had shot at him at the same time, and ultimately he didn't even know how he had died.

But Lord Thunder felt that there was no reason to be too anxious; there were still forty-six people left, so he still had plenty of chances to show off. The latest safe zone now covered the entire airfield peninsula on the map. After seeing this new safe zone, the players still alive would undoubtedly head in the direction of the airfield from the other major cities on the map.

But in order to approach the airfield peninsula, they had to take a speedboat or swim across the river, otherwise they could only cross the bridge by force.

Usually, if the safe zone was in the airfield peninsula, there were sure to be people keeping watch and waiting to rob others at the bridge.

When there had been a sharp decline from sixty to fifty players earlier, it had been people rushing the bridge, only to heroically sacrifice themselves...

This hadn't been a result of a cheat, and was just a typical drop in numbers. If cheats really had been involved, Lord Thunder felt that Wang Ming would have punished the people responsible already.

Lord Thunder could hence already foresee that in a short while, the airfield peninsula would become the center of a battle on a scale no less than when Li Yunlong had attacked the county seat of Pingan 1 .

1(Li Yunlong is the protagonist of the novel 'Drawing Sword' by famous Chinese writer Duliang. The story revolves around the battle of Pingan county which took place during the Second Sino-Japanese War.) Wang Ling and Lord Thunder currently occupied a relatively advantageous position; this happened to be in the crane's blind spot, and anyone standing on " youtiao " would only be able to detect them with great difficulty. Secondly, it was likely no one would expect the final god-blessed circle to be in this house. That was because the other half of the airfield peninsula was open territory, and generally, when it came down to the decisive battle, the final circle would most likely be in this open area.

In Lord Thunder's view, the odds that the circle would be centered on this rooftop was as high as the odds of Wang Ling opening his mouth to speak...

Hm...

At this thought, Lord Thunder stole a glance at Wang Ling out of the corner of his eye.

He knew that Wang Ling could read minds, but from the expression on his face, it was clear that he hadn't done so.

Otherwise, he would already have been scowling...

But conversely, it showed that Wang Ling was seriously focused on the game.

Although his gaming experience this time indeed wasn't great, Lord Thunder suddenly felt that he was very fortunate to see a totally different side to Wang Ling other than his normal study behavior.

To him, this Brother Ling would forever be his role model.

When he could sense the gradual increase in the number of people close by, Wang Ling's expression gradually turned serious.

He could already see from afar a lot of small black dots coming from all directions as more and more people approached the airfield.

But at this distance, he could only see moving pixelated dots; unless he used a cheat, he wouldn't be able to hit them, even with a sniper rifle.

He would need to wait until they drew closer.

Finding a proper angle, Wang Ling opened his scope and aimed at the pixelated dots closest to him.

It was a team that was actually on motorbikes, and they would be within shooting range very soon.

"Team from the north-west." Wang Ling spoke telepathically, his voice as cool as ever.

Actually, he felt that he could deal with them himself, but he didn't want to rob Lord Thunder of the opportunity to show off. At the very least, they should actually feel like they were playing the game...

Following Wang Ling's information, Lord Thunder quickly aimed at this team; the two of them were in level three outfits and looked like two fat lambs. It looked like one of them was carrying an AWM on his back, which was the ultimate sniper rifle in this game. Unfortunately, these two were really too far away, so Wang Ling and Lord Thunder wouldn't be able to search through their bags even if they killed them.

"Farewell, bros."

Lord Thunder narrowed his eyes and clicked the mouse. With a clear bang from the 98K in his hand, he directly blew off the level three helmet which one of the players was wearing.

Just as he was about to shoot a second time...

This person had actually already fallen down and Lord Thunder's second shot was a dead one...

The kill notification popped up on the public screen.

Player "WF" has used "M24" to kill player PIPIku with a headshot...

Wang Ling: "..."

Lord Thunder: "..."

His kill had been stolen again!!

Lord Thunder took even breaths as he did his best to calm down. A turbulent mood could affect his accuracy; this was the biggest fear of any excellent sniper. He didn't want his performance to turn into a "bang"2 just because two of his kills had been stolen.

2(A relatively new colloquial gaming term to mean a player is lame.) He drew in a breath and opened his scope as he aimed at that PIPIku's teammate. "Brother Ling, I'll definitely kill someone for you to see today!"

Wang Ling: "..."

After his teammate had been killed with a sniper shot, this person swiftly hid in the closest shelter; it was a toilet which was actually in a very bad position. Anyone nearby could throw a grenade inside and kill him.

Lord Thunder knew that this person was panicking. Many newbies would be thrown into confusion after their teammates were killed and they weren't careful in choosing a place for shelter. Although this toilet would provide cover from bullets, there were small windows on all sides. Unless a player lay down on their stomach, their head was easily exposed, which was just asking to die.

After his teammate PIPIku had been shot dead, this person's level three helmet had been blown off with a shot from WF while the player had been fleeing to the toilet.

Without a helmet, he could be instantly killed with a headshot, whether it was with a M24 or 98K.

So now was the time to stake everything on hand speed...

Lord Thunder regulated his breathing and watched for an opportunity to act.

Less than two seconds later, he saw the player's head poke up through the toilet window and his reaction was very quick as he swiftly took the shot!

Bang !

After his shot, he saw the system notification.

System notification: Player "WF" has used "M24" to kill player PIPIku 2 with a headshot...

2(Yes, author's mistake, unless this player was also called PIPIku ....) He couldn't help swearing. "Shit! That was intentional! This guy is definitely doing it deliberately!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Lord Thunder: "He targets my targets! Brother Ling, I can't take it anymore, I'm going to punish him!"

After he said that, Lord Thunder jumped out before Wang Ling could stop him.

The farther away Lord Thunder was from Wang Ling's character in the game, the weaker the effect of Wang Ling's "Great Fortune Spell" would be for him...

Hm...

After that, it was just as Wang Ling expected.

Lord Thunder never came back...