Chapter 901 Pen Fairy's Instant Death


Let us rewind time back to ten minutes ago, when Boss Jin's meeting just ended and there were ten minutes to go to midnight.

Wang Ling had a general idea of the locations of these three devils, and got Book of Sage Immortal to search for them as quickly as possible. After enlightening Book of Sage Immortal, Wang Ling found that it was indeed really helpful in looking up all sorts of things.

But this thing still had to be punished - Wang Ling still remembered that it had sold his limited edition crispy noodle snacks to help buy Immortal Toya a ticket.

Thus, after finding Jingke's scabbard, Wang Ling was still going to give this tablet away...

Keeping it around would be a disaster sooner or later!

A few seconds later, Book of Sage Immortal sent over Pen Fairy's location. Like Boss Jin said, Pen Fairy was in the Funan area, and furthermore was committing a crime at that very moment.

In the meeting room, Wang Ling used the "Great Soul Shift Spell" of the Three Thousand Great Dao to swiftly arrive at Pen Fairy's location.

It was a boy's room, and Wang Ling used the Great Soul Shift Spell to appear behind the boy. This little brother with a crew cut didn't sense him at all since Wang Ling was currently in a spiritual body. Even Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi as inhabitants of the Domain of the Gods wouldn't be able to see Wang Ling, to say nothing of a high school student.

The Great Soul Shift Spell could be considered an advanced out-of-body spell that could instantly transport a soul anywhere in the world.

But the spiritual body couldn't last long; after fifteen minutes, the soul would automatically return to the body.

But this was more than enough time for Wang Ling to get rid of Pen Fairy.

It wasn't a difficult enemy to deal with; it was just difficult to find.

In front of his table, this little brother with a crew cut had no idea at all that he had been targeted by a female ghost. Pen in hand, he was staring at a book and seemed to be racking his brains over a problem.

"Nannan? Nannan?" From outside came the voice of the little brother's mother. She knocked on the door first before opening it, then placed a plate of fruit next to him.

Seeing her son doing his revision seriously, the mother smiled benevolently. "Study well, Nannan! If you want to eat anything, just let me know!"

"Mm, I got it," the little brother replied coldly. Although his eyes were on the book, he was looking at his mother out of the corner of his eye.

After his mother left, this little brother with the crew cut breathed a sigh of relief. He turned a page in the book he was holding, and only then did Wang Ling realize... there was actually a "hole" inside this little brother's thick revision materials! That was right! A rectangular hole!

The little brother had placed his phone inside this hole!

Whenever anyone came by, he would cover it with the page in the front, then flip it back when no one was around...

Wang Ling sweated. This little brother had gone to a lot of trouble to play with his phone.

He glanced at the name written on the little brother's review materials: Lin Nan.

Currently a third-year student.

Different to regular high schools, Foundation Establishment high schools had their college entrance exams in October after the summer break.

Thus, for the majority of third-year Foundation Establishment high school kids, the summer break wasn't a great one; in addition to actual combat, there was still a lot of theory they had to review, and their parents would usually be keeping a closer eye on them.

It was very clear that this little brother was afraid of his mother's nagging, which was why he had come up with this little trick of hiding his phone inside his revision materials.

He was so not serious about studying!

Wang Ling stared at Lin Nan and sighed inwardly.

There was a time to play and a time to study; striking a balance between work and rest would make one a more effective learner. But be that as it may, Wang Ling in the end wasn't Lin Nan, and thus couldn't comment. After all, each person's situation was different; you weren't that person, so you had no right to rashly judge them.

Wang Ling was very curious to know why Lin Nan had gone to all that trouble to hide his phone. Taking a look, he saw that Lin Nan was talking to his father on the phone.

A text message caught Wang Ling's eye: "Dad, don't gamble anymore. Come home. Mom needs you. I was first in my whole year in the final exams, and the school specially gave me a Super Panacea. If we sell it, we can definitely pay off your gambling debts. As long as you promise me never to gamble again, and come home and apologize to mom, I'll sell that Super Panacea..."

He was waiting for news from his father.

But his father didn't reply even after a long time.

Seeing this message, Wang Ling had mixed feelings.

At that moment, Lin Nan, who was waiting for his father's reply, suddenly felt cold and couldn't help shivering.

Lin Nan picked up the air-con remote on the table. The room temperature was currently at twenty-five degrees. It shouldn't be that cold! So what was up with this chill he was feeling?

Lin Nan didn't know that at that moment, Pen Fairy had already targeted him.

A dark spiritual body slowly stretched out from the ballpoint pen he was holding...

It was a female ghost with long hair who was dressed in red and wore high heels. Her spiritual body flowed out of the pen and slowly coalesced behind Lin Nan. Lin Nan could clearly feel a cold breeze on his neck, but had no idea why.

When the female ghost stretched out her long red nails toward Lin Nan's neck, Wang Ling slowly raised his hand and pressed down on the ghost's shoulder.

"You're Pen Fairy, right?" Wang Ling cocked his head and said telepathically.

The female ghost in red was so scared that all her hair stood on end!

She hadn't noticed anyone standing behind her at all...

The mantis stalks the cicada, unaware of the oriole behind.

"You..." The female ghost turned her head in disbelief, but she was so weak that she couldn't even see Wang Ling's spiritual body. However, the ghost was very sure that there was someone behind her!

And his hand was already at her neck before she could do the same herself...

"Let go," Wang Ling said telepathically in a cold voice.

There was no room for negotiation in his tone, and it was an unadulterated command.

Helpless, the female ghost was forced to withdraw her nails, and she raised both hands in surrender.

"What kind of ghost are you..."

"I'm Crispy Noodles Ghost."

Crispy Noodles Ghost? Pen Fairy was blank. She had never heard of this guy.

"Why are you after him?" Wang Ling continued to ask telepathically.

He felt like he had never spoken so much before in his life.

But he was really very curious.

His gossipy heart had been completely awoken by Guo Hao that guy.

"I want to kill him because he isn't studying hard, of course!" the female ghost said righteously.

"..." Wang Ling was shocked by this reason.

"Also, before I kill him, I'll help him finish all his homework! I want to make every person who doesn't study hard feel ashamed! Send them to hell with remorse, and I'll -"

"Bang!"

Before Pen Fairy could finish speaking, Wang Ling gripped her neck and straightaway crushed her.

What a boring fight...

Wang Ling sighed inwardly.

He gave Lin Nan a look.

Before he left, he did one other thing.

He erased all the homework Pen Fairy had done for Lin Nan...

One's homework!

Had to be done by oneself!





Chapter 902 The Scabbard Is On the Way


Wang Ling acted quickly to get rid of Pen Fairy at midnight on the dot, dumbfounding all the exorcists in the exorcism competition. They already saw that Boss Jin had tremendous momentum this year, and now that Mr Fang wasn't taking part, Boss Jin indeed could potentially rank in the top three. But the competition had barely begun and he had already eliminated the biggest boss Pen Fairy... Everyone was caught off guard.

This Pen Fairy was a malicious ghost that had a reputation all these years of being the most difficult ghost to find!

Did that mean that the other side had already long confirmed Pen Fairy's position, and had hung around waiting for the competition to start before getting rid of it?

Everyone had yet to recover from their astonishment when there was yet another system announcement from the exorcism center: "Team Jin Ke has broken the record for the quickest top-ranked devil kill, and earns two hundred thousand points. The kill time from the official start of the competition was 0.0001 seconds (Note: the last record was 12:21:44). This is a genuine and valid kill. All exorcists are welcome to try and break the record."

After looking at this record, the exorcists leading teams all over Huaxiu nation threw their compasses and exorcism magic artifacts to the ground with a "pia.""Fuck! Are you kidding me?! 0.0001 seconds! How the fuck are we supposed to break this record?!"

At the top of the exorcism center, the president Yang Hu was working in his office. The giant screen in front of him had various red dots on it which were the exorcists that had gone out to hunt devils all over the country.

When news of Boss Jin's kill arrived, President Yang Hua was also bewildered... That was too fast! Plus, there was no possibility of cheating at all!

"President, I've investigated the profiles of Boss Jin's team members," said the female secretary standing next to Yang Hua. She had just looked up some information. "The identities and backgrounds of these four people are all very ordinary. One of them is a minor. As for further details, we're still verifying the information..."

The fact was that when he had submitted the information, Zhuo Yi hadn't used their real identities for fear of stirring up trouble. Only the ages given in the information were real, so that their fake identities looked more genuine. Zhuo Yi had intentionally retained Wang Ling's age, which meant that the team had a minor.

"You can look up the minor."

The female secretary: "The youngster's surname is Gan and his given name is Cui 1 ."

1(i.e. "gan cui mian" or "dry and crispy noodles.") Yang Hua was blank. "Why is it that surname? How is he connected to Gan Jiang 2 ?"

2(Gan Jiang and his wife Mo Ye are a swordsmith couple in Chinese literature ..) The female secretary: "This, we don't know..."

"Alright... Look deeper into it then. If there really isn't any information, give Boss Jin a call directly and ask for details. This is very important for us. The prize pool for our exorcism competition this year is bigger than ever since I have to find a powerful exorcist to do one thing for me..."

Speaking up to this point, Yang Hua fell silent.

The appearance of Boss Jin's team had given him new hope.

The female secretary nodded. "Very well, Sir President, I'll go and do that now."

Yang Hua said, "Mm... make sure to be discreet about it. Huaxiu Alliance must never know about this..."

The female secretary: "Yes! This subordinate will definitely be careful!"

In front of the huge French windows, Yang Hu sighed inwardly.

A while ago, because of the exorcism center's negligence, the seal on a million-year-old devil had accidentally come loose.

And now, this devil would reappear in the world in a few days...

Time was running out for President Yang.

If Huaxiu Alliance found out about this, his position as president of the exorcism center would be in jeopardy.

...

Elsewhere, in Boss Jin's shop, he received congratulatory calls and texts from countless people.

"Old Jin! Who on earth did you recruit for your team? Can you tell me? Or how about we cooperate next year? If you're looking for someone to invest in your shop, I'm your man!"

"Dear Old Jin! Congratulations on killing Pen Fairy! Now that I'm asking sincerely, can you sincerely tell me who on earth is in your team?"

...

In a split second, Boss Jin received a little over a hundred texts, the contents of which were pretty much the same as they all asked about his teammates and offered congratulations in passing.

Boss Jin sighed and thought about how this was the way the world worked.

Previously, when he couldn't keep his Shop Number 83 open for much longer, he had asked everyone in his contact list one by one if he could borrow money, but these people never replied... Now that his situation had changed, they too suddenly changed their minds.

"Boss Jin, aren't you going to reply?" Zhuo Yi asked.

After news of that kill went out, he saw Boss Jin's phone enter guichu mode as the texts came in non-stop and the screen flashed incessantly.

Boss Jin was clearly a little upset when he saw these messages and he directly turned off his phone.

"Many thanks to all of you for this."

Boss Jin said to Zhuo Yi and the others, "The other two devils ranked second and third..."

"Is Boss Jin talking about Man-Eating Dove and Lemon Gremlin?" Fang Xing smiled. "Our second and third teams have already pinpointed their locations."

"So soon..."

"Most of these devils are souls; as long as you're strong enough, you don't need to use a magic compass to locate them. You can just sit at home and determine their approximate location through their auras, and then go look around for them."

"..."

"Besides, Man-Eating Dove and Lemon Gremlin aren't strong - they're only at the Soul Formation stage. If it wasn't for this team-building activity this time, we normally wouldn't bother with these small hobgoblins."

"..."

Saying this, Fang Xing glanced at a text, then looked up and said, "Mm, it's confirmed; our sect head says that a lot of exorcists are now searching high and low for these two devils. He wants us to wait a while before taking action, so that we don't ruin the game for them and destroy their mindsets."

"..."

The mouths of Boss Jin and his shop assistant Ling Huan dropped open when they heard this.

This group of people...

Who on earth were they?

Initially, they had already thought that this Zhuo Yi, Director of the General Administration of 100 Schools, was ridiculously strong - they never expected this Director Zhuo's friends to also be all so formidable.

Coming back to his senses, Boss Jin wiped his sweat. "In any case, I still have to thank everyone... Also, I've already texted the scabbard that you're looking for, and she's on her way over."

"Boss Jin, what... do you mean?"

"Actually, I haven't told you: that peach wood sword scabbard also spawned an artifact spirit. She's a very beautiful girl, and I've been raising her as my daughter all this time."

Everyone: "..."

"Little Scabbard is already on her way, and you'll see her soon. She's usually more of a shut-in, and she only agreed to come over when I promised I would buy her a game with my winnings."

Everyone and Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 903 Miss Scabbard Who Knows the Script


It was only then that Zhuo Yi realized that Boss Jin seemed to have set them up... Previously, Boss Jin had stressed over and over again that the peach wood sword was a token of his and his girlfriend's love - he had refrained from mentioning the fact that the scabbard had spawned an artifact spirit.

Zhuo Yi had originally thought that Boss Jin was especially attached to this peach wood sword because it was a "love token"; after all, it had happened thirteen years ago...

But now they finally understood that Boss Jin had in fact "set up house for a beloved woman"!

For a moment, the whole room fell silent.

Roughly ten minutes later, a girl with white hair and wearing a "Video Game One" Lu Ban character "game skin" pushed open the door and came in.

Wang Ling was finally seeing this Miss Scabbard. The girl took off her cap. Her eyes were empty and dull, and she had an ahoge as white as a sharp sword which stuck right up on the top of her head. At first glance, Wang Ling felt that she and Jingke indeed were meant to be... She was about fifteen years old, slightly older than Jingke, and had developed well in all the right places.

"Father, I'm telling you, you only have ten minutes! You promised to buy me a game, no backing out!"

The girl entered with a wooden face, casually pulled out a chair, and sat down. She then folded her arms and stared at the people in front of her.

Her gaze swept over Er Ha, Fang Xing and Zhuo Yi, then finally stopped on Wang Ling. After observing Wang Ling for a while, she nodded and said, "No wonder Father is doing so well in the exorcism convention this year. This trash is indeed much stronger than the ones last year."

Trash...

Fang Xing's forehead throbbed visibly.

Forget her calling him trash... but she actually dared call Wang Ling that?

Zhuo Yi wiped his sweat and felt that this Miss Scabbard really had a hot temper.

"Such formidable spirit power," Er Ha said to itself in its heart.

Boss Jin hadn't lied: this girl was indeed an artifact spirit. The composition of an artifact spirit's spirit power was more unique; Er Ha could sense it. However, Er Ha had to admit that this was its first time seeing an artifact spirit maintain its human form all this while, since most artifact spirits preferred to stay in their original forms.

This was because artifact spirits consumed a lot of spirit power when they took on human forms.

But this Miss Scabbard didn't seem bothered by this - or was it because there didn't appear to be a limit to her spirit power in her human form?

What was going on?

Er Ha was very puzzled.

"Let me introduce you: this is my daughter, Jin Baiqiao 1 ..." Boss Jin wiped his sweat as he made the introductions. It seemed that he was very helpless when it came to his daughter.

1(Bai Qiao literally means "white scabbard") However, Miss Scabbard frowned and seemed very displeased with Boss Jin's introduction. "How many times have I told you, my surname isn't Jin. My name is Bai Qiao. Father, please correct yourself and don't simply give me a surname. I call you Father because that was the name you signed the contract with."

Everyone: "..."

"..."

This retort left Boss Jin somewhat speechless.

After a long silence, Zhuo Yi was the first to break it. "Given Miss Bai Qiao's fighting strength, if she participated in the exorcism convention, she would definitely help Boss Jin rank first."

This was the truth, but also the standard flattery... After all, this was their first meeting. In Zhuo Yi's opinion, it was necessary to say something nice and pleasant to hear.

But this Miss Bai Qiao didn't buy it. She stared at Zhuo Yi and chuckled. "With my strength, getting rid of those petty devils would naturally be a piece of cake, but they aren't worthy of my attention. I know you, you're called Zhuo Yi, right? The one that's been on TV a lot lately?"

Zhuo Yi was delighted. "Miss Bai Qiao knows me?"

"Of course, King of Taking All the Credit."

"..."

"You can fool other people, but not me." Bai Qiao stared at Zhuo Yi and snorted. "But I also can't be bothered to expose your little tricks - everyone minds their own business. Besides, exposing you wouldn't do me any good. You have a lot of fans now; if I expose you online, they'll come after me."

Zhuo Yi: "..."

This second barb rendered Zhuo Yi silent.

Er Ha couldn't take it anymore - this girl's tongue was so poisonous.

It felt that as a loyal dog, it was time for it to show off the literary knowledge which it had accumulated in the human world.

Wasn't this just insulting people? Who wasn't capable of that?!

But Er Ha had yet to open its mouth when Bai Qiao stared at it. "You're the demon king from six years ago, aren't you? You barely landed before you were punched through the stomach. Now, you've become a spirit dog; not quite a demon, not quite a dog. You think you can argue with me just by learning a bit of human culture? 'Demons and ghosts,"to stand alone, to act in collusion,"to walk alone, to enlighten people'... You can't even sing the song Rare Words , can you 2 ?"

2(These are lyrics from the song, which is famous for using some of the most uncommon words in the Chinese language, and almost all of them are comprised of multi-stroke characters that are very difficult to write ..) "You..."

Er Ha cried and retreated into itself.

After making a jab at the third person, Bai Qiao then turned to look at Fang Xing. "You do have some skill, but you're still not as good as me. I know you, you're Immortal She Pi's son? Or a daughter? This really is a son and daughter!"

Zhuo Yi, Er Ha and Fang Xing all froze.

Could this girl be the legendary person who already knew what the script was like?

Finally, Bai Qiao's eyes turned to Wang Ling. "Don't think I'm afraid to insult you just because you're a pretty boy with fierce dead fish eyes. Why are you pretending to be weak? Who are you putting on a poker face for? Do you have any idea how strong you are yourself? All the strong people have gone off to save the world; you're the only one still in high school!"

Wang Ling: "..."

"Other people say that you're a rip-off of Saiki Kusuo - why don't you dye your hair pink and put lollipops on your head? What's so great about putting a talisman seal on yourself as a kid? Who did you seal the Three Thousand Great Dao away for? If you have the ability, just destroy the world! Don't screw around! Although I don't know you very well, gossip is a scary thing! As soon as you were born, you could already sit up in a pram - you copied someone else's setting and you still won't admit it?"

Wang Ling: "..."

"Forget about going to school. You don't have many lines in this book. You can obviously talk, but you insist on speaking telepathically to make yourself appear very low-key. So what if you can use the Three Thousand Great Dao? So what if you can cultivate? So what if you're omnipotent? You're just a mensao lurker who likes to do things behind the scenes. So what if you send ellipses - I can do that too!"

Wang Ling: "..."

"That's it, you've gone too far!"

Er Ha couldn't take it anymore as it slapped its paws together and stared at Boss Jin. "Can... can I beat up your daughter?!"

Boss Jin gave them a pained smile. "Do as you like..."

Right after that, Fang Xing, Zhuo Yi and Er Ha all lunged at her.

"Three small fry want to take me on?"

Bai Qiao sneered. At that moment, the ahoge on her head glowed and turned into a whip of light which lashed out.





Chapter 904 The Scabbard's Might


No one present had expected this 1v3 fight.

Bad enough she had a poisonous tongue, but Bai Qiao was far more irascible than they had expected. That long ahoge lashed out like a divine whip, instantly cutting Boss Jin's shop into two. Wang Ling unhurriedly pushed Boss Jin's and his shop assistant Ling Huan's heads down and helped them dodge Bai Qiao's attack.

At the same time, Wang Ling was rendered utterly speechless by this fightstyle which didn't even spare family.

"My shop! My merchandise! My priceless exorcism magic artifacts!" Looking at the mess in front of him, Boss Jin clasped his face, instantly turning into that world-famous painting "The Scream."

Fang Xing seized the opportunity to grab hold of Bai Qiao's ahoge. He could see that this was the key to fighting Bai Qiao. As long as he could keep the ahoge under control, there would be nothing Bai Qiao could do.

"If you think you can control me, think again." Bai Qiao didn't think much of Fang Xing at all and snorted.

The next moment, the ahoge on her head actually came off!

At the same time, a brand new one grew back on the top of her head.

And the broken hair that Fang Xing had grabbed vaporized, gradually turning into a ball of spirit energy that flowed away and vanished...

Zhuo Yi rushed forward. He had equipment from Wang Ling all over him, and he looked stronger than he actually was. Pushing off on his feet, he approached Bai Qiao in a flash, and light exploded forth from his gloves to bombard Bai Qiao.

But Bai Qiao didn't even lift her eyelids at such a violent attack.

"Too slow." Bai Qiao flicked the ahoge whip at Zhuo Yi, whose suit was directly ripped to shreds. He wasn't injured, however, as golden light completely blocked the remaining power of Bai Qiao's ahoge.

When the golden light dissipated, Bai Qiao saw Zhuo Yi in bright red long johns.

While she was feeling surprised at the long johns's strong defense, Er Ha also lunged at her.

"Basic Dog Skills! Ah, hit, hit, hit, hit, hit, hit!!!!!"

Er Ha held nothing back when it attacked. After a long period of cultivation, its "Basic Dog Skills" had already reached the highest level, and Er Ha could now throw a thousand punches a second!

"Bone King!" The instant Er Ha used its Dog Skills, it also took out its life bonded magic artifact. Bone King transformed into a pair of spiky gloves white as jade, which Er Ha wore on its paws.

For a moment, shadow punches exploded everywhere and shook the air.

Bai Qiao was slightly surprised at the astonishing frequency of the punches. The dog's performance was much better than she had imagined. It was clearly a demon king, but it could actually merge with an ordinary akita's body to this extent.

"Interesting." Bai Qiao smiled, and the ahoge on the top of her head suddenly split into countless strands of hair which swiftly stretched out to clash with the shadow punches all over the sky, her body radiating a frightening aura and spiritual pressure.

Bai Qiao's expression was unperturbed and relaxed. She didn't hide her aggression at all, and didn't give Er Ha any leeway in their fight.

The hair swung out like the three thousand strands of Buddha's hair, turning into countless afterimages that parried all the attacks and caused Er Ha to completely lose the will to fight.

In the end, the hair started to whip around faster and faster, and Er Ha sensed that it couldn't hold her off much longer!

Fang Xing frowned, his expression stern. "White Night Spell!"

In almost a split second, Fang Xing completely transformed, and ten snake scales shot out to chop up all of Bai Qiao's hair.

Boss Jin and Ling Huan now finally understood what Bai Qiao meant by "son and daughter"...

It turned out that this Brother Fang Xing was a magical girl!!

After her transformation, Fang Xing's aura and battle strength reached new heights, and Bai Qiao's expression finally changed.

A punch!

Fang Xing drew close so quickly that Bai Qiao was stupefied.

When Bai Qiao was hit, the sound of godly iron being struck rang out.

Bai Qiao was sent flying right out of the shop.

Only then did her expression finally turn serious.

The strongest person...

Sure enough, was that teenager inside.

It was only after she was blown out of the shop that Bai Qiao realized that she had been dragged into a layered space at some point, which was similar to an "otherworld." Any fighting that happened in this space layer wouldn't affect reality.

None of the three people she was currently fighting was capable of this technique.

The only person who was perhaps capable of this remarkable ability was that average-looking teenager in the shop.

When she had been roasting him before, Bai Qiao had had a rough idea of Wang Ling's identity, and knew that they were connected in countless ways.

But Bai Qiao realized that she had still underestimated Wang Ling's strength.

The moment the fight began, he had pulled everyone in the shop into a space layer. Furthermore, he had done it so discreetly that even she hadn't noticed.

Bai Qiao couldn't help paying attention to this godly ability

" Chi !"

At that moment, Fang Xing, who had used the White Night Spell to turn into a warrior goddess, pulled out that forty-meter broadsword in the air.

When it was drawn out, the blade slashed down with an astonishing sword light and tremendous spiritual pressure.

Bai Qiao took a deep breath, and the ahoge on the top of her head split into two, turning into a pair of huge hands that caught that forty-meter broadsword firmly in mid-air.

However, she was unable to hold steady in the air under that tremendous spiritual pressure, and she dropped slightly.

But she hadn't fallen into dire straits.

Bai Qiao moved the forty-meter broadsword aside with all her strength. Fang Xing was stunned when she realized that her blade was actually cracking from the strength of the ahoge.

"It's over." Bai Qiao smiled calmly at Fang Xing and took something out of her pocket.

Fang Xing thought it was going to be some magic artifact, but then saw this Miss Bai Qiao actually take out from her pocket a bottle of hair conditioner, which she had prepared beforehand, and pour the entire thing over her head.

The ahoge instantly absorbed the nutrients in the hair conditioner.

In a split second, everyone saw the ahoge on Bai Qiao's head grow like a godly tree at a visible and rapid rate until in the end, it actually turned into a golden ancient sword that glowed with a magical light!

"Not good!"

Fang Xing instinctively sensed the danger.

This spiritual pressure was overwhelmingly intimidating and was already no longer the oppression of a True Immortal.

Fang Xing was well aware that she might not be able to parry this sword strike.

Even if she didn't die, she would be laid up at home for half a month.

"Afraid? But it's too late." This Miss Bai Qiao had no intention of drawing back.

" Hu! "

She swung her ahoge, and like a god parting the sea, she chopped down at Fang Xing's head as the surrounding space crumbled inch by inch.

But the next moment, Bai Qiao's ahoge divine sword was actually blocked by a force and couldn't press forward anymore.

A figure had suddenly appeared under her sword.

It was a boy who didn't look more than ten years old, dressed in a brown tunic and white robe.

With just one small arm, he held off her attack...





Chapter 905 A Scene of Domestic Violence


"It's Lord Jingke!" Zhuo Yi got excited.

All eyes turned to the thin figure in the sky.

As always, the legendary lord of sword spirits demonstrated his powerful fighting strength - with just one arm, he parried an attack that even Fang Xing, as a warrior goddess, thought was hard to hold off.

On the ground, Boss Jin and his shop assistant Ling Huan were completely stupefied...

At that moment, they finally understood why this group of people were able to destroy Pen Fairy the instant the exorcism convention began...

Their strength wasn't in the same dimension at all.

"Boss..."

"Quiet, I need to calm down..."

At that moment, Boss Jin and his shop assistant took deep breaths.

When Jingke appeared in the sky, Bai Qiao stared blankly at his arrogant and imperious face. She frowned and secretly exerted all her strength, but realized that her ahoge divine sword wouldn't budge even an inch.

The boy was astonishingly strong!

But from his aura, he didn't seem that strong...

"Step aside, I don't hit children." Bai Qiao glared at Jingke, but there was a very strange feeling in her heart. She was the embodiment of heaven and earth, born of the sun and the moon. Thus, she had the power to comprehend all living things, which was why she could taunt everyone and say such poisonous words when she first arrived at the shop.

But there were two people she wasn't able to completely see through in all this time.

One was the teenager called Wang Ling.

While it sounded like she had taunted him with a lot of poisonous words, they were in fact superficial as she didn't completely understand the teenager.

And now there was another troublesome character, which was this kid who had suddenly appeared before her eyes.

Bai Qiao could vaguely sense how she and this child were connected.

But she was unwilling to admit it.

She was already used to being free and doing her own thing.

The world was so colorful and there were still so many games for her to play.

She didn't have time to play house with a little kid.

"Come back, with me." Jingke's eyes were fixed on Bai Qiao. That languid tone was the same as ever. He clearly had the body of a kid, but there was an unmistakable sense of authority in his voice.

Bai Qiao sneered. "Don't tell me what to do! I still have a lot of games to play today! There are still so many novels to read! My favorite author Kuxuan's new book The Only Koi in the Cultivation World is released today! I have to hurry up and subscribe to him! See him crossdress!"

Everyone was dumbstruck at this sort of lavish reason.

But in front of this haughty and tough female otaku, Jingke's expression didn't change from beginning to end. His dark gaze never wavered, which gave goosebumps Bai Qiao all over.

It was said that sword spirits resembled their masters; Bai Qiao could see that this kid looked exactly like his master who was watching the drama from down below.

That master wasn't easy to deal with, so naturally this sword spirit wouldn't be easy to deal with.

"Looks like I'll have to get serious, then." Bai Qiao sighed inwardly and her expression turned serious.

"Treasure House of Hair!"

The next moment, everyone saw this ahoge divine sword in the sky actually split into countless fine needles. Under Bai Qiao's control, thousands of fine needles rained down on Jingke.

Jingke had never let down his guard. He waved his sleeves, and two intersecting rays of sword light appeared in his small hands. All the fine hairs which fell like the Tang sect's Tempest Pear Blossom Needles 1 were broken by the brown protective sword light.

1(From the book "The Legend of Chu Liuxiang.") Zhuo Yi couldn't help saying, "From Miss Bai Qiao's reaction after Lord Jingke appeared, it doesn't look like she's ignorant about who he is. Yet every one of her moves when she attacks is deadly, targeting his vital parts..."

On the ground, Zhuo Yi, Er Ha and Fang Xing sweated as they watched.

This scene of "domestic violence" was truly terrifying.

This storm of hair needles hit the earth like thousands of meteors, making a mess of the ground and leaving devastation in its wake. Countless buildings for dozens of li around were instantly destroyed and turned into rubble, which was a frightening scene.

But this still wasn't all of Miss Bai Qiao's power.

Fang Xing was keenly aware that the other party's overall fighting strength was above True Immortal level.

But so was Lord Jingke's.

This was a battle between sword spirit and scabbard spirit - it would be very hard to predict the outcome until the very last moment.

However, while the situation looked uncertain, it was clear who was on the attack and who was on the defense.

Miss Bai Qiao's attacks were becoming more and more violent.

Their auras exploded, and each wave of spirit power which rippled out in all directions destroyed everything in its path, turning vegetation and houses all to dust. It was like the advent of doomsday. Their spirit power was so strong that it directly transformed into a tangible attack which destroyed everything.

Jingke was on the defense from beginning to end.

"What? You won't fight me?"

Miss Bai Qiao laughed wildly. She was suddenly enjoying the feeling of battle. She had been cooped up at home for too long - it wasn't a bad thing to get out once in a while and exercise her muscles and bones. She actually hadn't planned to be so hard on a kid, but for some reason, the more aggressively she fought, the more excited she felt.

At some point, she could no longer take her eyes off Jingke, and fierce obsession occupied her mind as the battle went on.

Actually, Wang Ling understood this type of plot very well. It was like your female deskmate at school who wanted to pinch your thigh all the time. You thought the girl was bullying you, and you even told the teacher. Actually, it was because the girl had a crush on you but didn't know how to express it in words. It was just like the boy in the back row who always pulled on the pigtails of the girl in front of him... So, after getting their thighs pinched, the majority of these inflexible men lost the chance at beautiful relationships...

Bai Qiao's feelings now were the same.

The more she attacked, the more she wanted to bully him!

"Ahoge, go!" Bai Qiao was full of fighting spirit. Her ahoge stretched forward to wrap Jingke up three times over.

Then, the ahoge on her head took off like a rocket, sending Jingke who had been wrapped up like a ball into outer space to make several loops around the Earth.

Finally, the ball dropped hard like a meteor...

"Not good!" Fang Xing sensed that things were bad; if this "meteor" fell, it would definitely be a huge calamity!

But right at that moment, Jingke's aura finally came out as a strong gravitational force was released from the "rice dumpling" ahoge-wrapped ball.

No one reacted at all.

On the other side, however, Bai Qiao was already flying forward with a miserable shriek.

By the time everyone came back to their senses, Bai Qiao's two white thighs were settled firmly on Jingke's shoulders...

Zhuo Yi: "This is...! 'Jingke Assassinates Emperor Qin'?"

Er Ha didn't understand. "But Miss Bai Qiao... doesn't have the most hair 2 !"

2(From way back in chapter 71, when the second way Jingke goes ballistic involves hairy legs hanging over the shoulders. Also as a reminder, Jingke is a historical Chinese figure well-known for his failed attempt to assassinate King Zheng, who later became China's first emperor, Emperor Qin ..) "No..."

Fang Xing shook her head and theorized emphatically, "The reason why Miss Bai Qiao's ahoge can stretch infinitely is probably because she has absorbed the nutrients from the rest of the hair on her body... Thus, Lord Jingke reckoned that the ahoge is also connected to her leg hair. Also, after this ahoge grows out, it's much longer than what all of us have!! If we put all our leg hair together, it still wouldn't be as long as a single ahoge of Miss Bai Qiao's, would it?"

Everyone was stunned.

There... there was still this type of operation...





Chapter 906 Natural Enemy


Any girl would find it utterly shameful to have her thighs held aloft, and Bai Qiao was no exception. She now couldn't care less about the battle and instead buried her face in her hands as she sunk into embarrassed bewilderment.

The last person to demonstrate this state was that book girl on the riverbank 1 . At that moment, their postures and expressions across time and space were practically identical, and Wang Ling couldn't help applauding admiringly in his heart.

1(Probably a reference to the Japanese light novel "Book Girl" or "Literature Girl .. ") It was clear that Miss Bai Qiao had lost because she forgot who she was; as a scabbard, she and Jingke shared the same origins, and their battle strength was in fact pretty much on par with each other. However, Miss Bai Qiao forgot her identity as a scabbard.

A scabbard existed to protect the sword.

But Bai Qiao had fought until she'd gone crazy just now - she'd gotten the order of things confused and had even intended to press this sword down under her. Jingke didn't have a choice except to activate his passive skill "Jingke Assassinates Emperor Qin"... This move in fact existed at the very beginning to limit the scabbard's strength.

The space layer dissipated, and everything nearby was restored. The moment the space layer was removed, the ruined world returned to its former state, as if nothing had happened; the shattered ground and the smell of gunpowder smoke on the battlefield all vanished.

Miss Bai Qiao pulled her legs up in her chair, arms around her knees. She was no longer noisy or vented her feelings, and had lost her initial air of arrogance. She just pulled her cap down very, very low on her head and began to sob to a beat. "Boohoo! Boohoo boohoo! Boohoo ah boohoo..."

Although she was sobbing, Miss Bai Qiao didn't shed a single tear.

"Is Miss Bai Qiao trying to say something?" Zhuo Yi scratched his head.

He suspected that she wasn't crying at all, but was trying to convey something. Who would cry in tune, like Morse code?! Wait... this was absolutely Morse sword code.

Standing next to her, Jingke translated with an expressionless face, "She says, she's too ashamed, to see anyone."

Wang Ling, Fang Xing and Er Ha: "..."

"Boohoo! Boohoo! Boohoo hoo!..."

"She says, she'll never, be my scabbard, even if, she's beaten up, and thrown down, from here."

"..."

"Boohoo hoo! Boohoo hoo! Boobooboo, hoohoohoo!"

"She says, there's no good ending, for a girl, to fall in love, with a younger man."

"..."

This actually wasn't the first time Miss Bai Qiao had cried. Usually when Boss Jin didn't buy her a game, she would act like this too. However, Boss Jin didn't understand a single word of Bai Qiao's Morse sword code at all.

In the end, despite Bai Qiao's extraordinary background, she was still a girl.

More often than not, there was some meaning to a girl's tears.

But things couldn't go on like this.

They couldn't ask anything this way, and they naturally had no way of understanding this Miss Bai Qiao's thoughts.

The only thing they knew was that Bai Qiao still loved city life and didn't want to return to being a docile scabbard.

They had gone to a lot of trouble to find the scabbard, and naturally, their goal was for the scabbard to return.

But they couldn't "force" someone else's daughter, either!

This was all about mutual consent!

"Miss Bai, if you cry like this, only Lord Jingke can understand you. You need to calm down, then state what you want, and we'll think of a way to resolve it together." Zhuo Yi persuaded her patiently.

He then pushed Fang Xing forward.

Fang Xing: "???"

Zhuo Yi: "Student Fang Xing... Lord Jingke's happiness is also tied to shifu's happiness. Your male form is the kind girls like the most - it's all up to you!"

To be honest, Fang Xing didn't want to do it at first.

He was actually someone who could hold a grudge, and he had been very annoyed when Bai Qiao had ridiculed his gender earlier.

The "White Night Spell" was a unique spell which he had inherited from his father; he couldn't do anything about the fact that he changed genders when he used the spell. To actually use this point right away in a personal attack on him caused Fang Xing's impression of Miss Bai Qiao to drop into the negatives from the very beginning.

But Zhuo Yi's words reminded him.

A sword took after its master.

A spirit sword and its master had always shared an inextricable bond since ancient times.

It was like the daughters of noble houses who had servant girls in the olden days; they would naturally care for the welfare of their servant girls. If the latter lived well, these noble ladies would also be happy.

So, all this was for Wang Ling's honor!

Thus, Fang Xing took a breath, then bit the bullet and walked forward.

"Miss Bai Qiao, if there's something you're unhappy about, you can tell me - you can lean on my chest." Fang Xing flipped his blonde hair and held out a gentlemanly hand to Bai Qiao.

Several minutes later, Bai Qiao stopped sobbing. She then looked up at Fang Xing with a vacuous expression.

Everyone was exultant at this scene.

It actually worked?

When all was said and done, she was still a girl!

Zhuo Yi was secretly delighted, but just as he was sighing over the fact that Fang Xing was indeed a ladykiller, who would have thought that Bai Qiao would suddenly slap Fang Xing's hand aside. "Go away! I won't talk to a shitty tranny!"

Fang Xing (╬̄ ̄): "You're dead..."

"Student Fang Xing, calm down!" Zhuo Yi hurried forward and held Fang Xing back by his waist.

"Let me go! I'm going to fight it out with her today!"

"..."

Everyone knew that Fang Xing's heart had crumbled at that moment.

Everyone had their own share of pain.

And while Fang Xing was helpless to do anything about his share, it was in the end something which his father had given to him.

For a moment, the room fell silent.

Bai Qiao knew what she had said was wrong, and she pressed her face to her knees again.

It was just as Boss Jin had said - Bai Qiao was unruly from being raised and spoilt by Boss Jin all these years. Also, her poisonous tongue seemed to be something that came about from her getting angry at her weakass teammates in a game, and which was now a habit for her.

Calling someone a "shitty tranny" was indeed out of line.

But it had actually been unintentional; she just hadn't wanted Fang Xing to get close to her just now... she never thought she would blurt out the phrase "shitty tranny."

"Miss Bai Qiao, since things have already come to this point, there's no harm in speaking plainly - is there anything you want?" Zhuo Yi stared at Bai Qiao and said, "Actually, you going back doesn't mean that you'll lose your freedom. You can still play whatever game you want; no one is going to put restrictions on you. However, you can't forget that you and Lord Jingke are one."

"I can ask for anything?"

"Anything." Zhuo Yi nodded.

Raising her head, Bai Qiao instantly brightened up. "I want to develop a game!"





Chapter 907 Bai Qiao's Game


Bai Qiao's wish was surprisingly unusual, but it wasn't unachievable. After the exorcism convention, Boss Jin received a massive sum of prize money. He was extraordinarily good to his wild daughter, even though in Bai Qiao's eyes, Boss Jin this daddy was nothing but a means for her own enjoyment...

After the negotiation, Bai Qiao signed a new agreement with Wang Ling: as long as he could fulfill her wish to develop a game, she would be willing to return with him.

But now there was another problem.

Everyone here was good at playing games, but not at making them... Games didn't just require a high level of creativity - the level of scrutiny had progressively increased in recent years, and many new games weren't even able to obtain license approvals from the relevant body, all of them ultimately rotting away in the hands of the game companies.

In exchange for these huge investment costs, the games couldn't even be released - for the time being, game companies big and small on the market were caught in a dilemma.

So, the question was what kind of game they should make. Large game companies like Horseguin and NetHard 1 dominated the top rankings with games like MOBA and PUBG. If they developed a similar type of game, it would be very hard to steal a piece of this pie.

1(A riff on Tencent's penguin mascot and Chinese game company NetEase ..) But before even getting that far, no matter how exquisitely made a game was, small game companies couldn't compare with established companies in terms of server operations and maintenance - as soon as a huge number of users flooded the server, it would most likely crash.

But Bai Qiao already had her own ideas about the game design. If a new game wanted to gain a foothold in the game market monopoly, creativity would be a key factor.

It was August 29th, the sixteenth day of the summer vacation. Wang Ling's room had never been this lively with so many people. Wang Ming, who had been pushed around for a long time in the lab by Zhai Yin, had also come... however, it wasn't Wang Ming himself who came, but the mecha armor he was controlling remotely, Wang Ling Two.

After the trip to Beast King's Remains the last time, the latest Wang Ling Two had been upgraded and modified using Wang Ling One as the base. Not only could it be used in battle via long-range control, it could also be recalled at a click to combine with the original body. Most crucially, Wang Ling Two already had basic artificial intelligence and thus had its own consciousness.

That was to say, Wang Ling Two's current capability was already very close to that of the advanced clone "Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch" which Wang Ling had created by using the Great Separation Spell. Wang Ling Two's memories would also synchronize with Wang Ming's brain. The only difference was that Wang Ling Two wasn't as strong as Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch.

In the room, Er Ha, Jingke, Xiao Yin, Lord Thunder and Wang Ling Two surrounded Bai Qiao in a circle.

"Tell us your ideas for the design first; you can leave the rest to me after that." When Wang Ling Two this artificial human replica spoke, it was with Wang Ming's distinct voice.

"I want to design a cultivation simulation sandbox game with a high degree of freedom!" Bai Qiao's face brightened when the subject of games was brought up, and her eyes seemed to shine with light. "I'm going to call it 'Cultivation Emulator.' Characters, spells, cultivation arts, magic artifacts... including the world itself, everyone can set the parameters themselves. Players don't operate characters, but an entire world - they have to consider the power balance between forces and maintain order in the world. To ensure that the world you create can develop in a sustainable way - this is the key to this game!"

"So the main point of the game is to run a whole world? Will in-game purchases be possible?" Xiao Yin asked. As another fan of games, he had played some of the top-ranking games in the months that he had been living at Lord Thunder's place, and whatever he could spend on, he would! The one he hated the most was "Dungeon & Devils." He was rendered speechless by the game's weapon upgrade system - he had even thrown in his food delivery money, but still couldn't upgrade his weapons no matter what.

Later, after Xiao Yin watched some online videos, he found out that those who had successfully upgraded their weapons had been kowtowing on the side as it happened - they used their foreheads to click the mouse to demonstrate their sincerity...

"There won't be any in-game purchases; it's an absolutely fair game. In order to make money, however, we can instead design trendy fashion to sell."

"Will wearing trendy clothes add to your attributes? Like an extra 10 ATK?" Xiao Yin raised his hand and asked.

"No."

Bai Qiao resolutely shook her head.

"What about the power struggle?"

"That will automatically take place depending on the design parameters and the basic characters. For example, you can pre-set how many major forces your world will have, the distribution of power, and so on. However, the composition and size of the force will depend on character parameters. As for each character's talents, attributes, personality and so on... the player can freely design all these at the beginning.

"Based on their attributes and personalities, these characters will develop freely in the world and finally form their own forces according to the pre-installed script. Players won't have any control over this, which is why the characters' personalities have to be defined right from the start."

"Can we set up a world without any villains?" Er Ha asked.

"You can! In this free cultivation world, the player is god. Of course it's fine if you want to create a perfect world without any evil. However, whether a world like that can continue to run is another matter. You've heard the story of the catfish and sardines, right? A civilization grows in strife. If there is no pursuit of or desire to change, the world itself will not progress," Bai Qiao said.

Wang Ling Two nodded. "I have a rough idea of what you want now. However, we still need a sandbox game template and some basic programming parameters. I need some real data as reference."

Right after Wang Ming said that, Book of Sage Immortal suddenly spoke up before Wang Ling could say a word. "I calculate that there's a 98% chance that my lord will have me search for a suitable world and imitate its parameters."

Wang Ling: "..."

"Can a super outdated tablet like you do that?" Bai Qiao's eyes sparkled.

"Yes, Miss Bai Qiao! It's very easy!" Book of Sage Immortal replied.

Book of Sage Immortal then projected an image of a blue and brown planet. "These are the parameters for Earth in the tenth universe from six hundred million years ago. Miss Bai Qiao can create the characters now; I'll combine them with this tenth universe, and extrapolating from that, simulate the future development of the world.

"Not just Miss Bai Qiao, but everyone here can also try creating your own characters. Let's see what sort of impact they'll have on the world in the future..."

Saying this, Book of Sage Immortal turned to look at Wang Ling. "My lord, would you like to create the first character?"

Book of Sage Immortal was well aware that in the end, its master was Wang Ling. Giving Wang Ling first priority in creating a character was giving him face, and there was a 78% chance that its lord wouldn't smash it to bits...





Chapter 908 Cultivation Emulator and the Father of Cultivation


The funding and servers weren't a problem. As for the specific design of the game, Wang Ming would recreate the world's foundation and algorithms based on the outcomes of Book of Sage Immortal's trial simulation.

It was just a game. Wang Ming had created so many fantastic magic artifacts over the years; even Head of State 001, the human replica magic artifact which was used for combat, was his creation. Designing these scientific cultivation magic artifacts was far harder than designing a game.

After they had settled on a direction, the key now was the trial simulation.

Gazing at the image projected by Book of Sage Immortal, Wang Ling became lost in thought.

To be frank, he wasn't sure what kind of character to create.

At that moment, Wang Ming, who was operation Wang Ling Two remotely, suddenly said, "Looks like Ling Ling is still thinking about it. How about we recreate the world first? What is the world like in the tenth universe?"

Book of Sage Immortal replied, "Each universe is slightly different, but though the level of cultivation civilization varies, most of them have already entered an era of universal cultivation."

An era of universal cultivation.

While it sounded amazing, this wasn't something anyone could have imagined tens of thousands of years ago.

It was the father of cultivation who was the first person in the universe to discover the existence of spirit qi and walk down the cultivation path after turning it into spirit energy. The rumor was that it was also the father of cultivation who discovered and developed the Three Thousand Great Dao.

But historians had argued since ancient times about the identity of the father of cultivation; there was even a small group who believed that there was no such person.

They argued that from the moment a universe was born, there were already cultivators.

But they were an advanced race who were very few in number. They lived very low-profile lives, and passed on the cultivation arts from generation to generation. With the gradual spread of cultivation all over the world, the number of cultivators increased, and after tens of thousands of years, the world finally entered an era of universal cultivation.

The truth was that both sides had their arguments.

Wang Ming believed in the view of a father of cultivation.

Above True Immortal level was True Venerated, then Venerated Immortal, then Venerated Daoist... Then what was above that? Could there be a more powerful realm? Then, could the person with the greatest realm be the legendary "father of cultivation"?

Or perhaps he wasn't the father of cultivation at all?

Perhaps he could be called the Immortal King?

Wang Ming smiled. "Since the ten universes have all already entered an era of universal cultivation, then can we try creating a world with few cultivators?"

Everyone present was startled by this question.

"A world with few cultivators? Brother Ming, what do you mean?" asked Zhuo Yi.

"I'm talking about a world still dominated by regular people, and where only a small portion of the population is made up of cultivators. Furthermore, the cultivators have something like a pact where they can't expose their identities as cultivators to regular people; if they violate this agreement, they'll suffer heavenly punishment."

Wang Ming said: "Just imagine - if such a world exists, will the cultivators who live in the cracks ultimately be able to overtake the regular people and lead the world into an era of universal cultivation?"

"So is this the comeback of spirit qi..."

"No, spirit qi does exist in the world, and so do cultivators. What I want to know is, if 99% of the world is made up of regular people and 1% of cultivators, can this 1% thoroughly overtake this 99% with time?" said Wang Ming.

At this question, Wang Ling sunk into silence for a while.

On the other hand, Miss Bai Qiao suddenly laughed; she had never considered this before.

"Cultivation Emulator" was a sandbox simulation cultivator game which gave players a high degree of autonomy in creating a cultivation world; indeed, that sort of situation was possible - who said that the world had to be dominated by cultivators to begin with?

Bai Qiao thought this was a very interesting proposal. "This sounds like an interesting world. In any case, it's just a simulation; maybe we can give it a try. Then, let's use this as the parameters for setting up this world."

"So, can this be considered the world of my dreams?" Wang Ming also laughed.

"That's right, the world's parameters have to be sorted out at the very beginning, like the proportion of cultivators to regular people, the men to women ratio, the initial world population and so on. Once the basic parameters are set, the game will officially begin."

After receiving this first instruction, Book of Sage Immortal immediately set up the simulation.

After putting the parameters of the world in order, Book of Stage Immortal pulled them up in front of everyone.

[World: A barren cultivation world]

[Age of the World: 4.8 billion years]

[Regular People/Cultivator Ratio: 99/1]

[Civilization: Modern]

[Level of Education: Nine Years of Compulsory Education]

[World Mode: Peaceful Development]

[Power Index: 1231]

...

Book of Sage Immortal: "You can now all design your own characters. They'll be born in this world, but how long they can live for and how much of an impact they will have on the world will depend on exactly how they are used once they enter the world."

After that, character attribute charts appeared in front of everyone.

These were the basic attributes that could be freely altered.

The characters' appearances could also be modified.

Looking at Jingke, Bai Qiao created a similar-looking character, but it was a girl.

"All finished! A crossdressing version of Jingke! Hiahiahia!" Miss Bai Qiao was very pleased with herself.

"Wow! They really look alike!" Zhuo Yi complimented her. "But Miss Bai Qiao... this looks just like yours and Lord Jingke's kid!"

Bai Qiao instantly blushed. "Who - who'll have a kid with him?!"

Gritting her teeth, she made the character's hair longer, then added an ahoge on the top of the character's head as she quickly corrected herself. "It doesn't look like him! I'm making a character of myself!"

And so, Bai Qiao's character profile was the following:

Character name: Bai Ge

Gender: Female

Intelligence growth factor: 8/10

Endurance growth factor: 8/10

Defense growth factor: 8/10

Strength growth factor: 8/10

Physique growth factor: 10/10

Appearance growth factor: 10/10

Good value: 10/10

Evil value: 0/10

Personality: Dumb

"Why is everything 8, apart from appearance and physique?" asked Er Ha.

"I already said I was making a character of myself, so of course the appearance and physique has to be like mine! As for everything else, I'm the strongest! There is no way any other girl in the world can be stronger than me!"

Everyone: "..."

"Master, what kind of person are you going to design?" Xiao Yin curiously asked at that moment.

Wang Ling was looking at the chart; he already had some idea in mind.

He started to create his own character.

Character Name: Qin Zong 1 ...

1(The protagonist of the author's new novel "The Cultivation World's Only Koi .. ")





Chapter 909 The World Created By God


The character Wang Ling created was quite unique.

Everyone looked at the data for Group Favorite Wang's character.

Character name: Qin Zong

Gender: Male

Intelligence growth factor: 2/10

Endurance growth factor: 2/10

Defense growth factor: 2/10

Strength growth factor: 2/10

Physique growth factor: 2/10

Appearance growth factor: 2/10

Good value: 5/10

Evil value: 5/10

Luck value: 10/10

Personality: Both good and bad, Zen, carefree, vivacious

"Master designed an ordinary person! But his luck is off the charts!" Xiao Yin thought this was very interesting. When it ran the simulation, Book of Sage Immortal would automatically classify a character with a growth factor under 3 as an ordinary person.

These character attributes weren't set in stone and could be added to at any time. You could even choose not to set the intelligence growth factor; thus, when the character appeared in the world, it would be as a handicapped person.

Everyone created their own characters.

Wang Ming had always longed to walk the cultivation path and envied Wang Ling for this, so he created a cultivator character for himself and maxed out all its attributes.

Lord Thunder set himself up as a mighty botanist who would successfully develop pea shooters to fight the zombies in the future zombie apocalypse.

...

While everyone was in the midst of preparations, Zhuo Yi suddenly thought of something. "Will these characters we've created develop their own consciousness in this game world we're setting up?"

At that moment, Wang Ming said, "Relatively speaking, they're just a bunch of data for us. However, given the high degree of autonomy in this sandbox game, these game characters living in it could have their own consciousness. We control them on the surface, but they also strive to grow within their pre-set lives in this world."

"Sounds a bit complicated." Zhuo Yi frowned.

"Let me put it simply." Wang Ming said, "Just like how we might be called gods when we create these game characters, have you ever thought that there might be a god who created us? A pair of eyes might be watching us even now as we speak..."

Everyone in the room abruptly couldn't help shuddering.

"Shit! You scared me!" Er Ha felt all its fur stand on end.

"My fault, I shouldn't have brought up such a scary topic." Zhuo Yi wiped the sweat on his forehead.

Actually, scientific research on this had existed earlier on, but broaching this topic again now was still terrifying.

But the atmosphere in the room turned lively with this discussion.

Wang Ling gazed out the window in a slightly absent-minded way.

"A world created by a god..." Wang Ling murmured.

Although his voice was very soft, Xiao Yin and Fang Xing heard him clearly.

They had long realized that it wasn't that Wang Ling didn't speak, but that there were times when he didn't want to, and just liked to stare at the screen... this was a mensao master.

But no one knew that in that moment that Wang Ling was being absent-minded, something frightening was happening.

...

It was Sunday August 29th, the sixteenth day of the summer vacation.

A brand new game called "Cultivation Emulator" entered the lives of the students on summer break.

The highly autonomous playstyle and the feeling of being the god who pulled the strings behind the scenes attracted scores of beta players: one minute after the game's release, ten thousand gift cards for permanent beta accounts were all snatched up, the frenzy double that of the 11/11 flash sales1.

1(An annual online sale event in China held on November 11th.) Daoist Guang advertised it extensively in his live stream room.

After some circulation and promotion on the live stream platform, Daoist Guang had now become the number one live streamer on the number one live stream platform, setting a new record with an all-time high of an average of thirty million online users per minute.

"Many thanks to Brother Guang for promoting the game this time!" In the group, Lord Thunder sent a grinning emoji and expressed his thanks to Daoist Guang.

"It was nothing, Brother Thunder, it was no effort at all. But this game is really interesting. When I played it for a bit in the live stream room just now, the number of subscribers had already broken a million. And this is just the data for one platform. Looking at all the gaming platforms put together, it won't be hard at all to break ten million in the next few days." Daoist Guang laughed. "Just nice, PUBG's popularity dropped recently, and I was looking for another game to play. With the release of Cultivation Emulator, it might become the craze."

There were a lot of reasons for a game to become a hit, and Cultivation Emulator trumped in terms of creativity.

Of course, there was another important reason, which was that it just happened to be the summer break and the students had nothing to do at home.

Chen Chao was extremely excited in the small class group.

He and Guo Hao were fanatic gamers to begin with.

There weren't any previews for Cultivation Emulator, but videos of Daoist Guang's trial run had been recorded and uploaded by Light Chasers to major video websites, which was just as good publicity as a game trailer PV.

"This game's pretty good!" Chen Chao sent several excited emojis in the group. "I was so bored I actually started playing DNF again... In the end, after my weapon upgrade failed, I lost the mood to play!"

"Weapon upgrade... How much did you spend?" Guo Hao couldn't help asking.

"I spent more than ten thousand in one week! I used up one tenth of my New Year money!"

"..." Wang Ling's lips thinned involuntarily when he saw this.

Why was his classmate so rich?

Saying that, Chen Chao sighed. "But I have a feeling that this Cultivation Emulator will definitely be a hit!"

When Wang Ling saw Chen Chao's message on his screen, he instantly knew the game was set... .

Chen Chao: "But how annoying! They have so little beta accounts! I tried snapping one up earlier, but they were all gone before the website finished loading! Guo Hao, do you have an uncle who works in a game company? Think of a way to get us two accounts!"

Guo Hao: "You bet, I really do!"

Chen Chao: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Guo Hao: "But the game creator isn't a company; it's an independent creator with the ID Mr Wang. My uncle already used his connections to question some of the game company bosses, but they all said that they didn't know this creator. The only way now is to buy the beta accounts at a high price, but I heard that the price is already over ten thousand - plus, it's just going to get higher and higher."

"Mr Wang?" Chen Chao was delighted. "Maybe it was Wang Ling or a relative of his who made this game?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Chen Chao: "Wang Ling, I know you're looking at the screen. Aren't you going to say something?"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 910 Another Angler


At the same time that night on top of the Holy Pillar in the demon world, Second Generation Demon Saint was looking into his crystal magic ball when all his scales stood on end; a bad feeling shot straight through the depths of his soul, and with a crack, the magic ball in Second Generation Demon Saint's hand suddenly broke apart.

"Demon Saint's magic ball actually broke... This is an ominous sign!" On the side, Sage Master Shen Wuyue had an astounded look on his face. As the Sage Master who had assisted successive generations of Demon Saint, Shen Wuyue naturally knew what this meant.

The magic ball had cracked once before during First Generation Demon Saint's time. It had just been a minor crack, but First Generation Demon Saint had gotten hemorrhoids the next day, and the toilet bowl had been filled with his blood.

The last time the magic ball had cracked was during the appearance of that powerful mystery person who had sent out the kun on a fishing line to explore each space. The angler's identity at that time had been quite mysterious, but now they had already confirmed who he was: Wang Zhen, from the Domain of the Gods.

But this time, the magic ball was even more thoroughly broken, and actually split into eight parts...

"Old Shen... what's going on?" Second Generation Demon Saint was a little panicky, fine beads of sweat instantly trickling down his forehead; he had never encountered this situation before.

Staring at the broken magic ball, Shen Wuyue was lost in silence for a while. To be honest, he too had never encountered this situation before - now, they could only rely on the handbook left behind by First Generation Demon Saint to diagnose the situation.

Shen Wuyue hastily flipped through the Demon Saint Codex from cover to cover.

Second Generation Demon Saint was clearly anxious as he watched on the side.

Second Generation Demon Saint: "How is it?"

Shen Wuyue muttered, "Ball in eight parts, chrysanthemum will be ruined."

Second Generation Demon Saint: "..."

For a time, the palace at the top of the Holy Pillar fell into a long silence.

Whether this "chrysanthemum will be ruined" was true or not, what was certain was that they couldn't escape the misfortune.

"If my chrysanthemum is going to be ruined, there's nothing to be afraid of." Second Generation Demon Saint smiled. "My lower half is a fish tail; I don't have a 'chrysanthemum' at all."

"..."

Shen Wuyue furrowed his brow. "But Lord Demon Saint, you must take this seriously. Since ancient times, the magic ball breaking has never been a good thing. Because the former Demon Saint didn't take it seriously, he suffered a huge calamity in the end."

In the end, as soon as he said that, the temple in Demon Saint's palace shuddered fiercely all of a sudden, and web-like fissures appeared in the air!

It was accompanied by a powerful aura!

This was an extremely familiar scene for both Second Generation Demon Saint and Shen Wuyue! They recalled when that multi-fanged kun appeared in the palace previously!

"Lord Demon Saint, watch out!" Shen Wuyue kicked him away and stood in front of him as a shield.

With a "pu," Second Generation Demon Saint spewed out a mouthful of blood.

At that moment, as the crack opened in the air, a three-headed, nine-tailed phoenix flew out.

"Phoenix?"

Second Generation Demon Saint stared at it.

Shen Wuyue shook his head. "No! This phoenix has teeth and nine plume feathers in the colors of the rainbow. This is a prehistoric Three-Headed Phoenix!"

"... Another extinct divine beast?" Second Generation Demon Saint was stupefied - he never thought that his palace would be a magnet for divine beasts!

"RUA!!"

Before they came back to their senses, this three-headed phoenix that had come out of nowhere straightaway spewed raging flames from its mouth!

"The Rainbow Divine Fire!" Shen Wuyue was so frightened that all his hair stood on end, and he kicked Demon Saint away for a second time. "Watch out, Lord Demon Saint!!!"

"???" Second Generation Demon Saint was sent flying by the kick as he coughed up more blood. His sternum was already cracked after the two flying kicks...

"How dare you, evil creature!"

Having dealt with a prehistoric vicious kun before, Shen Wuyue was unafraid when confronting the Three-Headed Phoenix this time. He took off his antlers and threw them!

The antlers spun rapidly and turned into two sharp boomerangs which hurtled at the phoenix like electric saws.

Shen Wuyue used his mind to exercise maximum control over the antlers - these were a trait of his clan, which had been refined into his life bonded magic artifact and couldn't be destroyed by water or fire.

However, Shen Wuyue was still a little intimidated by the fact that his opponent was the Three-Headed Phoenix.

In legend, the Rainbow Divine Fire was a powerful divine fire created from the divine fire in the sun's core merging with the Three-Headed Phoenix clan's power of the phoenix. Even if you were immortal or indestructible, as soon as you were touched by this fire, nothing would put it out until you were burned down to ashes!

"But why would the Three-Headed Phoenix appear here?" Shen Wuyue racked his brain but couldn't think why. The sudden appearance of both this Three-Headed Phoenix and the prehistoric vicious kun from last time could be described as utterly unfathomable.

Their Demon Saint's Palace was quickly becoming a protection center for rare beasts...

"Shen Wuyue, this phoenix..."

After being kicked twice, Second Generation Demon Saint gradually came back to his senses at that moment and slowly got to his feet. He wanted to ask about the Three-Headed Phoenix, but given the urgent battle situation, Shen Wuyue had no attention to spare Demon Saint.

The Three-Headed Phoenix swooped down with a cry which swept over everything with a terrifying, unearthly force, and the antler boomerangs were straightaway forced out of their original path.

"Watch out, Lord Demon Saint! The phoenix's cry can enthrall you! You have to shut your ears!" Shen Wuyue bellowed. But it seemed that Second Generation Demon Saint had already been affected. He gripped his head and took some wobbly steps as if he was imitating some actress's performance in the famous skit "Haiwa Died 1 "!

1(Referring to Huang Shengyi's exaggerated acting on the variety show "The Birth of An Actor .. ") "Lord Demon Saint!" Seeing this situation, Shen Wuyue gave a third kick.

Given how critical the situation was, it would take too long to use magic to get rid of the effects - rather, physical correction would work wonders.

Kicked a third time, Second Generation Demon Saint sprayed out a mouthful of blood once again.

This was the largest mouthful, which was like a fountain that was horrifying to see.

After the third kick, Shen Wuyue realized that this fight couldn't be dragged out and he needed to settle it quickly! If things went on like this, Lord Demon Saint wouldn't be able to hold on before they dealt with the Three-Headed Phoenix!

This useless Demon Saint... Shen Yue was the one fighting, but ultimately Demon Saint was the one spitting out the most blood.

Forget it...

Shen Wuyue sighed in disappointment.

Fixing his gaze on the Three-Headed Phoenix in front of him, his expression finally turned serious.

Shen Wuyue seldom revealed his true appearance. However, at this critical juncture, he had no other option. Demon Saint's Palace had now become the number one target of foreign invaders - how shameful was this for his mighty Demon Saint's Holy Palace?

Whether or not there was anyone behind the scenes looking to attack Demon Saint's Holy Palace, intentionally or otherwise, Shen Wuyue thought that as the Sage Master who had been assisting all the Demon Saints until now, he had to take a stand.

It wasn't as if there wasn't anyone in the demon world!

There was Lord Demon Saint!

And him, Shen Wuyue!

At that thought, Shen Wuyue directly swallowed the antlers that he had taken off to use as boomerangs.

An aura of a prehistoric beast came flooding down, which abruptly scared the Three-Headed Phoenix into actually dropping a few of its tail feathers.





Chapter 911 Kydeer


"Old Shen, you..."

Second Generation Demon Saint clutched his chest. His qi and blood were boiling because of those kicks from a friendly force; a little more and he would be dead. But at that moment, the explosive aura on the battlefield made his fishtail tremble lightly.

He blanked out for a long moment at what he was seeing.

It was Second Generation Demon Saint's first time seeing Shen Wuyue's beast form.

Apart from the word "beautiful," he didn't know what other words he could use to describe the scene in front of him.

Shen Wuyue had become taller, and even the wrinkles on his face had disappeared; his doddering appearance had transformed in one go.

He had become incomparably elegant, with long silver-white hair which fell down to his ankles. Dark green scales covered his shoulders to his collarbones, and there was a red mark set in his forehead like a gem which proclaimed Shen Wuyue's current identity.

Second Generation Demon Saint suddenly understood. No wonder Shen Wuyue had always refused to appear in his beast form in front of anyone!

Shen Wuyue was the descendant of the kydeer, which was a hybrid of the prehistoric divine deer and prehistoric kylin!

Since ancient times, prehistoric divine beast cross-breeds had never been treated kindly by either clans; the divine beast tribe regarded them as heresies and a species which should never have existed.

It was an indisputable fact, however, that divine beast cross-breeds often had very strong fighting capabilities.

But divine beasts had already been extinct for a very long time. Second Generation Demon Saint had thought that Shen Wuyue was just a rare deer divine beast, and never expected him to be a kydeer.

Naturally, as a kydeer, it wasn't just Shen Wuyue's character and fighting strength which transformed, but his gender as well.

This was a big reason why Shen Wuyue had refused to reveal his true form all this time.

His eyes were fixed on Second Generation Demon Saint. After his age was stripped away, Shen Wuyue's gaze in this form was actually rather tender and soft, and Second Generation Demon Saint's heart stirred like the ripples caused by a spring breeze.

Not good...

This was...

Second Generation Demon Saint turned red - he was actually blushing from his own Sage Master's gaze!

The important thing was that he was clearly aware that Shen Wuyue was a man!

"Not counting you, I've led two Demon Saints. From your aura, you seem to be the weakest." Shen Wuyue opened his mouth unhurriedly, and even his voice had become very pleasant-sounding.

Second Generation Demon Saint: "..."

Shen Wuyue: "A mere Three-Headed Phoenix actually injured you to this extent."

Demon Saint's lips twitched at these words.

Why was he hurt so badly?

Shen Wuyue, don't tell me that you don't know why in your heart!

After that, Shen Wuyue gazed into the distance. The Three-Headed Phoenix in the air had been observing him since the beginning. It had been so intimidated by Shen Wuyue's aura after the latter's kydeer transformation that it even dropped some of its feathers.

"The Three-Headed Phoenix clan has long since died out; I never expected it to reappear now." Shen Wuyue stared at the Three-Headed Phoenix, then stretched out a snow-white hand toward the sky. "Evil creature, hurry up and come down!"

With a wave of invisible spirit power, Shen Wuyue stretched forth to grab the Three-Headed Phoenix. It was so scared that with a trill, it spat out Rainbow Divine Fire, but Shen Wuyue wasn't the least bit afraid as he met the fire head-on.

The kydeer's protective skin was extremely tough, and there basically wasn't any fire in the world it was afraid of, including the Three-Headed Phoenix's Rainbow Divine Flame!

The Rainbow Divine Fire burned Shen Wuyue's hand front and back, but he didn't feel the slightest pain.

The palm which Shen Wuyue stretched forth had spirit power as tremendous as the sea, and the Three-Headed Phoenix was firmly imprisoned in his hand like a birdcage, similar to Buddha imprisoning the nine-headed golden eagle 1 . No matter how the Three-Headed Phoenix struggled, it was useless; Shen Wuyue gripped it firmly in his hand.

1(From "Journey to the West..") "I thought it would be some awesome evil creature, but it turns out the Three-Headed Phoenix is just so-so." Shen Wuyue played with the Three-Headed Phoenix in his hands, folding and unfolding its wings and twisting its three heads together like a fried dough twist as if he was playing with a paper crane.

The Three-Headed Phoenix was thoroughly silenced as it was forced to suppress its rage and allow Shen Wuyue to play around with it.

Capturing the Three-Headed Phoenix with one hand...

He was too strong!

Behind Shen Wuyue, Second Generation Demon Saint was astounded at this sight.

He never expected there to be such a big difference before and after Shen Wuyue's transformation!

Even a magical girl transformation couldn't surpass this!

"An adult Three-Headed Phoenix might be a little stronger. This one is still young and can't even speak. How boring." After playing for a while, Shen Wuyue was bored. He placed the Three-Headed Phoenix on his shoulder, and it didn't dare move so much as an inch.

Second Generation Demon Saint was excited. "Old Shen..."

"Want to praise me? Or are you going to give me a prize?" Shen Wuyue smiled.

"Old Shen, your gender..."

"I'm male. And right now, this is my second personality. My appearance might have changed a lot, but I still have a penis."

"Oh..."

Second Generation Demon Saint sighed in his heart and couldn't help the disappointed look on his face.

"My current form will last for a while until the antlers I ate grow back." Shen Wuyue pursed his lips. "It's because Shen Yiyue is too stubborn - actually, there's no harm in calling me out if he does run into an enemy he can't defeat. In any case, when the antlers grow again, our personalities will switch back."

"Shen Yiyue?"

"That's what I call the first personality. He calls me Eryue. You can call me that, too." Shen Eryue narrowed his eyes and his lips curved up in a splendid smile.

This was the first time Second Generation Demon Saint realized that a man could smile so beautifully!

When it came to his experience of becoming Second Generation Demon Saint, it was purely because he had been cheated by First Generation Demon Saint... If the latter hadn't deliberately frightened him into pissing at the bottom of the Holy Pillar, the Holy Pillar wouldn't have forced him to become Second Generation Demon Saint!

What was the most painful thing about being Demon Saint?

For Second Generation Demon Saint, it wasn't managing and maintaining order in all of the demon world — it was that he didn't have a sense of freedom!

The Holy Pillar restricted his range of movements. Before the next Demon Saint was found, he could only spend the rest of his life in Demon Saint's Palace on top of the Holy Pillar.

Thus, Second Generation Demon Saint had initially been extremely bitter about becoming Demon Saint.

Never mind the fact that he didn't have any freedom; even his only companion was Shen Wuyue, that boring and pedantic old man who always liked to undermine his authority in front of outsiders.

But now, Second Generation Demon Saint suddenly realized...

Even if he spent his entire life in Demon Saint's Palace, that didn't seem so bad!

At the very least, a transformed Shen Eryue was a boy who was very easy on the eyes.

Although, it was a bit of a pity that he wasn't a girl!

But at the very least, he was a lot better than that boring Shen Yiyue!

"Where did this Three-Headed Phoenix come from?" Second Generation Demon Saint asked.

Shen Wuyue turned his eyes to the Three-Headed Phoenix on his shoulder, who had already been thoroughly tamed.

The little guy chirped a few times. Although it didn't speak human language, Shen Eryue still understood it. "He said he's from beyond the Domain of the Gods."

"Beyond the Domain of the Gods?"

Second Generation Demon Saint turned pale with alarm.





Chapter 912 The Office Of Strategic Deception's Internet Cafe


Because of Wang Zhen coming to the world below, everyone already knew about the existence of the Domain of the Gods.

They had yet to fully understand the Domain of the Gods, and now a place beyond the Domain of the Gods had suddenly emerged... What kind of place was that? Both Demon Saint and Shen Eryue were very curious.

"Should we inform the Office of Strategic Deception about this?" Second Generation Demon Saint asked.

"The Office of Strategic Deception is currently our demon world's biggest collaborator. You decide whether to let them know or not, you don't need to ask me for advice," Shen Eryue said indifferently. "But for this place beyond the Domain of the Gods to be able to rear a Three-Headed Phoenix, the people there are definitely strong. Besides, look..."

Speaking up to this, Shen Eryue pressed his fingers to the neck of the Three-Headed Phoenix's middle head and actually pulled out a fine thread.

Second Generation Demon Saint had a sense of deja vu at this scene.

"This is..."

"The string is made of a very special material. What we can be sure of is that someone was controlling this Three-Headed Phoenix. This string is stronger than the one Wang Zhen used, like the kind used for puppets; as long as this puppet string is connected, you can control things from behind the scenes no matter what."

Seeing this, Second Generation Demon Saint's eyes turned dark.

He felt that the waves of momentum in the world...

No...

Perhaps the waves of this universe were going to be stirred up and create ripples...

...

It was August 30th on Wednesday, the seventeenth day of the summer vacation.

In these two days, the shadow of the latest game Cultivation Emulator, created and developed by Miss Bai Qiao, could be seen everywhere, whether it was on the schools' Tieba, in class groups, or in the trending topics of various major platforms. The game's popularity exceeded everyone's expectations. It had yet to be officially beta tested, but the number of pre-orders had broken ten million in two days, which no one could have imagined.

Thus, the Office of Strategic Deception set up a game group, and Miss Bai Qiao became the group leader right away.

While this was an expression of goodwill and an attempt to rope her in, it was even more for the sake of pacifying Miss Bai Qiao's heart.

Everyone was part of a family after joining the sect!

And most importantly, Lord Thunder offered Miss Bai Qiao a huge salary which she couldn't refuse, so that she no longer needed to look for her cheap father Boss Jin for money to buy games...

That same day, Lord Thunder had people finish constructing the hall for the game group, with a signboard that read "Game Group" hanging over the entrance. The truth was, however, that the layout inside was more like an Internet cafe.

Anyone from the Office of Strategic Deception who wanted to relax and have fun could use the sect's jade talisman to directly come in whenever they wanted. It was free for disciples to surf the Internet, and based on their ranks, they could enjoy a free flow of refreshments and drinks.

The computers inside the game group's Internet cafe had the highest specs. Visitors from other sects who wanted to use the Internet cafe had to pay fifty immortal gold per hour.

The Office of Strategic Deception's setup could now be considered to be in full bloom.

The hot-selling Heavenly Dao broccoli and the development of the Cultivation Emulator game were now important sources of revenue for the Office of Strategic Deception.

That day, a couple of Immortal Palm Tree Sect disciples who had come to the Office of Strategic Deception to buy broccoli passed by the game group's Internet cafe.

They went in for a look, and in the end were frightened by the Internet cafe's high prices.

"How expensive!" One disciple pulled his neck in.

Fifty immortal gold per hour and five immortal gold for one stick of roasted sausage...

"Why is your roasted sausage so expensive?" the disciple asked the little brother at the front desk whose head had been down all this time.

"If you want it, buy it. If you're not buying, you can just look at it."

This little brother was none other than "sect leader of Palm Sect" Su Xing from the Office of Strategic Deception's opening ceremony back then (please see Chapter 817: One-Person Palm Sect).

Su Xing won the duel with his palm technique at the opening ceremony and obtained the prize of a top-class holy weapon. But until now, Palm Sect didn't have any disciples apart from Su Xing, and the sect's business permit expired several years ago...

Later, Lord Thunder had Su Xing remain at the Office of Strategic Deception.

Su Xing was someone who could involuntarily comprehend Heavenly Dao, and was of great help in the research on Heavenly Dao.

Su Xing was now a member of the goon squad, and directly reported to Fang Xing as his leader.

Now that the game group had just been established and Miss Bai Qiao was busy playing games, Fang Xing sent Su Xing to the game group to look after the Internet cafe.

Whatever the situation, there always had to be someone guarding the place.

Su Xing had distinguished himself at the sect ceremony previously, and the media had reported widely on it. Although Palm Sect wasn't any high-level sect, many people now recognized Su Xing because of his previous achievement.

Now, when Su Xing looked up, the two Immortal Palm Tree Sect disciples looked stunned.

"How... how can it be you, Brother Su?!" One of the disciples, who looked like the senior brother, promptly laughed like it was a joke.

"This sausage is made from Heavenly Dao broccoli, Heavenly Dao crispy noodle snacks and hand-picked dragon pork; five immortal gold for one stick is absolutely fair. When you leave later, don't spread rubbish." Su Xing chuckled as he stared at the two people.

He rubbed his palms together as if he was honing a knife. When his palms met, they actually produced the crisp sound of godly iron being hit, and the two disciples couldn't help swallowing.

It wasn't that their mouths were watering at the smell of the roasted sausage, but purely because Su Xing had scared them.

Videos of Su Xing's palm attack at the sect's celebration ceremony had played on various major platforms; the two disciples naturally knew how awesome Su Xing's palm technique was.

"Five immortal gold! Good value! I'll take it!" Thus, the senior brother decided to give him face.

He took out a golden bill from his wallet. This was a banknote that could be directly used in place of immortal gold and which used denominations different from that of ordinary money: fifty, one hundred, one thousand, and ten thousand.

The senior brother took out a fifty immortal gold bill, which straightaway amused Su Xing. "Little buddy, how many sausages are you going to buy?"

The senior raised one finger feebly. "One... one sausage..."

"What's the matter with you, buddy? Aren't you going to buy one for your junior brother?"

"Two, then..."

"To confirm, two sausages will cost ten immortal gold."

"Mm..."

"You get a special price with a member's card. Top it up with five hundred immortal gold, and we'll give you an extra five hundred. The member's price for one roasted sausage is just three immortal gold. Do you want to get a card?"

"..."

"What's the matter with you, little buddy? Immortal Palm Tree Sect's salary should be quite high, right? You can't even afford five hundred immortal gold? Or you won't give me face?"

"I'll... I'll get one!" The Immortal Palm Tree Sect brother grit his teeth and decided to go all out.

"We have bronze memberships here. For your first five hundred top-up, you get five hundred extra. As for gold memberships, for your first one thousand top-up, you get one thousand extra. Which kind do you want?"

"Are... they different?"

"The bronze member's price for a roasted sausage is three immortal gold, the gold member's price is two immortal gold, and the diamond member's price is one immortal gold. Once you start playing on our computers everyday, we'll give you one sausage free of charge."

"..."





Chapter 913 Zhuo Yi's Hospitality


The two Immortal Palm Tree Sect disciples deeply regretted coming to this Internet cafe now. This was a rip-off! However, they couldn't not give Su Xing face; everyone knew that after the sect celebration last time, Su Xing and Lord Thunder had become very close.

Who was Lord Thunder? On the day the Office of Strategic Deception opened for business, even the Ten Founding Generals gave him face!

Furthermore, the Office of Strategic Deception was currently the only sect among all the light forces that worked in direct cooperation with Huaxiu Alliance! Thus, it was very important to build a good relationship with the sect!

Immortal Palm Tree Sect hadn't sent any representatives to the sect celebration, and the sect head of Immortal Palm Tree Sect regretted it so much that the day the Heavenly Dao broccoli went on sale, he signed a massive order with the Office of Strategic Deception.

It was his way of apologizing. On top of that, it demonstrated his sincerity for future collaborations.

It wasn't just these Immortal Palm Tree Sect disciples; there was now an explicit rule in Immortal Palm Tree Sect that all their disciples had to vigorously support all of the Office of Strategic Deception's businesses!

In fact, it was because of this rule that the two disciples could no longer refuse, and they couldn't let anyone else hold this over their heads!

"I'll get a gold member's card..." After making up his mind, the senior brother grit his teeth and took out several golden bills from his wallet.

Su Xing looked at the little junior brother next to this senior brother, and noticed that he was laughing secretly with the face of one rejoicing in someone else's misfortune. Su Xing quickly said, "Since you've decided to get a gold membership, how about topping up another five hundred to reach 1500 and upgrade to a combined package? One card can be used by two people. You should look after your little junior brother. However, this extra five hundred immortal gold has to be paid by your junior brother."

"..."

The little junior brother's face instantly turned gray.

He couldn't refuse, and could only take out a golden bill worth five hundred immortal gold and get a combo card with his senior brother.

Su Xing happily took the money, and while he was keying in the customer information, he suddenly thought of something, and looked at the two people. "Ah, that's right! Do you want to top up another five hundred immortal gold? Our Internet cafe just opened and has an exchange offer. An extra five hundred immortal gold can be exchanged for a crispy noodle snack packet!"

"No... no need, we don't have any more money!" The two Immortal Palm Tree sect brothers were about to cry.

Su Xing smiled. "Don't regret it!"

Actually, it wasn't that they didn't have the money, but that they didn't think it was worth it.

Five hundred immortal gold for a snack packet...

Only a fool would do that!

Ten minutes later, the two Immortal Palm Tree Sect disciples left with the gold member's card for the Office of Strategic Deception's Internet cafe and looks of despair on their faces... His elbow half-propped on the doorframe, Su Xing watched these two suckers leave.

...

It was still Wednesday August 30th.

Shortly after the two Immortal Palm Tree Sect disciples left, a van bearing the logo of the General Administration of 100 Schools drove directly through the gate of the Office of Strategic Deception.

A group of people got out of the van: Wang Ling, Chen Chao, Guo Hao and Su Xiao... Number 60 High School's Grade One, Class Three squad had gathered.

Chen Chao had already been chattering on for a while during the car ride; he couldn't believe that he had actually received an invitation from the Office of Strategic Deception... He had clearly still been complaining last night about not getting a beta account for Cultivation Emulator. In the end, he had received an invitation letter the next day!

The invitation was signed with Lord Thunder's name and even bore a golden seal.

They had been invited to tour the newly-built Internet cafe. At the same time, each of them received visitor's passes to all the halls, in addition to a gift pack of the beta version of the game!

Fang Xing got out from the front passenger seat and smiled. "Don't get too excited. We're only allowed to take a look around today. We're all minors, yet Senior Zhuo Yi was able to commission Lord Thunder to send us invitations, so you should be happy with that."

"Are we really only allowed to look around?" Guo Hao and Chen Chao were both a little disappointed.

"At any rate, you have the beta version gift pack; you can take that home to play." Su Xiao chuckled.

As the commissary in charge of studies, Su Xiao had already been completely led by Guo Hao and Chen Chao down a road of no return...

"Didn't I say Wang Ling was a good luck charm?!" Chen Chao touched his head. Even now he still felt amazed. "But why did Senior Zhuo Yi suddenly invite us over?"

"Did you forget that Wang Ling lent his spirit sword to Senior Zhuo Yi at the spirit sword exchange meet? This is Senior Zhuo Yi's way of saying thanks," Fang Xing replied.

Fang Xing and Zhuo Yi had already agreed on this cover story last night!

"I told you! Wang Ling's a good luck charm!"

Hearing this, Chen Chao didn't suspect anything and straightaway laughed heartily. "I almost believed that it was Classmate Wang Ling who's running the Office of Strategic Deception!"

Fang Xing: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

Just like Fang Xing said, they could only tour the Office of Strategic Deception's Internet cafe this time. It was a legitimate Internet cafe, so naturally it looked like one - trying to enter through a back door wouldn't work.

"Damn!" As soon as he entered, Chen Chao was promptly stunned by what he saw.

He didn't think this could be called an Internet cafe at all. It was built like a palace hall, and the machines were all virtual pods! When you lay down inside and put on a helmet, you would be directly connected to the Internet! You could do whatever you wanted! Even if you played for a long time, you wouldn't feel tired! Once you were inside the virtual pod, it was almost like you were dreaming, and your body would completely relax.

Furthermore, these virtual game pods which Lord Thunder had bought were all very advanced, with a massage function.

Fang Xing had already informed Su Xing beforehand about their arrival. Su Xing showed them around and introduced various features of the Internet cafe to them.

"These virtual pods are also the latest version and are fitted with a waste excretion unit underneath. If you want to use the toilet halfway, you can also directly switch to toilet mode, and the virtual pods will then turn into enclosed toilets." Su Xing pointed something out. "Do you see that? The button with an image of poop on it is the button for toilet mode."

"What's this?" At that moment, Guo Hao pointed to a button underneath the button for toilet mode which looked like two fish balls strung together.

"That's vibrator mode."

"..."

"Taking into consideration the fact that some customers might overindulge in our virtual pods, we added this mode, which is primarily used like a laxative. We all know that lying or sitting down for too long can easily cause constipation."

"Your services truly consider everything..." Guo Hao marveled.

"All the excrement will end up in the waste water reservoir, after which it is specially treated and turned into fertilizer to water the Heavenly Dao broccoli in the cultivation shed."

"..."

"The Internet cafe just opened today, but we already have a lot of Nascent Soul and Soul Formation customers; their excrement is actually quite hard to come by."

"..."

During his presentation, Su Xing would steal glances at Wang Ling from time to time.

With the exception of Chen Chao, Guo Hao and Su Xiao, everyone here was well aware of Wang Ling's identity.





Chapter 914 Wang Ling's "Label"


There wasn't anyone now among the Office of Strategic Deception's core members who didn't know Wang Ling's identity (i.e. a hidden boss masquerading as a sixteen-year-old high school student). Not only Wang Ling, but everyone in the Wang family's small villa were all big shots - this was thanks to Lord Thunder, who spread the word. Reality proved that there were times when having a friend with a fanciful imagination could actually save having to explain things.

After all, they were all core members and Lord Thunder's confidants who could be trusted to keep their lips sealed. Wang Ling knew that his label as a "low-profile big shot" was indelibly branded in the minds of these people. Even though they knew that he was still studying in high school, they just thought it was an Almighty's peculiar taste.

To many people, the reason an Almighty could become one was that they were more or less eccentric. Cultivating smoothly and steadily was a good thing; the reality of a steady and serious character would never change. On the other hand, eccentric people often had strong personalities.

And in the cultivation world, it was usually the people with ego and independent styles who got things done more easily.

It sounded absurd, but it was actually true.

This included Wang Ling himself, who also felt that he did have some peculiarities, such as his fondness for staring at the screen, his obsession with crispy noodle snacks, and his love of study... The last one was due to how Father Wang and Mother Wang had brought him up since young to believe that studying was always good.

When all was said and done, he was only sixteen; his experiences could hardly compare with those of the old seniors who had gone through thousands of years of history and borne witness to the nation's gradual rise in prosperity.

Although Wang Ling loved studying, there were times when he liked to goof off.

Otherwise, he wouldn't have enchanted the monster pen and goblin eraser to do his homework for him.

In order to keep his exam scores down, Wang Ling usually had to do some studying beforehand. He could finish the homework himself, but sometimes he simply wasn't in the mood.

Of course, Wang Ling did his homework more often than not, not because of his mood, but purely for the limited edition flavors of crispy noodle snacks.

His homework couldn't be sold for money. Sometimes, as soon as he got to school, Chen Chao and Guo Hao would come running over and start to wholesale copy his homework using the Flow of Multi-Pens godly technique.

The word was that during the busy study period in Grade Three, the Grade Three seniors (all top students) would begin saving for their college tuition by doing other people's homework for a fee; they could even copy a person's handwriting to a tee, and this had already become a lucrative business.

In Wang Ling's opinion, copying homework was very bad behavior and didn't do a person any good at all. Doing someone else's homework for them in exchange for money was even worse. This wasn't helping them, but causing them harm.

Wang Ling had never felt that his homework was worth much, but the inescapable fact was that it sold well on the Heavenly Dao's side...

In all the years he had done an equivalent exchange with Heavenly Dao, nothing had been more valuable than his homework.

...

Wang Ling noticed that the staff members from the various departments had been paying close attention to him from the moment he entered the Office of Strategic Deception. Su Xing had been stealing furtive looks at him the whole time after they entered the Internet cafe.

Hm... actually, Wang Ling didn't mind so much. Too many things had happened in half a semester after he entered high school, which conversely caused Wang Ling to become a lot more blasé than before, when even a little bit of attention would make him uneasy.

Let them look - they're staring because you look good.

Thinking of it this way, Wang Ling felt a lot better.

Besides, he had used the "Great Face Molding Spell" to adjust his features slightly and deliberately make himself unattractive - actually, he couldn't be considered that good-looking to begin with.

When Wang Ling looked in the mirror, even he himself felt he had average looks.

He was nothing like those soft and fair idol faces on TV with their high nose bridges, straight eyebrows and oval faces.

Wang Ling felt that he didn't even have one- or two-tenths of Immortal Toya's looks.

He was just a high school student who was nice to look at.

But Wang Ling never expected Fang Xing to actually be a little unhappy at how Su Xing kept looking at him. In the Office of Strategic Deception, Fang Xing was Su Xing's immediate superior.

Thus, when Su Xing stole looks at Wang Ling out of the corner of his eye, he suddenly felt a chill run down his spine, as if an upright cobra was staring at him, and cold sweat immediately poured down his head.

Before his arrival, Su Xing had already heard that this Ling Zhenren was the Office of Strategic Deception's group favorite whom everyone treasured. But this was a little too much! He had only looked at Wang Ling a few times!

As a newbie, Su Xing naturally didn't dare offend his superior. Laughing dumbly, he looked away, and then showed the group to a small room.

This was the reception room of the game group's Internet cafe, and Lord Thunder had set up the machines inside beforehand: it was five virtual pod game machines.

The three fellows from Number 60 High were instantly surprised. "This..."

Fang Xing laughed. "You're underaged and can't use the Internet in the Internet cafe, but this is the reception room. The chief of the Office of Strategic Deception, Lord Thunder, specially prepared the machines and invited us to experience them for ourselves. He gave me the experience card; I didn't tell you before this because it was a surprise."

Actually, this was giving them special treatment.

Chen Chao and Guo Hao were ecstatic; they had never used such a high-end game pod, and it was also unrealistic for them to buy one. It wasn't that they couldn't afford to; it was just that high school was an awkward phase, and bringing such a large machine into the house would definitely piss their parents off.

When all was said and done, they had yet to take the college entrance exam, and it wasn't proper for them to indulge in this sort of extreme recreational activity.

One by one, they sat inside the virtual game pods. The soft cushion and snug padding made them feel like they were in a sweet dream! It was too comfortable! Everything felt like cotton! Lying down felt like being immersed in water and their bodies felt as light as feathers! Even if they weren't playing games, sleeping in here would be so comfortable!

"Wow! I'm definitely buying one! As soon as I get into college! Even if I have to spend all my money!" Chen Chao was excited.

"If you quit the games you're playing now, I reckon that you'll have enough money to buy one by the time you enter college." Guo Hao chuckled.

The truth was that it wasn't impossible, if they saved on the money for weapon upgrades... A top-of-the-range virtual pod wasn't expensive: it only cost 1.6 million!

Su Xiao's family was Buddhist, and as he lay inside the virtual pod, he put his hands together as if he was praying. "My parents said that life would be easier in college."

Lying inside the pod, Su Xiao still felt a little guilty, and at that moment felt like the honest kid who had been led astray.

As the honest kid in his family and the class commissary in charge of studies, Su Xiao didn't even have a smartphone model, let alone play games at home. Even for this outing this time, his parents had only allowed him to go after they saw Zhuo Yi's invitation and assumed that this was a study assignment.

Seeing that everyone was lying down in the game pods, Su Xing smiled. "Everyone, get ready, and get as comfortable as possible. I'll start up the machines for you."

He had an admin remote in his hand.

After he pressed the button, the pod doors of the five virtual pods folded shut.

It was just a simple experience, but little did Su Xing, Fang Xing and Wang Ling expect the trouble that came knocking.





Chapter 915 God's Call


The moment the pod door closed, something unexpected happened. There were different remote controls for closing the pod doors and starting the machines, but the virtual game machines activated on their own before Su Xing could press the start button!

Su Xing frowned and subconsciously felt that something didn't seem right as he immediately took out both remotes and pressed the off buttons.

But none of them responded!

Was there something wrong with the machines?

Su Xing yelled at the people outside, "Pull the plug!"

All of a sudden, all the lights in the Internet cafe went out.

Some confused customers climbed out of the pods to ask about the situation.

"Why did the power go out? I'm only halfway through my novel!"

"Wow! You're so cool, brother, coming to an Internet cafe to read a novel, and even doing it in a game pod... " Another customer next to him was taken aback.

"Yes! The Only Koi in the Cultivation World is so good! Also, the author is very handsome, and didn't ask for monthly votes during the Chinese New Year!"

"Is there an author nowadays who doesn't ask for monthly votes?"

"I guess it's because his updates are so slow that he doesn't feel right asking! Anyway, brother, what were you doing just now?"

"I was reading the chicken soup by that famous chicken soup master Teacher Mimi Mengmeng. Just as my soul was going to be healed, the power went out! Damn it!"

"..."

Right now, the electricity had been turned off.

But the five machines that Wang Ling and the others were in were still running.

There was a problem!

Su Xing broke out in a cold sweat, but he had no idea who the enemy was.

"Should I destroy them?"

Su Xing gazed at the five machines in front of him.

Shortly after that, he grit his teeth and struck the game pod with one palm!

He couldn't worry so much now; the most important thing was to save lives first!

He hit the pod door of the virtual pod precisely with a bang!

But the instant his palm made contact, Su Xing'e expression turned alarmed - an invisible barrier actually covered the door!

"When was this set up?" Su Xing's face twisted.

These game pods had only been brought in this morning, Furthermore, they had been tested to ensure that there was nothing with them, and had been here this whole time until Ling Zhenren brought his classmates.

No one had entered the room before this, and Su Xing had been watching outside the whole time, and hadn't noticed anyone suspicious.

He never thought that someone would have already tampered with these game pods.

However, before Su Xing could figure out the person responsible for this, a strong wave of spirit power pushed out from where Su Xing had hit the barrier.

"Damage rebound?" Su Xing grit his teeth and struck this wave with his palm again to try and neutralize this force.

Su Xing's palm technique contained Heavenly Dao, which wasn't weak!

However, when his palm collided with this spirit power rebound, Su Xing fell back and spit out a mouthful of blood.

The strength in the rebound had actually doubled.

Su Xing propped himself up with one knee on the ground. His sternum was already fractured and even the wall of the room had collapsed.

In an instant, the Internet cafe had inexplicably become a mess.

"What on earth is going on..." Su Xing struggled painfully to his feet.

He suddenly thought of someone - Miss Bai Qiao!

The game pod in her office had also been delivered that morning!

Logically speaking, with the power out at that moment, Miss Bai Qiao should have already long flown into a rage and jumped out of the pod cursing!

But now he didn't see any sign of her.

Had she gotten caught up in the trouble too?

Su Xing hurriedly informed Lord Thunder.

But just as the call went through, a space rift unexpectedly appeared behind him.

Lord Thunder and a beautiful person of indeterminate gender walked out of the rift, but the aura on this person didn't belong to a human; it was heavy demon qi.

It was none other than Shen Wuyue, who was still in the form of his second personality, Shen Eryue.

"We were still too late." Lord Thunder frowned.

Seeing the injured Su Xing, Shen Eryue helped him up and uncovered the plaster on his head where one of the antlers had broken off.

Su Xing was amazed when, with a "biu," blood spurted out of the break in an arc.

Taking out the ever-ready disposable plastic cup he was carrying on him, Shen Eryue skillfully collected a cup of blood, then restuck the plaster back on.

Su Xing: "..."

Giving the cup of blood to Su Xing, he said in a voice as delicate at the autumn moon, "You're badly hurt. Drink this cup of blood if you don't want any residual effects."

This was someone whom Lord Thunder had brought over, and it was obvious that they had anticipated this event.

Although there was demon qi on this strange person, Su Xing didn't think too much of it before draining the cup of blood.

The kydeer's blood had a powerful recovery ability, and was several times more effective than Xiao Yin's blood.

After drinking the cup, Su Xing was pleasantly surprised when all the pain in his body was completely swept away and his broken bones knitted back together; even his complexion improved.

"Let me introduce you: this is the Sage Master who accompanies the demon world's Demon Saint, Lord Shen Wuyue." Seeing that Su Xing had recovered, Lord Thunder made the introductions.

The Sage Master of the demon world...

Su Xing's lips twitched.

He felt that he had underestimated the Office of Strategic Deception.

They actually had connections with the backbone of the demon world...

Struggling to rein in his shock, Su Xing asked, "Senior Immortal, what on earth is going on..."

"Earlier, the Holy Palace in the demon world detected fluctuations beyond the Domain of the Gods, and captured a Three-Headed Phoenix which had come from there." Lord Thunder replied, "This extinct Three-Headed Phoenix was reared beyond the Domain of the Gods and had a puppet string on it. It launched an attack on the Holy Palace. Finally, Lord Shen Wuyue subdued and captured it."

"Beyond the Domain of the Gods..." Su Xing felt his worldview refreshed once more.

The events of the last two days had continued to refresh Su Xing's knowledge of the cultivation world.

He had previously regarded the levels of the Ten Generals as the mark of top big shots in the cultivation world... but now, he realized that he was just a frog in the well.

As they spoke, Shen Eryue examined the barrier on the game pods, and he frowned deeply.

Lord Thunder: "How is it?"

Shen Eryue: "This barrier is a force I've never seen before... It's beyond my capability, but what's certain is that it's neither Heavenly Dao nor Outer Dao - it should be a power above the two. Senior Immortal should be able to feel it too, right? You also have the power of Heavenly Dao."

Lord Thunder's expression was heavy as he nodded. "Indeed, this isn't Heavenly Dao."

"Our opponent's realm is on a higher level." Shen Eryue sighed.

"So... we can't do anything to help?"

"We can only believe in His Excellency Ling's strength. In addition, we could perhaps ask Mr Wang Zhen and the others for help - since they're from the Domain of the Gods, they might know something about this power," said Shen Eryue. "Also..."





Chapter 916 Wang Ling Falls Into an Alien World


"Also, what?" asked Lord Thunder hurriedly.

Breaking off at the end of a chapter was disgraceful.

But if the author is very handsome, he believes that the readers may forgive him!

"I heard Senior Immortal mention before that the keeper of order came back here from the future to carry out a discreet, private investigation?" said Shen Eryue, unperturbed.

"Brother Gu Shunzhi..." Lord Thunder patted his head; when he was flustered, he would forget things, and he had actually almost forgotten this senior! That shouldn't have happened!

This was a person who maintained the order of the universe, and furthermore had been appointed by Heavenly Dao. In this sort of inexplicable situation, the keeper of order would indeed know more than ordinary cultivators.

But for some reason, Lord Thunder felt a vague sense of unease, and his face tensed up as he had a bad feeling.

After stepping into the extraordinary realm that was True Venerated, his understanding of Heavenly Dao had reached a new level. The game pods in front of him were covered in a disturbing and unusual force which had nothing to do with the power of Heavenly Dao!

What on earth was this?

"Let me contact Senior Gu." Lord Thunder pulled up Gu Shunzhi's number.

Gu Shunzhi wholeheartedly admired Wang Ling's strength after their fight and had wanted his phone number. In the end, it was Lord Ma who gave him a number, but when Gu Shunzhi dialed it, the call was intercepted by Lord Thunder.

This was one of the treatments Wang Ling got as the group favorite; the Office of Strategic Deception would automatically intercept calls from any unknown number as a precaution and shelter Wang Ling from the world, thus upholding world peace in passing.

This month, the Office of Strategic Deception had already shut down a number of small, illegal moneylenders and arrested over a thousand text scammers.

A lot of these swindlers had been sending texts from the same company, and when they were tracked down, the entire company was stamped out.

In addition, the Office had also arrested plenty of extraordinary swindlers claiming noble connections - they caught over ten thousand "First Emperor Qins," and after interrogation, there was still one person at the moment who was pig-headedly insisting that he was the reincarnation of First Emperor Qin.

Dialing Gu Shunzhi's number, Lord Thunder waited for the call to go through. However, Gu Shunzhi's voice was slow to sound on the other end. Several seconds later, Lord Thunder suddenly heard an ear-piercing sound on his phone!

"Watch out!" At the critical moment, Shen Eryue abruptly stretched out his hand and smacked the phone away before sending it flying out of the Internet cafe with a kick.

" Boom "! There was a deafening sound.

The phone caused a nuclear explosion and a massive mushroom cloud rose up outside the Internet cafe.

"This..."

Having narrowly escaped death, Lord Thunder wasn't able to calm down for a long time.

It was all too terrifying.

If it hadn't been for Shen Wuyue, and this phone had exploded next to Lord Thunder's ear, he might not die given his current realm, but he would still be gravely injured by the blast.

This was a surprise bomb attack which had caught them completely off guard.

Fortunately, Shen Wuyue had lightning quick reflexes!

As a legendary divine beast, the kydeer's ability to sense danger was indeed greater than that of a regular person.

Was this a warning...

Lord Thunder sunk into silence for a very long time.

The enemy they were facing this time was unlike any they had faced before.

They didn't have a clue!

Nor were they prepared!

So much so that they couldn't guard against it at all.

The other party had launched attacks one after another, like a dealer behind the scenes who rigged the game however he wanted.

What the hell kind of enemy was this?

They had no idea at all.

"How was it? Did the call go through?" asked Shen Wuyue.

"That was a warning."

Lord Thunder frowned deeply. "I'm afraid something might have also happened to Senior Gu."

...

As reality proved, Lord Thunder's premonition was spot on.

Elsewhere, Gu Shunzhi had indeed run into unprecedented trouble.

Before that unusual energy had covered the game pods, Gu Shunzhi had already sensed it while exploring the flow of space-time spirit power in the outer domains.

As he stood in place and felt it out for a moment, Gu Shunzhi was startled when he couldn't sense where this unusual energy was coming from.

"What in the world is this..." Gu Shunzhi couldn't help murmuring.

He closed his eyes after that, and his consciousness connected with Heavenly Dao Space.

Since he was having difficulty sorting this out, he could only ask the Heavenly Dao little golden men and see if the six Great Heavenly Dao knew the source of this unusual energy.

Gu Shunzhi landed in the office of the Heavenly Dao Governing Committee.

The six Great Heavenly Dao seemed to have foreseen his arrival.

"You've come," Strength Heavenly Dao said gloomily.

Although Strength Heavenly Dao's expression was indistinct, this clearly wasn't his usual voice, which sounded a little down.

"What on earth is going on?" Gu Shunzhi asked as the keeper of order; vaguely, he had a bad feeling.

As someone who maintained the order of cosmic space and was acknowledged by the Domain of the Gods, it was utterly ridiculous for him to have no idea at all what was going on.

Besides Strength Heavenly Dao, the rest of the Heavenly Dao were silent.

This made Gu Shunzhi even more nervous.

This had never happened before.

After a long silence, Strength Heavenly Dao said, "Beyond the Domain of the Gods."

"Beyond the Domain of the Gods?" Gu Shunzhi was startled.

He wore the same expression as Lord Thunder when the latter heard of this phrase for the first time.

"You are the keeper of order, but there are some places you can't oversee."

Heavenly Dao murmured a little dully, "The universe we're in is infinite. The Founder of Heavenly Dao once said that the universe in essence is like a matryoshka doll: there are layers within layers, and mountains beyond mountains."

Gu Shunzhi had traversed all kinds of cosmic space, but this was the first time he had heard this theory.

He had an utterly shaken expression on his face.

"You see the giant rock, but not the high mountain behind it; you see the river, but not the sea it flows into..." Strength Heavenly Dao sighed.

All the Heavenly Dao didn't utter a word; the entire Heavenly Dao Governing Committee was lifeless, as if the end of days had come.

"Ling Zhenren, Ling Zhenren might have a solution!" Gu Shunzhi's voice resounded in the space.

Ever since his fight with Wang Ling last time, he had become a fanboy.

He could vaguely guess what Wang Ling's identity was, but didn't dare confirm it.

In terms of strength, Gu Shunzhi admitted that they weren't on the same level.

At the very least, Wang Ling's strength wasn't even in the same dimension.

It already could no longer be measured by realm.

"It's too late, he's already been sucked in." As Strength Heavenly Dao spoke at that moment, he waved one hand, and an image appeared in the air; it was the very scene of Wang Ling and the others sealed inside the game pods.

Gu Shunzhi: "How can this be..."

Strength Heavenly Dao: "In no more than an hour, the spirit qi of this world will be completely enveloped by this unusual energy... who knows if we'll be able to weather this calamity."

The more Gu Shunzhi thought about it, the more he felt something wasn't right. "But I'm from the future."

Strength Heavenly Dao: "Haven't you noticed?"

Gu Shunzhi: "???"

Strength Heavenly Dao: "Your body is starting to fade."

Gu Shunzhi: "No, I'm fine."

Strength Heavenly Dao: "When you disappear, the first thing to go is usually where you store your Yang energy."

"Ah?"

Gu Shunzhi unbuckled his belt and checked his crotch. "No, it's still there!"

Strength Heavenly Dao: "I meant the golden core in your dantian! See whether your golden core is still there or not!"

Gu Shunzhi: "..."

...

Elsewhere, Wang Ling and his group arrived in a completely unfamiliar city.

They landed on a mountain top, and in the far distance were the splendid lights of a city. This wasn't Earth, and it didn't contain the slightest trace of spirit qi.

"Can't perform magic?" Wang Ling tried using several regular spells one after another, but none of them worked.

There was no spirit qi in this world, which meant no spirit energy. Without spirit energy, he naturally couldn't cast any spells.

Currently, the only thing Wang Ling could use was Heavenly Dao spells.

These were driven purely by primordial qi. In addition, Wang Ling's condition was a little unique, as his primordial qi was something that his body had naturally produced since he was little.

It was because he couldn't control this primordial qi that not long after his birth, Wang Ling drew a talisman seal which he stuck on himself.

He never expected the primordial qi to come in handy now.

Wang Ling braved the cold wind on top of the cliff while Fang Xing, Chen Chao, Guo Hao and Su Xiao were still unconscious. They had fallen into this place the instant the doors of the game pods closed.

It was very clear that this wasn't the game.

But a trap.

They had been sent into another world...

"Hey, it's useless to just stand around - you may as well check out the situation." A familiar voice rang out as someone appeared behind Wang Ling. It was none other than Bai Qiao.

Wang Ling had already known that Bai Qiao was also here, since he had sensed her aura the moment they landed.

"I looked around up ahead just now; the people here all look strange, and this looks like an alien planet." Bai Qiao pursed her lips; she obviously knew that this wasn't the game. Pulling her cap down, she folded her arms in annoyance. "I was halfway through my game when I suddenly fell here with you lot. When I find out who did this, I'm going to cut them up!"

"Mm." Wang Ling responded indifferently.

Sitting with his legs crossed, he finally plucked out one of his King's Eye out of his eye socket and tossed it into the sky.

Wang Ling could vaguely sense the conspiracy in all this.

It had happened so abruptly that he didn't even have time to respond.

Even his eyelid hadn't twitched.

This was a major event, but he hadn't even had a prophetic dream.

That was enough to prove how powerful the enemy was.

At the moment, he tossed out the King's Eye out for a clear and full picture of this world.

As Bai Qiao said, this was a planet that was tens of thousands of times larger than Earth which was inhabited by strange lifeforms.

Some were octopuses that looked like coal balls which sprayed transparent ink as they walked down the streets, like the water trucks that washed the roads clean.

Some were jelly-like creatures that were soft and boneless with wide, pitch-black eyes, wandering along the streets.

There were also all kinds of monsters on two legs with human-like forms; some looked like demons and devils, but weren't.

This was because there wasn't any demon or devil qi on them.

"This world doesn't have spirit energy but has its own set of rules; those monsters use an energy source different from ours." At that moment, Fang Xing regained consciousness.

"You were actually awake?" Bai Qiao was a little surprised.

"I have a White Transformation Spell which doesn't require spirit energy to be used; I looked around the city a bit just now," Fang Xing said. "However, they speak another language, which I can't understand."

"Won't the whole world eventually wind up speaking Mandarin?"

Bai Qiao sneered, then looked at Chen Chao and the others who were still lying on the ground. "What are we going to do with them? We won't be able to do anything if we take these deadweights with us!"

"Calling them deadweights is too much - naturally, they have their uses." Fang Xing patted Chen Chao's face and woke him up.

Chen Chao felt like he had been asleep for a very long time. He rubbed his eyes before opening them blearily.

The scene in front of him gave him a huge shock. "Holy shit, what is this place?"

"You're already inside the game world, in a simulation of a city. Since this is your first time linking up to the virtual game pod, your mind is a little unstable, which is normal." Fang Xing smiled as he earnestly spouted nonsense.

"Is that so... Why do I feel like you're lying? Don't tell me that we all fell into an alien world?" Chen Chao rubbed his face to clear his head a little.

Wang Ling, Fang Xing and Bai Qiao: "..."

At that moment, Chen Chao noticed Bai Qiao on the side. "This girl is...?"

"This is the boss of the Office of Strategic Deception's Internet cafe. Her surname is Bai." Fang Xing made the introductions.

"Hello, Miss Bai." Chen Chao's face reddened with some embarrassment. "This is the first time I've seen a girl more beautiful than Student Sun Rong; she doesn't feel quite real! Miss Bai is like a fairy from a painting and doesn't seem human."

Bai Qiao placed one hand on Fang Xing's shoulder with the expression of one admitting defeat. "I take back what I just said."

Fang Xing smiled in reply. "You'll get used to it."

"So what's our situation?" Chen Chao looked around, feeling a little lost.

"This game is a little different; we're unable to use spirit energy. Also, the BOSS is hiding somewhere, and the clues are in the city up ahead." Standing on top of the cliff, Fang Xing gazed at the city in front of them. "The game is set in an alien city; unfortunately, this city hasn't been fully converted to Chinese, and the monsters all speak an alien language."

Chen Chao rubbed his chin and nodded. "Is there a time limit?"

"Twenty-four hours," Fang Xing answered.

Fang Xing knew that making things up like this wasn't right.

But there was no other option.

He had to keep Chen Chao and the other two calm.

There were times when a white lie was necessary.

After all, Chen Chao, Guo Hao and Su Xiao were just high school students.

If they knew the truth, it would be a problem if they couldn't withstand the pressure.

This wasn't a game.

They had fallen into an alien world on an alien planet.

And the person who had summoned them was still watching from the shadows.

If they didn't do this right, they would die.

"No equipment?" Chen Chao asked after some thought.

"No." Fang Xing shook his head.

"Then I think I know how we can clear the game," said Chen Chao. "Have you played GTA?"

Fang Xing: "I have..."

Chen Chao: "This game should be more or less like Vice City; once we enter the city, we just need to create as much havoc as possible. After all, we won't die, right? After that, we'll definitely trigger the main plot or sub-plot. When that happens, we can follow the clues back to the BOSS - even if he's hiding, he'll have to come out and face us when the time comes."

"No! No one will die! Since you've said so, I'm not worried anymore." Fang Xing smiled and nodded, his face full of gratitude.

Wang Ling and Bai Qiao: "..."





Chapter 917 Real Game


Bai Qiao suddenly realized she was still too young; she thought she was someone who knew how the script went. However, she felt that Chen Chao was the true master, while she had only read the title page.

When Guo Hao and Su Xiao came back to their senses, Chen Chao rehashed the current situation for them.

Games were something which students were most willing to spend all their time, effort and even money on to transform their souls. Whether it was online games or single player games, it was always fun to be the first to play a new game.

"The game's requirements are so high. We don't even get a 98K when we land, and we have to discover the plot ourselves?" Guo Hao patted his thigh. "This... is quite interesting!"

Chen Chao analyzed the situation in front of them. "Currently, we don't know what the main plot is, we don't have any supplies, and we can't even understand the language used in the game. The game should let us choose the language at the very beginning of the story - if everything is in a foreign language, how can we clear the game?"

"Language..." Su Xiao murmured to himself. "Then what should we do now?"

"Let's head into the city and take a look around. Who knows, we might find the Easter eggs which Guo Hao's uncle hid in the game," said Chen Chao.

Wang Ling was startled. "Un... cle?"

"Wang Ling, you don't play games much with us, so naturally you wouldn't know." Chen Chao laughed. "One of Guo Hao's uncles does the digital programming for games, and he will secretly plant eggs in all the games he works on - basically, all the games we play will have Easter eggs!"

"..."

...

Wang Ling didn't really believe in mysticism, but he had experienced the authenticity of Chen Chao's "blessed" mouth for himself countless times already...

Wang Ling retrieved the King's Eye after getting a rough idea of the planet's structure; there was only one city on this planet, and finding its governor would be easy since his profile image was projected conspicuously on practically every skyscraper.

Contrary to Wang Ling's expectations, on this planet crawling with monsters, the governor unexpectedly had a human-like appearance (because they weren't sure whether the other party was actually human or not).

"Hey, have you really decided on me as team leader?" Chen Chao's face was full of question marks.

"That's right, it's you; don't turn it down." Fang Xing smiled.

To be honest, this was a novel feeling for Fang Xing - he never thought there would actually be a day when he would feel a sense of reassurance from someone apart from Wang Ling.

Given that Wang Ling could still use Heavenly Dao techniques as usual, it was easier to sneak into the city than they'd expected. Wang Ling used the Great Transfiguration Spell to change everyone's appearances to look like the monsters in the city.

Chen Chao transformed into a muscular red giant with two formidable-looking devil king horns.

Guo Hao transformed into a large, colorful rooster... Wang Ling had designed this form based on the Wrathful Rooster, since Wang Ling had been binge-watching the online TV drama The Wrath of Time 1 .

1(Refers to a particular scene in the show "Candle in the Tomb: The Wrath of Time ..) Su Xiao transformed into a bottle gourd person who was shaped like a peanut and carried two daggers on his back; naturally, these daggers were fake and couldn't be used.

Fang Xing transformed a Vileplume; Wang Ling had seen it in a plant encyclopaedia, and it was a hermaphrodite.

Wang Ling's form was quite simple: he transformed into a raccoon.

As for Bai Qiao, she didn't transform into anything; she made her legs disappear and turned into a ghost. This was the advantage of an artifact spirit; she could get rid of her legs anytime.

When Number 60 High School's monster team entered the city, the monster team of lizard soldiers guarding the city didn't notice anything unusual about them.

Because they spoke in a different language, Chen Chao observed the streets for a while before taking everyone to the entrance of a bar.

Chen Chao didn't recognize the words, but he still recognized the alcohol bottles inside the bar.

"In a free-roaming game like this, a plotline can usually be triggered in a cool location!" Chen Chao explained to everyone at the bar entrance.

Fang Xing nodded. "Mm..."

Naturally, he believed Chen Chao: if Chen Chao said yes, then it was so...

Not knowing the language in a strange place, it seemed like they were at a deadend. When they entered the bar, the bartender at the counter turned out to also be a lizard.

A lizard again?

Wang Ling and Fang Xing exchanged looks.

Although there were all kinds of monsters in this city, it was lizards that occupied the key positions in this city, like the lizard soldiers that guarded the city and the lizard troops that patrolled the streets.

But they didn't carry any demon or devil aura on them, and were completely different from the lizards in the demon world.

Jingle!

The bell over the door of the bar rang.

In an instant, all the monsters inside turned to look at Wang Ling and the others.

Wang Ling's protective spirit light dispersed to protect all of them. Although Chen Chao could still feel the spiritual pressure, Wang Ling shouldered most of it.

Chen Chao and Guo Hao couldn't stop exclaiming in their hearts over how real the game felt. It even had a pressure sensor - this game was too amazing!

Although they couldn't afford a virtual game pod, they still had some understanding of virtual pod games. They knew that there were only a few virtual game pod models sold on the market, and based on official specs, these models were still lacking in realism.

But they could actually sense the spiritual pressure in this game... It was pretty awesome!

"You're the NPC, right?" Chen Chao wasn't afraid at all as he straightaway marched over to the lizard bartender and pinched its nose.

The lizard bartender scowled. "???"

Chen Chao: "Whoa, damn! Guo Hao, look! This NPC actually has expressions! And it's actually angry? This game's algorithm is pretty amazing!"

Wang Ling, Fang Xing and Bai Qiao: "..."

After that, Chen Chao grabbed an alcohol bottle which another monster was drinking, and smashed it over the lizard bartender's head.

The lizard bartender flew into a rage and instantly turned red.

Chen Chao: "Wow, what the hell! Everyone, look! This lizard bartender can actually get angry! The NPCs in this game are so real!"

The lizard bartender broke out cursing. Although they couldn't understand a single word the other party was saying, the look of anger was the same everywhere in the universe — a thick gathering of qi in the dantian, spitting saliva, and a voice as loud as the firecrackers set off during the Chinese New Year.

Seeing Chen Chao's frivolous appearance, the lizard bartender actually took out a gun right away and aimed it at him.

"Hahaha! This lizard even took out a gun, but can it shoot me for real?" Laughing, Chen Chao reached out and directly wrestled the gun away from the lizard bartender.

Wang Ling, Fang Xing and Bai Qiao: "..."

After that, Chen Chao aimed the muzzle at the lizard bartender's head. "Just act like an NPC and go down - I'm even doing you the honor!"

Peng!

A laser beam shot out of the muzzle and pierced the lizard bartender's head.

The lizard bartender dropped in a pool of blood.

Chen Chao was startled yet again. "Holy shit! The blood in this game is actually red!"

Wang Ling, Fang Xing and Bai Qiao: "..."





Chapter 918 The Word Is Law


It was a mess in the bar as many monsters were scared off - they had never seen such a fearful monster.

Who was this red giant with devil king horns? He actually dared to brazenly create havoc and had even killed the bartender.

The monsters were stupefied. Some of them lay on the ground with their arms over their heads, while others pushed each other to scramble straight out of the bar; their ear-piercing howls as they ran off rattled everyone's eardrums.

"The game's sound simulations are also so real; it actually has fade-out reactions." Looking at the fleeing monsters, Chen Chao couldn't help sighing.

"Ow!" Just then, Chen Chao suddenly let out a cry of pain — he had been hit in the back by a laser beam!

Thanks to the protective spirit light, however, the laser beam didn't penetrate Chen Chao's armor, and the pain was next to nothing — it was like your forehead being flicked.

An excited look on his face, Chen Chao turned around and grabbed the lizard waiter lying on the ground who had shot at him. "Hahaha! The NPCs here can actually fight back! Sure enough, it's just like Vice City!"

The lizard waiter wore a horrified expression.

Guo Hao and Su Xiao came close. When they saw this, they were full of praise. Guo Hao sighed. "This game must have cost a lot to make. Look, even this thing's panicked expression is on point! As if it's read An Actor Prepares 1 !"

1(By Russian author Konstantin Stanislavski..) Just as Chen Chao pointed the gun at this lizard waiter, sirens rang out outside the bar.

Chen Chao was delighted at this. "Don't worry, we've already triggered the plot. At this moment, someone is bound to show up to help us avoid being arrested by the guards."

As soon as he said the words, a huge hole suddenly appeared in the ceiling and a figure in a black cloak dropped down from it.

"See! What did I say?" Chen Chao laughed.

Wang Ling, Fang Xing and Bai Qiao: "..."

"Why are you still spacing out? Let's go!" The cloaked man whose face was hidden behind a clown mask spread his arms wide as soon as he landed, opening a dazzling purple space tunnel.

But this wasn't a magic spell; Wang Ling had already noticed the jade ring on the cloaked man's finger. This space tunnel had been opened purely with the power amassed in the jade ring.

This was an unknown power source that was neither spirit qi nor primordial qi.

What it was, and what this planet full of monsters was... they would learn all the answers soon.

...

Before a large group of lizard guards arrived at the bar on wyverns bearing flashing lights on their heads, Wang Ling's party wound up in a mysterious base with the help of the cloaked man who had suddenly appeared.

They were underground.

Wang Ling had already examined the entire planet with his King's Eye, and he knew where he was no matter the location.

"After all these years, someone has finally come." The man took off his mask and undid the black cloak he was wearing.

This was a stalwart-looking middle-aged man with short sideburns and a triangular mole at the corner of his eye. He took off the black cloak to reveal a white sports shirt and black sports trousers underneath, and a medal on his right chest caught Wang Ling's attention.

This was a Huaxiu Cultivation and Magic Treasure Research Institute medal; his dumbass older brother Wang Ming also had one!

It wasn't just Wang Ling, but everyone else also noticed this familiar logo.

Since quite a number of the factory-manufactured commercial magic treasures on the market were patented products by the research institute, it wasn't surprising that even students found this symbol familiar.

"Look, Wang Ling, what did I say? We triggered the plot, didn't we?" Hand over his mouth as he whispered, Chen Chao gently nudged Wang Ling, who was next to him.

Wang Ling: "..."

"Who are you?" Fang Xing gazed at the man in front of them.

"Just like you, I am from Huaxiu nation. My name is Guo Ping." At this point, the man looked up.

He then turned to look at Guo Hao. "And this is my nephew."

Everyone: "..."

Guo Hao gaped. He had never thought that his omnipotent uncle would really plant an Easter egg in this virtual game...

Guo Ping: "Although you are not my biological nephew, your father is a distant older brother of mine."

Guo Hao immediately said dutifully, "How do you do, uncle..."

"What on earth is going on?" Fang Xing asked.

"You are now on a planet called Divine Dao Star, which is beyond the Domain of the Gods." Guo Ping frowned, and seemed to be recalling the past. He clicked his watch open, and a chart of fluctuating data was instantly projected into the air.

After some consideration, Guo Ping told everyone, "When the Gate Between Worlds descended about six years ago, amidst the energy fluctuations from the demon world, we detected a trace of unusual energy which we had never seen before. This unusual energy is stronger than spirit qi, and given that the spirit qi on Earth is running out, we started to investigate the source of this unusual energy."

Guo Ping then twisted the watch face, and the projected image in the air also switched to a map of the universe.

"This is where we are from, Earth."

Guo Ping pointed to a blue planet on the map which was no more than the size of an ink dot.

He then turned his gaze elsewhere. "As for the area in the middle which I've marked with a red circle, we call this the inner domain. The orange circle beyond it is outside the Milky Way, which is also where the legendary Domain of the Gods is located."

"Domain of the Gods?" The people from Number 60 High raised their eyebrows.

They had come across this term in their textbooks.

The rumor was that this was where ascended Almightys gathered after transcending worldliness and achieving Dao.

"The Domain of the Gods exists." Guo Ping was very serious and earnest.

But Chen Chao and the others couldn't help snickering.

In their eyes, this was just the game setting, and the script felt so real.

Although they had heard rumors of the "Domain of the Gods" from the textbooks, their teachers had said that such a place didn't exist at all.

How strong were the Ten Founding Generals?

And how powerful was the head of state?

They were so strong, but had never ascended!

Even though this was what they were thinking, Chen Chao and the others didn't interrupt.

They knew that the "game plot" was unfolding. Now wasn't the time to interrupt the "NPC's" speech. They had to listen quietly for clues to clearing the game.

Looking at the map, Guo Ping continued: "What you're looking at now is outside the orange circle and beyond the Domain of the Gods, which is also where Divine Dao Star is located. We eventually determined that the source of this unusual energy was from a place beyond the Domain of the Gods which was thirty million light years away from Earth. Thus, the research institute charged me six years ago to take a small spaceship called God Bright One and look for clues on this unusual energy source."

"Thirty million light years... How did you deal with the problem of energy fuel for the spaceship?"

"With our country's latest scientific methods, it only takes an hour to fly ten thousand light years at full speed. The problem, however, is the ongoing energy consumption. We didn't have enough fuel to fly that long," Guo Ping said.

"What happened then..."

"Then, Scholar Wang Ming found a solution." Saying this, Guo Ping switched to another image projection in the air. "This black string in the image, which looks like hair, is an energy string composed of a high concentration of spirit power. One energy string can keep the ship going for a distance of one million light years. I don't know how Scholar Wang Ming developed this... I still have a wad of it."

"..."

"Since my lab equipment was made on Earth and isn't compatible with the unusual energy on Divine Dao Star, the power source the lab is currently using is this strand of hair. It's going to burn out soon, and I'll replace it with a new one."

"..."

Wang Ling's lips twitched.

What "looked like hair"...

It was damn hair!

Because this hair, was his...





Chapter 919 Earth Crisis


When Guo Ping said this, Wang Ling suddenly recalled a period of time six years ago when Wang Ming dropped by the villa particularly often, and would always run off to the toilet when he was free. Looking at it now, it was likely that Wang Ming had gone to the bathroom to collect Wang Ling's hair... Wang Ling washed his hair every day. In addition to showering every night, he would wash his hair in the sink every morning.

Because he washed his hair so diligently, he would always drop one or two strands of hair... Listening to Guo Ping suddenly mention this, Wang Ling was now finally aware of his dumbass brother's secret and impure motive back then.

Actually, Wang Ling had felt a long time ago that Wang Ming had seemed a little sneaky during that period, and he had thought that Wang Ming was after his crispy noodle snacks. But each time Wang Ming found an excuse to use the toilet in Wang Ling's ensuite, Wang Ling's crispy noodle snack supply had never dwindled, so Wang Ling stopped being so suspicious over time... Who the hell would have thought that his dumbass older brother's target turned out to be the hair Wang Ling dropped when he washed it...

Wang Ling couldn't imagine this guy hunched over the bathroom drain, pulling out hair with a metal hook - who knew how vulgar his expression must have been when he was doing it! In fact, what Wang Ling didn't know was that Wang Ming had used the extra hair he had taken out for a figurine, which was locked away in a safe in his research office.

This was a Wang Ling version of the Barbie doll, whose hair was made from the strands Wang Ming had carefully collected.

If this "Barbie doll" was used as an energy source, it would fuel power consumption for hundreds of millions of light years in space at the very least...

"Then were you the one who summoned us?"

"I don't have that ability - it was Star Lord of Divine Dao Star. His plan is to confine the most powerful person on Earth on Divine Dao Star, and then launch his plan to engulf the Earth." Saying this, Guo Ping's gaze swept over everyone. He knew that the legendary strongest person on Earth was in this group, and that the rest of them had been dragged into it.

Sure enough, this problem is because of me again, isn't it? ... Wang Ling let out a sigh.

As he pondered this, Wang Ling saw Guo Ping turn to look at Bai Qiao. "Young lady, are you the legendary strongest person on Earth?"

Bai Qiao darted a look at Wang Ling out of the corner of her eye, thought for a bit, then nodded her head. "That's right! It's me!" She didn't reveal the truth, not because she was afraid of Wang Ling's strength.

Miss Bai Qiao wasn't like those coquettish skanks who "followed their hearts."

In contrast, Bai Qiao was more pragmatic - she was thinking that Wang Ling was her boss, so it didn't hurt for her to carry the wok for a bit...

"So, what on earth is this plan to engulf the Earth?" Bai Qiao asked, folding her arms.

"This has to do with the origins of Divine Dao Star... Including the time I drifted or was moored in space, it took me nearly a year to get to Divine Dao Star, and another one after that to learn the basics of the Divine Dao language used on this planet."

Sorting out his thoughts, Guo Ping said, "I call the unusual energy used on Divine Dao Star godly power. This is a special energy source which expands by devouring other sources of energy. Over the years, Divine Dao Star's Star Lord has used his power to devour many inhabited planets, draining their energy sources to nothing in order to strengthen his own self. He wants to make Divine Dao Star the strongest in the entire universe, and this time, Star Lord's newest target is Earth..."

"Bat- Battle of Balls?" Chen Chao suddenly thought of a phone game.

"You can think of it that way," Guo Ping said; he had heard of this game.

Back then, he had drifted through space before arriving on Divine Dao Star, and had been further stymied because of the language barrier.

A lot of people thought he was dead...

But though Guo Ping hadn't been on Earth all these years, he still received the latest news and scientific intelligence via the data terminal in the lab.

Alone on an alien planet, he led a very cautious life. The culture, the language, and the way of life were all completely new to him. For Guo Ping, a stranger from Earth, this was simply like being in prison. If a person who had been in "prison" for a long time didn't understand what was going on in the outside world and couldn't integrate back into society after he got out, he would go crazy!

"Young lady."

At that moment, Guo Ping looked at Bai Qiao. "If we want to save the Earth, the only thing we can do now is to negotiate with Star Lord - we don't have much time left."

"What do you mean? Divine Dao Star is so far away from Earth and also so huge - even if he wanted to go over to engulf the Earth, it won't be so easy," Fang Xing said.

"No... Divine Dao Star's clone is already in the Earth's core..."

"What?"

"It's like magnets being pulled together," Guo Ping said. "Divine Dao Star's clone resonates with the main star's godly power. According to my calculations, as long as the clone can draw out half of the main star's godly power and expand, it'll be able to swallow up the entire Earth inch by inch from the inside..."

"You said to negotiate - how? Surrender in exchange for immunity? Or is there any other way?" said Bai Qiao. "Oh, right, my surname's Bai, I'm called Bai Qiao."

"There is another way."

Guo Ping said, "Currently, there are two ways to deal with this. First: figure out the formula for converting godly power into spirit power, and ultimately convert spirit power into spirit qi by using our specialized equipment. This way, we can supplement the spirit qi on Earth and solve the issue of lack of spirit qi in the future. But there are two problems with this plan: I've only just calculated one-tenth of the formula, and the equipment I need is still on Earth..."

"..."

"Second, after negotiating with Star Lord to surrender and secure immunity, we find a way for the two stars to peacefully coexist as much as possible. But I cannot be the one to make this agreement. Furthermore, this Star Lord wouldn't want to negotiate with a nobody like me. However, if Miss Bai comes forward, we might have a chance..."

"..."

"There are only two ways?"

"Yes, only two..." Guo Ping sighed. "I have witnessed the might of Divine Dao Star's Star Lord with my own eyes. His strength isn't in the same dimension as that of the people of Earth or the Domain of the Gods... We are no more than ants to Star Lord."

"Not necessarily. There may be a third way." Just then, Fang Xing and Bai Qiao both raised their heads and spoke in unison.

"A third way? What is it?" Guo Ping was blank for a moment.

"Beat him up."

At that moment, a voice sounded in Guo Ping's head.

He then saw the youngster with the dead fish eyes, who had been standing at the back of the group this whole time, look up at him.

Beat up Star Lord...

Was this youngster talking to him?





Chapter 920 The Wandering Earth


Beat up Star Lord.

These crazy, aggressive four words echoed unceasingly in Guo Ping's head. This was indeed an extraordinary plan which Guo Ping could never have thought of... But how could it be so easy to hit Star Lord, let alone beat him up...

Was it really possible?

Guo Ping couldn't imagine it. Although he hadn't been on Divine Dao Star for long, he had seen how brutal this Star Lord was - this was a tyrant on par with the God of Destruction! Once he targeted you, it was all over!

"Star Lord has done many inhuman things over the years to expand Divine Dao Star." Guo Ping couldn't help trembling whenever he thought of this.

He learned a lot of information from the alien news. Translating this alien language into a human one took a very long time, and there had been countless times during the process when fear would well up from the depths of his soul.

Each time he successfully expanded the planet, this Star Lord would declare it to the world with an aloof and proud face.

He announced to everyone.

He was the god of the universe.

And an omnipotent expert.

Guo Ping trembled. Wang Ling could clearly see how Guo Ping's eyes resembled dead ash as his face instantly drained of color. "Resistance is futile."

He said the words lifelessly, and dropped to his knees as if he had lost all his strength.

"Divine Dao Star's Star Lord has never failed to seize a planet... Even those that struggled to escape were all devoured." Guo Ping said sadly, "I once witnessed the demise of an alien civilization, of fully over twenty billion people. To escape being hunted down by Divine Dao Star's godly power, twenty billion people worked together to stop their planet from rotating, and installed hundreds of thousands of thrusters on one side of the planet to flee Divine Dao Star's pursuit."

Speaking up to this point, Guo Ping smiled bitterly. "So, even if you could stop Divine Dao Star's clone from expanding continuously in the Earth's core and escape for a time, it may not be forever. If his plan fails, Star Lord will directly manipulate Divine Dao Star into flying over and engulfing the entire solar system... Even if we had the "Wandering Earth Project," or Liu Cixin's imagination, or Wu Jing 1 , we can't escape!"

1("The Wandering Earth" is a sci-fi novel by Liu Cixin featuring Wu Jing as the protagonist ..) Everyone: "..."

After being trapped on Divine Dao Star for so many years, Guo Ping could barely endure it anymore. When he saw Wang Ling and the others speaking Mandarin in the bar, it had felt like grabbing at one last life-saving straw.

He had previously intercepted classified intelligence which showed that Star Lord would capture the strongest person on Earth and imprison them on Divine Dao Star. Guo Ping had already been prepared early on, but when he brought Wang Ling and the others to his base, and the moment Wang Ling had canceled their transformations, Guo Ping saw Guo Hao...

Although this was only a distant nephew, it still gave Guo Ping a feeling of homesickness as he began to long for his wife and his children... He wanted to give up everything - he wanted nothing more than to go home. Even if the Earth surrendered and was enslaved, that had nothing to do with him.

Even if he was going to die, he wanted to see his wife and children in his final moments.

Chen Chao, Guo Hao and Su Xiao were all stunned. They were shocked by the "NPC's" range of emotions in the game - what game NPC would be so into their role?!

They whispered to each other in very low voices.

Chen Chao: "Guo Hao, this Easter egg your uncle planted... is too amazing. It seems so real it almost doesn't feel like a game."

Su Xiao: "Do you really have an uncle who works at the research institute?"

Guo Hao nodded. "I do! My dad told me before that I have a distant uncle who does scientific research. This is probably a story which my uncle who makes games came up with based on my uncle who works at the research institute, which is why the script sounds so real."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

For a long time, there was silence in the base.

Chen Chao nudged Fang Xing and said in a low voice, "Don't space out; the NPC is now feeling very desperate. We should say something encouraging at this moment; only then can we push the plot along. He might look like he has lost all hope and doesn't want to live anymore, but this is like a person sending text messages to his friends and relatives to say that he's jumping off a building. This kind of people lack care and attention; as long as they feel warmth, their spirits will recover quickly!"

"Mm..."

Fang Xing came forward and patted Guo Ping's shoulder. "Don't give up, we still have hope..."

Guo Ping's lifeless face instantly glowed with new light. "Really?"

"My god... You're the one who wrote the script, aren't you?" Guo Hao couldn't help exclaiming.

Everyone: "..."

"In any case, it's better to try than just sit around and wait to die." Bai Qiao said, "Know yourself and your enemy, and you will win every battle. Tell us everything you know about Star Lord - my hair has been very itchy lately."

As soon as she said that, everyone gave Bai Qiao strange looks.

Realizing how ambiguous her words sounded, Bai Qiao's tender face reddened and she hurriedly said, "You perverts! I was referring to my ahoge! What were you thinking?"

Everyone: "..."

As if sensing the awkward atmosphere, Guo Ping coughed softly and said, "All of you have probably seen how lizards make up a very large part of the people of Divine Dao Star. The fact is that these aren't lizard people, but the legendary dragon people... On Divine Dao Star, they are called Divine Dragons. It is the Divine Dragons who rule this planet; Star Lord might look like a human, but he changed his appearance - he is a Divine Dragon."

"Why is he using a human form?" Guo Hao asked.

"That's actually why I'm in favor of peace talks - because this Star Lord in fact likes Earth very much, and even admires humans, which is why he's taken on the appearance of one. Right now, there are plenty of cosmetic surgery clinics on Divine Dao Star that offer human face plastic surgery - idol faces are very popular here."

"If he likes Earth, why is he doing this? Wouldn't it be better for him to leave Earth as it is?"

"Do you know why there are so many strange monsters on Divine Dao Star?" Guo Ping said, "Each monster represents an alien civilization. There is a strange creature in this universe called the yandere - the way they treat things they like is different from normal people."

"..."

"After the earth is devoured, Divine Dao Star will have a record of the human genome, and the first pair of humans will come into being here. To Star Lord, this is nothing more than a game of rearing all the things he likes together on this planet."





Chapter 921 Fighting Star Lord


Star Lord of Divine Dao Star.

Male.

A member of the Divine Dragon clan.

And a yandere.

This was all the information on Star Lord that everyone had learned from Guo Ping so far.

There were only two ways to fight a yandere.

One: The yandere says he likes you → You accept → You live happily with the yandere.

Two: The yandere says he likes you → You reject him → You die a violent death...

But it was very clear that Divine Dao Star's Star Lord was a yandere of the highest level. He wouldn't even voluntarily say that he liked something; as long as he took a fancy to it, he had to have it.

So Wang Ling already understood the implications: if this matter wasn't properly resolved, a new Adam and Eve would appear on Divine Dao Star.

"Whether he's a Divine Dragon or a little dragon, we won't know for sure until we fight him," Bai Qiao said.

"Since Miss Bai has made up her mind, you naturally have my full support... but bear in mind, we must do this quickly; we're running out of time." Guo Ping frowned deeply. He operated his watch and a map spread out in the air. "The location marked with an asterisk is Star Lord's Divine Palace. Previously, I bought fake IDs off a lizard person who makes them. Should we sneak in and assassinate him?"

"You want to act like Jingke who assassinated Emperor Qin? It doesn't have to be so troublesome." Bai Qiao shook her head and folded her arms. "We've always preferred a head-on approach."

Guo Ping: "..."

At that moment, he looked at the youngster with dead fish eyes. At the very beginning, the words "Beat up Star Lord" in his head had come from this youngster.

But this youngster really looked very mediocre...

Forget it. Teenagers were frivolous, anyway; it wasn't like Guo Ping couldn't understand.

In any case, attacking Star Lord would in the end be up to Miss Bai Qiao.

She was the strongest person on Earth, after all...

As for the high school students who had been pulled into this thing on Divine Dao Star, Guo Ping had never counted on them for help from the start.

What could high school students do?

Finishing Three Years of College Exams and Five Years of Simulations was king!

...

At the same time on Earth, cultivators at the Soul Formation stage and above all sensed a wave of energy which they had never felt before in the air... This was a force they had never seen before.

General Yi was playing go with the head of state in the mountain pavilion.

When the head of state put down a black stone, the chessboard actually broke and split into several parts.

"Old Yi, this is very uncharitable of you. Don't tell me that you bought a magical chessboard that will explode as soon as you're about to lose... I didn't put this piece down that hard."

"Your Excellency Head of State, you've misunderstood... My chessboard might be a Dong Qin product, but it truly has nothing to do with magic 1 at all. Your Excellency, you should have felt that strange fluctuation in the air." Dressed in his white exercise uniform and a red sash around his waist, General Yi raised his head.

1(A reference to Chinese host Dong Qing, who hosted many of CCTV's Spring Gala events, which tended to have magic acts.) "Something isn't right about this fluctuation." The head of state frowned, then turned his eyes to Steward Tang next to him. "Tang Chen, call both Huaxiu Alliance and the Office of Strategic Deception, and see if anyone is carrying out some sort of experiment."

...

At that very moment, all the researchers at the research institute were on standby.

Wang Ming and Zhai Yin were rushing to the scene to carry out emergency repairs.

Five minutes ago, the institute's surveillance instruments had suddenly gone haywire! This had never happened before... Even when the Gate Between Worlds descended back then, only a tenth of the instrument panel had been broken by the abnormal energy fluctuations.

"Don't panic. Follow action plan number one, and bring the data gauges under control first," Wang Ming ordered, hands in his pockets. With his appearance, the scene started to gain some order.

The appearance of the strongest brain naturally had a calming effect on staff morale as well.

But in fact, Wang Ming's hands were sweating in his pockets...

He had just gotten off the phone with President Qi.

It wasn't just their research institute - the same anomaly was happening simultaneously in research institutes all over the world, and several satellites belonging to neighboring countries had fallen...

This was an invasion of an unknown power...

Wang Ming narrowed his eyes as he stared at the pointers jerking erratically on the instrument panel, a very heavy expression on his face.

Things weren't looking good at all.

Worse still, he had pinpointed Wang Ling's location earlier.

His silly otouto was actually at the Office of Strategic Deception's new Internet cafe.

The world was about to be destroyed, but he was still playing games!

...

With Guo Ping providing long-range assistance and Bai Qiao leading the way, they left for Star Lord's Divine Palace in an alien aircraft which Guo Ping had specially modified. Guo Ping had salvaged this aircraft from a rubbish dump and then restored it using the planet's energy source; flying it wouldn't arouse the suspicions of the monsters.

"We've already reached the BOSS level?"

Chen Chao was surprised by how quickly the plot was developing. He frequently played flight simulation games, and was unexpectedly able to pilot the alien aircraft so smoothly.

Guo Hao and Su Xiao sat in the front passenger seats.

"So, whether we can clear the game is still up to Boss Bai? But why did your uncle leave this Easter egg indicating that Boss Bai is the one to fight Star Lord?" Su Xiao said.

"Obviously, the game designer is a lolicon. Boss Bai is the only girl in our group, so she's the chosen one," Guo Hao replied.

Until now, these three people still didn't know that this wasn't a game and that everything was real.

But Bai Qiao didn't expose this fact.

Wang Ling sat quietly in the back of the spaceship. Divine Dao Star didn't have any spirit qi, but this wouldn't affect Bai Qiao and Fang Xing exhibiting their might, since Wang Ling's existence itself was like a portable spring of water.

At the moment, Wang Ling looked like he was resting with his eyes closed, but he was in fact thinking about what kind of BUFF he should give everyone in the aircraft.

This Star Lord was going to be difficult to deal with, after all.

They naturally couldn't take this battle lightly.

Thus, as the aircraft approached Star Lord's Divine Palace, Chen Chao and the others suddenly noticed many colorful halos on them...

"What's this?" Guo Hao asked.

Looks like a BUFF..." Chen Chao said.

Su Xiao swallowed. "Is this the legendary boost before battle?"

At that moment, at the back of the aircraft, Wang Ling was silently reciting spells.

"Supreme power selfless halo...

"Ultra-divine wisdom magic halo...

"Holy ultimate barrier...

"Almighty's indomitable heart...

"Shitty, shameless, thick-skinned like an iron wall delayed updates halo...

"The Healer, Wildness and Distant Pupils poisonous milk death barrier 2 ...

2(The Healer and Distant Pupils are two Qidian writers who are notorious for somehow jinxing any authors or works they recommend.) "The power of Dong Qing's cover-up, the strongest in the world 3 ...

3(Chinese host Dong Qing was criticized for acting as a shill for Chinese magician Liu Qian at the 2010 Spring Festival Gala.) "The overwhelming gravity of being three catties heavier at every festival...

"Vigorous dancing before Desolation Heavenly Emperor's 4 grave revival magic halo..."

4(The protagonist's nickname in the Chinese web novel "Perfect World .. ")





Chapter 922 Infinite Halos


In a flash, more than thirty halos stacked up on top of each other like the Olympic rings, densely enveloping everyone in the aircraft.

With so many magic halos, even if Chen Chao and the others were only Foundation Establishment high school students, their fighting strength couldn't be underestimated at that moment.

Although Chen Chao had already anticipated this necessary boost before battle, he didn't expect this game to be so damn "human"- this was too many!

"It looks like this game is still a trial version - it's more important to have fun..." Piloting the aircraft, Chen Chao's smile grew wider. He never expected this to actually be a game just for the heck of it.

"It feels like I've become very strong!" Su Xiao looked incredulously at his hands.

"There are so many boosts." Guo Hao also couldn't help sighing in admiration.

This was simply like using ten aircraft carriers to attack a speedboat...

"The main city district is up ahead. We're approaching Star Lord's Divine Palace." Guo Ping's voice rang out in the aircraft as Chen Chao smoothly steered the aircraft forward. No sooner had they entered the main city when they were chased by several lizard men riding wyverns, shouting in the language of Divine Dao Star. However, everyone could understand what was being said this time.

The aircraft was equipped with an "Instant Translator" software program, which had also been designed by Guo Ping.

"Warning! You are speeding illegally in the main city district! Stop right now to be inspected!" In front of them, a lizard man riding a wyvern raised a silver pike and pointed it at the aircraft, and a huge shock wave instantly blasted out of the tip.

Steering the aircraft, Chen Chao dodged skillfully, and even did a top-class 360-degree turn in the air; no matter how the aircraft spun, it didn't wobble.

Sitting in the back, Wang Ling thought that Chen Chao would make an expert immortal ship pilot.

A massive golden palace appeared in front of them like a mountain. It stretched up into the clouds and glimmered with a boundless, elegant light. The stone pillars were engraved with characters no one had seen before. Divine chains hung down from the summit, keeping the entire palace firmly anchored to the ground like a tent.

This was the most mind-boggling.

Because such a large golden palace was actually floating in the air.

As long as the divine chains were pulled around, Star Lord's Divine Palace could turn to face any direction.

The lizard men in charge of intercepting them were unable to stop the aircraft. The blasts from their silver pikes barely hit the aircraft, and even those that did bounced back.

Everyone inside the aircraft had BUFFs, which also affected the aircraft and gave it various types of halo effects.

In front of the golden palace, lizard men flew into the sky. They looked very different from the minions who had tried to intercept them, and had dragon wings on their backs and tails; even their auras were completely different from those of the lizard men who rode wyverns.

"These Earthlings truly have no principles, even daring to break into Star Lord's Divine Palace."

"Star Lord has already locked up their strongest being with great magic; sooner or later, the Earth will belong to our Divine Dao Star, and the humans will soon be enslaved by our Divine Dragon clan - these people breaking in are just courting death. Their strongest being doesn't seem like much."

"Then who is the strongest person in this aircraft?"

"I heard that it's that girl with white hair. The other Earthlings are small fry that got dragged in."

Everyone in the aircraft had halos on them; even the six senses of Foundation Establishment cultivators like Chen Chao were enhanced several times over. After the lizard officers' conversation, everyone's gazes instantly focused on them.

Wang Ling didn't even make a move, but these lizard officers were shaken in the sky by this enormous spiritual pressure.

— How powerful was this deterring force?!

The lizard officers fell to their knees and looked up at the sky.

Every single one of them was stupefied.

Something wasn't right!

Star Lord had already assessed the white-haired girl's fighting strength; there was no way she was capable of this oppression.

Godly power was a dozen times more concentrated than spirit power, which was also the reason why Su Xing had been unable to break through the godly power barrier previously. It was impossible to make a dent in it at all unless it was with a spell which surpassed the concentration of godly power.

Wang Ling naturally had already discovered this fact.

So from the very beginning, he was very calm.

Because all he had to do was bring out even more concentrated spirit power.

But this technique of compressing spirit power was something only Wang Ling could do. It required the spellcaster to exercise precise control over every spirit energy molecule full of spirit qi, and then compress them into a spirit power mass.

General Yi's Palm Sword and the Old Devil's Chaos Ball were both spells that used highly concentrated spirit power, but they were nothing compared with Wang Ling's compression skills.

Thus, after Wang Ling modified the concentration of spirit power, he covered everyone in the aircraft with halo after halo of highly concentrated spirit power — it took no more than an instant for nomological laws to collapse!

All the lizard officers collapsed on the spot at this intense spiritual pressure. They were deeply affected by the "overwhelming gravity of being three catties heavier at every festival" halo, and the lizard officers were in disbelief when they had to strain to lift their eyelids - even all their eyelashes were drooping downward...

"Trespassers in Star Lord's Divine Palace will be executed without mercy!" At that moment, a Divine Dragon lizard with golden scales arrived. He wore light armor and his manner was far more imposing than that of the lizard officers kneeling on the ground.

"It's Left Protector of the Front Hall!" The hearts of the officers on the ground were lifted when they sensed this aura.

Who was Left Protector of the Front Hall in Star Lord's Divine Palace? He was the gatekeeper who guarded the entire Divine Palace. As soon as he appeared, his aura swept over the battlefield and seemed to hold the power in check.

Inside the aircraft, everyone "stared" at him.

A few seconds later, an officer on the ground let out a scream and was knocked unconscious when Left Protector of the Front Hall fell from the air and smashed into him.

On the ground, Left Protector of the Front Hall hid his face. This was so humiliating - he couldn't look cool for even three seconds.

He had actually been unable to withstand the aura oppression of this group of Earthlings.

"Let me see what kind of small fry is trying to break into Star Lord's Divine Palace!" At that moment, someone flew out from the palace.

"It's Right Protector of the Front Hall!" The officers cheered up once again.

"Right Protector is much stronger than I am! He can definitely handle this group of people!" Unable to stand up under the pressure on the ground, Left Protector was full of confidence.

And then...

This Right Protector was also "stared" at by the Earthlings in the aircraft, and he dropped as the pressure pushed him into the ground.

Wang Ling looked down and saw that the most pitiful officers had been buried alive.

And on top of them were Left Protector and Right Protector...

"Tch! Fiend, where did you come from? I, Left Protector of the Middle Hall, will face you!" Another voice rang out in Star Lord's Divine Palace.

"Fuck! Is there no end to this?!" Chen Chao slapped the steering wheel.

The next moment, in order to prevent the author from writing anything else superfluous, Chen Chao piloted the aircraft into directly hitting the palace...





Chapter 923 Breaking Into the Divine Palace


A group of people flying an aircraft was breaking into Star Lord's Divine Palace!

For one moment, all of Divine Dao Star was shocked.

Enslaved monsters from various planets swarmed the main city district. The sky was densely packed with lizard cavalry maintaining order and suppressing the crowds.

This had never happened before.

Monsters from all walks of life exhibited their prowess. The moment Chen Chao crashed the aircraft into this palace fortress, the resentment that had been accumulating in the hearts of these monsters for so long exploded.

They had originally been from different planets and had led peaceful lives. If it hadn't been for Divine Dao Star forcefully devouring their home planets, they wouldn't be living here as Star Lord's slaves. Recalling what had happened in the past, the monsters still seethed with deep resentment.

Now, at that very moment, all the grief at their families being wrenched apart erupted!

Chen Chao's collision with Divine Palace reverberated like a clock over the centuries, shaking the hearts of billions of monsters on Divine Dao Star. Speaking their native tongues, monsters young and old all used their strengths to wildly besiege the main city district.

This momentum shook the "Divine Dragon clan," which was the clan in power on Divine Dao Star.

"Sir, what should we do?" For a moment, the Divine Dragons were in some disarray.

There was turmoil outside Star Lord's Divine Palace. Left Protector and Right Protector of the front hall and middle hall had been thwarted and the intruders piloting the aircraft had crashed violently into the rear hall, destroying a number of barriers in the process.

But this wasn't the only thing they had to deal with - the city center was being attacked by monsters from all directions!

This was the consequence of plundering planets for so long.

The energies of these planets had been devoured, but faced with cultural differences, home was where the heart was for most of these monsters. Once they rebelled, they would be hard to quell.

The Divine Dragon knight commander was a lizard man in golden armor, who was also the commander of twenty million Divine Dragons in the imperial army.

At that very moment, his expression was a little heavy.

Someone had broken into Star Lord's Divine Palace, and had even directly crashed an aircraft into it, which was an unprecedented event.

And it was precisely because it was unprecedented that it stirred up the blood of this group of monsters, whose spirits had almost been suppressed.

They had never expected this!

At that moment, the Divine Dragon knight commander's thoughts were very complicated.

The Divine Dragon clan had plundered countless planets, some of them even stronger and more amazing than Earth.

And they had used the same strategy every time.

They captured the most powerful person on the planet and enslaved them right away on Divine Dao Star before plundering the planet.

They never expected a mere planet like Earth to actually cause so much chaos.

"Sir! With only twenty million soldiers, we won't be able to hold them back! The monsters have already broken through the eighteenth ring of the main city district." At that moment, a Divine Dragon had hurried over with the message. He was injured and had a miserable air about him.

What they were facing now was billions of monsters from different planets pouring wildly into the city non-stop from all directions - it was utterly unrealistic to think that twenty million imperial soldiers could stop them.

"Go set up a barrier in the fifteenth ring. As for the other rings, don't bother stopping them there!"

The Divine Dragon knight commander's face darkened as he swiftly made a decision. "Kill those who resist!"

"Then the intruders..."

"Forget about those Earthlings for now. What we have to do is suppress this mob! These monsters from other planets are nothing more than slaves! How can we let slaves retaliate against us? These Earthlings were daring enough to break into Star Lord's Divine Palace, but they won't live for long."

The Divine Dragon knight commander sneered. "This is courting death! His Excellency Star Lord will deal with them."

...

At this reminder from the commander of the imperial army, a bloody war erupted on Divine Dao Star. Millions and millions of creatures revolted as the people on the whole of Divine Dao Star together launched a counteroffensive in the direction of the main city district.

In his base, Guo Ping looked at this scene on the screen as tears pooled in his eyes.

He had waited for this day for too long.

Creatures from different planets with all kinds of blood running through their veins came together in all the colors of the rainbow and spread throughout the streets.

Chen Chao's aircraft traveled unimpeded - basically, there wasn't anyone who could stop them any longer. Countless Divine Dragon men on wyverns rushed out of Star Lord's Divine Palace to the frontline to suppress the riots, and had no time for Chen Chao and the others... Besides, the latter couldn't be stopped at all.

There were BUFFs on everyone and BUFF effects on this old aircraft - as it charged through, it knocked down and killed several Divine Dragon knights as well as the wyverns they had been riding...

This aircraft was really too wild - like a knife, it pierced the bellies of these wyverns in a whirl of intense halos and special effects, and completely sapped the spirits of these Divine Dragons.

"Are they really Earthlings?"

"Aren't Earthlings said to be weak?"

The lips of a lot of Divine Dragons twitched.

...

Before arriving at the inner hall, Chen Chao moored the aircraft on Guo Ping's instructions.

"We'll split into groups for the next stage: Nephew Guo, you, Chen Chao, Su Xiao, and Fang Xing will return to outside the city and hold off the dragon knight commander of the imperial army - he's the one in the photo who looks as short as Pan Changjiang 1 . Remember what he looks like. Miss Bai Qiao and Student Wang Ling will be responsible for fighting Star Lord." Guo Ping assigned them their tasks directly.

1(A Chinese skit actor, sitcom actor, and recently turned TV director. He is around 160cm tall ..) Actually, Bai Qiao and Fang Xing had already spoken quietly with Guo Ping... Only then did Guo Ping understand why Chen Chao and the others had been eyeing him strangely all this time - they had completely taken him for a game character.

But that was fine, and Guo Ping didn't reveal the truth; as Bai Qiao and Fang Xing requested, he went along with it.

As for the exact persuasive words to use, Bai Qiao and Fang Xing had also coached Guo Ping beforehand.

Everything went as Fang Xing predicted, and Chen Chao wasn't satisfied with the assignments. "Why does Wang Ling get to fight the BOSS, while we wipe out the small fry?!"

"First, the assignments are random. Second, Student Wang Ling is a good luck charm. You won't be able to clear the game unless both tasks are completed. You are the first to test out this game; if you can clear it, you get a mystery prize," Guo Ping answered, according to the plan that had been discussed before.

"Alright! It's fine if there's a prize!" After that, Chen Chao instantly had no objections.

The aircraft then set Wang Ling and Bai Qiao down.

Fang Xing looked at Wang Ling. Inwardly, he was loath to part with him, but he had to go with Chen Chao and the others. With his fighting strength and a little guidance, it would be easy for them to fight a commander of the imperial army.

"Go for it, Miss Bai and good luck charm!" Chen Chao said excitedly as he flew the aircraft away.

Wang Ling: "..."

When Chen Chao's aircraft left, a ray of light shot out from the inner hall up ahead at the aircraft.

Bai Qiao's ahoge swung out to block the ray.

In the inner hall, Star Lord, who loved Earth culture, spoke in halting Mandarin. "So, you are the strongest girl on Earth? I underestimated your native place a little!"

Bai Qiao and Wang Ling were surprised.

This Star Lord had actually learned the Northeastern accent!

But as soon as Star Lord opened his mouth, Wang Ling's tense heart was immediately reassured.

He had thought at first that this Star Lord would be something.

In the end, it turned out that all this time, the other party thought that Bai Qiao was the strongest...

Even this Star Lord couldn't detect Wang Ling - what kind of Almighty was that?

Grabbing Bai Qiao and bragging about it here - annoying!





Chapter 924 The Strongest Person On Earth


The person sitting on a golden throne in the center of the hall had a tall and erect posture and an electric gaze as he looked down at them. He had changed his appearance completely to look like an Earthling.

"I've been waiting here for you for a long time." Star Lord of Divine Dao Star opened his mouth - he had already mastered Earth's language.

His Northeastern accent switched to a normal one as the atmosphere gradually turned serious.

"The rebellion today is the consequence of your expansion and engulfment - I'd like to see what happens to you after this." Bai Qiao's pupils contracted as her gaze turned sharp. At the same time, she directed her spirit energy little by little to the ahoge on her head.

"Resistance is futile; as the strongest person on Earth, you're nowhere near as strong as I am. Even if you have no care for yourself, you should think about the children who were dragged into this with you - they're just a bunch of high school students, and could have lived modestly on Divine Dao Star. Now, thanks to you, they have to die." Star Lord sneered mockingly, and the expression on his face turned colder.

Sitting high and mighty on his throne, he didn't move as his eyes emitted intense godly power which swept forward, and Bai Qiao felt a heavy sense of oppression.

If it wasn't for the halos on her, Bai Qiao didn't know if she would have been able to withstand such pressure.

"How interesting - you actually refined the hair on your head into a magic artifact. Among all the many planets I've plundered, there was a group on the Mocking Star which you resemble very closely; could you be a distant relative?" After feeling things out with godly pressure, Divine Dao Star's Star Lord made a derisive sound.

"Come down and fight me!"

Bai Qiao hmphed, full of battle spirit.

"I am Star Lord of Divine Dao Star - I am God! I should naturally sit up high on my throne. For me to come down to you... you're not worthy," Star Lord said in a soft, cold voice.

Bai Qiao's face was calm as she chuckled. "Since you are already well acquainted with Earth's culture, you should know that there are some things you shouldn't be so sure about. The quicker you raise a FLAG, the quicker you die."

"Impudent! You dare curse Star Lord?!" snapped a Divine Dragon standing next to Divine Dao Star's Star Lord. The man wore a black bamboo hat and an iron mask; this was Star Lord's personal servant.

This man had the most vibrant aura in all of Star Lord's Divine Palace apart from Star Lord himself.

"I'm talking to your master. You pervert wearing an S&M mask, you're very rude." Bai Qiao's poisonous tongue hadn't withered in the least as she lashed back with a snort.

"You insolent, arrogant peon! There is no need for His Excellency Star Lord to personally deal with someone like you at all!" The servant was so infuriated that he clenched his teeth. He took off his hat, and a powerful, bloody aura gushed forth from all his pores. A golden-red pattern of lines spread out over his body, and in a moment, the cry of a dragon rang out in the inner hall.

"Roar of the Dragon God?" Bai Qiao's eyes turned cold and her ahoge swung out. Enhanced by the infinite halos, her ahoge turned into a piece of silk which lashed out.

This blow was as heavy as three hundred thousand catties, and the servant screamed as half his body was whipped to shreds and he was sent flying.

The dozen or so BUFFs Wang Ling had given Bai Qiao weren't just for show! The servant suffered heavily from the unexpected and lethal pain. With a spray of blood, he flew back and crashed into a palace pillar, breaking it right through the middle.

This scene made Star Lord frown. He raised his hand, and with a mere flick of his finger, time seemed to reverse itself.

The injuries of the servant who had been swept away healed and he returned to his former position, while the palace pillar which had been broken was also restored.

Star Lord was a little displeased that his servant had disgraced him. He frowned and stared at the servant. "Hurry up and withdraw, you good-for-nothing!"

The servant's injuries had recovered, and even his memory of how he had gotten them had disappeared. However, when he saw Star Lord flare up, the servant instantly realized that he had probably attacked and lost just now.

Bai Qiao looked at Star Lord. "Reversing time?"

"I'm a god; naturally, I can do anything," Star Lord said lightly, as if it was nothing. "Mastering time is the same as mastering everything... It isn't just time, but I have mastered all the Dao in the universe. This is Divine Dao. While I only have one, it is equal to everything, and no one can match it."

"The power of Divine Dao?"

Behind Bai Qiao, Wang Ling lowered his eyes.

He had never heard of this kind of power.

He knew of Heavenly Dao and Outer Dao.

But what on earth was Divine Dao?

The universe was so big; there were things that even Wang Ling didn't know.

Sitting on his throne, Star Lord gave a cold and dark smile. "Compared with Divine Dao, Heavenly Dao and Outer Dao are mere drops in the ocean. My one Divine Dao is equal to ten thousand Heavenly Dao. If I develop a second one, and a third and fourth... Who in the universe can stop me? I am a king, and I'm a genius! I comprehended Divine Dao on my own, which is why I have all of this!"

"You're too full of yourself." Bai Qiao took a deep breath and struggled to remain cool while Star Lord spoke.

In front of Star Lord, she was under serious pressure she had never felt before.

Divine Dao was really too intense!

One Divine Dao was equal to ten thousand Heavenly Dao...

"So, you plan to conquer the universe with this one Divine Dao?" Bai Qiao stared at Star Lord.

"I certainly plan to develop a second and third one, but so far, with this one Divine Dao alone, I already rule practically the entire universe." Star Lord chuckled. "I'm a genius. I can cultivate whenever I want, but conquering the universe is more interesting."

"You rash thing, take this!" Bai Qiao's ahoge swung out to the front. A divine light rose from the top of her head and turned into a huge golden sword which sliced down at the high throne.

Star Lord's eyes were cold.

He sighed in his heart. Earth was indeed the weakest planet he had ever besieged. The strongest person was only capable of this much; he was incomparably disappointed.

"A petty trick. You actually want to fight me with something so unsightly." He parried this huge golden sword with his little finger, and then flicked it away.

The fallout from Divine Dao bombarded Bai Qiao and even destroyed the multiple BUFFs on her. Bai Qiao's ahoge was so shaken it wilted and split in two, which made her very twitchy.

"Are you done yet?! Boss!" At that moment, Bai Qiao finally couldn't help looking at Wang Ling behind her.

"Five more seconds."

Wang Ling returned Bai Qiao's gaze.

Five...

Four...

Three...

Two...

One...

Analysis of Divine Dao, complete.

When Divine Dao aura burst forth from Wang Ling, Star Lord's expression finally changed — dammit! He knew something wasn't right about this guy with the dead fish eyes!





Chapter 925 Never Too Old To Learn


People never stopped learning.

A famous writer once said: Man is a thinking reed .

All living things under heaven and earth abided by the principles of natural selection and survival of the fittest, and so it was with life itself.

Wang Ling was only sixteen years old and had yet to mature in wisdom, which was also why he couldn't stop learning for a single moment.

The reason why his mentality could mature at a healthy rate without him being led astray was all thanks to how Father Wang and Mother Wang had educated him since young. After all, this couple wrote literature, and had written about so many chuuni protagonists that they naturally knew how to bring up their own child to flourish on the whole in the aspects of moral character, intelligence, physical health, art and labor.

Like right now, when it had taken Wang Ling dozens of seconds to finish analyzing and mastering Divine Dao.

"Too slow." Wang Ling was a little disappointed.

He learned everything very quickly; it only took him tenths of a second to grasp something. No matter how difficult an International Math Olympiad question was, once he mastered the method of solving it, he could basically solve every problem in microseconds.

But this Divine Dao had actually taken him dozens of seconds...

Wang Ling thought he had already learned plenty, but now he realized that he had to further temper his learning ability.

Several dozen seconds were too slow!

Wang Ling had already made up his mind - once this incident was over, he would buy more copies of Three Five to do.

It seemed that he was the one who hadn't practiced enough!

Wang Ling wondered if it was because he wasn't writing enough. While he needed to master the knowledge fully before the two gremlins monster pen and goblin eraser could finish writing his homework for him, this in some sense also fostered "laziness."

Things couldn't carry on like this.

As an outstanding young man who upheld the core values of cultivation, Wang Ling felt that he should pursue progress.

"You..."

On the other side, Star Lord's gaze was fixed on Wang Ling from where he was sitting on his throne. If this Miss Bai Qiao hadn't said anything, he would never have expected this youngster to be the true person to beat!

He should have sensed it earlier on; there had been so many magic halos on Bai Qiao, but that power didn't belong to her at all. So, who had helped add these magic halos to her?

Star Lord finally realized where the problem lay.

Each time he plundered a planet, he would first determine who the most powerful person on the planet was, and he wouldn't make a move until he had imprisoned the other party on Divine Dao Star.

This time, his initial target had been Bai Qiao. As for Wang Ling...

In Star Lord's eyes, this was someone who had simply been dragged into this matter.

And this person really was only sixteen years old...

Cultivators could use spells and pills to slow down the ageing process, but the "vitality" in their bodies would gradually fade as they got older.

This was a major way of determining age among cultivators, and it was also something that couldn't be faked. An expert could see the vitality in an aura with one glance.

Star Lord could sense that Wang Ling's body was brimming with vitality.

This was the mark of the young.

Star Lord's eyes flashed with visible killing intent. He stared at Wang Ling and his voice was bitingly cold. "One genius in this universe is enough; only this king is worthy of this high throne."

Putting his hand on the throne, he injected godly power into the seven-colored gems embedded in it. Tremendous godly power instantly surged forth with an utterly dazzling golden light that blasted out in all directions.

Wang Ling stood where he was, as indomitable as rock. Bai Qiao hid behind his back and felt a sense of security.

Such overwhelming godly pressure crashed down on them like raging waves, but Wang Ling's small frame was like an island in the vast ocean which had yet to sink.

With a wave of his hand, Wang Ling casually let loose godly pressure of his own to cancel out the force, which stunned Bai Qiao behind him.

The cry of a phoenix rang out.

Several Three-Headed Phoenixes actually flew out of the seven-colored gems that had been injected with godly power.

These were creatures that were already extinct. Like the prehistoric vicious kuns which Wang Zhen had been rearing previously, the phoenix was also a prehistoric species that was now extinct.

Wang Ling had only seen these creatures in The Cultivation Encyclopedia . Even the museum didn't have an intact version, and only had 3D models modeled on bone fragments.

If the original bones were put on display, they would inevitably catch the eye of covetous wrongdoers.

These vicious creatures could also be called divine beasts. Everything from head to toe was valuable, and they were worth far more than holy beasts!

The holy beast clans had been eaten into extinction back then because of a rumor.

Who knew what would happen if these "divine beasts" were to reappear in the world.

Wang Ling could already picture how these guys would be turned into dishes on a menu.

The seven Three-Headed Phoenixes spat out Rainbow Divine Flame as they charged at Wang Ling. Wang Ling's eyes were as unruffled as an old well as he gazed into the hall in front of him.

The outstretched wings of these seven adult Three-Headed Phoenixes were tens of zhang in length and the birds carried astonishing godly power. It was clear that they had been reared by Star Lord from a very young age.

They were of an exalted lineage, and were far more superior to the vicious kuns.

Star Lord thought himself omnipotent; Wang Ling wasn't the least bit surprised that he would keep these battle pets.

Hadn't Wang Zhen that guy also opened a fish farm to rear kuns...

The Rainbow Divine Flame of an adult Three-Headed Phoenix was more powerful than anyone could imagine, but the flames didn't penetrate Wang Ling's barrier; now that he had comprehended Divine Dao, and coupled with the Three Thousand Great Dao of ten universes, he was powerful enough to withstand any damage.

But these seven Three-Headed Phoenixes that had been reared by Star Lord since young firmly believed that Divine Dao Star's Star Lord was the most powerful being in the universe, so they thought nothing of Wang Ling at all.

"To blaspheme against God, there is only death!" the lead Three-Headed Phoenix cried out. It opened its mouth full of fangs and flapped its slender wings. Several feathers flew out along with Rainbow Divine Flame to stab Wang Ling.

"Stand down."

Wang Ling didn't even look as he waved his hand.

The Rainbow Divine Flame which filled the sky was actually extinguished...

Before the Three-Headed Phoenixes could react, the force from this backhand sent all seven of them spinning away.

Before Star Lord could heal them in time, these seven Three-Headed Phoenixes which he had summoned had already turned into seven splotches of blood on the walls of the palace.

Just like mosquitoes, these seven Three-Headed Phoenixes died at the first blow...

Star Lord's face finally changed. He got up from his throne and glared at Wang Ling. "Well, well! You are the first to make this king stand..."

Before he could say "up," however, a voice cut him off.

Wang Ling didn't open his mouth, but a terrifying and intimidating voice echoed in Star Lord's head. "Since you love to sit, then don't ever get up again..."

Wang Ling curled his lip and stomped his foot.

Tremendous pressure fell on Star Lord's shoulders, forcing his ass to sit down once more...





Chapter 926 I Don't Need to Lift a Finger at All


Divine Dao Star's Star Lord was pressed firmly down on the throne. His face turned red as he felt the greatest humiliation. No one had dared to act so outrageously against him like this ever since he took control of Divine Dao Star, but now, a high school student born on Earth, a planet which he had always viewed as inferior, was actually pressing him down on the throne, and he was unable to move at all.

He was infuriated, but helpless.

At that moment, Wang Ling suddenly heard a voice which was actually coming from the throne under Star Lord.

Although Star Lord had been pressed down on the throne, unable to budge, the throne slowly turned around so that the back was facing Wang Ling, and an impassive face appeared on it. "I miscalculated; I never thought that there would still be someone like you on Earth... no, in the universe."

The moment the throne opened its mouth, the fluctuations of godly power all around them actually settled down completely.

Wang Ling gazed at the throne. Previously, he had felt that it was of an unusual origin, but he never expected it to actually have its own consciousness. Moreover, it felt completely different to an artifact spirit.

What was this?

God?

Or did it have some other name?

The universe was so big, and there were too many things that Wang Ling didn't know.

But Wang Ling didn't care what on earth the throne was.

Whether it was a god or devil -

Since it was causing him trouble, he would just eliminate it.

"You aren't an ordinary person. With such formidable power, even if you come to our divine realm, you would be a Venerated God, and one in a million. But you won't live past today. Blame me for indulging Shen Tian... He only has one Divine Dao, so he isn't your match." The face on the back of the throne opened its mouth, and the real horror was how it spoke without the slightest trace of emotion.

The Shen Tian it had mentioned was Star Lord's name.

"Then what the hell are you? An artifact spirit?" At that moment, Bai Qiao opened her mouth again before anyone else.

The face on the throne smiled and golden light blossomed around it like petals, just like a god on high.

"God am I, and I am God... You puny Earth cultivators have never touched the divine realm, so naturally you do not know what a god is. The most ridiculous thing is that you even have a place called the Domain of the Gods..." The throne sneered. "It has no true god or divine law, yet enjoys a godly name - it will definitely suffer backlash."

The throne spoke lightly and with assurance and composure; it thought nothing of Wang Ling and Bai Qiao at all.

"The true divine realm is on the border of the universe, and is a place which you can never reach. If you had not wilfully founded the Domain of the Gods and pretended to be deities, you wouldn't be subjected to this divine punishment." Speaking eloquently, the throne pointed out the crux of the contradiction, and all of its criticism was aimed at the "Domain of the Gods," which initially was the place to which cultivators who had achieved Dao ascended.

Wang Ling didn't know how to define a god.

He had never seen a real one.

Everything was relative.

To ordinary people, Soul Formation cultivators could perhaps already be considered gods.

To Soul Formation cultivators, the god in their hearts might be True Immortal cultivators.

And True Immortal cultivators yearned for the Venerated Immortal level and the "Domain of the Gods"...

Since ancient times, cultivators had never let up on pursuing realms.

To sum it up in simple terms, whoever was stronger was god.

It seemed that Star Lord had been silenced by the throne, which was when Wang Ling realized that Star Lord was in fact a puppet, and the real enemy was actually the throne under Star Lord.

"Will you kill yourself, or are you waiting for me to make a move?" When the throne opened its mouth, its words swept out, as if they rang out from the center of the universe.

It deliberately attacked Wang Ling with this godly pressure, and while Wang Ling did indeed feel it, it wasn't enough to send him to his knees.

"Making a move, is too troublesome." Wang Ling gazed at the throne and spoke telepathically.

"What do you mean?" The throne was impatient.

The gems on the armrest exploded with a beam of light as thick as a thigh that shot forward and rocked the entire golden palace with the fierce sound of thunder.

In the next moment, however, this divine light was split in two.

"What is that?" The face on the back of the throne frowned.

Staring fixedly ahead, it saw that the youngster was now holding a peach wood sword.

Wang Ling had already said the line "sword, come" so many times before, and was now a little tired.

It was his summer break, but he was being hit by troublesome things one after another... this divine realm had to be fixed.

He didn't care about the throne's origins.

Apart from Mother Juan's dishes and Chen Chao's mouth, there was nothing else in this world that could make Wang Ling's heart tremble. Even the godly pressure released by this throne from the true divine realm didn't intimidate him in the least.

The throne no longer made a move as it sensed something strange in the youngster's calm posture...

The face on the back of the throne was very grim and its eyes were fixed on the youngster in front of it.

The youngster slowly walked to a golden divine pillar in the palace and sat down next to it. Casually propping up one arm on his knee, he leaned back against the pillar and sighed softly.

"This sitting posture..." At that moment, the throne turned pale with fright.

It unexpectedly saw a familiar figure in this sitting posture.

Impossible...

That man was already no more!

The expression on the face on the back of the throne kept changing. It used its Divine Eye which could see through everything to gaze at the youngster, but it saw nothing in the youngster's past life or future at all.

Wang Ling smiled.

He knew the throne was looking at him.

However, even he himself couldn't see his past or future clearly, to say nothing of this lousy chair.

"Time to end this." Wang Ling turned his eyes to the throne, which was already no longer as arrogant as before.

A sense of danger gripped the throne's heart.

Wang Ling lightly tossed his peach wood sword into the air, and it released dense godly power!

"The power of Divine Dao..." The throne wore an indecipherable expression. "You passed the power of Divine Dao to your sword spirit?"

"No."

Wang Ling shook his head, his clear and cold voice echoing in the air. "It's just a supplementary lesson."

The throne: "A supplementary lesson???"

Wang Ling: "If I can learn it, so can my sword spirit, naturally."

In fact, it was during the handful of seconds when Wang Ling summoned Jingke to cut the divine light in half and he sat down that Jingke had completed his supplementary lesson.

And the reason why Wang Ling had tossed Jingke up into the air was because he wanted Jingke to resonate with Bai Qiao.

When the blade and scabbard were close, their memories would become one! And the power of Divine Dao would become two!

"So, there's no need for me to lift a finger at all." Wang Ling stared at the throne, his expression as unruffled as an ancient well.

At that moment, Bai Qiao, who had realized Wang Ling's intention, had already taken the form of a scabbard for the first time.

In contrast, Jingke was slightly hesitant in the air... He had never been inside a scabbard before. For a moment, he was actually shy, and his sword body was suffused with red...

Bai Qiao was a little impatient. "Don't talk rubbish! Hurry up and come in!"





Chapter 927 Jingbai


This was the first time Jingke had combined with the scabbard.

When the two silhouettes in the air overlapped and merged into a new one, powerful godly power instantly enveloped the entire palace. The landscape shook, dislodging falling rocks, and hundreds of divine pillars cracked and looked like they would collapse at any time.

After the fusion, Jingke had also transformed.

His hair had lengthened and now fell to his waist, and a white ahoge which was Bai Qiao's trademark grew out of the top of his head.

This youngster after the fusion was an image Wang Ling had never seen before. Jingke was taller, and looked like he had grown up a lot. His white robe had become a magnificent snow-white fur coat, and his entire figure exuded a noble and extremely haughty temperament.

The youngster looked at Wang Ling and gave him a bow, before turning his eyes to his opponent in front of him — the throne who claimed to be a true god from the divine realm.

Through the power of the contract, Wang Ling very quickly learned the identity of this "new person."

So he was called Jingbai...

Wang Ling said the name in his heart and it echoed in his mind.

"Who are you?!" The throne was shocked by this terrifying aura and was afraid.

"You don't deserve to know this king's name..."

As Jingbai stared at the throne, the godly power on him transformed into a number of qi swords to form a protective sword array. Boundless sword light then surged forth like a multitude of falling stars, covered by a brown hue.

Star Lord's Divine Palace was destroyed in an instant. Wang Ling had still been sitting by a divine pillar earlier, but in the blink of an eye, it had already collapsed, and everything around them was in utter ruins.

A pile of broken golden rocks glowed, and the throne turned into a ray of light which burst out of the rubble. There was already no sign of Divine Dao Star's Star Lord; in the split second that Jingbai attacked, the throne had compressed and turned Star Lord into a gem, which was now embedded in its armrest.

Wang Ling raised his eyebrows.

It seemed that the gems on the throne weren't ordinary at all; the Three-Headed Phoenixes had also been sealed inside earlier.

It was likely that there was something even more formidable in the rest of the gems.

What happened next proved Wang Ling's guess right.

A pitch-black gem which glowed with the holy light of primal chaos was removed from the throne. In the end, a massive divine figure formed in the air. This divine figure was pure white, as if it carried a pure and holy radiance, and the whole world was covered in the shadow of its sixteen wings.

This divine figure wrapped itself around the throne, its every move exuding a terrible divine aura. Godly power boiled and dried up the air at a temperature which could melt all living things.

The ruins beneath were completely vaporized.

For one moment, the revolt happening in the main city center fell silent.

Everyone saw this massive shadow of a god, and intense godly power burst out in the sky to surge forth in all directions.

This was an epic battle!

"16-Winged God is a deity of the divine realm. Once he makes a move, there's no escape," said the throne. Wrapped up tightly by 16-Winged God, it brimmed with confidence at that moment and didn't believe that it could lose this battle. This wasn't its homeground, so it couldn't use too much godly power, and could only summon 16-Winged God.

In the divine realm, there were also 32-Winged God, 46-Winged God, and 98-Winged God...

But thinking about it, the throne felt that 16-Winged God was more than enough to deal with the current situation.

At that moment, 16-Winged God clasped his hands together. Golden light poured forth, and a holy sword extended out from his palms toward the sky. It was thousands of zhang long, and swung forth with destructive holy splendor.

"It's His Excellency Star Lord! His Excellency Star Lord is furious!" The Divine Dragons all stopped attacking and dropped to their knees to kowtow. Behind them, the monsters from various other planets were also forced to their knees by the strong pressure, and were unable to move at all.

The Number 60 High squad also took in this scene from where they were fighting in the distance.

Chen Chao and the others were trading blows with the commander of the imperial army when they suddenly heard a loud noise; that golden palace had actually collapsed, just like that...

"This game is too real - it must have cost a lot to make!" Guo Hao was dumbstruck.

"Yeah, it does feel like the real deal. These CGI effects are kind of awesome. Have our country's special effects already developed this much?" Chen Chao paused in his attack and gazed at 16-Winged God in the distance, his heart trembling slightly.

The BUFFs on the Number 60 High squad hadn't disappeared; rather, Wang Ling had even enhanced them from a distance.

Otherwise, Chen Chao and the others at the Foundation Establishment level would be instantly crushed into meaty paste under the pressure of this godly power.

...

Jingbai looked at 16-Winged God, his eyes as unruffled as an ancient well.

The next moment, his eyes were fixed on the sky and his expression hardened.

Nomological laws spun unceasingly in his eyes, and a magic sword larger than 16-Winged God coalesced in the sky!

This was the World-Annihilating Sword, which was ten thousand- zhang long!

Everything as far as the eye could see was extinguished!

16-Winged God and the throne were frightened to death - even the wings symbolic of a deity shed some feathers like a chicken.

The throne never expected this type of power to burst forth from a mere sword spirit from Earth. After summoning 16-Winged God for this battle, it had been very confident.

But as soon as the World-Annihilating Sword made a move, the throne instantly knew that it was going to lose!

"Go!"

The throne gave a low command to 16-Winged God, who flapped his wings to leave Divine Dao Star and fly to the divine realm on the border of the universe. However, the heavy weight of the World-Annihilating Sword had already fallen on 16-Winged God - it felt like each one of his wings was tied down by a one million-jin weight, as if he had fallen in water.

"You think I'll let you go..." Jingbai's eyes were extremely cold and aloof. In fact, he had used less than one tenth of his strength to create the massive World-Annihilating Sword with his eyes.

Thus, Jingbai hadn't been frightened of this 16-Winged God since the beginning.

In Jingbai's eyes, this was just a white chicken with eight pairs of wings that could be slaughtered at any time.

"Ah..."

The huge World-Annihilating Sword sliced down, but even before it made contact with 16-Winged God's body, the latter gave a blood-curdling shriek at just a touch of sword qi on his wings.

"A petty 16-Winged God acting so arrogantly before this king."

Jingbai sneered. He stood in the sky with his hands behind his back, the fine white fur of his coat ruffled by the wind.

"Who on earth are you..." The throne knew it couldn't escape and had drained of color. It never expected the sword to be this sort of figure.

"I cut off the head of 128-Winged God; even 256-Winged God died with one stroke." Jingbai's words were so terrifying that the throne trembled with fear.

"If you want to know who this king is, ask your Thousand-Winged God..." Jingbai showed no mercy at all and brought the huge World-Annihilating Sword down.

"No!!" the throne roared.

However, Jingbai's movements were too swift.

The huge World-Annihilating Sword looked cumbersome, but it was actually as fast as the sword of a samurai. In the blink of an eye, from top to bottom, the throne was cut in half and its legs split and shattered into pieces on the spot.





Chapter 928 Jingbai's Show of Strength


When 16-Winged God and the throne from the divine realm were annihilated by the massive World-Annihilating Sword, the victor in this battle was already decided.

The gems that had been embedded in the throne had vanished into thin air; before it thoroughly disappeared, the throne had sent them away using a superior transmission spell. Jingbai clearly saw it happen but didn't bother to stop it.

He was the king of swords; there naturally was no need for him to bother with a drowning dog desperately trying to escape.

But the divine realm had invaded Earth this time and made this mess, so a show of strength was necessary.

Killing just 16-Winged God wasn't satisfying at all.

At this thought, Jingbai cut an opening in the sky with his sword fingers; this was an entrance which led directly to the divine realm.

Without too much thought and hands behind his back, he stepped into the space that led to the divine realm.

...

Meanwhile, Wang Ling, who had been watching the battle down below, was drawn into a snow-white spirit world. This was the throne's request after it was annihilated, and after thinking for a bit, Wang Ling agreed to it.

As the saying went, a man spoke true on the brink of death...

Wang Ling saw what the throne looked like after death: it was a man whose features weren't clear. He had a pair of wings, and he seemed to be suspended slightly in the air like a phantom.

When men died, they became spirits; when gods died, they became nothing.

This was the phantom of the throne after death.

"I lost." The throne opened his mouth. It seemed that there was some remorse in his tone, but it was clearly too late for regrets.

Wang Ling gazed at the throne, his expression as calm as an ancient well.

"You harbor many doubts in your heart; you can find the answers to these doubts in the divine realm." The throne's voice rang out lightly.

Wang Ling didn't reply.

Nevertheless, the throne had guessed right; Wang Ling was indeed perplexed.

Especially after learning that there was a divine realm, he was even more bewildered.

He was wondering if the divine realm had any way to help him control his power.

He was wondering what the way of life in the divine realm was like.

The thing he wondered about the most... was whether the divine realm had crispy noodle snacks to eat...

The phantom of the throne looked at Wang Ling. "There is nothing in your past and future; do you know why? I believe this is what you're wondering about the most..."

Wang Ling: "..."

"I'm going to disappear. The death of a god is something of a relief."

Speaking up to this point, the phantom's lower half had already begun to fade. He turned to face Wang Ling. "Have you ever wondered why you're still single..."

Wang Ling's face was unruffled.

"When you put a seal on your strength, you also sealed off your emotions..."

"..."

"You're destined to become one of us, but the time is not yet right..."

By then, most of the phantom had already disappeared.

Before he completely vanished, he left Wang Ling with one last sentence: "Perhaps once you've gotten old, you'll go dancing in the square with many other gods in the divine realm..."

"..."

...

The divine realm was a place Jingbai had almost forgotten.

It was a bright world lush with vegetation and countless spiritual bodies traveling back and forth - these very spirits were deities.

The moment Jingbai stepped into the divine realm, these spiritual bodies gathered from far and wide to ultimately take the shape of a divine figure, and an ethereal voice rang out in the sky. "Winged Gods of the divine realm remind you: routes are countless, safety is the priority. With unregulated intrusions, your loved ones may end up in tears 1 ..."

1(Adapted from a line in "The Wandering Earth..") This was 98-Winged God.

"Tell your Thousand-Winged God to come see me." Jingbai raised his hand. Sword light shot out from his fingers, and 98-Winged God was instantly annihilated.

Jingbai couldn't be bothered to talk rubbish with 98-Winged God.

This was the first fusion, and he couldn't maintain it for very long; he had to solve everything as quickly as possible.

The godly power here was like an ocean, the infinite energy like great billows of waves. Anyone from the Domain of the Gods who came here would be instantly disintegrated, to say nothing of Earth cultivators; their bodies were so weak that they would be instantly crushed to dust by the energy pressure. If he wasn't in his merged state, Jingbai also wouldn't dare linger here for too long.

Thus, what Jingbai saw in the divine realm were all spiritual bodies. They lived in a different form that was similar to wind and light, yet not. It was only when there was a foreign enemy invasion that the spiritual bodies would combine and turn into winged gods.

The more wings they had, the stronger they were.

The gods in the divine realm shared all their wisdom, memories and awareness.

When Jingbai cut down 98-Winged God, he could clearly perceive the cries of grief of the roving spiritual bodies in the sky: it was the sobbing of infants, the bawling of children, and the distressed and teary words of adults.

After 98-Winged God vanished, Jingbai waited for a handful of seconds. In an instant, the spiritual bodies around him coalesced in the sky like countless fish piling up on each other, starting from the legs and slowly working upward to form thighs, torso, hands, neck, head, and finally, a hundred wings on the back.

"I said, have your Thousand-Winged God come see me!" Jingbai's hand was already raised to kill this Hundred-Winged God in front of him.

Hundred-Winged God cried out for mercy. "Please show mercy, Your Majesty."

Jingbai stopped. "It seems you have reflected on yourselves?"

Hundred-Winged God flapped his wings, and innumerable divine feathers drifted down like petals, making for a comfortable and peaceful air.

In the next second, these perfect, pure white feathers formed runes in the sky and then turned into a holy scroll which fell into Jingbai's hand.

"What's this?" Jingbai didn't open it.

"Thousand-Winged God's reflective essay," Hundred-Winged God replied. He shrunk down in size as a sign of respect so that he was on eye level with Jingbai; like a little brother, he didn't dare act rashly.

"Only one essay? Not enough, not enough!" Jingbai snorted.

"Then, Your Majesty means..."

"Following Earth's calendar, before my master's summer vacation is over, Thousand-Winged God has to write one reflection a day. Also, is your Thousand-Winged God not going to atone in some other way besides writing reflective essays?"

"Your Excellency Jingbai, we will do so. It's in the essay..." Hundred-Winged God wiped his sweat. "We have decided to restore the planets Divine Dao Star devoured. In addition, we will punish the phantom of 16-Winged God who acted for his own benefit as well as Star Lord of Divine Dao Star..."

"You were the ones who created the Divine Dragons, so punish them as you see fit. But is there nothing else apart from this?" Jingbai asked.

"Of... of course there is..." Hundred-Winged God said. "We will resurrect all the innocent creatures who died during this battle... and send someone to establish diplomatic relations between Divine Dao Star and the Domain of the Gods..." said Hundred-Winged God weakly.

"Think again." Jingbai frowned.

"Then, besides the Domain of the Gods, we will also establish diplomatic relations with Earth..." Hundred-Winged God panicked a little.

"Wrong! Think again!" Jingbai was a little anxious and put his finger to Hundred-Winged God's neck. "If you still can't think of it, I'll stab you to death with my finger, and have your Thousand-Winged God do the thinking in your place!"

"Crispy noodle snacks! We'll give you a planet of crispy noodle snacks!!"

"Not bad, you can be taught..."

Jingbai nodded and drew back his finger.





Chapter 929 Establishing Diplomatic Relations With Alien Planets


In the divine realm, countless phantoms roamed the air.

Jingbai opened a new passage in the air with a flick of his fingers, stepped through, and left. Every single one of the trembling phantoms let out sighs of relief at having survived the disaster. All sorts of emotions tangled together: panic, shudders, joy... Their feelings resonated, and in an instant, soared to a sublime level!

A golden ball of light slowly coalesced in the sky as petals wafted through the air. Formidable godly power spread out, and the phantoms nearby all kept away, not daring to come close.

Hundred-Winged God folded his wings and kowtowed to the golden ball of light. "Lord Thousand-Winged God..."

The ball of light, which was a manifestation of Thousand-Winged God's consciousness, spoke in a voice that shook and echoed incessantly in the divine realm. "Is he finally gone..."

"He's gone, Lord God..."

"He's gone, at long last..."

The godly ball sighed. "I'm also to blame for this. I forgot to tell the Divine Dragons not to provoke Earth. The Earthlings might look weak, but that planet is the most unpredictable."

Speaking of this, fear still lingered in Hundred-Winged God's heart. "So anyone who assaults Earth, no matter the distance, will be punished?"

"That's how it is."

The godly ball broke out in a cold sweat. "You will be in charge of establishing diplomatic relations with both the Domain of the Gods and Earth - don't leave either one out."

"Yes..."

"As for the liberation and resurrection of the people, this also has to be done perfectly."

"Yes..."

"The most important is crispy noodle snacks! The most important is crispy noodle snacks! The most important is crispy noodle snacks!"

"Yes..."

Hundred-Winged God: "Then, in Lord God's opinion... what form should this crispy noodle snack planet take..."

"Make a planet out of crispy noodle snack ingredients. It cannot be smaller than the sun."

"Alright..."

...

Elsewhere, Wang Ming, Zhai Yin and the other research staff at the research institute all breathed sighs of relief when the abnormal energy fluctuations on Earth completely disappeared.

"The data gauges have finally been stabilized..."

"That was close! I thought that the Earth was going to explode just now! But what on earth is going on?"

"The abnormal energy is identical to the energy fluctuations six years ago when the Gate Between Worlds descended... Could it be a space leak?"

"Space leak? Then can we block it with Whisper pads..."

After surviving this disaster, many of the researchers collapsed on the ground, sweating profusely. Their emotions were complicated as they felt both weak and joyful. Just when the abnormal energy fluctuations in the Earth's core had been about to reach a detonation point, the fluctuations suddenly disappeared.

In fact, research institutes in all the other nations weren't in any much better state than Wang Ming's. The whole world was in a complete mess.

But fortunately, this abnormal energy had vanished in time...

At that moment, Wang Ming received a phone call from President Qi.

Zhai Yin led him out of the lab to a secure room to answer the call.

"Little Ming." President Qi's voice sounded from the other end of the call. "Have you figured out the cause of the accident?"

"Old Qi, I was going to ask you about it; I'm still a little confused here myself." Dropping his forehead into his hand, Wang Ming sighed. "But perhaps there is someone who knows what's going on."

"Do you mean Guo Ping..." President Qi was Wang Ming's teacher after all, and quickly deciphered his meaning.

"The rumor is that Uncle Guo Ping is already dead, but I think he may still be alive, and moreover, has found the source of that abnormal energy back then," Wang Ming said. "And while I currently don't have any direct proof, based on my analysis, my guess is that this may be an energy-devouring phenomenon."

"Go on," President Qi said.

In fact, he also already had a theory himself, but he wanted to hear Wang Ming's opinion.

This was the disciple he was most proud of, after all.

"This energy came out of the Earth's core and expanded outward elliptically, assimilating all spirit qi in its path. My conjecture thus is that this was a premeditated engulfment, and after this abnormal energy covered the whole Earth... I'm afraid something like a black hole would have absorbed the Earth," Wang Ming replied.

"I was thinking more or less the same thing."

President Qi nodded. "Tonight, there will be an international video conference of research institutes. You will attend to explain the likely cause of this event."

"Me? Old Qi, you're not going?"

"There's something I need to look into. In any case, it's just trivial chatter."

President Qi said, "Your identity is a secret, so you'll need to hide it well for the video conference tonight. I remember the institute has leopard fetus transformation pills; your face will soften after eating one. Find someone adept to mold your face."

Wang Ming nodded. "Okay!"

When it came to face-molding, Zhai Yin was actually pretty skillful, as girls were more careful. Although Zhai Yin handled things casually, after she started learning how to cook in the last few months, Wang Ming realized that she was quite an attentive person - although the food she cooked wasn't edible, it undeniably looked good!

...

Half an hour before the video conference, Wang Ming had already taken a leopard fetus transformation pill.

Zhai Yin held Wang Ming's face in her hands. "Tell me, what do you want to look like?"

Wang Ming didn't pause to think about it. "Please make me look like Zhuo Yi, but make sure to give me a pair of dead fish eyes, thank you."

Zhai Yin: "..."

At the international video conference that evening, the experts of research institutes from various countries came together. They were all world-renowned bigwigs in the cultivation black tech industry.

Zhai Yin sat next to Wang Ming. The people she saw on the screen were all familiar faces that had appeared in authoritative magazines on scientific magic treasures.

"What's the name of that good-looking one with the oval face?" Zhai Yin pointed to a little brother seated in the video.

The little brother's looks weren't bad, and he unexpectedly reminded Zhai Yin of some actor's familiar face, but she couldn't recall his name at the moment.

"This phD holder is called Zhai T Lin 1 . He published on a smart paper-writing device in a magazine previously. This writing device can calculate and extrapolate from existing research on scientific magic artifacts to draw inferences, and following a standard pattern, ultimately turn it into a new paper. What a brilliant trick! Such a dashing technique! Even the CNKI 2 wouldn't notice!"

1(Zhai Tianlin is a Chinese actor who was stripped of his doctoral degree after evidence of plagiarism.)

2(Chinese National Knowledge Infrastructure..) "..."

"I heard when this device was invented, it was already well received at the Spring Festival alone this year! Half the scientific circle congratulated him. However, some experts also say it will have a severe impact on fairness in academia, so until now, this paper-writing device has yet to go on sale."

"Then... who is that elderly lady with the square face?"

"That is Teacher Jia Tingyue, the inventor of the transnational underwater tunnel. She's pretty amazing. Actually, she's a foreign citizen with Huaxiu ancestry. When she built the tunnel and crossed the sea to Mixiu nation back then, she settled down there... and never came back..."





Chapter 930 Wang Ming's Video Conference


From what Wang Ming and Zhai Yin could see, magic treasure scientific experts from all over the world were attending this video conference, some of whom were heavyweight figures. Wang Ming's gaze swept over them before his eyes turned slightly disappointed.

"Aren't they very amazing people? Why do you look a little unhappy?" said Zhai Yin.

"There are too few inventors; the ones I mentioned just now are the famous ones, while the rest are research cannon."

Zhai Yin: "Weapons?"

Wang Ming: "Mouth cannons 1 ."

1(Refers to "braggarts" in Chinese.) Zhai Yin: "..."

The "mouth cannon" was a mystical thing; it could trigger a war, but it could also bring peace. There were people in this world who could even freely use the art of the mouth cannon to wash someone clean or throw mud at them. The only limitation was that it took three times the effort to wash someone clean than to blacken their name...

No wonder Old Qi hadn't wanted to attend this meeting; it looked like he already knew who would be attending.

Wang Ming's lips thinned.

A superior's order was the law! He had no reason to refuse Old Qi.

After thinking for a while, Wang Ming let out a sigh.

Actually, he didn't have to listen to them speak; he'd just treat it as an amusement.

In any case, they were just a bunch of armchair strategists.

Language barriers weren't a problem in this video conference, since any talk would be translated in real time by a built-in software.

In other words, when a person spoke in their mother tongue in the video, the software would translate his words into a language that everyone could understand.

After twenty minutes or so, the video conference began.

Experts from different countries appeared on the screen in very small windows that densely packed the online conference room. It was only when they were saying something that the smart video screen would pick it up and their window would be enlarged.

Wang Ming didn't rush to put forward his theory, but wanted to listen to what the foreign experts had to say.

At that moment, a window suddenly enlarged, and an uncle with a full beard in a white coat and a white canvas hat spoke.

The real-time interpretation software translated his words into a heavy "curry" accent. "Friends from all across the world, hello. I am the head of Magic Treasure Studies and lead professor of the Strategic Magic Treasure Research Society in Yinxiu nation. My name is Rossi Zeus Suess; you can call me Suess. Regarding the explosion of abnormal energy this time, my society has a new analytical report on it."

A lot of people in the video instantly quieted down. Some sat upright and still as they looked at this Professor Suess with serious expressions, while some bent their heads and seemed to be jotting down things in a notebook.

Wang Ming didn't know very much about this Professor Suess, so couldn't make much comment.

But someone who could become the head of Yinxiu's research institute should be really something.

"Our preliminary conclusion is that the abnormal energy fluctuations this time is likely largely connected to our Yinxiu's famous dish, curry."

Wang Ming and Zhai Yin took deep breaths at the same time. "..."

Sure enough, heads of institutes nowadays knew how to spout nonsense.

Professor Suess spoke very confidently. "Everyone should know how delicious our Indian curry is; our most famous signature curry rice paste is endorsed by international film celebrity Mr Wang Jingze 2 . Since the energy fluctuations this time have troubled everyone, our Yinxiu nation will take full responsibility. Our king has already decided to give every nation a twenty percent discount on curry orders! So..."

2(The spoilt city teenager who went viral for refusing to eat fried rice on a village program before doing an about face to say it was delicious ..) When he said that, Professor Suess's video feed was directly cut off.

Zhai Yin: "What happened?"

Wang Ming chuckled. "The super admin banned him."

Zhai Yin was taken aback. "There's even a super admin here..."

"He's with the United Nations. All international video conferences are regulated by super admins. Since Yinxiu nation's financial affairs this year aren't looking good, I guess this head had no choice and was forced to do some promotion through this video conference." Wang Ming smiled wickedly.

Although Professor Suess's video feed had been cut off by the super admin, he had already achieved his advertising purpose...

A recording of the video conference would be backed up for the leaders of various nations, and there would inevitably be those who would want to buy curry when they saw the video.

For the sake of selling curry, Professor Suess was banned from speaking for seventy-two hours.

But not long before Professor Suess went offline, another window expanded to reveal a scientist in a white lab coat who was as robust as a bear. "Hello, everyone, I am Elizabeth Putin from Maoxiu."

This was a Maossian.

The people of Maoxiu were famous for fighting, and the nation was still a military power.

Wang Ming knew quite a bit about this group of people, and felt that some of them were pretty talented. That was because many of the latest weapons currently being developed by Huaxiu's research institute was in collaboration with researchers from Maoxiu nation.

"Everyone, based on our analysis, we suspect that the abnormal energy fluctuations this time was a devouring phenomenon."

As Wang Ming expected, this Mr Elizabeth from Maoxiu nation shared his view.

Wang Ming saw all the international experts raise their heads at this and send strings of bullet messages.

Zhai Yin was startled yet again. "You can even send bullet messages?"

"It's a video conference, after all. Too many questions are asked, so a bullet message function was embedded in international video conferencing. Similarly, the software will directly translate the words," said Wang Ming.

Zhai Yin: "..."

After that, a lot of bullet messages flew over this Maossian's head.

Many people were asking what the devouring phenomenon was.

Thus, this expert explained, "To put it simply, this sudden phenomenon was very likely part of an alien invasion, but for some reason, they suddenly decided to abandon it, which is why the abnormal energy we detected went back to normal.

"If they hadn't decided to give up, our Earth would have been completely in the grips of this energy in less than a day." This Maossian expert spoke very vividly; as he explained the situation, he also gestured with his hands. "So, to deal with any future invasion from an alien civilization, and in the event that they attempt to devour the earth, I propose that cultivators all over the world unite and immediately launch the Wandering Earth project!"

The Wandering Earth project...

Realization dawned on everyone and they were stunned by this grand plan.

"Are there any specifics for this operation?" someone raised a hand and asked.

The Maossian expert raised one finger and replied, "The first step! Build new toilets on one side of the Earth! And we have to build a lot of them! My initial plan is to build a toilet park with enough toilets for half the cultivators on the planet!"

Wang Ming was shaken.

Building toilets... What kind of operation was that...





Chapter 931 Push the Earth


The Maossian expert was impassioned as he spoke. He was clearly very confident in the entire plan. When he took out his blueprints on the screen, it was a thick wad of hundreds of papers covered in all kinds of diagrams, formulas and simulation test results. It was very obvious that this Maossian specialist had been planning this for a very long time, and was just waiting for a chance to implement it.

Actually, every nation had been exploring the problem of an alien invasion all these years.

What they would be facing was a clash of different cultures; whether it was friendly diplomatic ties or a hostile invasion, it would spark conflict.

Thus, the problem which research institutes all over the world had been studying was how to use existing means to control these sparks so that they didn't ignite and the cultural exchange didn't turn into a global nuclear catastrophe.

But it was very clear that the Maossian expert's proposal would be a major undertaking.

"Why do we have to build toilets?" Someone raised the question.

"As we all know, our world is currently short of spirit qi. Before we find a reliable energy substitute for spirit qi, and as long as mankind exists, my plan for sustainable development will allow us to carry on."

The Maossian expert said, "We will build a total of two billion ergonomic toilets for Soul Formation cultivators. While we don't have that many Soul Formation cultivators in the world, setting the Soul Formation stage as the standard is also for the sake of the future. If even Soul Formation cultivators can use these toilets without any problems, then naturally so can cultivators below this level."

"So, the first step in Mr Elizabeth's plan is to construct a toilet park, and build two billion Soul Formation-standard toilets? What on earth for?"

"Of course, to guard against alien invasion and push the Earth out of the Solar System!"

After Professor Elizabeth said this, the entire video conference fell into a long silence.

They couldn't believe their ears, but were indeed awed at this Moassian expert's crazy and bold idea.

"Push it out of the Solar System? How do we do that?" After a long period of bewilderment, someone finally raised the crucial question.

The Maossian expert gave his earnest analysis: "Your imagination is lacking! You should already have had some idea after hearing about the toilet park! I already said that the Earth is currently short of spirit qi; there isn't enough of it to compress and turn into a driving force to push our Earth out of the Solar System.

"I saw someone ask in the bullet messages earlier whether True Immortal cultivators can join hands to push the Earth out - that won't work either! It's true that a fight between True Immortal cultivators can indeed destroy the Earth, but when it comes to pushing it out of the Solar System, even strength at True Immortal level wouldn't make it move."

Saying this, the Maossian expert showed them an image.

It was a construction blueprint for a gigantic propulsion system. Not only had Professor Elizabeth drawn it in extreme detail, even the specific parameters were marked accordingly.

"This is my preliminary concept." Professor Elizabeth said, "My initial notion is for cultivators from all over the world at the Golden Core stage and above to come together and use the toilets in the toilet park, and the foul qi from their bodies will be converted into a driving force. Oh, that's right, the foul qi has another name that is easy to understand — fart!"

Everyone: "..."

"The equipment you're looking at can break down and solidify their foul qi in a short span of time, and extract the substances with a combustible effect. As everyone knows, the fart of a cultivator is different from that of an ordinary person; I don't know if any of you have experimented when you farted before. Apart from some harmful substances, our farts can in fact be recycled as energy."

"..."

"The fart of an ordinary person is comprised of 59% nitrogen, 21% hydrogen, 9% carbon dioxide, 7% methane, 3% oxygen and 1% of other things. On top of these, our farts as cultivators contain some Yin spirit qi, which is also a waste gas we produce when we cycle spirit energy through our bodies. The higher a cultivator's realm, the more the Yin spirit qi."

"..."

"If it's concentrated enough, we can use the Yin spirit qi discharged from our bodies and combine it with methane and turn it into a power source for the propulsion system. Finally, we can light up the Earth! Burst out of the Solar System! Find a new sun, and start a brand new life!"

"..."

"Oh, that's right, it may take a very long time to implement this plan, and our future generations might have to complete it. However, it truly is a plan of the people! Furthermore, it'll boost the sweet potato economy, and in the very distant future, the sales volume of sweet potatoes will reach its peak! This humble man isn't talented, but I have already thought of a slogan! —'Eat sweet potatoes together, the family is better! You deserve the Wandering Earth project!'"

"..."

When the Maossian said this, the experts from all over the world who were at this video conference were all stupefied at these outrageous words, and even dropped the gel ink pens in their hands from the shock.

Wang Ming silently turned off the screen, and reflected deeply on his own life.

...

It was September 1st on Friday, the nineteenth day of the summer break.

Today, Chen Chao, Guo Hao and Su Xiao, who comprised the Number 60 High squad that visited the Office of Strategic Deception's Internet cafe, were all wildly excited.

Chen Chao and the others had contributed in the smooth confrontation against Divine Dao Star's Star Lord, and Guo Ping had said in the game previously that they would receive a reward from the Internet cafe at the end of the game.

Since it had been said, they naturally had to see it through to the end.

Lord Thunder wasn't a stingy person, and straightaway placed an online order for three identical virtual game pods to be delivered to the homes of the trio.

Their parents were dumbfounded - they had no idea at all when their sons had formed a connection with the Office of Strategic Deception. In addition, the sect head had even bought the newest virtual game pod on the market and had them delivered to their homes. One deluxe virtual game pod cost several million!

While Father and Mother Chen expressed their thanks, they also very quietly asked the staff who came by to install the pod, "Will it affect his studies?"

"Rest assured, our sect head had these machines custom-made. Until the college entrance exam is over, there is a daily time limit on its use. Also, the pod has a game called Fengxian Prefecture : users will need to complete a daily set of exam questions, otherwise they won't be able to play any other game. Of course, if they find this troublesome, they can wait until the fire melts all the locks, the dogs finish licking up all the flour, and the chickens finish pecking all the rice grains 1 ... only then will they be able to play."

1(From the story of Fengxian prefecture in "Journey to The West .. ") Father and Mother Chen: "..."





Chapter 932 A Diplomatic Gift


Chen Chao and the others were wild with excitement after receiving the game pods.

"The Office of Strategic Deception really gave us such a great gift this time!" In the Grade One, Class Three squad chat group, Chen Chao shared pictures of the game pod from various angles.

Fang Xing sent a grinning emoji. "Not posting them in WeChat Moments?"

"Senior Zhuo Yi already called to tell us to keep it under wraps. Getting this gift is more than enough; there's no need to share it on WeChat." Chen Chao said off-handedly, "But it's a bit of a pity; somehow, I feel like I've forgotten something about the virtual game we played yesterday."

Right after he said that, Guo Hao and Su Xiao also agreed.

Guo Hao: "Chao? You feel like you forgot something, too? How strange... I feel the same."

Su Xiao tensed up. "Don't tell me it's a side effect?"

"Don't worry, it can't be a side effect."

Fang Xing reassured them. "The virtual game pods you experienced are the latest model, and the game you played is the newest one. The game pod was designed to be connected to the brain, but in order not to overload yours, forgetting is in fact a normal phenomenon after coming out of the pod. Furthermore, the game you experienced yesterday was a restricted beta version which is still a secret."

This speech was something Fang Xing and everyone at the Office of Strategic Deception had settled on after some discussion.

Actually, the memories of the Number 60 High School squad had been tampered with after the game.

Divine Dao Star was going to establish diplomatic relations with Earth right away, and Guo Ping, a distant uncle of Guo Hao's who did research, would become their space ambassador.

If Chen Chao and the others still remembered the incident with Guo Ping... The whole thing would be blown open.

...

It was September 2nd, the twentieth day of the summer vacation.

Guo Ping, who had disappeared in outer space on a mission, returned to Earth, shocking the entire world.

But most importantly, Guo Ping brought back a gift from Divine Dao Star this time: it was something which Star Lord of Divine Dao Star called a "cosmic gem." Now, it had become an important symbol of the establishment of diplomatic relations between mankind and Divine Dao Star.

Guo Ping and the head of state together attended a meeting held in the United Nations summit conference room. True Immortal head of states from every country were gathered together; it was an imposing and powerful atmosphere to astonish anyone.

The conference was made public this time, and the whole world followed the meeting proceedings closely. This was the first time mankind was establishing diplomatic relations with an alien civilization, and it seemed everyone was being very cautious.

The heads of all the countries were similarly worried about expansion by alien civilizations.

They were basically the type to be vigilant in times of peace. This was a group of very suspicious people, so Guo Ping naturally couldn't give a truthful account. Otherwise, there would be one or two leaders at this summit who would definitely start to deploy measures to defend against an alien invasion... If this led to a misunderstanding, that would be a real issue.

When you hung out with your friends, you would never carry a fruit knife on you to guard against them, would you?

That would be an act of mistrust...

All these heads of state were overly suspicious people. Guo Ping knew the importance of his report this time. He wanted to put an end to these leaders' paranoia.

After all, with Miss Bai Qiao and Student Wang Ling this good luck charm around, Divine Dao Star would no longer act presumptuously toward Earth anymore.

"Professor Guo, will you please give your report on Divine Dao Star first," said Oligei, Mixiu nation's dark-skinned head of state.

Behind him stood his personal bodyguard — it was none other than the hero cultivator Silky Web Heroine of the Mixiu Alliance of Cultivators.

Immortal Toya had met Silky Web Heroine once before, and had been utterly amazed at how she spurted spider silk from her butt in the battle with Devil Gut Fungus Lord.

Silky Web Heroine initially wasn't going to be at this conference because of her abnormal spider silk ejection (also known as abnormal leukorrhea). However, considering this was the first time that mankind was establishing diplomatic ties with an alien civilization, Silky Web Heroine had spent a lot of money to get Immortal Toya to make medicine for her.

Ever since the battle with Devil Gut Fungus Lord, the Office of Strategic Deception's international sect standing had also improved markedly; as leader of the medicine team, Immortal Toya's reputation had also been boosted.

Now, the Office of Strategic Deception's medicine team was receiving more and more orders from abroad.

Mixiu nation was still the world leader in cultivation science and technology; when the country's dark-skinned leader spoke, the atmosphere in the meeting room instantly sobered.

Guo Ping sorted out his thoughts. He cleared his throat and delivered the statement he had prepared beforehand. "Hello, leaders. I am a researcher with Huaxiu's Cultivation and Magic Treasure Research Institute. My name is Guo Ping. Six years ago, I was sent on a mission. However, I was accidentally sucked into a black hole. When I finally fell out, it happened to be on Divine Dao Star, billions of light years away..."

Guo Ping had specially altered this part. He didn't mention the energy string, which was Wang Ling's hair, that had acted as a power source... Otherwise, that would definitely cause a sensation.

Of course, Guo Ping himself didn't know that this so-called energy string was Wang Ling's hair...

This was something "developed" by Wang Ming.

This energy string had even enabled Wang Ming to obtain a year-end bonus from the research institute.

"Divine Dao Star is much further away than we thought. With the assistance of Star Lord of Divine Dao Star, they helped me upgrade my spaceship and used existing black hole technology to help me return to Earth.

"I believe everyone has also seen their diplomatic gift. This is a cosmic gem which can generate energy infinitely; we can use existing equipment to extract the energy from the cosmic gem for the continuation of spirit qi on Earth.

"Not only that, the cosmic gem can also circulate and purify spirit qi. As long as it isn't damaged, it will be a never-ending source of spirit qi for the Earth.

"In short, the civilization on Divine Dao Star has developed in more or less the same way as Earth. It is a vast and abundant planet with many unique resources. It is the first planet to establish friendly ties with Earth, and I feel that we Earthlings should also come up with a matching list of gifts in return."

After Guo Ping said this, the various country leaders whispered to each other.

In terms of sincerity, this gift of a "cosmic gem" from Divine Dao Star was really of great significance, and it had to be said that it would solve Earth's most pressing situation at present...

Several thousand years down the line, the spirit qi on Earth would be completely used up and cultivators would no longer exist.

This replenishing cosmic gem was the same as giving all the cultivators in the world new hope.

At that moment, Huaxiu's head of state said, "How about this: after this meeting, each country will offer up a gift. What do you think?"

Feixiu's head of state raised his hand weakly. "Can... can we give them golden soil 1 ?"

1(A literal translation of Jinkela, the brand name of a fertilizer addictive whose over-the-top ad was turned into a meme ..) Guo Ping: "Your Excellency Head of State of Feixiu, please think it over carefully... Divine Dao Star's agriculture is very advanced; they don't need golden soil."





Chapter 933 Jingke and Bai Qiao


Gifts for establishing diplomatic ties were very important. The heads of state didn't straightaway decide what their gifts would be during the live broadcast of the meeting this time. A cosmic gem was deeply significant, and it wouldn't be easy for them to offer a gift of the same value... Thus, those at the meeting who proposed to offer their local specialties as gifts were immediately vetoed.

Even if they did offer a gift pack containing the local specialties of the various countries, this would only be one item on the list. Specialty snacks could only be regarded as extras and in no way the main gift; otherwise, the people of Divine Dao Star would definitely laugh at mankind.

In terms of the vast array of local specialties in Huaxiu alone, they could create a huge snack pack.

That same day, the Academy of Science received a task: They had to use their huge amount of data to choose the 100 most popular precious specialties and snacks...

The instruments at the Academy of Science were very efficient, and that night, they came up with a list of items based on the volume of online market orders.

Latiao , bubblegum, figs, AD calcium milk, five-spice beans, hot and sour fish, sweet melon seeds, Pop Rocks... A number of nostalgic snacks were on the list.

After the Magic Artifact Research Institute released the list, Wang Ming immediately shared a copy with Wang Ling.

Wang Ling gave the list a look.

Mm...

Crispy noodle snacks weren't on the list.

Wang Ming sent a text message to explain: "Relax. Actually, crispy noodle snacks ranked pretty high, but I tampered with the list and deleted it. How can such a good snack be given to aliens to eat!"

Reading this message, which looked like it was waiting for praise, Wang Ling was blank at first.

After a long time, he replied to Wang Ming, "You have received +1 favor from Wang Ling..."

"Why is it only +1? Shouldn't it be +999?" Wang Ming frowned.

Staring at the screen, Wang Ling laughed gently.

He knew his idiot older brother's personality too well - this guy couldn't be praised casually, or he would definitely be walking on air!

However, Wang Ming was still so incredibly happy that he didn't sleep a wink that night.

...

It was September 3rd, the twenty-first day of the summer vacation.

The number of online users playing Bai Qiao's game Cultivation Emulator had officially broken fifty million, which was an unprecedented number in the history of online gaming. The new game Apex Hero which was ranked second only had a few million online users.

The main thing was that this was only the number of players for the second round of beta testing. For the second round, Wang Ming had deliberately relaxed the limit on the number of account applications and had given out tens of millions of beta accounts; in the end, they were still all snapped up in a matter of seconds.

Even Bai Qiao herself never expected the game she had created to actually be so popular.

If this trend continued, it might become the first online game with more than 100 million users once the official version was released.

But there were two sides to every coin. Some people liked the game, and naturally there would be some who hated it.

Bai Qiao scrolled through the ratings for the game. The average rating for Cultivation Emulator on the various major game review websites was 8.3, which was quite a good score. However, her complexion turned a little ugly after she clicked open the assessment page, because there were actually a lot of one-star negative comments in the comments section.

At the front desk of the Office of Strategic Deception's Internet cafe, Bai Qiao skimmed through these bizarre negative comments.

Some even gave odd reasons.

Negative comment 1: ★☆☆☆☆

Comment: I've never played this game, but the name doesn't sound nice. I don't like it.

Negative comment 2: ★☆☆☆☆

Comment: It's unusual to have too high a score, so I deliberately gave a one-star rating to bring down this abnormally high score. To be honest, it's disappointing that our country's games have developed to this worrying extent. Mixiu has already released so many games with a similar theme; this game just added the cultivation element. I haven't played it, but I think it's nothing new. Even in terms of game design and special effects, it can't compare with Mixiu's games. I don't know why there are so many five-star comments. Disappointing!

Negative comment 3: ★★☆☆☆

Comment: There was a commemorative CD for the game's beta test, and I initially wanted to give it to my boyfriend to cheer him up. In the end, the express delivery went missing. When my boyfriend contacted the courier who specializes in delivering games, the courier had a bad attitude, asking if he was a small bitch or a big bitch. Not only did the courier lose the delivery, he even cursed other people and called them bitches. How can we be relieved playing such a game?

Additional Comment: Sorry. I asked my boyfriend again, and he said that the courier didn't scold him, but was asking if it was a small delivery or a large delivery 1 ... My boyfriend got it wrong. May I ask if the rating can be modified? I realize that I can't change it, how embarrassing.

1(贱 in 贱货 'bitch' and 件 in 大件货 'large delivery' are homophones ('jian') in Chinese.) Negative comment 4: ★☆☆☆☆

Comment: Sorry, it's me again, I was the one who wrote the last comment. After my boyfriend played this game, he found it boring. I initially registered for this alternate account to give five stars, but my boyfriend said it wasn't a fun game, sorry...

Skimming through these comments, the ahoge on top of Bai Qiao's head was about to explode in anger. "This group of trolls! What are they squawking about online?! How can they simply evaluate the game without ever playing it?"

"Mrs Boss, don't be mad. These are all cloud players, it's very normal. Besides cloud players, there are also cloud readers and cloud spectators 2 . Whether something is truly good or bad, they'll only go with the flow and think that what they believe is right." Next to Bai Qiao, Su Xing smiled.

2(Describing people as "clouds" refer to those who don't engage directly with the media itself ..) After the Office of Strategic Deception's Internet cafe resumed operation, there had been a lot of new customer registrations these days, and many sect heads had bought annual cards for the Internet cafe.

From what Su Xing could see, Bai Qiao was quite financially savvy, and wasn't just an ordinary female otaku.

Cultivation Emulator was now trending at home and abroad, and Bai Qiao promoted it online. As long as you played the game at the Office of Strategic Deception's Internet cafe, your game data would be saved on the Internet cafe's terminals.

This drew a lot of tourists to visit them.

At the same time, this drove of tourists also spurred the Office of Strategic Deception's other industries: the sect's internal spa center, the music center, the video game center, the immortal sword IMAX movie theater... all of them felt the impact of the Internet cafe as large numbers of rich tourists visited them.

"Anything that becomes a hit will definitely attract trolls. Mrs Boss, you just have to accept it," Su Xing placated her on the side.

Listening to him, Bai Qiao felt something wasn't right. "Wait, who are you calling Mrs Boss???"

"Lord Jingke is the boss, so aren't you the boss's wife..." Su Xing said.

Bai Qiao's entire face turned red. "Nonsense! I - I'm not the boss's wife! He's just a little brat! Besides, we've only joined together once! And it was only for ten minutes, he couldn't continue after that!"

Su Xing: "... Wasn't it because it was your first joining, so you couldn't keep it up for long..."

Hands on her hips, Bai Qiao lectured him. "In short, you're not allowed to call me that! I'm not the boss's wife!"

"Okay, Mrs Boss."

"Oh, right, go look for Jingke! I need to talk to him."

"No problem, Mrs Boss."

"..."





Chapter 934 Follow the Online Trail, Beat Up the Trolls


Su Xing had no idea what Bai Qiao wanted to do, but this Mrs Boss was known for her "tough" way of doing things. Although Su Xing hadn't known Mrs Boss Bai for long, her loud personality had left a very deep impression on his heart.

When he called the Wang family's small villa, it was Er Ha who answered the phone.

Listening to the reason for Su Xing's call, Er Ha couldn't help casting a glance up the stairs. Although Er Ha hadn't been part of the Divine Dao Star party, it had learned about exactly what had happened on Divine Dao Star from Xiao Yin.

And how did Xiao Yin know?

Naturally, it was Thunder who told him. They were now living under the same roof, so asking for any news was only a matter of minutes for Xiao Yin.

So Er Ha also knew about Jingke and Bai Qiao fusing together on Divine Dao Star...

This was where the problem lay.

Since the first meld with Bai Qiao, Jingke hadn't seemed like himself. Before coming downstairs to answer the phone, Er Ha had glanced at the bed.

Lord Jingke still lay next to Little Master Ling's pillow in his peach wood sword form. However... the blade had turned pink in color! And it was steaming all the time!

In the past two days, Mother Wang had been using Jingke as a facial steamer; it didn't need to be plugged in, and all she needed to do was stick her face in front of it. Furthermore, the moisturizing effect was exceptional - even her crow's feet disappeared!

Er Ha lifted its eyelids. Lord Jingke's current state was very worrying!

...

On the other side at the Office of Strategic Deception's Internet cafe, Bai Qiao sat at the counter and waited for over ten minutes before a space fissure opened in front of her and Jingke took one step through.

Bai Qiao was clearly unhappy with Jingke's tardiness. She folded her arms, a reproachful expression on her face. "You made me wait fifteen minutes! I hate it the most when people are late! But since it's the first time, I'll forgive you - there won't be a second time!"

"Mm." Jingke didn't waste words.

To be honest, he was a little nervous.

Especially when he was right in front of Bai Qiao, his thoughts couldn't help going back to the moment they had combined back then... he had never felt like that before, as if he was floating. His mind had gone blank and even his body felt light, ultimately leaving him with an immense sense of relaxation and pleasure...

But Jingke was too shy to express these feelings, and he had spent a long time forcing himself to calm down before he came.

Fortunately, the Wang family's fridge had also been enchanted, so Jingke had deliberately spent ten minutes in the freezer before meeting Bai Qiao...

Seeing that Jingke had arrived, Su Xing hurriedly hid some distance away to observe them in secret. He knew it was wrong to act like a third wheel, but he couldn't help his curiosity.

Also, this was the first time he was seeing Lord Jingke act like a young married woman, which astonished him.

"Hey, can't you smile a little? We have the same master. Why do you always look so dead and miserable every day?" Looking at Jingke, Bai Qiao couldn't help stretching out one hand to pinch his face, only to jerk it back at the ice-cold feeling as if she had been electrocuted. "Why are you so cold?"

Jingke didn't say a word. "..."

"Forget it." Bai Qiao pulled Jingke over by the hem of his clothes to sit down next to her. She then tapped on the mouse and the keyboard to screenshot a dozen or so of the more excessive one-star negative comments.

While Jingke didn't know what Bai Qiao wanted to do, he could already make a faint guess.

Folding her arms, Bai Qiao stared at Jingke. "I'm your scabbard, so isn't it your duty as the blade to protect me?"

"Hm?" Jingke tilted his head. "Mm..."

Somehow, this relationship seemed to have been turned on its head - shouldn't it be the scabbard that protected the blade?

But after careful consideration, Jingke acquiesced for the time being, because he wanted to hear what other bizarre theories Bai Qiao was going to come up with.

"Hey, why aren't you the least bit fired up?!"

Bai Qiao sighed. "The correct thing for you to do at this moment is get down on your knees and shout for the world to hear: 'Jingke, this small general, is willing to lay down his life for Bai Qiao'! Only then will that create the mood!"

Jingke: "..."

"Forget it... You're just as bone-headed as our master." Head aching, Bai Qiao rubbed the skin between her eyebrows. She felt like she had never spoken so much before, but when she was with Jingke, she inevitably became more talkative.

She pointed at the negative comments on the screen. "I want you to clean this up for me."

Her plan was in fact more or less what Jingke had guessed.

Jingke looked at the screen and said very slowly, "You, should, look, for, Wang Ming."

"It'd be too boring to ask him for help. He can purge these comments with one wave of his hand behind the scenes, but aren't these keyboard warriors who wantonly make negative comments still at large?"

Bai Qiao shrugged. "I already have their addresses. With your strength, you can open space and get there in seconds, can't you?

"I want you to ferret them out one by one, ask them why they gave negative comments, then have them apologize! Finally, they have to delete these negative comments! If they don't... hmph... Don't blame me for being ruthless..."

"Want to, kill them?"

Jingke shook his head slowly. "Ling, won't, agree."

"This bunch of keyboard warriors don't contribute to society at all; they just wreck havoc all day long. Killing them would be letting them off too easy, so of course I can't kill them! This lady still has a good heart; I'm not a devil."

Bai Qiao chuckled. "Dealing with them is simple. If they don't have a good attitude, you can directly send them to Songhai First Prison and leave the rest to me."

When she said this, Bai Qiao smiled darkly. As a female game otaku, her technological skills might not be as good as Wang Ming or that Uncle Black behind Zhuo Yi, but they weren't too shabby either.

It had been a piece of cake for Bai Qiao to track down the addresses of these trolls through their IP addresses.

Of course, Bai Qiao's real plan wasn't just to track down the IP addresses of this bunch and have Jingke hunt them down.

She had also used a spiderbot on these IP addresses to track down all the other comments which this group had posted online... Back when Old Devil, Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu, and Evil Sword God were arrested, these trolls had unleashed a torrent of abuse online, clamoring that the cultivation police had handled things badly and cursing eighteen generations of the three mahjong bigwigs to high heaven.

Before Jingke followed the online trail to catch these trolls and send them to prison, Bai Qiao considered sending a screenshot of these comments first to that group of bigwigs in Songhai prison for a look...





Chapter 935 Put Up Or Shut Up!


Bai Qiao discovered that the users of these IP addresses had indeed made plenty of outrageous remarks online. They all had different occupations: some were civil servants, some were ordinary office workers, and some were school students. Bai Qiao had dug up every little detail on these men except for the color of their underwear.

Although their occupations, ages and personalities were different, they all had one thing in common: they were losers in life.

"I'll have a chat with them first in a short while. If they don't admit their mistakes, you will fly over to them directly, clear?" Bai Qiao said, pointing a latiao at Jingke.

"Mm..." Jingke nodded.

There was no helping it; his woman was too ferocious - he could only do as she wanted.

The first person they were going to look up had a Baowan IP address. This was a province of Huaxiu, but it was a little special as it was located on a small island just across from the Huaxiu mainland. It had been part of Huaxiu since ancient times, and was an inseparable piece of land.

The IP address coordinates were for a place called Repayment Game Studio, which mainly made horror games. Cultivation Emulator' s popularity had sent the studio's designers off-kilter, and they had mobilized all their staff to post negative comments.

Bai Qiao naturally found the person responsible: the studio's boss.

Owner of Repayment Game Studio, Huang Youliang. Baowan native, 43 years old, mainly engaged in independent game development.

Because of Cultivation Emulator' s popularity, he had posted a large number of negative comments, and Bai Qiao had caught him in the act. From the same IP address, Bai Qiao also discovered other outrageous remarks which this Boss Huang Youliang had posted online... This man even insulted Huaxiu's leaders! How audacious!

Unable to bear it any longer, Bai Qiao straightaway used coercive means to directly interrogate Boss Huang.

Today, Boss Huang was still feeling very depressed and wronged. He was envious to death of Cultivation Emulator' s huge success. He made games too - why didn't he get the recognition he deserved? - No! This was the world's fault!

Sitting on the toilet, Boss Huang was about to log into his alternate account to wildly curse everything.

He had to poke his nose into local news: "What? Another stabbing in Huaxiu? It really isn't safe at home! It's still better overseas! Hurry up and migrate like me! The air abroad is so good! We never have haze! It has democracy and liberty! The moon is so round!"

He had to poke his nose into entertainment news: "What? Kun Kun is an NBA ambassador 1 ? Why is it this Kun Kun? I thought it would be my family's Kun Kun. My family's Kun Kun is so good! It's an internationally famous pet dog in Mixiu. How can your human Kun Kun compare with my foreign Kun Kun?"

1(Refers to singer Cai Xukun..) He had to poke his nose into community news: "Hey, it's like I said, local housing and commodities are expensive, it's much better abroad! Everything is cheap abroad! Only by living overseas can you continue to expand on a large scale! Hurry up and migrate with me!"

He had to poke his nose into lifestyle news: "I already said there's a lot of fake snacks at home! The rice is made from plastic! The cooking oil is recycled! I never eat them! Who knows what kind of oil rubbish snacks like potato chips, latiao or crispy noodle snacks have been deep fried in? I never touch them!"

Right after posting these words, Boss Huang suddenly felt a chill in his heart. Sitting on the toilet, it felt as if a pair of dead fish eyes were watching him from behind.

What was going on?

Why did it feel like a cold wind?

Boss Huang looked around. It was clearly a tiled wall behind him!

How could he feel like he was being watched inside a toilet cubicle in his studio?

"Hey! Boss Huang Youliang, do you know that your online comments are shit? You're a pain in the ass!" To make Boss Huang realize what he had done wrong, Bai Qiao deliberately used Baowan's distinctive accent to ask the question.

Inside the toilet, Boss Huang felt like his shit had all dried up. He had clearly been using his cell phone to post comments on the news when a Macao casino chat window suddenly popped up, as if his phone had a virus, and someone started interrogating him inside the chat.

"Who are you?" Boss Huang quickly typed into the chat.

"Who I am isn't important - what's important are your shitty comments! Do you know what you did was wrong? If you don't, I have a thousand ways to make you understand your mistakes!" Bai Qiao replied.

"You philistine, you're so lame. Who the hell are you? Only know how to hide behind a screen to cuss me out? I'm not afraid of a lameass like you. If you really have the ability, come out and fight me one-on-one. I can wreck ten of you!"

"So you won't apologize?" Bai Qiao confirmed for the last time.

"What apologize, are you nuts?!" Boss Huang was very stubborn.

This was the first time he had encountered such an interesting hacker, who was calling him out from behind a screen. Did this person actually think that his reputation was a false one? He, Huang Youliang, who cursed out countless people online and was nicknamed 'Baowan's Number One Keyboard Warrior'? Bickering with him was just courting death!

Boss Huang Youliang chuckled. Turning his phone screen off, he was about to wipe his butt when the scene in front of him suddenly changed. He had clearly been inside a toilet cubicle, but when he lifted his head at that moment, it seemed that he had appeared at the entrance to a prison...

"Songhai First Prison..."

Darting a look at the sign, Huang Youliang was instantly alarmed. Songhai city... was a long way from Baowan. How had he ended up here while taking a dump?

However, before Huang Youliang could figure out the situation, he saw a child in a white robe staring at him with a pair of dead fish eyes. Huang Youliang blinked, and Jingke disappeared.

At the same time, a laser infrared light swept forward and flashed in front of Boss Huang Youliang.

In a short ten seconds, a dozen or so men flying on swords and wearing immortal robes dropped from the sky. Holding law enforcement lasers and tranquilizer spirit bullet guns, they surrounded him.

Huang Youliang was terrified once more.

It was actually a cultivation police law enforcement unit...

One of them took out a loudspeaker and shouted at him, "The man taking a shit up ahead, freeze! You are surrounded by Songhai's cultivation police law enforcement unit!"

"..."

Boss Huang Youliang didn't even have time to put on his pants. He immediately held up his hands, a nervous expression on his face. "Why are you arresting me?! What crime have I committed?!"

A captain jumped down from his immortal sword and said to Huang Youliang, "Huang Youliang, you are under arrest for breaking online security management laws: you've been using alternate accounts to post comments online in an attempt to divide the country!"

Youliang Huang, hands raised: "You - You have no proof!"

"No proof?" The captain of the law enforcement unit smiled. "Will you believe me if I tell you that I can name all the alternate accounts you use?"

"You can't overstep your authority! Even if I'm arrested, it should be by Baowan..."

"Wrong. It isn't Baowan, it's Baowan province! Baowan province! Baowan province!" The captain chuckled. "After you go in, you'll write that one thousand times first as punishment in front of the Old Devil."

"Old... Old Devil?" Huang Youliang trembled.

"Have you forgotten the Old Devil? When he was arrested some time ago, didn't you say he was a toy poodle in heat?"

"..."





Chapter 936 Prison Lady Trio


What awaited Huang Youliang next wasn't a three-party joint hearing in the prison, but the Old Devil's domestic discipline.

Now that the Mahjong Squad were part of the atonement group, their final sentencings were also postponed.

The Old Devil, the Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu, and Evil Sword God had now all been in prison for some time, and it felt like home.

The people there were all talented and interesting when they spoke...

Their daily tasks comprised of looking after the prison crops and helping General Bai secretly deal with some wanted criminals. All these could gain them merit points, and at their final trials, their sentences could be commuted based on how many merit points they had.

There was a saying that getting a job or working for others was impossible 1 , but the crimes of these three people were too heavy, and it was very likely that they would spend the rest of their lives in prison atoning for their sins.

1(A meme based on the words of an arrested thief who refused to get a job.) However, the Old Devil was a happy-go-lucky person with a strong ability to mentally adjust to his situation. The prison took care of his food and drink; he felt it would be fine for him to live here all his life. All he wanted was for General Yi to fulfill his promise and use the wheel of time to find his girlfriend's reincarnation.

That would still take time.

When it came to bureaucracy, everyone knew - getting a seal was just like the sloth in Zootopia .

The process right up to obtaining approval would thus take a very long time. Even the Old Devil himself needed to be patient; it couldn't be rushed.

On the whole, life in Songhai First Prison was quite comfortable.

They rose at dawn to till the soil and rested at dusk.

Even with their meridians blocked, they could still get assignments from General Bai once in a while to deal with fierce offenders.

They had just carried out a mission a few days ago.

The target had been a rainy night rapist who wore an open red raincoat that exposed his hairy legs, and who liked to act on rainy days. This person was extremely fast and acted under the cover of the weather. A lot of girls had fallen victim, and before they could react, they had fallen pregnant...

When the Mahjong Squad found the rainy night rapist, the trio surrounded him.

"You... Aren't all of you already..." Caught, the pervert was stupefied, as he had never expected this situation at all.

But that was a few days ago...

The Old Devil and the others had seen a lot of this type of trash in their contact with dark forces, and catching them was just dirtying their hands.

But they had no other choice; the road to redemption was a long and difficult one.

...

On this day, inside the special call, the Old Devil and Cheng Yu were researching makeup techniques. Evil Sword God was a weakling when he went out on a mission without eyeshadow, so they had to improve their skills.

And Warden Liang had approved their application.

Warden Liang gave them a sack with all kinds of cosmetics inside.

"So many?" Untying the sack, the Old Devil stared blankly.

"They were all seized at the airport; I asked one of my colleagues there for them," Warden Liang replied mildly.

Prisoners were also human beings, and naturally also needed to pass the time with something fun. In addition to "Fight the Landlord" and mahjong, the Old Devil and the others were also developing other things for their self-amusement, and a prison lady trio 2 act was quietly unfolding.

2("Games Lady Trio" is the Chinese title for the Japanese manga "Asobi Asobase," which is about three girls who make up the members of an unofficial school Pastimers Club.) But the Mahjong Squad was made up of three men, and they were putting on makeup for the first time...

"How do we use these?" Cheng Yu asked.

Old Devil picked out a few cosmetics. He had never worn makeup, but relying on what he remembered of his girlfriend's makeup bag before, he could still vaguely tell the difference between lipstick, BB cream, eye cream and whatnot.

As he was picking out the things, it suddenly occurred to him that of the three people in the Mahjong Squad, he appeared to be the only one to have had a girlfriend before...

"Give it a try first. This is lipstick. Apply it on him first."

"Aren't we going to practice putting on eyeshadow?"

"In any case, it's just for fun. Just put on whatever."

After figuring things out, the two people started to mess around with Evil Sword God's face.

Without his eyeshadow, Evil Sword God let them do whatever they wanted to him, like a daughter-in-law being bullied.

A few minutes later, Evil Sword God officially took center stage wearing lipstick, a wig, eyeshadow and blush.

"I think it's not bad," Cheng Yu commented.

"Mm, he looks very similar to Jynx 3 like this." The Old Devil nodded.

3(A "Human Shape" Pokemon..) But very quickly, the two of them frowned when they realized that this eyeshadow didn't have any effect - Evil Sword God didn't switch personalities from the makeup they put on him.

"Did we put it on wrong?" Cheng Yu had a bit of a headache.

"The first step is always the hardest. Let's take it little by little."

The Old Devil pinched Evil Sword God's face. "Old Evil is pretty cute like this, don't you think?"

"Em..." Cheng Yu stared at Evil Sword God's face more closely.

"Old Cheng, just admit it. Don't you like Old Evil? I can hear your heartbeat." A sly smile played on Old Devil's lips.

"Heartbeat???" The Master of Immortal Mansion was a little bewildered.

It was true that a strong heartbeat was resounding in the air, but it definitely wasn't his.

Whose heartbeat was this?

While they were feeling puzzled, the door to the special cell opened and the prison guard who had been escorting Huang Youliang directly kicked him inside.

"Oh, it's another newbie!" The Old Devil was overjoyed, but when he saw the man's face, his own instantly darkened.

When Huang Youliang saw the Old Devil and the others at that moment, he was so frightened that his legs buckled and he could barely stand, and he shrank back. "You... Stay away from me!"

The Old Devil...

The Master of Immortal Mansion... and Evil Sword God!

Huang Youliang was sure he was right!

What frightened him even more was that these three people were actually in one cell...

Huang Youliang's heart raced and he was so nervous he almost choked.

He was now bitterly regretting the reckless comments he had posted online.

Unfortunately, there was no medicine for regret in this world...

"It's you, isn't it... You called my venerable self a toy poodle in heat?"

The Old Devil's light voice carried in the air. It wasn't loud, but it carried the greatest sense of terror.

However, before the interrogation was over, Huang Youliang had already fainted, foaming at the mouth.

Cheng Yu: "Do we need to wake him up?"

Old Devil waved his hand. "It's fine. They are quite a few people who've been sent over for us to play with today: They all made inappropriate online comments, and can be called keyboard warriors or a water army."

As soon as he said the words, it seemed more people had been sent over outside the door...

These were all the keyboard warriors Jingke had caught after following the online trails; they were now all lined up outside the special cell in handcuffs.

Cheng Yu was shocked at this momentum. "So many people?"

These people were all crying noisily and shaking with fear.

There were already twenty-six of them, and the number was still increasing.

This was the first time the prison was so lively.

It was just that the number was a little too large... In less than fifteen minutes, there was already a long line outside the door of the special cell as the number of people soared to more than a hundred...

Cheng Yu was deeply shocked. "So this is an Internet water army..."

With a snort, the Old Devil opened the cell door and stepped outside. All the keyboard warriors knelt one after another and begged for mercy. "We have reflected deeply, and we will all listen to the Governor!"





Chapter 937 Governor of the Dark Network


When he heard this "Governor" title, Huang Youliang instantly tensed up as his thoughts scattered. In a flash, his clothes were drenched in cold sweat, and he was so scared that he curled up on the ground and trembled all over. His face turned ashen at this intense sense of uneasiness, as if half his soul had fled his body.

"So? Are you familiar with this title of 'Governor' or not?" The Old Devil smiled coldly.

Actually, before Huang Youliang had been sent to the special prison cell, Songhai First Prison and Zhuo Yi had already started to weave a huge net. School would start up after the summer break, and Zhuo Yi had received a direct order from Secretary Sun Dakang to carry out a large-scale clean-up of the Internet during this time, in which they would punish criminals who spread unlawful information online.

So even if Bai Qiao and Jingke hadn't discovered Huang Youliang and caught him, the General Administration of 100 Schools would have acted anyway.

None of them had discussed this operation prior to its launch, but their plans this time unexpectedly aligned.

Thus, after Huang Youliang's arrest, Zhuo Yi promptly contacted Bai Qiao and Jingke to have them become part of the operation.

This operation to clean up the Internet wasn't a simple one.

In the information age, cyber wars were the most complicated kind, since these "maggots" hiding behind the screen kept changing their IP addresses to make their locations hard to track down.

But as the leader directly in command of the operation, Zhuo Yi's target this time was the leader behind the scenes who had an online water army of fifty million — the Governor of the Dark Network.

Based on what they currently knew from their investigation, this person's cultivation wasn't high, but he had gained a high ranking in the Dark Network due to this online water army; his codename was Governor.

"Do you know why you were arrested and sent here?" The Old Devil laughed, his gaze fixed on Huang Youliang. "I have no interest in the small fry outside, but you've made direct contact before with that Governor ranked seventh in the Dark Network, haven't you, Mr Huang? I know you are a branch leader."

Huang Youliang had a dismayed expression on his face; he hadn't expected the Old Devil to find out even this about him.

The Old Devil raised his hand, and magic hit Huang Yuliang in between his eyebrows. Instantly, he actually heard the sound of a ticking clock in his brain.

"Tell us, how do you contact the Governor?" The Old Devil interrogated him. "The clock in your brain is a curse spell which will detonate once time is up. If you don't talk before then, you won't die, but your mind will be blown apart, and you can only live in a mental asylum and receive electrotherapy for the rest of your life..."

"I don't know, I don't know anything! Wuwuwu !" Huang Youliang wailed; he hadn't cried even when his old mom died, and he never thought that a big man like him would be scared to tears.

"Crying counts as part of the time you have left." The Old Devil smiled coldly.

Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu smoothed things over. "Brother, if you have time to cry, you might as well come clean and tell us everything you know. Even if it's just a little, we won't blame you. Otherwise, we can only blow up your mind and deliver what's left to the Military Law Bureau and forcibly extract your memories."

"What you should know is that the Governor is the main target we want to capture. He's very important for reducing our final sentences, and for yours as well."

The Old Devil said expressionlessly, "You have thirty seconds left."

Huang Youliang's mind was blank; he had completely no idea what to say.

At that moment, the clock in his brain suddenly rang, which frightened him into instantly confessing. "I, I, I know! But even I very rarely have the chance to come in contact with the Governor. My status as group leader was something I bought... Also, every group is inspected on their performance! The Governor will only meet the leaders whose groups perform very well! Only they can meet the Governor!"

The Old Devil sneered again and pulled the clock hand in Huang Youliang's brain back. "Hm, I'll give you two more minutes. Tell us more about buying the group leader position. How much did you pay for it?"

"Five million... plus a villa in the countryside." Huang Youliang trembled as he spoke.

"Then how much can you earn as a group leader?"

"There are up to five thousand people in a large group. As long as I run it well enough and attract a high volume of traffic, I can recover the costs in a year. The Governor pays us based on the number of hits we get. If you want to meet the Governor, you have to run the group well and produce good results, otherwise there's no way you can meet him."

"I can't wait a year to produce good results!"

The Old Devil's eyes darkened. "Forget it, hurry up and tell us what else you know!"

"The former administrator died from overwork, which allowed me to step into this opening and buy this position," Huang Youliang said, both his hands raised in surrender.

"So you're saying that you haven't been a group leader for long?"

"Yes, it hasn't even been two days..."

"The former leader died from overwork? Then how were you connected to the group before this?"

"I was an administrator in the group. When the group leader died, I bought his account and planned to use two identities in the group."

"You, an administrator, dare to pretend to be the group leader?" The Old Devil was amused.

"No one has seen his appearance, and his account is now mine... We earn our bread and butter through the Internet; making money is our only concern. The number of people in his group has currently already reached five thousand, and each one of them is an elite. You can't get this type of growth in just one or two years... To become a group leader, you have to take an assessment. If I didn't buy this group leader status, I wouldn't be able to pass the assessment at all."

"What kind of assessment is it?"

Knowing that Huang Youliang was prepared to come clean, the Old Devil nodded and stopped the clock in his brain.

"An exam wouldn't be a big deal, but the main thing is that we have to crossdress... But I'm too ugly!"

"Hm, indeed, you never had a chance."

The Old Devil asked, "Let me ask you, before you were arrested, did you ever think about the hazards of creating a ruckus online?"

"No... we act as water army and trolls on online news websites. The only thing we risk are our words and we don't spill blood. God knows why we've been targeted..."

"Good, well said. I have a rough idea of the situation. So what you're saying is that the group members rounded up outside don't actually know your identity as the group leader?"

"They definitely haven't seen me before."

"What are the conditions for setting up a group?"

"As long as you pass the group leader assessment, you can set up a group based on the area you're in. To control the chat group, the group leader has to do it at a designated Internet cafe in that area."

"Then for this group you bought, where is the Internet cafe which you have to go online at?"

"Crow County in Bao Bay. I bought the Bao Bay group leader position, and there's only one Internet cafe there..."

"Very well." The Old Devil nodded, then turned to look at Cheng Yu and Evil Sword God. "Old Cheng, Old Evil, how about we make a trip to Bao Bay's Internet cafe?"

"Become group leader?"

"That's right! Become group leader!"





Chapter 938 Let the Bullet Messages Fly, and the Conditions For Becoming Group Leader


It was a long way from Songhai city to Baowan province's Crow County, but it only took two hours traveling via the special passage.

Although the Old Devil trio was currently atoning for their crimes by performing meritorious service, their actions were still restricted, such as when it came to space travel. Even when they were charged with carrying out missions, they weren't allowed to open space tunnels or use spatial spells to teleport without permission.

They all had location trackers on them which, after being improved by Wang Ming, were an enhanced class of Spirit Shackles that acted as a seal to contain their power from a computer terminal. Thus, their true realms were suppressed. However, their mission this time was mainly an online information war, which would depend on their intelligence.

Inside the familiar prison van, Huang Youliang sat between two people. He was drenched in cold sweat and had no idea what he should do.

"When we get there, you should know what to do." The Old Devil patted Huang Youliang's thigh.

"I know; if I disobey, my mind will be blown apart." Huang Youliang swallowed and didn't dare resist.

"Why did you want to become the group leader of a water army back then?" Cheng Yu asked curiously.

"I opened a game studio but the games we designed always made losses, and I had to earn extra income. Later, I heard about this alternative from a friend of mine. But I hadn't held the group leader position for long and I hadn't even gone to the designated Internet cafe when you caught me," Huang Youliang said with fear.

"This transaction is quite a lucrative one. So once you invest into becoming group leader, you can make money?" The Old Devil smiled.

"Not exactly..."

Huang Youliang asked, "Have any of you been a group leader before?"

"No." The Old Devil and the others shook their heads.

"After taking up this position, we need to dress up in women's clothes, rope in administrators, and reach our targets. Only after the administrators fulfill their quota of online posts can group members act as keyboard warriors and start cursing or scolding online. When there are enough posts which have obtained a certain number of views, the Governor will pay us."

Huang Youliang said, "With a large sum of money, it's split 30-70 between the group leader and the Governor."

"Group leaders only get seventy percent?"

"Seventy percent is the Governor's; for group leaders to even be able to get thirty percent depends on how he feels!" said Huang Youliang.

"Hang on, isn't this money from the Governor?" The Old Devil was confused.

"The Governor issues the money, but it isn't his. I heard that there's still someone a level higher than the Governor. An Internet water army is managed using a hierarchical system. Actually, group members don't get any money at all, and only the group leaders and administrators get a share..."

Huang Youliang said with a sigh, "There are countless people in an online water army; the Governor oversees fifty million. We group leaders just work for him, and we can't disobey the Governor at all. If we do, the group will be dissolved at best, and or we'll be killed at worst."

After hearing this, the prison trio had some idea of the situation.

The management of this online water army was a little like a pyramid scheme, which expanded downward from the administrative levels.

Although this Governor was ranked seventh in the Dark Network and held an important position, he wasn't the big boss behind the scenes; there was still someone pulling the strings and supplying the funds behind him, and it was very likely that the other party was hiding overseas.

But investigating that wasn't their job; even if they knew who it was, it wasn't any concern of theirs. Right now, the task which the prison trio had been assigned was to follow the clues to track down this "Governor" and arrest him.

Catching the Governor was their number one priority.

As for whether there was someone else behind him whom they should also catch or not, this would depend on how many points for shortening their sentences General Bai could offer...

In the prison van, the Old Devil reflected on Huang Youliang's words just then.

The water army group leaders under this Governor were strictly managed; they even had to log into their group leader accounts at designated Internet cafes.

He realized that going to Crow County to become group leader this time might not be easy.

"From what you said earlier, you have to crossdress in particular in order to become a group leader and earn money?"

"Of course..."

"Then isn't a group leader just a beggar?"

"In this world, isn't working for someone just like being a beggar anyway? But not many people can become a group leader of a water army."

The Old Devil frowned. "If a group leader has to crossdress, why is it that the group members have never before seen that former group leader who died suddenly?"

"Simple: most of the members in this group are fans of attractive voices and the former group leader's voice was very nice." Huang Youliang said, "When I bought the group leader position, the person who sold it to me gave me a special voice changer so that I would sound just like the former group leader, and no one would hear the difference."

So that was it.

The prison trio understood.

"But since you want to catch the Governor, it's very important to win over the administrators and the people in the group. Going to Crow County this time to take up the role of group leader, crossdressing is a must... But of the three big shots here..." Huang Youliang swept his gaze over the Old Devil, Cheng Yu and Evil Sword God.

After looking at them over and over again, he found that the only one who would be able to crossdress convincingly was actually Evil Sword God.

But he didn't dare directly say it, for fear that Evil Sword God would beat him up.

The shock Evil Sword God had inspired back then was no less compared with the Old Devil. He even had the guts to kill his own shifu; it could be said that he was an utterly cold-blooded figure.

Huang Youliang knew that if he offended this big shot, he would come to a tragic end

"I know what you're thinking."

The Old Devil put an arm around Huang Youliang's shoulder. "Want to see Old Evil crossdress?"

Huang Youliang: "No... no, I don't."

"A man needs to be honest. Tell me the truth, do you want to see it or not? Be honest, or there will be serious consequences."

Huang Youliang looked weakly at that delicate-looking Evil Sword God, and somehow felt that he was different from the reports about him.

He didn't know what Evil Sword God's situation was, but he still said what he was thinking in a very low voice, "I do..."

"So, you're honest after all."

The Old Devil laughed. "Don't worry, you'll be able to see it."

Huang Youliang: "..."

The Old Devil: "Because Old Cheng and I also want to see it."

Huang Youliang: "..."

Since a crossdressing group leader could quickly win over administrators and group members, they naturally didn't have a reason to reject it. To the Old Devil, this was like kneeling and begging for food, but the point was that the person doing the kneeling wouldn't be him.

Only one of the three of them needed to crossdress and reveal his face.

And it now looked like it would be none other than Evil Sword God.

"Old Evil?" The Old Devil called his name and turned to Evil Sword God, who didn't know where to put his hands.

Apart from playing cards or manual labor, Evil Sword God was thrashed practically every day in prison. Now that the Old Devil was talking to him in such an indulgent tone, Evil Sword God quivered.

Evil Sword God: "What do you want..."

"You'll be dressing in women's clothes later."

"No..."

"If you do it, Old Cheng and I won't beat you up for the next three days."

"A week and it's a deal..."

"Deal."

"..."





Chapter 939 Group Leader Detention Island


As group leaders in the water army under the Governor, they were assigned Internet cafes from which they had to log into their accounts. The Internet cafe in Crow County was located in a very remote area.

It was a small county town with some parts that were still underdeveloped, and which engaged mainly in agriculture and animal husbandry. Most of the pork Zhai Yin used to fry dragon pork chops was imported from Crow County.

Well... That was to say, the dragon pig which this little Crow County bred had almost poisoned and killed the Ten Founding Generals...

When the Internet cafe's doors slid open, all eyes turned to a delicate and pretty-looking young lady. She was very tall, had fair skin, and had long hair which fell down to her waist, giving people the sense of first love.

"What a comely young lady..."

"She's probably not from our Crow County, is she? Crow County only has a few pretty girls."

"She's likely from out of town. Honestly speaking, the girls from outside are all fair."

"How many points?"

"Ninety-five - five points off for her chest. Size A is not good enough."

"..."

...

From what everyone could see, Evil Sword God's crossdressing was pretty successful. Thanks to the handful of minutes which Old Devil and Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu had spent in prison diligently practicing their cosmetic skills, Evil Sword God in women's clothes was enough to pass for the real thing.

Considering that there might be spies of the Governor in the Internet cafe, the Old Devil and the others didn't act together, but sent in Evil Sword God alone.

But the prison trio were using the "my network sharing center" technique!

That was to say, the three of them were sharing their vision and minds at that moment.

What Evil Sword God saw and heard now would be transmitted to the Old Devil's and Cheng Yu's minds at the same time.

The chat app which this Internet water army group used was an autonomous one. Huang Youliang had already given them both the username and the password, along with the voice changer, which was in a secret cloud drive and needed to be downloaded.

Fortunately, Evil Sword God wasn't too out of touch with society. His computer skills were pretty good and he wasn't a complete newbie.

When he murdered his shifu, he had done a Qiandu search online: how to kill your shifu?

The first five pages were all promoted results for secret weapons.

The search results were still fresh in Evil Sword God's mind.

"[Ad] Putian System 1 Consecrated Shuriken, only 998 immortal gold for one...

1(Wei Zexi was a student who died after receiving experimental treatment for his cancer following a promoted search result on Baidu, leading to criticism of Baidu's advertising practices. His death also brought attention to the Putian system, which is a group of hospitals that rely heavily on online ads ..) "[Ad] Putian System Gilded and Diamond-Studded Flying Guillotine, 666 immortal gold. Buy one and get three gifts...

"[Ad] Putian System Secret Weapon Store. For the first 6 yuan you spend, you get a small dragon sword hanging ornament!"

...

At this time, the Old Devil's voice rang out in the shared mental space. "Old Evil, stop recalling the past. The mission is our priority."

"Okay..." Evil Sword God's thoughts settled and he got to work.

Username, check.

Password, check.

The voice changer was ready.

Evil Sword God then took a deep breath and clicked "ENTER."

In a blink of an eye, the scene before him changed as he was actually pulled into a city which felt full of technology.

"What's going on?" Evil Sword God was a little confused. This development was somewhat unexpected.

Fortunately, the trio's mental space was connected, so Evil Sword God wasn't flustered.

"This should be the inner world of the water army. Sure enough, there's something wrong with this Internet cafe. They use their accounts to set up a space passage. After logging in with their usernames, the group leaders will arrive in another space world." The Old Devil's voice rang out inside Evil Sword God's head with his analysis.

If so, it made sense for the Governor to require all group leaders to go to a designated Internet cafe to operate the chat group.

Using his Demon Eyes, Evil Sword God tried to spread his power of sight throughout the world, and the trio had a panoramic view of the whole world.

This was a small world located in an independent space. It looked like an island which was surrounded by a space spirit sea, which was very much in the style of "a water army."

Seeing this, the prison trio was inwardly surprised.

"It looks like there has to be an Almighty moving the pieces behind the Governor. It's impossible for the Governor to open up an independent space with his strength alone," the Old Devil said.

How rich were the experiences of the trio?

While their strength was currently sealed, their abundant knowledge and experiences as experts with True Immortal battle strength couldn't be sealed; they could discern how strong this spatial spell was with one glance.

This was one of the main reasons why General Bai decided to implement this "atonement program" for the prison trio. There were few True Immortal experts to begin with. Naturally, it would be very good if they could be used.

For experts, a direct execution wasn't actually a heavy price.

When the Old Devil shared a projected image with Huang Youliang, the latter's face was ashen and he was frightened to death. This "group leader" position wasn't what he had expected. He had thought he just needed to urge members in the group to post; he never thought he could be pulled into this sort of independent space world.

"It's clear you were duped."

Looking at the shocked expression on Huang Youliang's face, the Old Devil said, "The group leader position you bought with five million HNY and a villa didn't gain you anything - the design of this world space is a bit like a prison. Once you enter, you're basically trapped and can't get out unless you destroy the core hub."

"I was tricked?" Huang Youliang found it hard to believe.

What Evil Sword God experienced next in this small world further confirmed Old Devil's conjecture.

A crossdressing Evil Sword God suddenly fell into this space.

Such a "lovely and comely" girl suddenly dropping in would naturally attract the attention of the people nearby.

Something wasn't right about these people. Most of them were bald and they moved like zombies, drooling and grinning horribly as they stared at him.

Evil Sword God was a little scared at being stared at, and he yelled in all directions, "You... Who are you?!"

As soon as he spoke, even Evil Sword God himself was taken aback... Because it wasn't his voice! This was very clearly the cute little sister effect of the voice changer...

The Old Devil and Cheng Yu almost got hard when they heard it.

"Looks like you weren't completely cheated. This is a genuine voice changer," the Old Devil said.

Huang Youliang: "..."

The Old Devil reasoned that the voice changer probably wasn't just purely software, but had been enhanced with special magic. When the software was activated, the voice would have special sound effects for a period of time.

At that moment, the men in this world surrounded Evil Sword God like zombies.

"Why don't you come with us, little cutie? You can't get out. This is Group Leader Detention Island..."

"Come on, let's have fun. In any case, we have plenty of time..."

"I never thought an actual female group leader would land here."

This group moved toward Evil Sword God as they spoke.

And what horrified the prison trio...

Was that this bunch of disgusting men all had modified female voices!

It turned out that there weren't any real women among the water army group leaders!





Chapter 940 Cosmic Brain King Clan


At the same time, in an unknown spirit world, a 3D image of Group Leader Detention Island was being projected in the middle of a room. Every group leader was marked on it with a red dot, and these were all group leaders who had been detained.

They had been imprisoned on this Detention island which saw no sun for various reasons. Some hadn't met their performance quota, while some had leaked key information on their organization. Although some of them had done it accidentally, they still had to be punished.

This was the reason why the Governor of Dark Network could remain all-powerful for so many years and hadn't been toppled.

"Look, Lord Brain King, someone has snuck in," said an octopus-like monster in front of a massive computer screen.

No one would expect this to be the Governor of Dark Network's true form.

The computer screen was part of a mainframe with thousands of ports which the Governor's tentacles were plugged into.

That was right, the Governor's true form was in fact a mechanical octopus which wasn't from Earth, but had been completely created out of Lord Brain King's mouth.

An image of a brain appeared on the screen as a deep and impressive voice rang out. "It looks like this place has been discovered... We're one step closer to our grand plan, we must in no way alert the enemy."

"It looks like Lord Brain King already anticipated this. It is this subordinate who is slow-witted."

"All the people locked up on Detention island are the people we wrongly selected over the years. None of them are the smartest people I'm looking for on this planet."

"But in the end, these are just losers who vent their feelings online; why is Lord Brain King focused on them?"

"That's not right."

The brain on the screen flickered and said in a low voice, "There's something called a bullet message culture on Earth, but it has now become a hotbed of trolls and keyboard warriors.

"I've long heard that there are a wealth of masters behind these bullet messages, so I've always believed that the smartest people on Earth are definitely in this group of keyboard warriors.

"In the last few years, the reason I asked you to continue expanding the water army was to find these intelligent people. Devouring the wisdom of the smartest people will pave the way for my gaining a foothold in the universe. That Divine Dao Star has devoured many planets, but my Brain clan has yet to collapse because my ability to calculate things far surpasses that of Divine Dao Star's Star Lord."

"Your Highness is wise, this subordinate is unworthy."

"The stars of my Brain Clan knew that Divine Dao Planet's Star Lord was plotting against us, which is why we've been fighting a guerrilla war all this time. Now, Divine Dao Planet wants to establish diplomatic relations with Earth; presumably, Star Lord must have been impressed by the intelligence of the Earthlings. I was already going to give up hope on Earth, but it now looks like it will be a huge loss if we don't find these wise men."

"But Lord Brain King, this subordinate thinks we might have made a mistake... The smartest person might not necessarily be among these trolls who can only post bullet messages and dislikes."

"Are you questioning this king's authority?"

The big brain on the screen hissed with sound, releasing brain waves that rippled out like a magical pulse and making the mechanical octopus quiver.

"Your Highness, please calm down, it is this subordinate who is slow-witted."

"We don't need to pay attention to these invaders for now; I have a feeling that we'll be able to find a wise man very soon."

Brain King said, "Also..."

The mechanical octopus: "???"

Brain King: "When I'm speaking, can you not lick the screen? Even if you are a standard bootlicker, your behavior is disgusting..."

The mechanical octopus: "I - I'm so sorry, Your Highness! I worship you too much!"

Brain King: "No, you have to fix this habit of licking the screen."

As soon Brain King said that, the image on the screen had already switched to that of a celebrity's picture.

This was currently the most popular idol on Earth. Not only did he have over one hundred million fans, anything he posted on his Weibo account could be shared over one hundred million times. He was a male celebrity with fair skin that was so soft it was almost translucent. Looking at him from afar, one could only ask, "Can you tell the gender1?"

1(The last line of the "Ballad of Mulan.") "Your Majesty, I was wrong! I will never lick the screen again!" The mechanical octopus felt like puking.

In that moment, it couldn't control its mouth, and threw up a huge pile of screws...

...

Elsewhere, Evil Sword God realized he was trapped.

This Detention Island was so scary. It was filled with disgusting fat shut-ins, and even if they hadn't touched him yet, Evil Sword God still felt nauseated from the bottom of his heart.

And now, these people were staring at him with hungry eyes and closing in on him from all directions.

"You... stay away!" Without his eyeshadow, Evil Sword God was very cowardly. Now, besieged by a group of bald and fat shut-ins, some of whom weren't even wearing clothes, he made sounds of resistance.

But the voice changer was still in effect!

This directly led to the opposite reaction - some people were already so excited that they got nosebleeds. None of the group leaders imprisoned on Detention Island were female! Now that such a pretty girl had landed here, they naturally had to take "good care" of her.

"Little sister, come on! Are you playing hard to get?"

"The more you resist, the more excited we are!"

"..."

Evil Sword God had clearly underestimated how lethal an effect his crossdressing had on this group of fat shut-ins.

Adding in the fact that this bunch of group leaders had been imprisoned on Detention Island for too long, they were bursting with all kinds of emotions now and needed to take it out on something; basically, they would be excited as long as it was a woman.

"Looks like Old Evil is going to give away his first time here..." In the prison van, the Old Devil said a prayer for Evil Sword God at the scene being shared.

At that moment, Cheng Yu suddenly thought of a serious problem. "Wait a minute, Old Gua, the three of us are sharing minds now. If Old Evil really gives away his first time here, we will feel whatever he suffers..."

Huang Youliang: "..."

"Fuck!" As if waking up from a dream, the Old Devil was so frightened that he broke out in a cold sweat.

If Evil Sword God couldn't protect his "chrysanthemum" on Detention Island, all their chrysanthemums would suffer!

"Old Evil! Don't give up, Old Evil!" the Old Devil yelled.

No longer acting like a spectator, thoughts flew quickly through his head as he searched for a way out of this hopeless situation.

Evil Sword God was about to drown in this group of squishy fatties, like a little white rabbit sinking in mud.

"Old Evil! Hurry up and punch yourself! You should be fine if you can give yourself a black eye!"

During this crisis, the Old Devil had an idea.

"Looks like there's no other way..."

Hearing this suggestion, Evil Sword God grit his teeth, clenched his fist, and punched himself hard in the eye...





Chapter 941 An Unexpected Development


The moment he punched his eye, Evil Sword God glowed with boundless radiant light in the midst of the group, like Daigo transforming into Ultraman Tiga. Intangible sword qi swept out, blasting away the countless fat shut-ins around him like sand.

When this powerful momentum descended, these group leaders on Detention Island clammed up. For one moment, those who had advanced on and harassed Evil Sword God, as well as those who had been making noise on the side, froze on the spot and didn't dare move.

"You arrogant bunch, you actually dare make fun of this lord?

"Actually dare make fun of this lord?

"Dare make fun of this lord?

"Make fun of this lord?

"This lord?

"Lord?"

...

The familiar echo resounded throughout Detention island. Sword qi swept out in all directions, cutting the clothes on dozens of fat shut-ins to ribbons.

While he had turned into the Evil Sword God whom everyone knew, he was still sharing his consciousness with the Old Devil and Cheng Yu, and they reminded him not to kill anyone there.

Now that they were performing meritorious deeds to atone for their crimes, they had to pay even more attention to their behavior.

While these people were disgusting, a light reprimand was fine and they didn't have to die for what they had done.

Evil Sword God stepped toward these people. He held no sword in his hand, but there were swords in his mind. Everyone felt that cold intent as if it was a sword resting against their necks.

If they so much as blinked, he could cut their heads off.

At the same time, Huang Youliang was watching this scene in the van.

He was just as terrified.

Evil Sword God was famed for his prowess; Huang Youliang had heard of his fearful reputation even in Baowan province.

He was suddenly very glad that he had been born in this era of order and law. If this was in the past and he had talked so much trash, someone would have dropped in on him and cut his head off long ago without any kindness or mercy.

This might not be the best era, but it was absolutely the most tolerant one

But where there was tolerance, there was impudence.

There was a saying that good people were taken advantage of, or a tame horse was easier to ride.

Didn't the online water army and keyboard warriors take advantage of the tolerance of strangers?

Without needing to punish someone as a warning to the others, Evil Sword God had shaken all of Detention Island through his momentum alone.

"I know some of you more or less know who I am. However, I came here today not for you, but for one thing." Staring at everyone in an overbearing manner, Evil Sword God seriously uttered one word: "Fairness!"

And then, he repeated and emphasized it: "Fairness!"

"Freaking fairness!"

"Fa- fairness?" someone murmured, confused.

"All of you joined the Governor's water army organization and became group leaders. Behind your screens, you verbally abuse people who have nothing to do with you over the Internet, even cursing other people's families and sapping their motivation to study or work!"

"..."

"Learning! Is the stepping stone of progress! Work! Is the driving force behind the development of a nation's economy! You just malign other people behind your screens and even indiscriminately start rumors and go whichever way the wind blows!"

"..."

"When you posted these views, did you ever think about how much trouble you're causing for other people and for society? Just because you rely on the tolerance of strangers and the fact that no one can find you behind a screen, you think you can spout rubbish? Do you think that's fair?"

Evil Sword God's speech was upright and vehement.

Of course, these weren't Evil Sword God's own words, but something General Bai had prepared beforehand; Evil Sword God was just reading them aloud through his mind-share with the Old Devil.

They were now atoning for their crimes, so they still had to follow procedure!

It could only be said that as the strongest of the Ten Generals, Explosion Saint deserved his name. These words were just like nuclear bombs in the hearts of these group leaders, which smashed their spirits and left them completely battered.

"Listen up, this lord is going to ask all of you some questions and you must answer me honestly - this is also your last chance to make up for what you've done."

Evil Sword God said, "Right now, our nation is cracking down hard on Internet keyboard warriors. After you get out of here, you'll be locked up for a few years, but if you're good and plead guilty, it might only be for a few months."

These fat shut-in group leaders exchanged dismayed looks; they had turned red at Evil Sword God's speech just now, and felt too ashamed to show their faces.

"Then, what should we do..." someone asked.

"First question: who can tell me about this island?" As soon as Evil Sword God spoke, plenty of those in the know fought to be the first to raise their hands.

They were fighting for the chance to get their sentences reduced.

"You, speak." Evil Sword God pointed at a fatty who only had one strand of hair on his head.

"In the beginning, we didn't know what this place was, but the one thing we were sure of was that all of us had already been abandoned by the Governor. Furthermore, everyone here are group leaders in the water army. We were locked up here because we accidentally leaked organization secrets."

This person replied honestly, "Detention Island has a canteen and an Internet cafe. The canteen is machine-operated, and provides burgers and Coke. But these things aren't free. We have to play games at the Internet cafe and clear dungeons and gather equipment, then convert them into contribution points."

"Is there any chance of getting out?" Evil Sword God asked again.

"Not at the moment. However, once we obtain one hundred million contribution points, we can regain our freedom," One Hair said.

Hearing this, Evil Sword God as well as the Old Devil and Cheng Yu in the prison van all nodded.

The situation was pretty much what they had guessed, with some minor differences.

This was a detention island for group leaders; instead of being an assembly point for the water army, this was a place of punishment to lock up group leaders who had almost divulged the secrets of the online water army.

In other words, these group leaders had secrets no one else knew.

Thus, they were the best subjects for their investigation.

Evil Sword God then ordered these fat shut-ins to line up. He pointed to the first one in line and said, "Starting with you, introduce yourself, then tell me what you did as a water army group leader, what your relationship with the Governor is like, and whether you've met him or not."

"Okay..."

The first person nodded and then said diffidently, "I, I'm Ding Lixi. My job as group leader previously was to organize people online to post negative comments on Douban. As for my relationship with the Governor, I've only spoken to him once online... He's very mysterious, and won't meet with anyone so easily."

"Hm, next one." Evil Sword God nodded.

"Previously, I was a group leader who mobilized group members online to send scam texts in particular."

"Your water army also does this sort of thing?"

"We set up a special water army scam group..." This person said, "All the texts we sent basically had the same content."

"What was the message?"

"Hello, I'm Emperor Qin. I have returned, but I'm penniless now. I need to use my royal, commanding aura to activate the Terracotta Warriors in Xi'an. Please send me some money. I don't need much; fifty thousand would be fine. Once I have accomplished my goal, I'll lead my troops over and appoint you Commander of the Imperial Guard."

Evil Sword God laughed. "Is there anyone who still believes this in this day and age?"

"Whether people believe it or not, I don't know... but one part of it is true."

"Which part?"

The next person in line stepped forward of his own volition and shook hands with Evil Sword God. "Hello, Lord Sword God, this one is Ying Zheng 1 ."

1(The Qin Emperor's name..) Evil Sword God: "???"





Chapter 942 Clues


The Ying Zheng in front of him was very fat, and a little different from what Evil Sword God had imagined - it was probably because of the junk food and lack of exercise on Group Leader Detention Island.

Evil Sword God didn't doubt the man's claim that he was Emperor Qin. His Purple Investigative Demon Eyes could distinguish truth from lies, and it seemed that this man wasn't lying to him... Furthermore, Evil Sword God couldn't find the slightest trace of spirit qi on this person.

This was an age of national cultivation. Even the bodies of cultivators at the Physical Build stage would pulse faintly with spirit qi. If they didn't have the least bit of it at all, that person was either an alien or from ancient times.

"How did you get here?"

"Someone summoned me here with a holy relic," Emperor Qin answered.

"Where's the summoner?"

"I heard he was knocked out in the first round of the Holy Grail War 1 , so this emperor can't go back."

1(Refers to the battle royale competition in the "Fate" series.) "..."

"This era is far more prosperous than I could have ever imagined, and this emperor settled down here... The person who summoned me shared memories of this era with me, so I know the language of this time. Unfortunately, after he died, this emperor became homeless and penniless, and I had no idea how to go back. Thus, in order to get on with life, this emperor started to write messages about being Emperor Qin."

Evil Sword God turned pale. It turned out that that famous text message had really been written by Emperor Qin himself...

Saying this, a frustrated expression appeared on Ying Zheng's face. "But who would have thought that such a highly irregular message would actually spread so far and wide. In the end, the Governor found this emperor, and thought that I had the aptitude to be a text message scammer, so he appointed this emperor as a group leader to get group members to write phishing text messages and send them out every day."

Hearing this, Evil Sword God, Old Devil and Cheng Yu were dumbfounded. They never thought that there would be so many "fantastic" figures among these water army group leaders...

"You will destroy the order if you stay here," Evil Sword God said solemnly.

"I knew this day would come sooner or later," Ying Zheng said with a melancholy air. "This emperor's end is near. Very soon, the situation will be forcibly rectified and I will turn into powder that will scatter on the wind. All this time I've been waiting, waiting for someone to find me here. Let this emperor say my final words..."

"Then... do you have anything else to say?"

"In this era of prosperity, men are not like they were in times past; too many people show off from where they hide in the shadows. If this emperor hadn't been struggling to survive, I would have long dug a hole and buried this group of shameless and fickle criminals behind me along with that bunch of Confucian scholars 2 ."

2(From "the burning of books and burying of scholars," two purported historical events that happened under Emperor Qi̱n's reign.) "Mm, sounds logical." Evil Sword God agreed.

After saying this, Ying Zheng's body gradually started to dissipate and scatter.

At his last words, the corrective power of order descended and was about to erase him right away.

"This emperor can only be straightened out, but not exterminated. The mastermind behind the scenes thus can do nothing to this emperor. This person is an alien, not an Earthling. Also..."

When he said this, an expression of one who had been relieved ultimately appeared on Ying Zheng's face. "The Coke in this world is too delicious."

Evil Sword God: "..."

The Old Devil: "..."

Cheng Yu: "..."

The trio sunk into silence for a moment at Emperor Qin's disappearance, but thanks to the important information Ying Zheng provided, they had now locked down the suspect's basic identity.

...

Elsewhere, Zhuo Yi received information on the interrogation from Old Devil and the others; the results were outside of everyone's expectations.

"It appears that the Governor's human identity might be fake." Zhuo Yi was discussing the arrest plan with Warden Liang at Songhai First Prison.

"Fake?"

"According to reliable intelligence, neither this Governor nor the person behind the former are from Earth," Zhuo Yi said with a grave expression. Maybe they should have thought of this earlier on; how could the criminal merely be a small Golden Core cultivator, when he could control such a large water army legion so perfectly?

If this was the case, then the severity of this matter had escalated.

This had initially been a very simple large-scale operation to clean up the Internet before school started again, but unexpectedly, aliens were now involved.

The Earth was now establishing diplomatic ties with Divine Dao Star. At this critical juncture, both sides were striving for cosmic peace, which absolutely could not be disrupted by external factors.

As for the diplomacy project, the leaders of the United Nations had decided to formulate a set of "Cosmic Laws" in collaboration with Divine Dao Star's Star Lord to illustrate their determination to safeguard cosmic peace together.

But what power in the universe was trying to get in the way?

No one knew.

Zhuo Yi lowered his head. Somehow, he felt like he was forgetting something in the whole matter.

"Did the man who broke into my house last time tell you anything?" Zhuo Yi suddenly thought of Kong Ruye. Previously, on August 23rd, the famous Dark Network thief, Kong Ruye, had broken into the staff apartment and tried to do something unlawful against Zhuo Yi. People had given him the nickname "Thief Saint Bai Yutang 3 ."

3(From the Chinese TV series "My Own Swordsman..") It was just that this Bai Yutang wasn't capable of the Sunflower Acupuncture Skill...

"Does Director Zhuo think this Kong Ruye is related to this matter?" asked Warden Liang.

"Maybe." Zhuo Yi thought for a while before replying, "He has always insisted that he doesn't know who hired him, and that he was contacted via a customized chat app; this seems quite like the Governor's style."

Warden Liang: "Then what was the other party's purpose for collecting Director Zhuo's DNA? It doesn't seem like they want to use it for a paternity test..."

"I have a hunch that this Governor might have been ordered by someone to look for something."

Zhuo Yi theorized, "The other side controls a huge amount of information resources on the Internet, so it shouldn't be difficult for him to get into our official database. Perhaps they needed the DNA to do a profile comparison..."

"So the plot thickens." Warden Liang had a vague feeling that this matter was going to get even bigger.

At the very beginning, they had been targeting the Governor for two reasons. One was for the sake of cleaning up the online environment. The other was because the Governor was using water army groups to spread rumors, to charge fees for deleting posts, to send scam text messages, and to continually expand offline. This setup, which was very similar to a pyramid scheme, constituted a massive crime against the economy.

But it now appeared that this Governor stood accused of endangering national security and stealing information on government officials. The punishment for his countless crimes might be much worse than for Old Devil and the others.

"What should we do now, Director Zhuo?" asked Warden Liang.

"Have the Mahjong Squad continue interrogating these group leaders and see if that Governor has collected anything from them, like hair, teeth, or blood... Anything that can be used to detect DNA..." Zhuo Yi stroked his moustache as he pondered. He somehow felt that he had overlooked some detail.

Should he give his cute little shifu a call to ask?





Chapter 943 Wang Ling's Help


Zhuo Yi didn't think he could solve the conspiracy behind this matter with his current means and abilities. His adorable little shifu Wang Ling had just recently given him a new set of equipment, but they were for dealing with cultivators on Earth. The enemy they were currently facing were aliens; not all aliens were as friendly as CJ7 1 ...

1(An alien in a 2008 Hong Kong-Chinese science fiction film.) Seeing Zhuo Yi staring at the mobile phone and thinking, Warden Liang couldn't help feeling a little envious in his heart. "Director Zhuo, are you going to call the old Secretary again?"

Zhuo Yi was blank for a bit before he replied, "Mm..."

The outside world thought that Zhuo Yi's shifu was Secretary Sun Dakang, when in fact Secretary Sun was just Zhuo Yi's old leader; they didn't have a master-and-disciple relationship.

The moment Zhuo Yi had taken office as Director of the General Administration of 100 Schools, the criticism outside had never stopped, which included the jealousy of his peers and the jeers from online water armies. Zhuo Yi had still been worried about this a while ago.

But he was at ease now.

In any case, when he was feeling downhearted, he had a reason to "tease" his shifu ...

Zhuo Yi waited for a while as the phone rang, but no one picked up.

He then sent a text, but after waiting for a long time, there was no reply.

Was his shifu busy?

Zhuo Yi was well aware that usually, if there was no response to his calls or texts, it meant that his shifu was currently busy and didn't even have time to glue himself to the screen.

In terms of importance, doing homework was more important than screen time, reviewing and researching ways to keep grades down was more important than doing homework, and eating crispy noodle snacks was more important than both of the above.

It was still more than a month before school started. Needless to say, given his shifu's personality, he was unlikely to be doing revision so early beforehand; "cramming" before the exam was the key to high scores.

So in short, there would only be one reason shifu wasn't answering his call now...

Thinking of this, Zhuo Yi put down his phone right away and stopped bothering Wang Ling.

"What's the matter?" asked Warden Liang curiously when he saw the change in Zhuo Yi's expression.

"Nothing... The old Secretary is busy with an important matter. I can't bother him," Zhuo Yi said.

"Important matter?" Warden Liang made a guess, and a strange expression appeared on his face. "Did... did the old Secretary find a partner? Has Secretary Sun done it?"

Everyone knew that almost all the Ten Founding Generals were currently single. After all, when people reached that realm stage, they practically became indifferent to the desires of the flesh. However, for the sake of passing on the Ten Founding Generals' good genes for the benefit of future generations, the head of state had been busy arranging blind dates for them all these years...

And basically every key office was very clear on the fact that if their department took in a girl that was pretty good, they could directly call the head of state to report it on the internal line.

When Zhuo Yi suddenly said "important matter," Warden Liang's imagination promptly started to run wild...

An important matter for the Ten Generals - wouldn't that be the blind dates?!

Zhuo Yi: "No... Much more important than that..." There was nothing more important in heaven and earth than Wang Ling eating crispy noodle snacks...

Unfortunately, Warden Liang wasn't on the same wavelength as Zhuo Yi, and got it wrong.

He had an utterly amazed expression on his face. "... the old Secretary has a child?"

"..."

"My god, is the old Secretary pregnant?"

"..."

Pregnant?

Of course not...

In this world, the only person who could get pregnant and make others pregnant was Tyrant Song 2 ...

2(Refers to the "Pregnancy Gaze" spell in the online novel "Cultivation Chat Group," which causes a person to experience the pain of ten months' worth of pregnancy in ten seconds.) ...

On the other side, in the independent space on Group Leader Detention Island, Evil Sword God's interrogation continued.

There wasn't much more intelligence to be gathered now. Most of the people here had had identical experiences and encounters, so Evil Sword God could only ferret out the location of the person behind the scenes through small details.

Just as he was feeling at his wits' end, someone in the crowd raised his hand. "I've seen the Governor..."

"You have?" Evil Sword God dragged the man to the front with his sword qi.

"I've only seen a rough silhouette of him, but I'm sure that the Governor is human, just like us."

"Human?" Evil Sword God didn't think so.

Now that they had confirmed that the other party was an alien and also had some tricks, they couldn't rule out the possibility that the other party was using some special technique to hide himself.

After Divine Dao Star and Earth had established diplomatic relations, plenty of information on aliens had gradually been transmitted to Earth through Divine Dao Star as a medium. This information was public. The aliens came in all shapes and sizes; they had all kinds of appearances and some were very similar to humans, like the USB cable aliens on Convex Planet.

The other party could create "power banks" which happened to look similar to humans, and then connect with them. Despite their human-looking appearance, these "human bodies" were just the aliens' hosts. As advanced alien lifeforms, the advantage which this race had was the ability to link up with all creatures to become a "community with a shared future 3 "!

3(From the 19th CPC National Congress address..) So generally speaking, the more things were explained, the more things were hidden.

Inside the van, the Old Devil and Cheng Yu had the same thought.

Since this Governor was so adamant in disguising itself as a human, then it was very likely an alien lifeform that looked nothing like a human at all... If they were using broad classifications, it could be tentatively considered to belong to the "atypical branch."

"Atypical branch..." The Old Devil was thinking.

At the same time, the scene of Detention Island was being transmitted to the "Governor's" monitor screen.

It realized that it had underestimated the people who had snuck into this secure space.

This space had been created by Lord Brain King. Unlike the typical space created with cultivation spells, this was a space built entirely on data. As long as the data wasn't destroyed or corrupted, the space would exist forever.

So even if this group of people had found some clues, the Governor wasn't afraid. It was impossible for a regular cultivator to destroy this vast space built on data.

Dimensional data and magic spells could be described as having absolutely nothing in common. Using spells to destroy this place would be utterly ludicrous.

In fact, Evil Sword God had already tried to use the sword qi to cut open a space, but that powerful sword qi sank into the sky like a basin of water splashing against a gigantic sponge, as it was instantly and completely absorbed.

"This space is strange. My venerable self can't get out." Evil Sword God frowned; unexpectedly, he couldn't understand the space structure.

"Don't worry, let me think of something." Meanwhile, the Old Devil also had a headache.

At that moment, the Mahjong Squad seemed to be in trouble.

As a result, the mechanical octopus codenamed "Governor" was delighted. "Looks like our Brain King clan still stands above Earth cultivators!"

It sneered.

But at that moment, it saw a hand as white as jade suddenly appear in the air before its eyes...

"An enemy attack?"

It happened too fast for the mechanical octopus to react in time.

The next moment, this hand suddenly made a grab for something in one corner.

The Governor blanched, and seemed to realize what the other party was going to do.

But it was too late.

Crack!

The Governor's base router, which emitted the WIFI signal, was crushed to dust...





Chapter 944 A Distress Signal From The Mechanical Octopus


The appearance of this hand caught the mechanical octopus off guard.

The router was crushed, directly cutting off the network connection... Although this wouldn't destroy the data itself, it would severely hinder the mechanical octopus's work and control over Detention Island.

"How dare you!"

The mechanical octopus was furious. Its mechanical arms shot out to wrap around Wang Ling's white hand. From their speed alone, Wang Ling could tell that this mechanical octopus's strength was roughly at the Itinerant Immortal level.

So pathetic...

Wang Ling didn't show himself, and merely fought the mechanical octopus with one hand through the space fissure.

He knew that the Mahjong Squad was in a pickle, and that this was the problem Zhuo Yi was currently facing at work, so he decided to make a move.

As for why he was only using one hand...

It wasn't because Wang Ling was showing off how strong he was...

... But because he was holding a crispy noodle snack in his other hand, so he couldn't let go.

But the alien mechanical octopus viewed this behavior as nothing less than a taunt. Hundreds of mechanical tentacles waved in the air and turned into more shadows than the eye could see.

Wang Ling, however, couldn't be bothered discerning the situation. With that one hand stretched out of the space crack, he firmly grabbed hold of some of the real tentacles.

Boom!

His primordial qi burst in his palm, directly creating a qi explosion. The intense heat generated in that short moment instantly blew the tentacles apart.

"True Immortal..." The mechanical octopus was amazed.

He knew what the current realm stages on Earth were. The moment Wang Ling released his primordial qi, the powerful pressure immediately made the mechanical octopus think of the True Immortal realm.

But the mechanical octopus was inexperienced. It didn't know how strong Wang Ling truly was.

It also overlooked the fact that Wang Ling was fighting it with just one hand.

But even with one hand, the odds were in his favor.

After its tentacles were fried, the mechanical octopus sweated a lot of oil. It had a mechanical body, so it didn't feel pain, but it was fully aware of how troublesome the owner of this hand was.

But the mechanical octopus was still confident it could fight back. It had a mechanical body, so it wasn't afraid of death at all. Besides, its entire body was made of memory metal, and was capable of healing itself even after severe damage.

In front of memory metal, the major damage effect was rubbish and completely helpless against it.

That was the advantage of not being made of flesh and blood!

The mechanical octopus was very satisfied with its metallic composition.

Cultivators used up spirit qi. In a war of attrition, the mechanical octopus would drag a cultivator down sooner or later.

"Super 5G Online Repair Technique!" The mechanical octopus silently grit its teeth and activated this amazing ability.

The super 5G network was a super powerful network which the Brain King clan had stolen from Huawei, the top network technology supplier in the universe. The technology originated from Earth. It didn't require WIFI and was extremely fast... Back then, Lord Brain King had taken a fancy to the technology at first glance.

However, its development had encountered many stumbling blocks, mainly because some authorities at the time didn't know its worth and thwarted it in all aspects.

Fortunately, the Earthling who developed the technology was full of confidence. He didn't feel dread when he was thwarted, but met the obstacles head on.

The repair spell was based on the Brain King clan's modified version of the super 5G network.

The moment the spell was cast, the damaged bits that had already been crushed to dust on the ground actually started to gather together themselves.

The instant it activated this spell, the mechanical octopus had already decided to drag this battle out. This idea was identical to the one President Bai had had before.

But as it turned out, the mechanical octopus was thinking too much...

None of Wang Ling's battles lasted more than five minutes.

Unless he wanted to play...

To be honest, after his brush with a person of the Divine Dragon clan on Divine Dao Star, this was Wang Ling's second time fighting an alien lifeform.

He knew what the mechanical octopus was thinking. Wang Ling lifted his hand, and a ball of black light flew out of his palm to form a pitch black cube in the air.

This was the Space Removal Spell, an offshoot of the Three Thousand Great Dao, which could create an independent space in an instant without any signal interference! - The super 5G network signal disappeared on the spot!

An independent space?

The mechanical octopus was utterly stunned.

When it came to independent spaces, the mechanical octopus had a thorough understanding of them.

Group Leader Detention Island was an independent space, but even Lord Brain King had spent a lot of energy setting it up at the time... there was no way an independent space could instantly take shape.

This person's strength was amazing!

Was he really an Earthling?

The mechanical octopus inwardly felt that things weren't looking good. The hand's owner was a little strange, and was clearly different from its general understanding of Earth cultivators.

"Great Thousand-Hand Bodhisattva1 Spell..." The next moment, a voice which shook the spirit resounded inside the mechanical octopus's mind, and it almost collapsed on the spot.

1(Reminder, 'Bodhisattva' in Buddhism are enlightened beings who have put off entering paradise in order to help others attain enlightenment.) Great Thousand-Hand Bodhisattva Spell!!!

The mechanical octopus was alarmed - the other party was capable of even this?

The mechanical octopus was created by Brain King, and its database contained almost all the information in the universe. It knew that this "Great Thousand-Hand Bodhisattva Spell" was a super magical power among the thirty thousand Heavenly Dao... and a super skill among Heavenly Dao, enough to destroy the whole world!

However, it was clear that the hand's owner wasn't using all his strength, as he used just his fingers to demonstrate this move. Thousands of fingers created a huge array in the air, just like the Thousand Swords Art sword array 2 , and they fell like a thunderstorm to incessantly pierce the body of the mechanical octopus and its tentacles.

2(From "Legend of Sword and Fairy.") Boom...

The continuous bombardment broke the mechanical octopus into pieces. Its tentacles were instantly all blown apart! Even its forehead was hit hard, and it spat out pitch black oil as it was sent flying. It crashed into the wall behind it, and slid down the smooth surface.

"It's over, it's all over..." The mechanical octopus was in despair.

It had no idea that Earth had such a variable. Its vision became blurry; it had practically fallen apart after being pierced through by this Great Thousand-Hand Bodhisattva Spell.

"Lord Brain King... Lord Brain King, help..."

It sent out a weak distress signal, but it was blocked by the independent space and couldn't be transmitted at all.

It was all over...

...

On the other side in his bedroom, Wang Ling withdrew his hand from the crack.

He had successfully intercepted the mechanical octopus's distress signal.

Now, if they wanted to draw out this Lord Brain King, they just needed to be thoroughly prepared; once the distress signal was sent out, they just needed to wait for a sure catch.

Wang Ling took a bite of his crispy noodle snack and sent the distress signal to Zhuo Yi as a text message.

This was what it looked like after it was translated into Chinese: "I have a book called Rongzhai Six Strokes 3 ..."

3(A code phrase from the Chinese adventure game "The Invisible Guardian .. ")





Chapter 945 Wang Ming's Brain Deduction Technique


"I have a book called Rongzhai Six Strokes ..."

It was obvious that the distress signal which the mechanical octopus sent before its death was a secret code. After Zhuo Yi received Wang Ling's message, Wang Ming deciphered it in less than a minute.

"So soon?"

"It's a code phrase from the indie game The Invisible Guardian ; you can find it after a major data search." On the other end of the phone, Wang Ming replied, "The correct answer to the secret code is: Rongzhai Six Strokes only has five strokes."

"I see. As expected of Lao Gudong Ming!" Zhuo Yi nodded.

"What are you going to do next?" Wang Ming knew Zhuo Yi was the commander-in-chief of this operation to clean up the Internet.

The enemy they were dealing with this time were aliens from the Brain King clan on Brain King Star. Wang Ming had found out the mechanical octopus's origins after taking its core apart.

According to the cosmic database which Divine Dao Star had shared with them, the level of science and technology on Brain King Star was quite advanced, and they were close to entering an era of machine automation.

Babies born on Brain King Star had their brains removed and implanted into machines as bodies, greatly increasing their lifespan. The Brain King clan didn't need to worry about getting sick at all. Even if their mechanical joints wore out, any component could be instantly replaced until they no longer wanted to live.

Those who decided to die would then donate their brains to Brain King and allow the latter to absorb them, which was a pain-free process.

Of course, whether it was truly painless or not was something that only the Brain King clan knew.

This was just cosmic intelligence shared by Divine Dao Star, and much of it was from verbal accounts of local inhabitants from various other planets. The information was mixed, and they had to distinguish between what was true and what was fake themselves.

"Lao Gudong Ming, what do you think the Brain King clan's purpose is for coming to Earth this time? It looks like they're looking for someone..." Zhuo Yi was a little worried.

"Brain King, the head of the Brain King clan, can absorb brains to increase its own longevity and wisdom. I'm afraid that they're here on Earth this time to look for people with very high IQs..."

"High IQs? Wouldn't they be targeting places like research institutes? Isn't Lao Gudong Ming in danger?"

"Mm..."

Wang Ming nodded noncommittally. He thought up a number of scenarios, and after some calculation, came up with the most likely answer. "They're taking great pains to develop a water army on Earth, not just to make money, but more so to search for people through this huge water army network until they find the smartest people to present to Brain King.

"But it seems there was something wrong with the plan when it was set up at first, and they went in the wrong direction... They set up the water army and Group Leader Detention Island, likely because they wanted to find the smartest people among these group leaders. It seems that these Brain King aliens naively thought that these kings of talking big were real kings."

"..." Zhuo Yi was utterly stupefied.

There - there was even this kind of operation?

"One more thing, Lao Gudong Ming..." Zhuo Yi suddenly said.

"Go ahead."

"Previously, a thief called Kong Ruye broke into my place; he's a well-known repeat offender of the Dark Network."

"Mm, I heard about that. What did you find?"

"According to the current investigation, this Kong Ruye was also sent by the Governor, but at that time, he only wanted my hair. It's likely that they wanted it to test my DNA, but unfortunately, they didn't succeed."

Wang Ming was lost in thought at Zhuo Yi's words.

"Wait a bit," Wang Ming said.

He then sat down and the Brain Deduction Technique started working again at that moment. Countless possible scenarios flowed through his mind, and he began to deduce them.

When Wang Ming was calculating the various possibilities in the spiritual world, it seemed to take a very long time. It felt as if a very long day or two had passed, but in fact, it was only a short three minutes.

In just three minutes, Wang Ming calculated thousands of possible outcomes and ranked them in descending order of probability.

When he was done, his head was wet with sweat.

He had overexerted himself. He had employed his brain earlier to deduce the Brain King clan's purpose for coming to Earth. Now, after a second deduction, it actually felt like his brain wasn't getting enough oxygen.

"Lao Gudong Ming, Lao Gudong Ming?" On the phone, Zhuo Yi was a little concerned when he didn't hear Wang Ming's voice after a long while.

"He's fine. It's just that his sugar levels are a little low now after doing the deduction. He'll call you back later." Zhai Yin answered on Wang Ming's behalf, then hung up.

"How are you?"

She was so close that Wang Ming could smell her scent.

After giving Wang Ming a sugar pill that had been prepared beforehand, Zhai Yin helped Wang Ming to the bedroom on base to lie down and get some rest.

A sugar pill was a must for Wang Ming after he used the Brain Deduction Technique. This technique took a lot out of him and was harmful to the brain. The sugar pill could promptly replenish nutrients and help decrease the damage.

During the incident with the Shuigou Sect last time, Wang Ming used this technique to handle several assassins one after another in order to protect the students. He overexerted himself so much that he had directly passed out.

It was after that incident that Wang Ming really began to pay attention to the aftereffects of using the Brain Deduction Technique. However, sugar pills were only a temporary nutrient substitute, and couldn't support extended periods of exertion.

The energy consumption increased proportionally with the use of the Brain Deduction Technique, each time using up more energy than the last.

A mere sugar pill couldn't last him long.

In addition, the sugar pill was made from fast-acting ingredients. After long-term consumption, his body would develop anti-sugar properties.

Thus, he had to find a more perfect solution.

"Don't use your ability so carelessly. If you go on like this, Old Qi will be angry again," Zhai Yin said in a worried tone.

"Don't tell... Old Qi..."

"I got it..."

Wang Ming sighed as if a weight had been lifted off him.

He knew exactly what he was doing.

He had to fix this issue of the aftereffects of the Brain Deduction Technique without delay.

But he had too much on his plate at the moment.

At this critical juncture when Earth was now establishing diplomatic relations with aliens, he had to handle the invasion of the Brain King clan properly.

It had been necessary for him to do the deduction this time.

On the other hand, while the aftereffects of the Brain Deduction Technique were heavy, it wasn't as if there weren't any gains.

Wang Ming felt that he was getting more and more results with each deduction - this was crucial to his study of Wang Ling's primordial qi.

After Wang Ling had drawn the talisman seal for himself when he was a child, Wang Ming had helped upgrade it several times. There were two problems which Wang Ming had yet to resolve with the next version upgrade.

If he could increase his proficiency with the "Brain Deduction Technique," the results would be more reliable and he would be able to solve these two issues.

Version 3.0 of the talisman seal...

He had to hurry up and upgrade it before Wang Ling graduated from senior high.





Chapter 946 Is There a Scholar Drunk Moon?


As Brain King's right hand on Earth for many years, the abrupt death of the mechanical octopus codenamed "Governor" naturally caught Brain King's attention.

A mysterious Almighty cultivator on Earth whom they didn't know about... Brain King couldn't help shivering at this thought. This was a situation he had never expected. He thought he knew everything about Earth, when in fact he didn't.

Naturally, it never occurred to him that the Brain King clan would provoke a monster of unknown strength.

"It's my fault." The instant the mechanical octopus died, Brain King's brain waves almost instantly received the signal that a life had disappeared. He sighed.

Brain King's whole body was made of light metal, and even his eyes were mechanical. Maybe it was because he had received news of the mechanical octopus's death that his mechanical eyes which had never changed now flashed red.

Maybe he should have noticed early on how "weird" Earth was...

The tyrannical Divine Dragon clan had been expanding throughout the universe since the beginning. They enslaved countless people and devoured their home planets. But after the Divine Dragons made plans to devour Earth a while back...

In the end, not only was Earth unscathed, the Divine Dragon clan's attitude changed completely...

Not only did they free the enslaved aliens, they returned the home planets to them and helped rebuild their homes, and even wanted to establish diplomatic relations with Earth.

This bigwig of unknown strength intervening from the shadows was like a Sichuan opera-style face change 1 horror story...

1(The act of switching masks in traditional Chinese theater during the performance to signify changes in emotions/attitudes.) As one of the most intelligent life forms in the universe, Brain King felt that he had noticed this too late.

Sitting upright in his leather armchair, he kneaded his forehead and felt a slight headache.

"Are you alright, Lord Brain King?" asked the secret envoy of the Brain King clan on the side, who was assisting him.

"I'm fine." Brain King shook his head. "Go, fetch me a primordial black crystal skull. Make sure it's of better quality, my head hurts."

"Yes, Lord Brain King." The secret envoy nodded.

Brain King was facing a fierce internal struggle.

He knew that he had already provoked a terrifying Almighty whom even the Divine Dragons didn't dare provoke. Not only didn't they dare provoke him, they were even currying favor with him...

Nevertheless, he couldn't stop his plan.

Since things had come to this point, Brain King felt he had to go all the way.

This had to do with the fate of the entire Brain King clan.

Brain King Star's planet core worked by absorbing the brain waves Brain King emitted. The planet was approaching the end of its life and its aging population was a serious cause of concern. The brain waves provided by the planet's inhabitants after they died could no longer keep the planet functioning. Brain King had no choice but to take a desperate risk and devour an alien brain.

And just a few years ago, he had detected powerful brain waves coming from none other than Earth.

It was from that moment on that Brain King knew.

There was a wise man on Earth who surpassed any on Brain King Star.

To save the inhabitants of an entire planet, he had to find this wise man.

Brain King was well aware that his move was like stepping into the eye of a storm and could be considered extremely dangerous.

But he currently had no choice.

Thinking this, Brain King looked up at the air and muttered to himself, "I am sorry, wise man of Earth... To save my people, you need to be sacrificed... Whatever it takes, this king will find you..."

"Lord Brain King, the new skull has arrived." At this moment, the secret envoy suddenly returned.

"Mm, change it for me. Also..."

Brain King stood up. "I'm going to Earth. Brother Octopus is already dead, and I don't have much time left. I'll do it myself."

...

Meanwhile, with the sudden death of the mechanical octopus, the prison mahjong trio's mission proceeded smoothly. Group Leader Detention Island was originally an independent space built by the Brain King clan using data. It couldn't be broken using normal means, but when the terminal router was destroyed and the network cut, the island's bugs were instantly exposed.

With three slashes of his sword, Evil Sword God created three large holes in the island, and all the water army group leaders who had been imprisoned here were finally freed today.

A director once filmed a movie called Django Unchained . Evil Sword God felt that this historic scene could totally be adapted for a movie called Fat Shut-Ins Unchained ...

How wonderful was the smell of freedom? The moment they were released, these imprisoned group leaders were overwhelmed by myriad emotions and profound understanding...

They spent their days on Group Leader Detention Island eating junk food and gaming to obtain items over and over again until they felt like throwing up.

What had once been a source of endless joy now left them with trauma as a side effect.

However, what they would face next was a new round of punishment.

Warden Liang dispatched dozens of prison vehicles from Songhai First Prison to Crow County, which took up an entire street. Crow County's Internet cafe became an exit for Group Leader Detention Island, and the water army group leaders were led out in handcuffs by prison guards.

Many of them had complicated expressions; some were even smiling, but this definitely wasn't because they were crazy.

It was relief at being freed.

"Hey, delivery boy, how long will they be locked up for?" the Old Devil asked after grabbing one of the prison guard little brothers.

"You've rendered outstanding service this time." With a smile, the little brother replied, "For disorderly Internet conduct, they will be given a sentence of one to twelve months. Those who commit cyber fraud will be sentenced according to how much money was involved. Serious cases will mean ten or even twenty years of jail time, but not to the extent of a death penalty."

This little brother could be considered a veteran at Songhai First Prison, who was also part of the Special Punishment Team. He often delivered meals to the Old Devil and the others, so was quite familiar with the prison trio.

"So that's it." The trio nodded.

"By the way, can you not call me delivery boy? I have a name. My name is Guo Zuoren," the little brother guard said helplessly.

Guo Zuoren...

Mm...

In fact, the Old Devil had heard the little brother introduce himself before, and the name sounded a little familiar to him for some reason.

Furthermore, looking at the little brother's appearance, the Old Devil felt that this person was connected to some person he had met before, perhaps by blood.

But who on earth could it be...

The Old Devil couldn't remember.

"You cracked the case, and Old Liang is very happy. You'll get extra with your meals tonight, so let me know what you want," Guo Zuoren said.

"Can we order some wine?" The trio exchanged looks; they were all thinking the same thing, and the Old Devil asked on their behalf.

"What brand?" Guo Zuoren asked.

"Anything is fine?"

"Yes, only for tonight."

"A bottle of Scholar Drunken Moon then."

"What Drunken Moon?"

"DRUNKEN, MOON."

"Oh..." Guo Zuoren nodded. "No problem."

Scholar Drunken Moon was an old brand of immortal wine.

It was very famous, and naturally, there were many knock-offs.

There were now a lot of "Scholar Drunken Moon" on the market, like Most Moon, Drunk Excess, Crime Moon 2 and so on... So it was important to be very clear on the name!

2(They all read as "zui yue" in Chinese..)





Chapter 947 The Last Summer Assignment


It was September 5th, the twenty-third day of the summer vacation.

There was about a month to the end of the summer vacation. The start of a new term of every cultivation high school happened before that; that was to say, although school started on October 7th, the truth was that students had to hand in their homework and do a new round of entrance exams on October 1st.

Half a year had passed, but Wang Ling still remembered the embarrassment that happened when he entered Number 60 High the first time round. The new entrance test wouldn't affect the class groupings, and was just for evaluating each student's overall ability after half a year of learning. Some students improved, while some screwed up... What was vital was how much progress they made.

This was also a new level of difficulty in keeping his grades down which Wang Ling was now facing.

This was a lot harder than keeping his test scores down, because he had to be very clear about each of his classmate's learning situation, and then calculate the progress they made, and finally determine how much progress he himself should make...

Yes, even when it came to the rate of progress, Wang Ling had to keep his grades down to retain his middle position in class.

Wang Ling didn't like to procrastinate when it came to summer homework; he didn't want to end up doing it in a fast food restaurant in the last few days of the summer vacation like 99% of students.

Wang Ling preferred to do his homework in an orderly manner. Besides, there were some parts which he didn't personally need to write himself.

In terms of handwriting, Wang Ling already had a database of all the font types in the whole world in his brain. Using the remarkable "Great Ma Liang 1 Spell," it was easy to mimic any handwriting, so even if Wang Ling didn't practice writing his characters, he didn't have to worry that his handwriting would look bad.

1(A legendary Chinese painter..) Every time he handed in his homework and his exam papers, Teacher Pan always felt that Wang Ling's words looked like they were printed, each one being a uniform square...

...

The last summer assignment was to write a report.

This was also compulsory homework which all teachers-in-charge assigned their students, and which was extra credit that counted to their graduation.

Wang Ling didn't really care about this extra credit, but if he didn't write the report, his marks would be deducted...

The topic of the report: "My Classmate."

Requirements: After half a semester, you should now have some knowledge and understanding of your classmates. Please write an evaluation of no less than 800 words each on the five students whom you are the most familiar with in class. Explain how you got to know each other and how you get along (Do not make things up. Your story must be true. You can make fun of the other party, but you are not allowed to use insulting words.).

"..."

Hm...

Mentally skimming through the homework requirements set by Teacher Pan, Wang Ling felt some melancholy for the first time in a long while.

800 words actually wasn't hard... But writing five essays was a little demanding!

The point was, he couldn't have Pen and Eraser write this for him. These two gremlins wrote in a mechanical style. Wang Ling remembered when the language teacher had written a comment at the end of an essay which Pen had written for him: "You might as well copy out The Complete Classic Collection of Good Words and Good Sentences ."

And so, the teacher had given that homework a low grade.

The disadvantage of mechanical writing was that the work was emotionless, and it was too obvious when you were imitating star compositions.

The report this time was on true stories.

Wang Ling felt that at the very least, he needed to have a better understanding of the five people before he could write the report.

When it came to the five people whom he had the deepest connections with in class -

They were Chen Chao, Guo Hao, Lin Xiaoyu, Su Xiao, as well as Sun Rong, whom the author had no freaking clue about but hadn't forgotten...

Four of these five people had been on his "to watch out for" list at the start of the semester.

Now, in the blink of an eye, a semester had passed.

"How time flies..." Wang Ling murmured unconsciously.

Only one semester had gone by after 900-plus chapters. Actually, Wang Ling didn't know how many more chapters the author would have to write before he got to Wang Ling's high school graduation... No, perhaps the question was, how many more days were there before it was over?

After all, this shameless and unscrupulous author was only updating at one chapter a day.

...

Every time he thought about his, Wang Ling couldn't help taking a deep breath.

He calmed down, and when he opened his eyes, the golden petals in his pupils blossomed as he released all of the power of sight of the King's Eye.

Light shot through the air and tore open part of history - Wang Ling was searching for Chen Chao's memories.

In the blink of an eye, Wang Ling had moved from his desk to a sea of stars. This was the memory space which the King's Eye had infiltrated, and around Wang Ling at the moment were fragments of Chen Chao's memories.

Wang Ling reached out to grasp one fragment.

Memories that didn't belong to Wang Ling suddenly appeared in his mind.

Various memories and images were displayed in vivid detail like old photos.

Year 4383...

Chen Chao was three years old, and could already remember things.

The Chen family ran a martial arts dojo, and Father Chen was the head.

One night in late December, it suddenly turned cold in Songhai city, and snow fell heavily along with piercingly cold winds.

When Chen Chao woke up, there was already a thick layer of snow outside.

The sky was just turning light, and the world outside was white with snow. The faint light which broke through the clouds reflected off the snow, irritating Chen Chao as he opened his eyes in discomfort.

It was still a little before six o'clock.

Chen Chao had slept in his family's dojo that night.

When he opened his eyes, he could already hear the sound of the wooden dummy being hit outside.

Father Chen had set up some equipment for martial arts practice in the dojo's courtyard out front.

Chen Chao, who was only three, couldn't fully understand how the equipment worked, but he knew he had to handle this equipment every day if he wanted to become strong.

Father Chen was bare from the waist up, revealing his muscles, and barefooted as he practiced on the wooden dummy in the courtyard.

Father Chen's punches were as quick and violent as vipers, and Chen Chao couldn't follow them at all with his eyes; even trying to catch sight of their shadows was hard.

Father Chen deliberately had Chen Chao live in the martial arts dojo. Their Chen family had practiced ancient martial arts for generations. Although it was now an era of national cultivation, body techniques still played an indispensable role.

However, more and more children nowadays would rather be the mage firing fireballs from the back than the man who used consummate body techniques to charge and break through enemy lines up front.

Father Chen felt that real men should charge forward! Not lie low at the back and just cast spells.

Seeing that Chen Chao had woken up, Father Chen knew that the right opportunity had arrived. His aura turned heavy, and as he exhaled, he blew out a stream of white qi a dozen or so meters long like a snow-breathing dragon. Chen Chao's small mouth dropped wide open with awe at this sight.

"Want to learn, boy?" Father Chen looked at Chen Chao.

"Yes!" Chen Chao was already enticed.

"Good boy!" Father Chen rubbed Chen Chao's small, round and empty head, picked him up and brought him out of the room to an old pagoda tree.

Father Chen: "Go, son."

Chen Chao: "???"

Father Chen: "If you want to practice martial arts, rub this tree first. From today onward, rub the bark with your hand until this tree is bald."

Chen Chao: "???"

Wang Ling: "





Chapter 948 Strength Super Martial Arts Dojo


The foundation was naturally very important when it came to cultivating body techniques, and Father Chen had a unique cultivation method, which was to rub trees.

Quickly rubbing the palms over the rough tree bark could help both arms with strength training. One maintained a martial arts squat in this process, which also helped to inject a tiny amount of spirit qi into the dantian so that spirit qi could circulate on its own in the body. No supplementary medicines were required, and it would only take a few short years for one to reach the Qi Condensation stage from the Body Condensation stage.

There were plenty of medicines on the market now to assist those under the Golden Core stage with their cultivation, and it wasn't like the Chen family couldn't afford them at all. However, the foundations of children who took these supplementary medicines in the end weren't as strong as those who progressed steadily and surely.

Children with the same realm who relied on supplementary medicines clearly couldn't last as long in battle, and would feel tired not long after they started fighting.

This was in fact the reason why more and more people chose to become mages now.

Body techniques consumed too much energy, and kids who took supplementary medicines would lose after throwing a few punches.

This also resulted in a vicious circle in modern preschool education. At some point, in the eyes of some kids, body techniques had already become outdated, making it seem like only people who could cast classy fireballs and water bombs were the true cultivators.

"Dad... I can't do it..."

During the first month of training, Chen Chao felt like he was going to die. His palms often bled from the rubbing, and some drops of that bright scarlet red blood fell to the snow-covered ground, slowly melting the snow with a sizzle.

"Even though one is old, he may still be full of ambition1. Do you know what an old tree's network of roots signify?"

1(From Cao Cao's "Though the Tortoise Lives Long.") "Dad, are you telling me I have to lay a solid foundation?" Three-year-old Chen Chao didn't understand.

"No. It means that when you're in trouble, you must never be afraid!"

Father Chen shouted, "Charge, and take it down!"

Chen Chao: "..."

"Come, follow me! Keep rubbing the tree and take it down!" Father Chen was fired up.

Chen Chao rubbed his palms on the bark, and it was so painful he almost cried.

Father Chen directed him from behind: "One, two, three, four!... Two, two, three, four!... Keep it up!... Do it again!"

Chen Chao: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

And so, that year, three-year-old Chen Chao rubbed the tree day after day, and when he was four, he finally understood the profound meaning of Iron Sand Palm.

...

While Chen Chao's childhood seemed uninteresting, in fact it was quite productive.

Children in the cultivation world received enlightenment at an earlier age, and Chen Chao was already able to speak fluently at the age of three. This proved that his aptitude wasn't bad, and Father Chen obviously took this into consideration before deciding to help Chen Chao establish an early foundation.

In the sea of memories, Wang Ling reached out and plucked out another silver-gray memory fragment.

This was a dark-colored fragment, which meant that it was a heavy and unpleasant memory; it wasn't like most of the other fragments, which looked like colorful glass.

Wang Ling held the fragment in his hand and slowly closed his eyes. This time, he decided to observe Chen Chao's world more closely...

And so, in Chen Chao's memory world, a four-year-old girl named Wang Xiaoling appeared.

This was a transformation created from combining the King's Eye with the Great Memory Spell, and was used to conceal one's identity.

The "Wang Xiaoling" whom Wang Ling had turned into inside Chen Chao's memory did exist.

Wang Xiaoling was originally an important part of Chen Chao's memory. In order not to affect the order of the memory world itself, the King's Eye turned Wang Ling into an image of this girl.

It was a little like a first-person perspective and could help Wang Ling observe Chen Chao more closely.

The silver-gray memory fragments represented the great changes and upheavals in one's life. Wang Ling transformed into Wang Xiaoling and observed this world through the eyes of a little girl. Instantly, the scene before his eyes grew bigger.

Everything looked big and tall in a child's world.

When he came to his senses, Wang Ling found himself surrounded by several children in a park.

"Your mother is the woman who picks up the trash around here, isn't she? She comes to my house every day to collect broken glass. She's smelly and dirty, and so disgusting."

The speaker was a fatty whom Wang Ling didn't recognize.

But the girl in Chen Chao's memory knew him. Now that Wang Ling had become the girl, he also shared her memories.

The fatty was called Tiger Liang and his family was very rich. His father, who ran a magic center for kids called Balance Center, was Chen Chao's father's business competitor.

In this neighborhood, the more well-known schools were the Chen family's Strength Super Martial Arts Dojo and the Liang family's Balance Magic Center.

In recent years, however, the Liang family's business had continued to prosper day by day, and the Chen family was almost drowned out by the former's fame.

Wang Ling didn't speak, because Wang Xiaoling was in fact a mute.

But he had the little girl's memories, and could sense her fear.

This made Wang Ling a little uncomfortable.

Should he make a move...

Wang Ling was hesitant.

He knew very well that he would change something if he made a move, and might change the world line of this memory... He remained silent, and decided to be patient for the time being and wait to see what would happen.

What was more, there really was no point in arguing with a bunch of little brats.

Everyone had silver-gray memory fragments in their lives, which symbolized a calamity that they had to endure; it was their fate to pass through this trial, and something they couldn't avoid.

For example, when Wang Ling was six years old and Er Ha had fallen from the sky and pulverized the crispy noodle snacks flagship store, that had been a calamity...

Wang Ling knew that if he forcibly changed things here, Chen Chao might run into even worse trouble in the future.

Just then, a familiar voice suddenly rang out in Wang Ling's ears.

It was Chen Chao.

"Let go of that girl!" Chen Chao suddenly appeared in front of Wang Ling, his arms folded.

Wang Ling was in tune with the girl's memories, and at that moment, Chen Chao seemed like a hero who had fallen from the sky.

"Little Brother Hu, this is Chen Chao from the Chen family. He doesn't look like he'll be easy to deal with."

"That's right. Chen Chao has been practicing body techniques since he was three years old. I heard he's not half-bad."

Tiger Liang was accompanied by two lackeys, who were both student members of the Balance Magic Center who viewed Tiger Liang as their leader. At the same time, they enjoyed course discounts as his flunkies; each person got up to a forty percent discount at most.

Enrollment into the magic center was at an unprecedented high. To save money, parents would have their kids deliberately approach Tiger Liang, so the lackeys around Tiger Liang just continued to increase.

"Chen Chao? From that Strength Super Martial Arts Dojo, right? Body techniques?"

Tiger Liang laughed. He opened his palm and a ball of fire appeared in it. "Let's see if your body techniques or my fireballs are stronger!"

Chen Chao took a deep breath, then walked over to stand in front of Tiger Liang and gaze at him. "Get lost, or I might destroy you with my palm."

"Hahaha! You think you can do the Buddha Palm?! You're only four years old. What can you fight me with? An idiot plus a mute!" Tiger Liang laughed loudly.

Thud!

Without saying a word, Chen Chao struck Tiger Liang in the leg with his palm, so fast that Tiger Liang couldn't follow it.

"I might not be able to do the Buddha Palm, but I'm still capable of the Iron Sand Palm." Chen Chao pulled his hand back.

"Ahhh!"

Tiger Liang yelled in pain and clutched his leg in a fluster.

But he forgot to cancel his own Fireball Spell, and just like that, it exploded on his leg...

That year, Chen Chao acted for the first time.

He saved a girl with his body technique.

That year, he was four years old.





Chapter 949 Seeds of Hatred


In the hospital, Tiger Liang, who had been injured by the Fireball Spell, was wailing bitterly. It was hard to believe that a ten-year-old kid had actually been bullied by two four-year-olds.

"That's him! And her! They joined hands to bully me. We said it would be a one-on-one battle, but in the end, the one with the surname Chen didn't follow the rules. He cut in halfway and hit me with a Fireball Spell!

"Father, you have to believe me. This isn't my fault! It's their fault! It's everyone's fault!"

Some of his lackeys nodded repeatedly and parroted him on the side.

"That's right, it's just like Brother Tiger said! They were bullying people! They're shameless!"

...

Chen Chao didn't justify himself from beginning to end; he knew the cameras around the park had been destroyed and whatever he said would be useless.

Tiger Liang could say whatever he wanted and twist the truth.

Wang Xiaoling was a mute who couldn't speak or even read. When Tiger Liang cried foul first before they could, she shook her head non-stop but was unable to open her mouth and argue back.

Wang Ling, who had possessed this girl's body, could vividly feel her helplessness.

"Don't be afraid."

Chen Chao protected her behind him, as if she was his own little sister rather than a stranger.

Father Chen had taught him that people who cultivated body techniques had to know what it meant to stand firm! It was like that old pagoda tree in front of the dojo whose trunk had already been rubbed bald; even without bark, it still stood firm and upright throughout the seasons without collapsing.

Tiger Liang's father had arrived. Seeing his son in pain, his face gradually darkened and he gazed at Chen Chao before snorting coldly. "You uneducated little bastard. Since your father didn't teach you anything, I'll do it in his place..."

He threw a punch at Chen Chao. Liang Heng, Tiger Liang's father, was at the Foundation Establishment stage.

This punch was extremely fast, and Chen Chao could only see its shadow.

This person wasn't a cultivator who specialized in body techniques, so his punch was a little bit slow; Chen Chao felt it was nothing like his father's at all.

He felt he could guess where the punch would land and dodge it completely.

Chen Chao grit his teeth, his trademark unyielding expression on his face, and the resolution in his gaze appeared to pull at Liang Heng's heartstrings.

It was a manly expression on the face of a kid with a fearless and courageous spirit who had been cultivating body techniques for a year.

To be frank, Liang Heng was a little envious; he knew that when it came to mindset, his son Tiger Liang couldn't compare with Chen Chao.

In that moment, Liang Heng was pretty angry, but confronted with Chen Chao's gaze, he realized that he couldn't do anything to him.

And so his fist turned toward Wang Ling next to Chen Chao...

Chen Chao wasn't afraid of Liang Heng, who would get into trouble if he beat up Chen Chao. But this little girl was different; her mother only collected rubbish, and the girl herself was mute. Even if she was bullied, what could she do?

Liang Heng had the vicious gall to instantly switch targets and aim a punch at Wang Xiaoling.

"You!" Chen Chao wanted to block him but it was already too late.

"Bang!"

This punch didn't hit Wang Ling, but instead hit a figure who had swiftly appeared — it was an imposing man with a thick and broad build.

"Father."

Chen Chao was close to crying as tears full of grievance welled up in his eyes, though they didn't fall in the end.

"Son, straighten your back! Don't be afraid! Why? Because I'm here!"

Chen Chao: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Father Chen gripped Liang Heng's fist tightly. "Old Liang, isn't it a little too petty of you to hit a little girl?"

Seeing that his punch had been blocked, Liang Heng shrugged. "The wicked are bedeviled by the same - all of you bullied my son, don't think I'll just let it be!"

"You should in fact be well aware of the truth of the matter. They're young, arguments are inevitable. Indulging your Little Tiger will only harm him."

Father Chen laughed. "I'll say no more! I've paid the medical fees! Old Liang, I hope you'll watch your behavior. For the sake of the fact that we learned under the same teacher in college, don't look for trouble with my son and this poor little girl."

Father Chen sighed inwardly; be that as it may, this could be considered a decisive end to any relationship between their martial arts dojo and the Liang family's magic center.

Father Chen could not be any clearer on the type of person Liang Heng was; he had always been very competitive since college.

Now that his ten-year-old son Tiger Liang had been injured by Chen Chao, who was only four years old, this was the same as the reputation of Liang Heng's magic center taking a hit from Father Chen himself.

"Son, let's go." Protecting Chen Chao and Wang Xiaoling, Father Chen prepared to leave.

On the hospital bed, Tiger Liang suddenly shouted, "Father! You can't let them go!!"

"Shut up!" Liang Heng glared at him, scaring Tiger Liang into instantly shutting his mouth; Liang Heng knew himself that he was losing face doing this.

"Father, it was two against one!"

"You shut up!" Liang Heng was overwhelmed by anger.

What fucking two against one!

A ten-year-old like you couldn't handle two four-year-old kids. How humiliating is that?

And most embarrassing of all was that many onlookers had seen Tiger Liang shouting and making a fool of himself. Liang Heng could be considered famous around here, and it was always funnier to watch someone famous make a fool of themselves...

But Tiger Liang had no idea about any of this. He felt especially wronged; as someone who had been spoiled growing up, he had never experienced such frustration before.

It was that damn rubbish collector's fault!

"I'll remember this! You just wait!" Tiger Liang shouted at the Chen father and son pair as well as Wang Xiaoling.

At that moment, Father Chen paused and turned his head to examine Tiger Liang, whose leg was bound up like a dumpling.

"You... what are you looking at?!" Tiger Liang's skin crawled.

Father Chen laughed. "Nothing; I suddenly thought I should show you some care."

Tiger Liang: "Care? Then get Chen Chao to bow and apologize to me! No! He's younger, so he should kowtow and apologize!"

"You misunderstand."

Father Chen shook his head. "Uncle Chen wanted to ask if you've finished your homework for the winter break already."

Tiger Chen: "..."

Father Chen: "What did you get in the final exam?"

Tiger Chen: "..."

Father Chen: "What's your ranking in class? In your whole year? Has some uncle asked you how many monster girlfriends Sun Wukong has1?"

(A meme related to Liuxiaolingtong studies. https://supchina.com/2019/01/08/the-lifetime-of-a-meme-the-lesson-of-zhang-jinlai/) Tiger Chen: "..."

Father Chen: "You're in Junior Grade Three now, and in two years, you'll take the middle school entrance exam. How far have you progressed in your cultivation? What Physical Build level are you at now? Can you reach the Qi Condensation stage by the time you're in Grade Six?"

Tiger Chen: "..."

Father Chen's questions seemed simple, but they pierced the heart and drew blood. On the hospital bed, Tiger Liang was rendered speechless.

Tiger Liang just gaped like a fool and couldn't say anything for a long time.

Alright!

Good job! Go home!

Father Chen was in a good mood when he left with Chen Chao and Wang Xiaoling.

The two four-year-olds were utterly stunned by Father Chen's operation.

That was the day that four-year-old Chen Chao learned one truth.

It turned out that you didn't need to use your fists to deal someone a deep injury... The seeds of a "mouth cannon" started to sprout in young Chen Chao's heart.





Chapter 950 Chen Chao's New Discovery and the Origin of His Hairstyle


Ever since Father Chen's mouth cannon attack on Tiger Liang at the hospital, four-year-old Chen Chao seemed to have understood something about the art of language.

The next day, he didn't stare at the half-bald trunk of the old pagoda tree, but sat under the tree to read A Comprehensive Collection of Crosstalk .

Father Chen thought that Chen Chao was probably upset about what happened yesterday and had yet to calm down. From afar, reading a book under the pagoda tree made it look like he had retreated into himself.

Father Chen didn't urge him to cultivate, and instead sat down next to Chen Chao and said attentively, "Son, cultivating body techniques shapes the body and nourishes the mind. I'm very proud of you for bravely stepping forward to save that poor mute girl yesterday."

Honestly speaking, Chen Chao had made tremendous progress, and as his father, Chen Yi was indeed very happy from the bottom of his heart. Nowadays, even helping an old woman who had fallen down took courage 1 , to say nothing of confronting a kid five or six years older than you.

1(Refers to the "pengci" phenomenon in China.) Father Chen thought that Chen Chao had one hundred percent inherited his brave, hot-blooded and fearless personality, and then some.

Four-year-old Chen Chao seemed braver than Father Chen had been at that age.

Father Chen didn't rebuke Chen Chao at all for hitting Tiger Liang yesterday, and instead shouldered the responsibility; Father Chen and his son were very clear on who had been right and wrong. Yesterday, Father Chen had paid the medical fees so that Liang Heng couldn't find any fault with them. On the contrary, it was Liang Heng's disappointment of a son acting up in the hospital who made a fool of himself in front of so many onlookers.

But something seemed to have gone wrong somewhere, as Chen Chao seemed a little withdrawn today.

Picking his words, Father Chen wanted to ask, "Son, you did nothing wrong yesterday. So..."

"I know." Holding A Comprehensive Collection of Crosstalk , Chen Chao replied, "Dad, I'm pursuing the art of language."

"The - the art of language?"

"'A gentleman uses his mouth and not his fist.' Father, what you said to Tiger Liang yesterday left him speechless, which was so cool! So I think that apart from regular physical cultivation, I also need to practice smooth talk," Chen Chao replied excitedly.

For one moment, Father Chen was unable to respond; it turned out the problem was what had happened at the end yesterday!

He had only shot his mouth off at the time when he could no longer stand Tiger Liang's aggressive and vile attitude. Teaching this sort of kid a lesson was actually very easy — the questions he had asked yesterday had hit Tiger Liang's sore spots, as a second rich generation who never studied.

Father Chen never expected to inadvertently trigger in his son a fascination with the art of language.

He couldn't help laughing. "So, what art of language have you discovered in this Comprehensive Collection of Crosstalk ?"

Four-year-old Chen Chao thought for a while before answering seriously, "Smoking!"

Father Chen: "..."

Chen Chao: "Drinking!"

Father Chen: "..."

Chen Chao: "And perming hair! 2 "

2(From a performance by popular crosstalk duo Guo Degang and Yu Qian, where the former teased the latter of having these three hobbies ..) Father Chen: "But you're a kid. Underaged children aren't allowed to drink or smoke, which is also in our family rules."

Chen Chao: "But... isn't there still perming hair?"

"Mm, you have a point, son." Father Chen smiled faintly.

And so, when Chen Chao was four -

To prevent his son from going overboard in his pursuit of the art of language, and instead have him focus on cultivating body techniques, Father Chen duped him into going to the hairdresser's and told the barber, "Just trim my son's hair a bit."

Chen Chao was four that year.

It was the year he got a crew cut.

And he had maintained that hairstyle to this day.

...

After the conflict with the Liang family, the Chen family's Strength Super Martial Dojo suddenly experienced a boom in business. In one month, the dojo accepted close to twenty disciples, many of whom were preschoolers just slightly older than Chen Chao.

There were two reasons for this change.

First, the Liang family's Balance Magic Center had always been a well-known school in this area, but the son of the head of the center, ten-year-old Tiger Liang, had lost to four-year-old Chen Chao. This news spread from the hospital that day.

So since that day, people had marveled at the strength of the "Iron Sand Palm."

No one had expected a four-year-old to be able to use this move to beat up Tiger Liang badly enough to be wrapped up like a mummy after that.

Of course, the incident had naturally become increasingly exaggerated. After all, none of them had personally witnessed it. The very first person who spread the news had only relied on hearsay and Tiger Liang's wretched-looking appearance.

Second, the fight between Chen Chao and Tiger Liang had directly helped boost Strength Super Martial Dojo's name. This family body techniques dojo run by Father Chen had always had a good reputation, but with the rising trend in magic, the dojo's disciples slowly decreased in number. However, with this fight, the dojo was thrust into the limelight.

Plus, human beings were animals who always liked to follow the trend.

When parents felt that other people's kids were more outstanding, their first reaction wasn't that there was something wrong with their own kid's learning ability, but more that they weren't giving them the right supplementary lessons!

After the end of the incident starring Chen Chao and Tiger Liang, some parents immediately signed up at Father Chen's body techniques dojo, and the number of applicants continued to increase... There were a number who got refunds from Balance Center before coming over to sign up.

Father Chen could practically imagine Liang Heng's furious look.

All in all, there were both pros and cons for Father Chen as a result of this incident.

On the plus side, their family business had improved and he would no longer need to kneel on a washboard as punishment very night for their poor business...

But the downside was also very obvious.

His fellow brother Liang Heng had always like to compete with him since the beginning.

Back then, a female college teacher had kissed Father Chen in a game of Truth or Dare. His fellow brother had mistaken her for his girlfriend, and in the following month, had captured this teacher's heart and put on a show of French kissing her in front of Father Chen on Valentine's Day.

Now, Father Chen had unintentionally stolen Balance Center's business; god knew what mean trick this unlucky brother of his would use against him.

Father Chen didn't care if it had to do with himself.

He looked at Chen Chao in the courtyard, and somehow felt uneasy.

While he was thinking, two familiar figures showed up at the entrance to their courtyard.

Wang Xiaoling and her mother were at the entrance of the Chen family's dojo. Mother and daughter huddled together under the "Strength Super Dojo" sign, gratitude and some timidity in their eyes.

"I'm looking for the dojo leader..." Wang Xiaoling's mother said, her voice shaking slightly.





Chapter 951 Father Chen's Disciple


With one glance, Father Chen could tell that this was Wang Xiaoling's mother. The woman was very dirty. It seemed that she had mustered up all her courage to stand timidly at the entrance of the dojo with her daughter. She didn't even dare lift her head, but only surveyed everything inside the dojo out of the corner of her eye.

Her shoes were very old. It was clear that the woman had already cleaned them before coming to the dojo, but they still looked dusty.

"Come on in." Father Chen smiled. He had seen Wang Xiaoling's mother before, and thought that she was a woman who didn't have it easy, so the Chen family would gather together the dilapidated items and jars at home and put them in one place for Wang Xiaoling's mother to pick up.

Of course, they didn't charge anything.

Father Chen and Mother Chen were both warmhearted people. They could imagine how difficult it was for a mother with a mute girl.

Now, standing here and in tune with the girl's memory, Wang Ling was also feeling very moved.

Wang Xiaoling felt nothing but grateful deep in her heart. Although Wang Xiaoling was very young, Chen Chao rescued her. Wang Xiaoling didn't know how it felt to like someone, but she was standing at the entrance of the dojo, and just like her mother, had drummed up the courage to come here.

The moment she saw Chen Chao, Wang Ling could clearly feel his face unconsciously start to turn hot.

He felt that this first-person perspective was pretty amazing...

Looking at the way the story was unfolding, it was very obvious that this "Wang Xiaoling" was an important part of Chen Chao's childhood.

Each time he considered this, Wang Ling couldn't help but feel torn inwardly.

The memory fragment about "Wang Xiaoling" which he had grabbed earlier was gray in color... This hinted that the story about Wang Xiaoling didn't have a very good ending...

So Wang Ling was very curious to know what happened later.

...

Although Father Chen invited her in, Xiaoling's mom continued to stand at the dojo entrance and didn't dare enter.

The dojo was so clean and she was afraid she would get it dirty. After careful consideration, she decided not to go in. She stood at the entrance, and along with Wang Xiaoling, bowed to Father Chen. "Thank you, thank you, Teacher Chen.

"Teacher Chen, please take this..." The woman was clutching a bag and was clearly a little nervous. Inside the bag was spirit fruit she had just bought. The spirit fruit actually wasn't worth much for many people, but Father Chen knew what Xiaoling's family situation was like - this was the best thing Xiaoling's mom could come up with.

"Public opinion was fair in this incident; Xiaoling's mom, you don't have to be so polite. Thank you for the spirit fruit." Father Chen accepted the bag of spirit fruit. Actually, he wasn't a fan of how sweet and fragrant they were, but he wanted to put Xiaoling's mom at ease so that in their dojo at least, she didn't have to be so humble.

Taking the bag of fruit, Father Chen persisted in inviting Xiaoling's mom in, an amiable smile on his face the whole time. "Xiaoling's mom, do come in for a chat. I have something to discuss with you."

It was close to dusk, and pretty much all the children in the dojo had left. Chen Chao, Xiaoling and her mom were the only ones left in the dojo. Seeing that Xiaoling's mom was hesitating, Chen Chao directly stepped forward to drag Xiaoling away. The two kids ran to the back of the dojo, which had some of the toys that Chen Chao usually played with.

Xiaoling's mom was embarrassed by his enthusiasm, but when she saw her daughter actually smile the moment Chen Chao dragged her off, Xiaoling's mom froze for a moment.

She hesitated at the entrance before finally taking off her shoes outside and then stepping barefoot on the dojo's cold wooden floor.

When they sat down on yoga mats, Father Chen came straight to the point. "Xiaoling's mom, I want to ask for your help with something."

"Me? Help..." Xiaoling's mom thought she had heard wrong and couldn't quite believe it. She was someone who collected rubbish - what could she help him with?

"It's like this: my Chen Chao will be five soon, which is just the right time to learn sword fighting, and I'm going to have him practice it.

"He doesn't yet have a foundation in sword fighting, but in general, it's best to find someone on the same level to practice sword fighting with, which will be more effective.

"Xiaoling might not be able to speak, but I can see that she's a smart girl and she plays well with our Chen Chao. Also, she's of the right age..."

On the side, Wang Ling, who had possessed Wang Xiaoling's body, was playing with Chen Chao. These were memory fragments, so even if Wang Ling didn't want to move, his body would move on its own to replay what happened in the memory...

So while he was playing with Chen Chao, he was also eavesdropping on what Father Chen was saying.

For some reason, Father Chen's words sounded like he was setting up a marriage interview...

Unfortunately, Father Chen wasn't Father Wang or any sort of literary scholar. He had already done his best to phrase his "appeal" in a way that didn't sound like he was arranging a marriage interview.

But clearly, he had failed.

"My Xiaoling doesn't have the least bit foundation in anything at all, let alone sword fighting..." Xiaoling's mom was a little worried.

"Xiaoling's mom, you don't have to worry about that. I'm just looking for a partner for Chen Chao." Father Chen said, "Our body techniques dojo also offers sword fighting programs. I have a wise saying: when the sword is inseparable from the body, style and the body both blossom1."

1(Yet another meme related to Zhang Jinlai and "The Sixology Scripture.") Xiaoling's mom: "..."

Wang Ling was astonished. "..."

What damn "both blossom"...

"Of course, Xiaoling won't be a training partner for nothing. From now on, you and your daughter can live in the dorm behind the dojo, like some of the kids who board here. Every month, I will pay Xiaoling some money for being a training partner. Xiaoling can also take this opportunity to learn some self-defense techniques, so that she'll no longer be bullied by brats like Tiger Liang in the future."

Father Chen said in a sincere tone, "Xiaoling's mom, what do you think?"

Xiaoling's mom was deeply touched by what he said. She was well aware that by doing this, Chen Yi was trying to help her and her daughter.

At that moment, her heart shook with gratitude as well as fear; more than that, she was in awe of this overwhelming favor she had received. She gazed at Xiaoling, who was playing with Chen Chao nearby.

Xiaoling hadn't worn such a happy smile on her face in a long time.

They were originally a pitiful mother and daughter duo who had survived domestic abuse. After Xiaoling's father died, they were no longer subject to the abuse in their lives, but Xiaoling could no longer speak...

"Then let Xiaoling stay." Xiaoling's mom lowered her head; in the end, she was too embarrassed to inconvenience Father Chen by staying. "I can still live off of recycling... if I move here, no one would be able to find me..."

Father Chen nodded. "No problem, Xiaoling's mom. Don't worry, you can leave Xiaoling with me. As for the dorm in the back, I'll still leave you and Xiaoling a double room. Come by anytime you want to see Xiaoling and keep her company."

He knew that this was as far as they could go for now with this matter.





Chapter 952 The Sword Is Inseparable From the Body


When the sword is inseparable from the body, style and the body both blossom.

While this was something Father Chen had made up, it wasn't something he randomly said: after all, parodies shouldn't be nonsense, and adaptations shouldn't be groundless recreations 1.

1(Another quote by Zhang Jinlai in the so-called "The Sixology Scripture.") In senior high school, sword skills and body techniques were taught as part of the PE class under the direction of PE teachers, while the university curricula was more comprehensive.

In the Alliance of Ten Thousand Cultivation Schools' study plan, students had to master the basic use of a weapon before senior high, and that weapon was a sword.

All "swords" were the same in essence, and being able to master sword fighting would also help in the use of some other weapons.

The assessment of sword skills had always been very important prior to entering university. Conversely, there were various types of weapons one could learn in university. Sword fighting was no longer a compulsory course, except for students who chose the sword fighting department.

Sword fighting assessments began in the second year of primary school.

Although Chen Chao was only four years old, he still had to master the necessary basics, especially since he was a child of an ancient martial arts family. Wang Ling could imagine how strict Father Chen was with Chen Chao's training. After all, not everyone was like Wang Ling, who could do everything as soon as he was born.

Wang Ling hadn't learned swordsmanship in much detail and also didn't have a foundation in it, but he did know the deepest profound truth and prowess of Sword Dao... The advantage of comprehending the profound truth was that there was no need for Wang Ling to hold a sword at all, and he could practically fight automatically. Thus, Wang Ling wasn't keen on using a sword each time he fought, because it didn't give him any fighting experience at all. As soon as he used the sword, it was just like grinding in local mobile games, and was a pain in the ass.

In contrast, slapping was a lot more satisfying.

That evening, at Father Chen's kind invitation, Xiaoling's mom stayed at the dojo and had dinner there. That very night, she went back to the shabby room she rented to pack up Xiaoling's clothes and bring them over. These were all old clothes, some of which were secondhand. Xiaoling's mom said there were also diapers used by the Little Dragon Maiden; who knew if this was true or not.

The clothes in his hands, Father Chen was a little touched. Xiaoling's mom got along well with the people in the neighborhood. Except for some unreasonable ones like the Liang family, basically no one gave Xiaoling and Xiaoling's mom a hard time.

"I'll take good care of her, Xiaoling's mom. You can come by anytime if you miss Xiaoling." Father Chen smiled.

Xiaoling's mom felt teary and her heart was moved. There were a lot of things she wanted to say, but in the end, she couldn't open her mouth, and could only bow deeply to Father Chen. "I will have to trouble you to take care of her." What Xiaoling's mom worried about the most was that no one could look after Xiaoling at home when she went out to recycle rubbish for money. Because of their financial difficulties, Xiaoling couldn't go to school and hadn't even been to kindergarten.

Xiaoling was going to be old enough for primary school soon.

With one stroke, Father Chen's help had solved the mother and daughter's desperate situation.

Of course, Father Chen wasn't just a do-gooder. He did pity Xiaoling and her mother, but part of the reason in fact was that Xiaoling had a pretty good root bone! Father Chen had discovered this on the way back from the hospital.

While Father Chen's realm wasn't high - only at the Foundation Establishment stage - he had been the head of a body techniques dojo for many years, after all, and so was able to discern Xiaoling's talent.

It was just that Xiaoling hadn't received any structured training before, like her mother said, and would definitely be on the losing end if she fought Chen Chao for real.

But Father Chen already had a plan to tackle this problem.

...

The next day, Father Chen prepared two 20kg sports wristbands for Chen Chao which would increase the weight on him. They looked small, but were in fact very heavy. Chen Chao wasn't prepared when he received the wristbands, and he pitched forward, almost toppling over.

"Dad, what are these?" Chen Chao asked.

"Weight bands, made of very highly dense material. They look light, but are in fact very heavy. You'll wear these in your training with Xiaoling later, which will level the playing field," Father Chen said.

"Do I really have to fight her..." Chen Chao felt a little awkward.

"Do you think your father is the Holy Mother or a living Bodhisattva? Like I said yesterday, Xiaoling's root bone is quite good, and you have zero foundation in swordsmanship, so she's the perfect opponent for you."

With that, Father Chen handed Xiaoling and Chen Chao two plastic swords. Wang Ling knew that these were special training swords for Sword Dao beginners. During practice, when the sword touched the body, it would promptly turn as soft as jelly, so there was no need to worry about hurting the other party.

But this kind of special training sword wasn't cheap. Wang Ling had inspected the storeroom in Father Chen's dojo before, and everything inside had been nothing but wooden swords. These two training swords looked very new, and Father Chen must have bought them just recently.

Wang Ling thought Father Chen was a man who lived up to his name. He was loyal, kept his promises, and knew how to conduct himself2. Wang Xiaoling had had a miserable life, and it was her good fortune to be able to run into Father Chen.

1(His given name is '义' which means righteousness.) And Wang Ling felt that Chen Chao had definitely inherited his father's personality in some way. There was no need to take a paternity test to confirm that they were one hundred percent father and son...

But Wang Ling was especially curious: How did Chen Chao come by his "blessed mouth"?

...

In the dojo, Father Chen had Chen Chao and Wang Xiaoling stand facing each other. They gave a Dao salute before bowing to each other.

With a wooden sword in hand, Father Chen started giving instructions from the side. "Sword skills and body techniques are the same, yet not. They both rely on strength and nimbleness. However, body techniques emphasize strength, while swordsmanship stress nimbleness."

Chen Chao and Xiaoling exchanged dismayed and bemused looks.

Chen Chao wasn't wearing the wristbands yet. Standing where he was, Father Chen looked at Chen Chao. "Come, Chen Chao. Attack me with all your strength." He deliberately didn't call Chen Chao "son," both to demonstrate how serious he was and to take Xiaoling's feelings into consideration.

It had to be said that Father Chen was truly a warmhearted man.

"Hai yah!"

Chen Chao grit his teeth and raised his sword high before slashing down at Father Chen. The sudden yell startled Wang Ling, but it had to be said that this indeed was Chen Chao's hot-blooded style.

Without moving from his spot, Father Chen calmly blocked the blow with the wooden sword, and then, with a bang, Chen Chao's training sword was directly sent flying by Father Chen's "Swimming Dragon Raising Its Head" move.

"Look at the dial on your sword," Father Chen said.

Chen Chao checked.

The hilt of the training sword was fitted with a dial which could show how much force the sword had used just then.

Chen Chao's dial read: "10kg."

Of course, this wasn't all of Chen Chao's strength.

"Chen Chao, Xiaoling, look at mine." Father Chen handed them the wooden sword, which was also fitted with a dial.

The sword had actually only used 50g, which was about the weight of an egg, to send Chen Chao's sword flying...

Chen Chao was in some disbelief. "This..."

"To use a sword, brute force alone is not enough," Father Chen explained with a smile.

Chen Chao and Xiaoling nodded hard at that moment.

Of course, it hadn't been Wang Ling's idea to nod his head.

He had possessed Xiaoling's body, but if he didn't move, Xiaoling's body would move on its own according to Chen Chao's memory.

For Wang Ling, it was as if he was now going through a first-person game with a movie storyline.

During this boring summer break, it was something pretty interesting to experience.

"Come, Xiaoling, it's your turn. Come and experience the advantage of being nimble." At that moment, Father Chen suddenly turned his head to speak to Wang Xiaoling.





Chapter 953 Block The Light of a Prodigy


Wang Xiaoling stood in front of Father Chen, looking nervous. After all, this was her first time, and Chen Chao was already prepared for Wang Xiaoling's training sword to be sent flying by Father Chen. She was a girl; what strength did she have?

Holding the wooden sword horizontally in front of him, Father Chen carefully pulled back his strength. After all, he was at the Foundation Establishment stage. Xiaoling had a good root bone, but she had never had the opportunity to cultivate before. She had close to an ordinary person's physique now, and wasn't even at the Body Condensation stage.

If he didn't control his strength, his aura alone could rebound on Xiaoling, so he always reminded himself to be careful to hold back during training.

"Come, Xiaoling," Father Chen called out to Wang Xiaoling.

Copying Chen Chao's pose just now, Wang Xiaoling raised high the sword in her hand and slashed down at Father Chen's wooden sword, which was held out horizontally.

And then...

There was no "and then."

Under Father Chen's and Chen Chao's stupefied gazes, the training sword and the wooden sword collided with a "bang"!

Father Chen's wooden sword was actually cut into two by Wang Xiaoling's slash...

"..."

Father Chen stared at the sword hilt in his hand and drew in a breath of cold air.

Chen Chao: "Dad, this is..."

For a brief moment, Chen Chao and his father felt suffocated by this unexpected situation.

Wang Ling, inside Wang Xiaoling's body, also sank into silence.

He had overlooked one possibility...

He had possessed Wang Xiaoling's body with the King's Eye and magical ability. Even if Wang Xiaoling didn't have a realm, Wang Ling's surplus aura and strength would spill into the body. Even if only a little spilled out, it wasn't something that a Foundation Establishment cultivator could withstand.

Wang Xiaoling didn't have a realm, but that sword slash just now in fact had Wang Ling's aura mixed into it...

All this time, Father Chen had been saying that Wang Xiaoling's root bone was pretty good, which had actually puzzled Wang Ling.

Because Wang Xiaoling was actually just an ordinary girl, and didn't have any sort of root bone at all...

But now that this farce had happened, Wang Ling finally understood.

What "good root bone"...

Father Chen had clearly mistaken Wang Ling's overflowing aura for Wang Xiaoling's, and mistakenly thought that she was a very gifted girl!

So, no matter how reluctant Wang Ling was to admit it, from the moment Father Chen invited Wang Xiaoling into the Chen family, Wang Ling had already changed Chen Chao's memory...

Would this affect the future?

What would Chen Chao's future be like because of this change?

Wang Ling worried inwardly.

He had no other choice...

He could only continue to watch Chen Chao's memory unfold for now.

If things got too out of hand, he could only bribe Time Heavenly Dao with a crispy noodle snack to tamper with time and set it back to when he had just been about to do his homework the day before...

But that would add another day to his boring summer vacation.

This was the sort of mystical creature man was.

In school, he longed for the holidays, but when he was on holiday, he was bored, and wondered when school would start again...

"..."

Wang Ling thought it was still better for him to wait and see first.

...

Therefore, because of this little accident on the first day of sword training for Chen Chao and Wang Xiaoling, the training program ended way before what Father Chen had planned... because the wooden sword he used to coach with was cleanly split in half by Wang Xiaoling.

Wang Ling actually had considered whether he should move to possess someone else, but his aura spilling over was something that couldn't be avoided.

Even if he did possess another person, their aura would also leak.

Now, there were already changes in Chen Chao's memory of the event because of Wang Ling being in Wang Xiaoling's body. If he switched to another person at this point, the situation would only get even messier...

...

Tired out by the whole day, Xiaoling went to sleep that night. Inside Xiaoling's body, Wang Ling continue to observe Chen Chao's memory with his spiritual senses. He was a little impatient, and directly fast forwarded the plot at twice the speed...

The lights in the main hall of the dojo were still on. Father Chen and Chen Chao were still up.

Because of Wang Xiaoling's sudden "awakening," Father Chen was seriously formulating a follow-up training program not only for Xiaoling, but also for Chen Chao.

Father Chen had only thought before that Xiaoling had a good root bone; never had he expected to take in a once-in-a-century prodigy by some serendipitous stroke of fate. The most important thing to do with a prodigy was to do your best to guide them down the right path. Father Chen would do whatever he could to guide Xiaoling.

Father Chen: "Son, take off your training bands and give them to Xiaoling tomorrow."

Chen Chao was stupefied. "..."

It was too real...

"Before your training, I thought that Xiaoling wouldn't be your match. Looking at today, however, there is a gap between you and Xiaoling. But you mustn't be discouraged at all, understand? You have to work harder!" Father Chen solemnly patted Chen Chao on the shoulder.

"I understand, dad."

Chen Chao nodded seriously. Thinking of Wang Xiaoling, he couldn't help laughing. "I never thought Xiaoling would be so awesome. Who knows what Tiger Liang will think when he finds out."

"Xiaoling has a spiritless character, and because of her family, is also a little meek. Whenever she was bullied by Tiger Liang before, she didn't dare fight back. It's hard to imagine; if Xiaoling fought back, it might not be as simple as just landing Tiger Liang in the hospital..." Father Chen said to Chen Chao in a low voice. He knew what was at stake.

Father Chen gave it some thought.

With Xiaoling's strength, if she had retaliated against Tiger Liang back then, the grass on that boy Tiger Liang's tomb would probably be tens of meters tall now...

Previously, Father Chen had planned to ask some disciples who wanted to learn sword fighting to observe and learn from Chen Chao and Xiaoling's training, but given the situation now, Father Chen thought this would be risky.

From now on, Chen Chao and Xiaoling's training could only be carried out in secret once the dojo was empty.

If a prodigy showed off all their abilities, they would become a tall tree that attracted the wind; Father Chen understood this.

Keeping a low profile was the best protection for Xiaoling right now.

"Chen Chao."

Father Chen suddenly looked at Chen Chao and called his name.

Chen Chao knew that when Father Chen called him by his full name, what he was going to say was very serious.

"Xiaoling's matter has to be kept secret. No one outside can know of your training with her, am I clear?" Father Chen enjoined him very seriously, and Chen Chao nodded repeatedly in agreement.

...

Early the next morning, there were a lot of people in the dojo; Father Chen could hear the noise from a distance.

Chen Chao was chatting with some of the disciples in the dojo.

All these people could be considered old clients in the dojo and were close to Chen Chao. Some of the bigger kids who were over ten or so often brought snacks and toys to give to Chen Chao. Basically, they were good friends with Chen Chao.

Father Chen had barely stepped foot inside the dojo when he heard Chen Chao introduce Xiaoling to everyone in a very exaggerated tone, like Bai Zhantang in My Own Swordsman .

Chen Chao: "How mighty was Wang Xiaoling! She wore a three-pronged headdress of purple gold and a red robe of Xichuan silk embroidered with a hundred flowers, and wielded a halberd exercise sword as she sat on top of her snorting horse Red Hare 1 ... My father, who had rushed to the front, turned to leave. Wang Xiaoling lifted the sword to chop down at my father, just like that, and with the strength of both arms, she cut him in two!"

1(Adapted from descriptions of Lü Bu in chapter 5 of "Romance of the Three Kingdoms .. ") Father Chen: "..."





Chapter 954 Bamboozling Dad


Previously, Father Chen had taken Chen Chao to have his head shaved to cut off his fantasy of pursuing the art of language through "perming"... but it was no use. Four-year-old Chen Chao was fluent in Beijing-accented guankou 1 ; who knew what crosstalk masterpiece he had secretly learned from.

1(Can be literally translated as "talk strings," and is part of a crosstalk act in which a performer recites something at incredible rapid-fire speed.) Young children were quick learners, especially when it came to things that they were particularly interested in.

This time, Father Chen felt like he had been thoroughly bamboozled by Chen Chao. There was a saying: "bamboozling dad is what a youngster does 2 "... Actually, Father Chen also felt he was at fault since he didn't explain the definition of "outsider" to Chen Chao last night.

2(Refers to the 人不XX枉少年 catchphrase which can translate to "you're not young if you don't XX.") Apart from heaven and earth, and you and I, everyone else were outsiders.

The dojo disciples were very close to Chen Chao, and he obviously didn't treat this group of brothers as outsiders...

It was just that Father Chen had barely stepped into the dojo before he heard Chen Chao shouting that he had been split in two, which was a slightly odd feeling.

The secret that Xiaoling was a genius couldn't be hidden anymore, at least not in the dojo.

Father Chen dropped his forehead into his hand.

Hence, at the end of the morning lesson, Father Chen called over the disciples who knew about it one by one for a heart-to-heart, and had to stress that they keep the matter secret. But whether or not it would remain a secret, he had no idea... These disciples might be old clients of the dojo, but they also took classes at Balance Magic Center; their studies didn't intersect at all.

Father Chen couldn't guarantee that these disciples would keep their mouths shut. Who knew, they might turn "traitor" one day and spill the beans.

If Liang Heng found out about this, it would be a huge problem...

Father Chen was a little absent-minded as he pondered this while he taught his classes that day. Some of the disciples who didn't know what was going on thought that the author of the novel Father Chen was following was on hiatus again, so he was in a bad mood.

"Did that writer of Let Go of that Wet Nurse stop updating again?" asked a disciple.

"No idea..."

A few of the disciples whispered among themselves as they left the dojo.

The only three in the know who had come early that morning felt so stifled it was uncomfortable.

Father Chen had specially looked for them at noon to enjoin them not to expose Wang Xiaoling's situation, but there were times when hiding a secret was so unbearable that you wanted to cut someone...

It was thus in this sort of situation that the wise saying which everyone had probably heard before was born: I'll tell you a secret! But you can't tell anyone else!

And so, Wang Xiaoling's secret was leaked, just like that...

Although Wang Ling was inside Wang Xiaoling's body, he saw and heard everything clearly with his King's Eye godly perspective...

...

That night, a depressed Father Chen went to read a novel to destress. Each person faced pressure, and also had their own way to destress. Father Chen's way was very simple, and that was to read a book.

Here, Wang Ling learned another secret of Father Chen's - it turned out that Father Chen was also a fan of Father Wang! That evening, the book Father Chen was reading was that Let Go of That Wet Nurse which Father Wang started writing twelve years earlier and had just finished at ten million words.

But back then, Father Wang's book hadn't been serialized for long and he had yet to sign a guru contract. His overall number of fans certainly couldn't compare with what it would be like twelve years in the future. No one could have imagined how this book would seal his status as a guru and make him rich twelve years later, with even the head of state becoming his fan.

Wang Ling never thought that he would be the source of "concern" for two fathers at the same time...

Father Chen was reading a book now because he was fretting over Wang Xiaoling's secret being leaked.

While the reason Father Wang wrote novels was in fact because he had been fretting over Wang Ling...

Mother Wang officially stopped writing when Wang Ling was three or four years old.

Before Wang Ling came up with the Dao talisman seal to restrict his own strength, he would occasionally break the furniture which the family owned. Mother Wang's author fees and Father Wang's work income weren't enough to support the family at all.

Father Wang thus furtively came up with the idea of writing novels to supplement the family income.

Who would have known that after banging out 26,000 words for the debut of Let Go of That Wet Nurse , it would directly became a top-ten bestseller...

It was after that that Father Wang came clean.

He told Mother Wang the truth, then quit his job to write novels fulltime to support the family. Not long after that, Mother Wang stopped writing and devoted herself to taking care of, guiding and educating Wang Ling.

Husband and wife had gone to great pains for Wang Ling.

...

That evening, Wang Xiaoling was playing with plasticine which Chen Chao had given to her when she had just arrived yesterday. Chen Chao was playing a video game on the side. Halfway through his game, Chen Chao's wristwatch alarm suddenly rang. He tossed the game console aside casually and then took out an e-book reader from a drawer.

Wang Xiaoling was clearly confused.

Chen Chao smiled at Wang Xiaoling. "It's time to study the art of language!"

Wang Ling was stunned. It turned out Chen Chao was actually learning it from novels...

He saw Chen Chao open the e-book page. Sure enough, Chen Chao ultimately opened that Let Go of That Wet Nurse on the e-shelf... Actually, Chen Chao didn't know what he should read, so he added all the books on his father's e-shelf to his own.

There was a novel called Baijie 3 which he couldn't find, but that was fine...

3(Possibly a reference to an erotic audio book called "Young Married Woman Baijie .. ") Chen Chao now had more than ten books for his summer break, and the first one was Let Go of That Wet Nurse . After reading these ten or so books, it was enough for him to tentatively touch "the gateway to the art of language"!

He was only four years old, and there were many words he didn't recognize, but the e-book reader had an audio reading function!

And so, the online novel written by Father Wang was read out in a very jerky, electronic voice.

Wang Ling's comment was: dry and very chuuni...

After all, this was an online novel. There were some expressions for which, if you read it quietly on your own, you could imagine the protagonist's emotions and the scene in which he would utter the words. However, when they were read out loud, it might give you goosebumps.

Halfway through the chapter, the electronic voice stuttered. Chen Chao thought it was something wrong with the app, but then he saw a string of streamers floating across the top of the page as a sticky...

"Wow, so much money! Someone rich has come!" exclaimed four-year-old Chen Chao. Although he hadn't been reading online novels for very long, he had clearly done some homework and knew what the gifts meant.

However, Chen Chao soon realized that this massive sum wasn't for Father Wang.

Twelve years ago, in Father Wang's debut as a newbie, his sales, subscriptions and monthly votes all skyrocketed. As the year drew to a close, he was naturally a contender for Newcomer of the Year.

A sole gift of more than ten thousand yuan would be displayed directly at the top of the app as a sticky.

In terms of book currency, that was one million.

But that string of one million in book currency which had just appeared was a gift to another guru.

This was an as well as a show of strength against Father Wang by the gurus who were competing for the title as the new Best Author.





Chapter 955 The Gateway to the Art of Language


There had been a lot of big shots back then, and the most famous author was "Zhu Ge," but everyone also knew Father Wang's pen name, "Wang Situ."

Back when he came up with this name, Father Wang actually hadn't thought much about it, and had no idea at all that there was a guru author online called Zhu Ge. Hence, as soon as he started using this pen name and published his novel, Zhu Ge's fans bombarded him.

They felt that Father Wang was taking advantage of Zhu Ge's popularity as well as declaring war on this guru.

At the time, because of the clash in pen names 1 , Father Wang's first book drew a huge wave of attention. These trolls started reading his book, but in the end, they suddenly became his fans.

1(Refers to Zhuge Liang and Wang Lang in the "Romance of the Three Kingdoms" who were on different sides in a war. Wang Lang tried to convince Zhuge Liang to surrender in a debate of words, but was defeated.) Not only wasn't Father Wang suppressed, this conversely helped promote his new novel.

And so, bad blood was born between them.

In short, Zhu Ge back then was a famous guru online backed by innumerable fans, including countless wealthy users who spent lavishly on all sorts of gifts all day long. For a time, there was even a rumor that Zhu Ge was a veteran author from the same generation as the Five Rebels of the Central Plains 2 , and that this "Zhu Ge" was just a newly-created alternate ID.

2(The five online novelists with the highest incomes..) Reasonably speaking, big shots naturally wouldn't take notice of newbies like Father Wang. Their number of fans weren't on the same level, and Zhu Ge didn't care at all at first.

But all of a sudden, Father Wang's novel started to perform well.

Instantly, all the veteran guru authors fell silent in the face of the battle for a new "Best Author" at the end of the year.

What they feared the most every year was none other than a newbie taking the top spot, and a formidable one at that. For a time, many people wondered who was backing Father Wang, or if he had some connection to the owner of the novel website, or if he himself was rich and had paid for his novel's stats.

But Father Wang's book Wet Nurse really was popular, and the number of comments it received at one point even overtook those of veteran gurus.

Sometimes, the number of comments was a critical factor in verifying whether a serialized novel was popular or not; in this respect, Father Wang was near invincible.

Apart from this, the number of gifts which Father Wang's novel received was at an unprecedented high, and Guru Zhu Ge instantly panicked.

In a crisis, how did veteran gurus round up all their fans to obediently cast monthly votes in support?

In many cases, a lot of authors chose to sell sob stories...

For example, there was someone who claimed that their girlfriend ran off with someone else (actually not), and he was so heartbroken that he would kill himself if he didn't get monthly votes.

Or as another example, someone called Kuxuan acted cheeky online every day, saying that he broke his legs... what was tragic was that no one bought what he was selling...

Authors selling sob stories was thus a standard method and the typical marketing strategy...

But in many cases, this still depended on the people involved; only gurus could use this method, while no one would care about ordinary authors at all.

Both Chen Chao and Wang Ling were four that year, and Wang Ling had only heard about what Father Wang had gone through back then and hadn't experienced it for himself. However, looking at the current timeline in this memory, it seemed to be during the period of competition between Father Wang as "Wang Situ" and Zhu Ge.

That night, Wang Ling knew he would be watching something good.

...

The next day, Father Chen arrived very early, but he wasn't in good spirits. He canceled classes for the whole day and arranged for them to be continued at a later date.

Wang Ling was inside Wang Xiaoling's body; Wang Xiaoling and Chen Chao were clearly a little bewildered, and didn't know what Father Chen was doing.

Later, a group of people arrived at the dojo. They also didn't look like they were in good shape; each one of them had dark circles under their eyes, and they looked like they had returned from a smoke-laden battlefield. Chen Chao knew there most likely wouldn't be any classes today; it looked like Father Chen had arranged for other people to come and prep for something big in the dojo.

A total of five people showed up, each of whom had a bag over their shoulder. When they arrived at the dojo, they took off their shoes at the entrance and carried their bags inside.

Inside the dojo, Father Chen had already prepared a few tables.

The five of them each placed the bags on the tables, took out several sturdy laptops, and plugged in the network cables. They sat down in front of the tables and logged online, ready to start work.

"Everything ready?" Father Chen gazed at them.

"Reporting to Chief Chen! Everything is ready!" the five said in unison.

Chen Chao, who until that point still didn't know what was going on, then saw these people click open the homepage for Let Go of That Wet Nurse , and instantly understood.

Chen Chao: "Dad, you're doing this for..."

Father Chen: "That's right! It's all for justice!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Chen Chao: "..."

Father Chen knew he couldn't hide it, and thus spoke honestly. "Son, you probably know that your dad has been reading this book called Let Go of That Wet Nurse all this time. Last night, in the competition for rankings, another guru called Zhu Ge played the sob story card. His monthly votes have now completely surpassed those for Wang Situ's novel. As the chief of Wang Situ's fans, your dad is going to do battle for him today!"

Chen Chao: "Fan chief?"

Even Wang Ling was taken aback when he heard this; he had just thought that Father Chan was a regular reader, and never ever expected him to actually be the chief of Wang Situ's fans...

Wang Ling was now imagining a scenario.

Right now at Number 60 High, it was Lord Thunder who attended the parent-teacher conference on Father and Mother Wang's behalf...

If Father Wang really attended the meeting in person and happened to run into Father Chen, their interactions would be just like a fanmeet!

"Fan chief means the leader of the fan group. In order to win more monthly votes for Guru Wang Situ, I, your dad, am prepared to use all the money I've stashed away," said Father Chen. "I and these five uncles, who are leaders of sub-groups, have been busy since last night preparing for today, when we will help Guru Wang Situ climb up the rankings."

"..."

"So far, including my stash and the funds raised by the big fans, we have a total of two hundred thousand."

"Two hundred thousand..." Chen Chao was amazed.

That was a pretty huge sum of money.

Although Chen Chao was only four years old, he already had a concept of numbers since he would count his New Year gift money every year. He would get ten thousand each year... so two hundred thousand was equal to a total of twenty years' worth. When he thought this, Chen Chao felt that this was an incredibly huge amount.

Monthly votes were cast via online red packets which cost five yuan each.

Taking the unscrupulous route like buying the votes in bulk from someone who dealt in marketing data would be cheaper, but this would be rigging the votes.

Father Chen and these fan group leaders had been busy since last night until now because they had been discussing how to climb up the rankings today.

Two hundred thousand.

In the end, they decided to do everything through red packets.

But in fact, this was just the beginning of the war for a new Best Author and monthly votes.

It was also this very war that completely opened the gateway to the art of language for Chen Chao...





Chapter 956 The Fighting Spirit Aroused by the First Roll of Drums, Depleted by the Second, Exhausted by the Third


This was a tough battle, and the fan leaders on both sides were ready and waiting. Actually, Father Chen had already contributed a lot to the monthly votes last night and had even campaigned for votes for Wet Nurse in every major book forum. Very quickly, however, he realized that this was easier said than done.

In less than half an hour, all his posts were banned, and keywords to do with voting were cleanly erased. Father Chen was well aware that this for the most part was due to Zhu Ge's people playing tricks. As a veteran guru, Zhu Ge had strong connections with the bosses of many literary forums, given the publicity he gave their works.

Zhu Ge had been at the height of his momentum back then. One phone call and the promise of some benefits helped to suppress Wet Nurse , and in turn helped him save on some of the costs in the monthly votes battle.

"Chen Chao!" Father Chen looked at him and said very solemnly, "Don't tell your mom about this!"

Chen Chao: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

As expected, every man's pain was the same.

Spending money actually wasn't the most important thing; the most important was that this was his secret stash. All two hundred thousand of it thrown in to support his idol... How much electricity could this love generate? It was no less than Pikachu's Thunderbolt.

If the matter of him stashing money away was found out, this would be the true lightning strike from heaven.

Once his woman got angry, that oppressive strength was no less than that of the Heavenly Dao Calamity.

Wang Ling had possessed Wang Xiaoling's body; although he had altered events in Chen Chao's memory, Wang Xiaoling still had her own consciousness. She was a more quiet and well-behaved girl, and a little more withdrawn because of her family background, which couldn't be changed in a short period of time.

However, Wang Ling could clearly feel the changes in her mindset. Since coming to the dojo, she and Chen Chao had become closer.

If this followed a novel setup, Wang Ling felt that Wang Xiaoling was most likely the main female character in Chen Chao's life...

With no training today, Father Chen order two curry omelet rice takeouts for Wang Xiaoling and Chen Chao, and the two of them ate quietly on the side.

While on Father Chen's side, the battle had officially kicked off.

"Count the number of people who are currently online."

Father Chen took some deep breaths to adjust his frame of mind, and started to lead the fan leaders of Wet Nurse into battle. "The fighting spirit is aroused by the first roll of drums, depleted by the second, and exhausted by the third"- their momentum at the very beginning was hence the most important.

Father Chen knew it would be a tough battle to topple Guru Zhu Ge - when all was said and done, Father Wang's fans were limited in number, nor did he have a professional marketing team to help promote his book; he lagged far behind Zhu Ge in all aspects.

But a person should always have a dream!

What if it came true?

"I counted them last night. We currently have five groups with a total of eight thousand people. There will be a little more at night; this early in the morning, there are just over four thousand people online. Numbers peaked at over seven thousand last night." A man wearing a sports bandana around his bald head reported the situation.

Later, Wang Ling would learn that this person was also a veteran reader who had been a website member for over twenty years. Called Lin Gang, he was also part of the first batch of fans who were the earliest to support Father Wang's "Wang Situ" pen name.

Among the leaders of the sub-groups, Lin Gang's group had the most people, and was almost full to bursting. With a cap of two thousand people per group, the number of members in his group always hovered at over 1990 people or so, and practically all of them were active users.

"Mm, let's get started. How many accounts do you have?"

"We counted in the group yesterday, and so far we landed over four hundred accounts."

"Only four hundred..." Father Chen frowned — compared with the total number of group members, this was too little.

But Father Chen could understand. In the end, a reader's account was a more personal thing, and it was very devoted of these people to offer up their accounts.

"I've already set up the software for the account logins; you can import them in bulk, and the IP addresses will also be changed automatically. But there's a limit to how many monthly votes each account can cast for a particular book each month. Subscribers can only give five votes at most, and we can only send red packets after that..." Lin Gang said.

"Not good... Wang Situ is going to drop out of the top ten!" At these words, the other group leaders clicked open the ranking list for a look, and cried out in alarm.

He had still been in the top five last night!

Father Chen also clicked open the ranking list for a look.

Indeed, the situation currently didn't look good. The gap in votes had widened since last night. Zhu Ge's Shameless was now sitting at number one with thirty-six thousand votes.

On the other hand, Let Go of That Wet Nurse by Father Wang, under the pen name Wang Situ, was currently ranked tenth, with nineteen thousand votes.

The ninth novel had over twenty thousand votes.

And the eleventh novel was very close behind Father Wang.

Father Chen knew that this would be tough to deal with, but there was no going back at this point.

"There's no other way, we can only give it a go first. Even if we can't get first place, we have to at least secure a position in the top three." Blue veins popped out on Father Wang's forehead; he was actually rather angry. As a veteran reader on the website, it was very clear to him whether or not something fishy was involved for there to be such an obvious gap in votes on the ranking list.

Although they didn't have many accounts on hand, these were all legal accounts borrowed from fans. In the end, however, only a small number was willing to lend them their accounts.

As Lin Gang said, there was a limit to how many votes each account could give.

In terms of sales alone, Wet Nurse was number one online, while Zhu Ge's Shameless was about to drop out of the top ten in the sales chart. However, he had a lot more monthly votes than Father Wang.

Experienced readers were well aware of the reason behind this.

The other party had definitely turned to some online marketing setup...

It had an enormous amount of accounts which were far more powerful than those which Father Chen and his group had borrowed from their fans. Furthermore, this agent hacked some accounts to give monthly votes or subscribe, and then log off. There were times when many readers would access their accounts only to find that their book coins, monthly votes or recommendation votes had mysteriously decreased - this was the very reason.

...

Thus, after collecting fan accounts and funds, the first thing Father Chen did was to give a ten thousand yuan red packet.

This was to draw all the attention on the website.

A sticky announcement about the gift went up on the website. There was also a treasure box reward whereby readers could scramble for a huge sum of book coins given away in red packets of varying amounts.

This was when there was the most number of people.

Father Chen uploaded a pre-written post campaigning for votes on Father Wang's behalf in the comments section. Although Zhu Ge had used marketing tricks to spread a lot of negative information on Father Wang's Wet Nurse in the last few days, Father Chen said nothing about these lies and slander.

His announcement was very sincere; it didn't try to sell a sob story nor try to be witty; this was the very first step in the campaign for monthly votes.

Father Chen and his group had talked it over with Father Wang online earlier on.

One chapter update for every one thousand monthly votes.

This was Father Chen's condition.

Out of two hundred thousand yuan, Father Chen spent ten thousand yuan first to draw the attention of everyone on the website.

And now...

The real battle for monthly votes finally began in earnest.





Chapter 957 Dark Governor Lady Thirteen


The great war kicked off, and the six of them worked as one to campaign for votes and give out red packets for the monthly votes. In a short period of time, the number of people in Father Wang's book comments section gradually increased. Whether these readers had dashed over for the red packets from the treasure box, had seen the ad, or were here on the recommendation of fans, this was undoubtedly a good opportunity to grab attention with a mass update.

Father Wang wasn't in the habit of stockpiling his drafts, and had prepared for the battle of rankings throughout the night yesterday. Now, he released 63,000-words' worth of chapters in one go.

But he knew that it wasn't over and he couldn't relax yet. In a ranking competition, this update of mere tens of thousands of words was far from enough.

Apart from that, he still had to ensure the quality of each updated chapter - this was the true key to success.

Around noon, Father Wang moved up again in the rankings with the increase in his monthly votes. He now had twenty-four thousand votes, putting him in fifth place.

Although it looked like Father Wang was catching up, Zhu Ge also didn't stop updating during this period, though he wasn't as fast as Father Wang. While he also released an update of six chapters, each chapter was actually only two thousand words long... However, this still excited passionate fan readers.

"Countryman Zhu Ge Villager is really cunning... releasing six two thousand-word chapters..." The corner of Father Chen's mouth twitched; he knew that Zhu Ge was flaunting his strength to them.

Furthermore, after what happened when Father Chen and his group tried campaigning for votes in the forum last night, it was very likely that Zhu Ge had already been on guard and had also prepared for battle.

Looking at Father Chen's brow beaded with sweat as he was kept busy, Chen Chao and Wang Ling were also a little tense. Chen Chao was also reading Wet Nurse ; as he watched Chen Yi push for votes, Chen Chao also took out his e-book reader to observe the changes in the ranking list. Burning with anger, he cheered passionately on the side: "Come on, Wang Situ! Go go, Wang Situ!"

It wasn't until now that Chen Chao understood how powerful the allure of language could be. A mere novel could actually trigger a campaign involving thousands of people. An ordinary person might find it hard to imagine the scene, but Chen Chao in the end was just a four-year-old kid.

His imagination was very strong, and he instantly imagined tens of thousands of people on a battlefield, throwing dictionaries like bricks at the enemy's faces. It was pandemonium.

As for the rules for the ranking list, Wang Ling actually knew more than Chen Chao. He also read books, but not Father Wang's; it wasn't that this son didn't support his father.

There were two reasons.

Firstly, the protagonists in Father Wang's novels didn't eat crispy noodle snacks.

Secondly, when he read his father's books, it was easy to picture Father Wang as the protagonist, which ruined his reading experience!

Generally, if a person and an author knew each other well, it wasn't likely that the former would read the latter's books.

Whether other people felt the same way or not, this was the case for Wang Ling at least. It was weird to read a novel written by someone you knew, especially if it was someone very close to you.

In fact, Wang Ling knew what the outcome for this ranking competition would be.

But there were some things here that Wang Ling wasn't sure of.

Because ultimately, he had changed the events of Chen Chao's memory; he had no idea how this small change might affect who the new Best Author was.

In Wang Ling's memory, Father Wang had seized the crown as Best Author; furthermore, it had been a crushing defeat.

After that, Father Wang reigned as champion in the monthly votes for six years running, setting a historical precedent.

In the seventh year, Father Wang no longer wanted to compete for votes. At the authors' annual meeting, some of them had given him individual red packets and beseeched him to update a little slower... That way, they still had a chance in the ranking competition.

And so, Father Wang threw his game a bit...

Of course, he returned all those red packets.

He had to consider the reputation of his peers and give them a fighting chance - after all, it wasn't very nice to dominate so harshly in a game.

At that moment, the other sub-group leaders, along with Lin Gang as their head, were all sweating profusely as they polished up the wording in the promo ad before posting in various forums to campaign for votes.

"Let's try harder." Father Chen boosted morale.

"How much money do we have left?" asked Lin Gang.

"Not much... Excluding the gifts just now and the votes campaign, we have a hundred thousand left," said Father Chen.

"So fast..." (ΩДΩ) Lin Gang and the others were shaken.

As expected, the monthly votes ranking wasn't something that small fry authors could play around with... Father Chen and his group didn't have the power to compete for rankings at all. This sort of activity which burned thousands of yuan no matter what was so excessive.

They felt a little down; they knew that Zhu Ge's side was still just observing the situation and had yet to go all out. Today was the last day of December - there was still half a day left before the bell rang at midnight for the new year.

Spending half of their funds had only gotten them up to fifth place in the list, and there was still so much time left.

What should they do?

Furthermore, this wasn't the worst news.

Father Chen was pondering how to use the remaining one hundred thousand to the greatest extent when a colorful sticky suddenly appeared above the e-bookshelf! - This was a full ten million in book currency! Which was a hundred thousand yuan!

"WTF, which fat cat is this? Which book is this gift for?" This sticky stupefied everyone present.

They opened the treasure box and were aghast to see the book title.

"It's Zhu Ge's Shameless ..." Lin Gang instantly lost heart.

"Who is this fat cat?"

They looked at the ID.

In the end, everyone's complexions paled.

"Fuck, Dark Governor Lady Thirteen."

"Lady Thirteen? She was reading Zhu Ge's Shameless ?"

In the dojo, everyone drew in sharp breaths.

They never thought Zhu Ge would actually pull in this hallowed bigwig Dark Governor Lady Thirteen for help.

She was the biggest fat cat on the Cultivation Reading Network, and also a big shot in the eyes of the readers. Basically, every book recommended by Dark Governor Lady Thirteen would draw countless readers; the power of one public recommendation by Lady Thirteen was no less than a recommendation on Qidian.

Because she lived in Dark City, her original ID had been Dark City Lady Thirteen. Later, when she became popular with so many people, she became known as Lady Governor to her fans.

So the "City" in Dark City Lady Thirteen became "Governor" 1 .

1("City" and "governor" are pronounced the same way in Chinese..) That was right; as her ID suggested, Dark Governor Lady Thirteen was female. The rumor was that her family ran a financial group and possessed unimaginable wealth, and had deep ties to Huaguo Water Curtain Group.

For Lady Thirteen, a hundred thousand was nothing more than a small red packet that she didn't have to think twice about - it wasn't worth mentioning at all.

"It's over..." Lin Gang said dejectedly.

Father Chen's body turned limp at that moment, and feeling a little twitchy, he felt around in his pocket before taking out a cigarette box.

Dark Governor Lady Thirteen had taken sides, and she stood with Zhu Ge... It could be said that they basically didn't have any hope of winning this battle...





Chapter 958 Mysterious Lady Thirteen


The appearance of Dark Governor Lady Thirteen caught the widespread attention of website members, rendering them speechless.

Zhu Ge's Shameless and Father Wang's Wet Nurse were released in almost the same period, and both their sales were in the top ten, with Father Wang's novel being the top bestseller. Nevertheless, Dark Governor Lady Thirteen had never chosen a side nor commented on either novel or given them any gifts.

At the very beginning, many people had assumed that Lady Thirteen was preparing to do something big, and they waited for a whole month. They never thought that on this last day of the month, Lady Thirteen would unexpectedly flex her muscle and directly stand on Guru Zhu Ge's side.

With this single magnificent gift of one hundred thousand, the readers who had dropped into the comments section and whom Father Wang and his group had painstakingly worked on all morning were instantly drawn away.

Zhu Ge this sly fox! This was too cunning!

Father Chen and the rest never expected the other party to actually rely on such a fat cat.

...

On the other side, the "Closed" sign was hung up prominently at the entrance to Balance Magic Center.

Balance Magic Center was also closed today. Inside, a long table had been set up with a spread of fruits, food and drink. Liang Heng sat on one end, while both sides of the tables were occupied by some teenagers; each one was a representative of the major fan groups in Zhu Ge's camp.

That was right, Liang Heng was Zhu Ge's fan.

The truth, however, was that Liang Heng didn't read online novels - but Father Chen did! Liang Heng knew that Father Chen always voted for Wang Situ's novel, and given this competitive relationship between Wang Situ and Zhu Ge, Liang Heng would naturally stand on Zhu Ge's side and compete with Father Chen.

From the moment he met Chen Yi, Liang Heng had never lost in taking whatever he wanted, including that female teacher during their college years who had taken a fancy to Chen Yi! So what if it was a student and a teacher together? Liang Heng hooked up with her in the end and had Tiger Liang.

After Lady Thirteen's magnificent gift of one hundred thousand, Zhu Ge's votes led by a wide margin.

"Hahaha! At this rate, Wang Situ won't be able to catch up no matter how hard he tries."

"After all, our Zhu Ge is a veteran. Wang Situ is a newbie and doesn't have many fans; how can he possibly compete with our lord? This year's Best Author has to belong to our Lord Zhu Ge." The group leaders cheered inside Balance Magic Center — they were already happily celebrating what they saw as their victory.

They clinked their beer cans together in a toast, feeling so good.

At the same time, however, it was a bit of a pity that Dark Governor Lady Thirteen hadn't shown up in person.

Liang Heng had invited her over previously, and the seat at the other end of the long table had been specially reserved for her.

But she said that her company had a New Year Eve's dinner that night, and so she was unable to come.

Liang Heng hadn't read Zhu Ge's Shameless , but he spent no less money than Father Chen on the novel website; the gifts he had given in total had already exceeded a hundred thousand yuan, which was also from his secret stash of cash which he had accumulated over the years. However much Father Chen gave, Liang Heng made sure to double it!

It was at their last university alumni meetup that he had seen Father Chen reading a book, and he had covertly memorized Father Chen's reader ID. It was also from that moment on that he had started putting together a comprehensive plan.

"After all, Lady Thirteen is a lady and comes from money. She might have turned us down, but we knew she wouldn't make an appearance so easily." Liang Heng smiled faintly. "Also, no one has actually seen her. This is one thing about women - they need to keep a sense of mystery about them."

"I heard that Chief Liang spoke with Lady Thirteen before?" asked a group leader.

"That's right." Liang Heng nodded. "To help Guru Zhu Ge compete for Best Author, I spoke to Lady Thirteen previously; this is a little sister with a very sexy and lovely voice."

"As expected of Chief Liang. You know so many women."

"Chief Liang might be the first person of all the readers to speak to her!"

"Hahaha! You flatter me. But please, don't let my wife know about this." Liang Heng smiled very amiably.

"Of course! We understand! Don't worry, Chief Liang!"

"One reason why I'm helping Guru Zhu Ge fight for Best Author this time is to help promote my Balance Magic Dojo; the other reason is to help take revenge for my son. You should have already heard me mention this before in the group: that barbaric father and son of Strength Super Dojo beat up my son." Liang Heng said the words easily, but actually, one only needed to ask around for a bit to find out the truth.

However, these group leaders knew that Liang Heng himself was a fat cat, and they couldn't offend him.

A number of them would be releasing books in the future. Given Liang Heng's close relationship with Lady Thirteen, if they could build a good relationship with him and when the time came, ask for Lady Thirteen's help to recommend their works on the website, their revenues would basically be guaranteed.

Each industry had its own circle, which in turn had its own rules.

These group leaders were well aware of these rules, and since they were now part of society, they would naturally do things by the rules.

Don't ask what didn't need to be asked.

Don't listen to what shouldn't be heard.

However... there were times when the truth wasn't what it seemed.

...

On the side, Father knew that they were coming to the end and losing morale. They had been busy from morning to noon, but the outcome was nothing like they had expected; the moment Lady Thirteen appeared, everyone had been drawn away.

To be able to rely on a historical novel to attract so many readers, Zhu Ge was really something.

"What should we do? Brother Chen, is there no other way?" Wet Nurse fan group leader Lin Gang asked.

"A lot of our forum posts have already been banned. Zhu Ge has a good relationship with the administrators, and as Wet Nurse fans, we no longer have a foothold in those literary forums." Father Chen frowned.

"What about other forums?"

"The users in other forums aren't novel readers; I'm afraid we won't be able to attract any novel fans there!" Father Chen raised his misgivings.

"But..." At that moment, Chen Chao suddenly said, "But, if we catch the attention of some sect leader..."

As soon as Chen Chao said that, everyone turned to him.

A sect leader...

Were there any sect leaders who read novels?

They didn't know.

Nor had they tried finding out.

But when it came to a forum where many sect leaders congregated, and where numerous passersby gathered for cultivation gossip, Father Chen and the group leaders instantly thought of one place — the cultivation forum!

Its leader was the famous and legendary Great Death-Courting Senior: Lord Thunder!





Chapter 959 Help From the Cultivation Forum


Wang Ling had still been very young when he first met Lord Thunder, but to his surprise, the seeds of their relationship had already been planted when he was four years old.

The cultivation forum...

This type of place which was specially for comments on gossip in the cultivation circle was indeed visited by many sect leaders and major players. But did this group of people really read novels? And online novels, to boot? Everyone was a little skeptical.

Furthermore, they recalled that it was quite troublesome to register for an account on the cultivation forum. They had to answer a lot of questions about Dao, plus there was a time limit for each question. If you ran out of time, it would count as a wrong answer. There were a hundred questions in total, and you couldn't get a registration invite code unless you answered eighty questions or more correctly.

It might seem like a lot, but a senior cultivator would be able to choose the right answer with their eyes closed.

It was clearly impossible right now to compete with that Lady Thirteen, who was a crazy rich person on the Cultivation Reading Website, unless Father Chen used all his family's savings. However, he was sure that if he took the money out, his woman would chop off his hands and make him kneel on a washboard.

Father Chen dropped his forehead into his hand and felt that it might not be time to give up yet. "Alright, let's give it one last try. We'll start by signing up for an account first. I'll answer the questions, and you'll be responsible for helping me look up those that I can't answer." Father Chen was pretty confident in the hand speed of these group leaders. After all, they were all still single, and their hand speed over the past few decades wasn't just for show...

In an era of national cultivation, people remained single for longer as the lifespans of cultivators had increased on the whole.

A Foundation Establishment cultivator could live up to 200 or 300 years old, and these people in front of Father Chen were all eligible bachelors who were each nearly a hundred years old.

"This is the only thing we can do now! Let's give it one last try!" Lin Gang was encouraged by Father Chen. In this way, this group of people started to give it their all to register for an account on the cultivation forum.

Father Chen opened the registration page, and the one hundred questions appeared immediately, comprising fifty multiple-choice questions and fifty yes/no questions.

The questions got harder and harder going down the list.

Question 1 (multiple-choice): When a cultivation forum staff member pays you a visit, what will they say specifically to confirm their identity?

A: Chris, close the door 1 .

1(This is from an incident where another player threatened to kill pro gamer Lu Benwei, who told his coach Chris to lock the doors at their club ..) B: I'm here to repair your air-conditioning.

C: Hello, I'm from the cultivation forum, my work ID is XXX.

D: I, Lu Benwei, truly didn't cheat.

Father Chen deliberately didn't answer, but looked at his watch. The two-minute time limit had already started counting down.

"How is it? Difficult?" asked Lin Gang.

"It's supposed to get progressively harder. This first question is general knowledge on security, and is still very easy," Father Chen replied.

The first question was relatively simple. He chose "C" and the page immediately went to the next question.

Question 2 (multiple-choice): Wang Xiaoming is a Foundation Establishment cultivator. While training, he accidentally falls off Purgatory Cliff. Wang Xiaoming weighs 90kg and the cliff is 10,000 meters tall. As he falls at a rate of 10 meters per second, he hits and breaks two trees growing out of the cliff at an angle in succession before he speeds up again. In addition, Wang Xiaoming tries to grab at rocks jutting out of the cliff face as he's falling off the cliff, but never succeeds. What is Wang Xiaoming's final cause of death?

A: He was scared to death.

B: He fell to his death.

C: He died from hitting a tree.

D: He died from poison.

Father Chen: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Chen Chao: "..."

"Fuck! Is this something a human can answer?! This isn't just a small increase in difficulty!" Father Chen clutched his head and couldn't help cursing. His brain felt like it was hurting.

"It's D!" Next to him, Lin Gang had already swiftly found the answer thanks to his hand speed.

"Why?"

"It's Purgatory Cliff! The entire cliff is covered in a toxic miasma throughout the year. Hitting two trees in a row reduces his speed and cushions his fall, so he won't die after falling to the bottom. However, he will definitely die from poison," Lin Gang explained.

After hearing this, Father Chen realized he had almost run out of time, and quickly picked the answer.

Then it was the third question. In order to save time, Father Chen read it out loud as he analyzed it.

Question 3 (yes/no): Everyone knows that the Soul Swap Spell is a powerful demonic secret spell. The soul of a person under the spell will swap places with the soul of the closest person for a short period of time. The spell can only be broken by a third person kissing one of them. Wang Xiaoming's girlfriend and mother are watching Temptation of the Devil , but this film disc has a demonic magic array carved into it.

As soon as the show's male protagonist says the phrase "You're so coy," the two women are hit by the "Soul Swap Spell." To break the spell, fast-thinking Wang Xiaoming knocks his girlfriend's body unconscious and kisses his mother...

Question: After this incident, will Wang Xiaoming survive?

Father Chen: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Chen Chao: "..."

Very quickly, Lin Gang found the answer. "The answer is no!"

Father Chen: "His mom was in his girlfriend's body and he knocked her out and kissed his mom, meaning that he kissed his girlfriend. Isn't that the right thing to do?"

Lin Gang: "The explanation online is: he knocked his own mom out for his wife, and after his mom woke up, she began to quarrel with his wife. In the end, the male character couldn't take it any longer and jumped off a cliff to his death... Oh, that's right, we've already answered Question 2."

Father Chen: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Chen Chao: "..."

...

By the time Father Chen completed all the questions, it was already six o'clock in the evening.

Because Father Wang had done his best with his chapter updates, his monthly votes had increased by quite a bit during this period. However, he was still behind Zhu Ge, who ranked first. The gap now was: fifty thousand votes...

Father Chen and the others looked at the list and knew that Zhu Ge had officially started to go all out. After eleven-thirty that night, Zhu Ge would continue with another strong wave to secure his position.

"This is our last hope."

Father Chen spent several hundred yuan right away to become an annual member on the cultivation forum. Soon after that, he sent a promo excerpt of the novel which he had prepared earlier to the cultivation forum, along with a link to the official version and the first few chapters which were free.

To Father Chen's surprise, he very quickly got replies to his post.

Sect Leader of Heavenly Xuan Sect Han Ren: "WTF?! Even novel ads are showing up in our cultivation forum now? Is the administrator going to do something about this? @I Am Uncle Cat."

I Am Uncle Cat was the ID of the forum administrator.

Very quickly, more and more people began to @ I Am Uncle Cat, asking him to delete the post.

Sect Leader of Star Killer Sect Song Kaihua: "I don't read online novels. Their plots are all the same and are the most boring. Hurry up and delete the post! @I Am Uncle Cat."

Founder of Tyrant Earth Sect Zhang Zhide: "Someone actually dared advertise something in our forum? @I Am Uncle Cat."

...

"What now... Should we withdraw first? And send it again after a while? If this ID is banned, it's over for us. Even if the ban is just for a few hours, it's not worth it," Lin Gang said when he saw the situation.

"Let's wait and see..." Father Chen was also very nervous.

A few minutes later...

The administrator called Uncle Cat appeared.

He posted a reply: "Ah... sorry for the late reply, everyone, it was mainly because I was reading this novel just now... Actually, I think it's pretty good..."

Many people sent him question marks: "???"

But very quickly, Father Chen saw that the people who had asked for the post to be deleted earlier actually deleted their original replies.

Sect Leader of Heavenly Xuan Sect Han Ren: "WTF! It really is very good! Don't delete the post! I want to read it!"

Founder of Tyrant Earth Sect Zhang Zhide: "It's actually different from the online novels that I know of? Let's study it a bit..."

Sect Leader of Star Killer Sect Song Kaihua: "Mm... so delicious!"

Father Chen and Lin Gang: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Chen Chao: "..."





Chapter 960 How Bigwigs Work


This was beyond what Father Chen and the others had expected; they never thought that Father Wang's Wet Nurse would be so well received in the cultivation forum. From the attitude of some of the sect leaders earlier, they thought that online novels were just a fun way to kill time and weren't worth reading at all.

A place like the cultivation forum was on a completely different level - it could even be said that this was where the big shots in the cultivation circle gathered. In the eyes of these sect leaders, instead of wasting their time on stereotypical online novels that were all the same, they might as well recite the heart sutras of several rare books and learn more about covert rumors and gossip to increase their experience and knowledge; even getting ready to cultivate in seclusion would be far more interesting than reading online novels.

But it had to be said that Father Wang's Wet Nurse had completely taken their breaths away. At first glance, it seemed to contain all the stereotypical elements, but it also had plenty of interesting cultivation secrets and knowledge. Besides, some major sect players could already tell that these cultivation secrets weren't made up.

The truth was that Father Wang had done a lot of research before writing his book. Although he had a low realm, his knowledge of the cultivation field wasn't necessarily any less than that of these sect leaders.

And this actually was all thanks to Wang Ling, who had enlightened Father Wang's computer.

Thus, the computer could retain all the cultivation knowledge which Father Wang looked at online and automatically make associations between them. Similar to how an academic paper was organized, it would come up with a hypothesis on some cultivation phenomenon and then ultimately compile it into a passage before incorporating it into the novel.

This was the legendary bigwig operation which only Father Wang was capable of...

Hence, Father Wang's novel might just be an interesting book to online readers, but in the eyes of these sect big shots with truly high realms, it became an exceptionally interesting academic research paper.

So instead of focusing on the fun parts and the plot of Father Wang's online book, these bigwigs focused on the sections where the protagonist entered various secret places or when spells were analyzed...

It had always been said that one's ken was determined by the level of one's realm. Many parts in Father Wang's novel seemed like cooked-up nonsense, when in fact they actually weren't, and were the real deal...

As a result, Father Chen's post in the cultivation forum promoting the novel instantly became a hot topic, and was even pinned as a sticky at the top of the first page by the administrator Uncle Cat.

It was nearly eight o'clock in the evening, and with the strength of these major sect leaders behind it, Father Wang's Wet Nurse finally started to take off!

The bugle for the counter attack had officially sounded!

...

Elsewhere, at Balance Magic Center, Liang Heng and the others couldn't sit still.

"What's going on? What's the situation with Wang Situ?" asked Liang Heng as he stubbed out his cigarette. He thought that Zhu Ge already had the win in the bag, but who would have thought that Father Wang would suddenly come out strong now, catching Liang Heng off guard.

"There are a lot of gifts... Also, they all seem to be from newly registered side accounts..." someone replied.

The group leaders on Liang Heng's side noticed that these accounts which were giving Wang Situ's novel huge gifts were all newly created; there weren't any profile pictures and even the IDs hadn't been changed from the initial IDs generated automatically at signup, and still had a string of numbers behind them...

"WTF, they're all gifts of ten million in book currency... there're more than ten in a row already..."

"Where did he get so many hot shots from, in this period of time?" Liang Heng didn't understand.

It wasn't just Liang Heng; the other group leaders were also confused. They had no idea what was going on. Although the Cultivation Reading Network was now the largest Internet portal for serialized online novels as well as the place where a lot of the rich congregated, this sudden gathering of fat cats on Father Wang's side was rather much...

"Could it be some financial group young master?"

"No idea." Liang Heng shook his head.

Even if a financial group young master was involved, it was unlikely that he would be able to create this sort of gift-giving momentum!

The most important thing was that not only were there a lot of gifts in this short period of time, but the accounts they were from weren't the same! Even if it was a rich young master sending gifts, he wouldn't go so far as to register so many different accounts, would he?

"Brother Liang, what should we do now?"

"How big is the gap in votes now?"

"It's a little strange. They've been sending big gifts all this time: it's already roughly six hundred thousand HNY in just three minutes. However, no one's sending monthly vote red packets? Ten million book coins would mean a thousand monthly votes, but they've only caught up by six thousand votes, and haven't closed the gap."

"No one is sending monthly vote red packets? Really?" Liang Heng was a little stumped, and thought for a while. "Let's wait and see first. We still have roughly three hundred thousand HNY on hand; there has to be a catch if they're not sending red packets..."

...

Father Chen and the others were thrilled. They didn't expect these sect leaders to be so magnanimous, sending thousands upon thousands in gifts... In a short few minutes, they had already given Father Wang close to six hundred thousand HNY, which was beyond what Father Chen dared imagine.

But Lin Gang also realized that no one was sending monthly vote red packets...

"How come no one's sending red packets?" Lin Gang asked.

"These sect leaders basically don't read novels. Maybe they don't know how to send red packets... sending money is a lot easier," Father Chen said.

"I'll tell them."

Lin Gang used Father Chen's forum account and started lobbying for monthly votes in the cultivation forum. "Thank you, sect leaders, for your support. Today is the Cultivation Reading Network's annual Best Author competition, and I believe the esteemed author deeply appreciates everyone's gifts!"

Immediately, there were replies below his comment.

"It's just a small amount. I just hope that the author will write a little more about the Xuanwu secret land. His conjectures inside the novel are very interesting and truly worth studying."

"Mm, it's a small thing. Our sect might only be a Black-level sect, but we do have an annual revenue of hundreds of millions. This gift money is just to give the author some encouragement."

...

Father Chen and the others stared blankly. Sure enough, this was how bigwigs actually worked!

Lin Gang replied, "But the key now is not the gifts, but the monthly votes! We're still a long way from first place. The screenshot below shows how to send a monthly vote red packet... One monthly vote red packet costs five yuan, which is equal to five hundred book coins. We would be most grateful for the assistance of all sect leaders."

"Tch, it seems quite troublesome."

"It's not hard at all..."

"No, I still feel it's a little troublesome. How many votes now to reach first place?"

"We're still short of forty thousand votes... It was initially a difference of almost fifty thousand, but the gifts of one hundred thousand yuan each which the sect heads sent in a row narrowed that gap. A gift of ten million book coins is equivalent to one hundred thousand yuan and one thousand monthly votes."

"Oh... so one hundred thousand yuan means one thousand monthly votes, is that right?"

"Yes..."

"Alright, so we now have a figure. Then just keep sending gifts until we pass that number of votes."

A sect leader in the cultivation forum quickly gave a reply.

Father Chen and Lin Gang: "..."

Chen Chao and Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 961 An Absolutely Victorious Counterattack


It could only be said, as expected of these sect leaders... Father Chen and the others were stunned. This group of sect bigwigs with hundreds of millions in annual revenue thought nothing at all of a petty sum of one hundred thousand yuan.

Father Chen ran a body techniques dojo, and when business was good, he could earn up to over a million in annual revenue, which was enough for his family to live on very comfortably. He couldn't compare with these sect leaders, but at least he didn't need to worry about food or clothing and could still enjoy the occasional luxury trip or two - it was a wonderfully plentiful life.

But even given Father Chen's household situation, there was no way he could bear to spend tens of thousands of yuan like this, as if money was just like dung! As if money was nothing...

...

That day, thanks to the succession of gifts which Wang Situ received from those wealthy sects, there was an irreversible turn in the battle for top place as Best Author on the Cultivation Reading Network... All the leaders on the website were shaken. Zhu Ge was hit hard and became listless right away, not daring to say a single word.

There was no way to frame Father Wang for rigging the votes even if he wanted to, since Father Wang's votes were all sent through as gifts from the readers... The gifted votes were documented for all the readers of the website to see. It was an absolutely victorious and indisputable counterattack.

Father Chen didn't know what Zhu Ge's situation was like, but in the last half an hour of the battle for votes last night, Liang Heng had also gotten someone to share Zhu Ge's novel Shameless in the cultivation forum. In the end, Uncle Cat had directly banned the account and deleted the post... After all, not everyone had works as profound as Father Wang's.

Liang Heng was hit hard - this was the first time after university that he had lost to Father Chen, and he felt stifled and gloomy.

Not only did Zhu Ge fail to win Best Author, Liang Heng had also spent tens of thousands of yuan on monthly votes for Zhu Ge this time, but ultimately hadn't been able to save the situation.

At the same time, however, there were a number of suspicious points about the matter.

For example, Dark Governor Lady Thirteen, that daughter of a rich family, had disappeared without a trace after sending that first gift of one hundred thousand yuan, and had never shown up again.

This time, if Liang Heng hadn't known for sure that the famous Lady Thirteen would join the battle, he would never have been confident of Zhu Ge's victory from the very beginning...

Where was this Lady Thirteen now?

...

The Cultivation Reading Network's editorial department was located in the bustling downtown business start-up area. There were many outstanding young enterprises in this industrial park, and the Cultivation Reading Network was one of them. As a major online portal, the website company had expanded enough that they occupied a whole building, with the departments divided by levels.

Today, a middle-aged man with a beer belly had come to the editorial office on the second floor. He wore a military coat and a gold chain around his neck. The middle-aged man's expression was somewhat gloomy, as if he had weathered some storm.

Smoking was prohibited in the editorial office's lounge area, but the man lit his cigarette. The horrid smell of smoke filled the air, the editors who passed by to pour self-service coffee couldn't help but frown.

This man was none other than guru writer Zhu Ge of the Cultivation Reading Network. His real name was Shen Yuan.

"Teacher Zhu Ge, Chief Huang says to please go in." Just a moment later, a very beautiful female editor came to call him in. On the whole, when writers came to the editorial office, the editors didn't call them by their real names, but by their pseudonyms.

This was the first time the female editor was seeing Zhu Ge in person, and to be honest, he was nothing like she had imagined at all. Although his pen name was Zhu Ge, he looked a little vulgar and didn't have any of Zhu Ge's elegance 1 at all.

1(Historical Chinese figure Zhuge Liang was said to be an elegant and good-looking man ..) What a real waste of this pseudonym!

The female editor struggled to continue smiling and not let her thoughts show on her face.

"What's wrong with Old Huang today? I've been waiting a long time." Zhu Ge uncrossed his legs a little impatiently.

"Teacher Zhu Ge, this way please..."

"No need, I know the way." Zhu Ge frowned. As he headed for the office, he couldn't help looking at this female editor. "Are you new here?"

"Yes..."

"You should call me Guru Zhu Ge. Understand? I'm your guru author here!"

"Sorry, Teacher Zhu Ge..." The female editor apologized.

She suppressed the anger and fire in her heart, hating that she couldn't turn into a fire-breathing Godzilla to fry the fatty in front of her.

Actually, this female editor had been looking forward to meeting Zhu Ge today, but now she was no longer a fan!

"It's fine, I'm very big-hearted."

"Mm, congratulations, Teacher Zhu Ge, on winning second place for the year..."

"Just you wait, I'm going to look for your leader. Newbies really don't know how to talk!"

"..."

Huffing in anger, Zhu Ge entered the office. Once the door was shut, the female editor breathed a sigh of relief.

Some of her colleagues who had come to get coffee gathered around her.

"Little Yuan, are you alright? Relax, that's how Zhu Ge is... Boss Huang won't do anything to you since you're new."

"Thank you, Cookie, Big Suo... I'm alright."

"Zhu Ge placed second and he's in a bad mood, so he definitely was holding it all in; he was venting all of it on you just now."

"Boss Huang also seemed to be in a bad mood when he asked Zhu Ge to go in. I wonder what's going to happen to Zhu Ge." Little Yuan sighed.

...

On the other side, in the chief editor's office.

Entering the office, Zhu Ge started fawning over the other party. "Old Huang!"

"When we're in the company, call me Boss Huang." Sitting in the boss seat, chief editor Huang Tao pushed up his glasses.

"Yes! Boss Huang!"

The corner of Zhu Ge's mouth twitched, and the air seemed to freeze for one moment.

A while later, Zhu Ge cleared his throat and asked, "About the Best Author... is there anything Boss Huang can do?"

"Everyone saw it yesterday: Wang Situ crushed you in terms of gifts, sales and votes. Apart from killing him, there's nothing we can do now. What, you want to dox him? Drop in on him at his place?" Huang Tao smiled.

"In fact, I did think about that before."

"Cut it out, Zhu Ge."

Boss Huang's face darkened. "Do you know who gave him all those gifts yesterday?"

"Who?" Zhu Ge was blank.

"They are all sect leaders of major sects from the cultivation forum! If you dare do anything to Wang Situ, I guarantee that these sect leaders will join hands to take you down the next day."

"Sect, sect leaders..." Zhu Ge couldn't believe it. "How is this possible?!"

"You write historical fiction, and Wang Situ writes fantasy. Furthermore, his book contains some academic theory. Those who don't understand just think it's entertaining, while those who do consider it a treasure," Chief Editor Huang said.

He steepled his fingers and rested his chin on them. "Also, we've always had a big rich female reader named Dark Governor Lady Thirteen in our company. You should know this person, right, Zhu Ge?"

Zhu Ge was blank. He didn't know why the chief editor had suddenly mentioned this person, and a few drops of cold sweat ran down his face.

Zhu Ge: "This person is a reader who helped me in the ranking battle yesterday, and also one of my diehard fans, so of course I know them..."

"Haha, that's right, of course you do. How can you not?"

Chief Editor Huang chuckled, and from a drawer took out a file which he threw onto the table. "Take a look, Zhu Ge, someone wrote an anonymous letter of complaint."

Furious, Zhu Ge stood up indignantly. "Who's complaining about me?!"

"Calm down, Zhu Ge."

Chief Editor Huang gave a wry smile and stared at him with a complicated expression. "Or perhaps, I shouldn't call you Zhu Ge..."

"Boss Huang, what do you mean..."

"What do I mean?"

Huang Tao gave a cold smile. "Actually, you're that Dark Governor Lady Thirteen, aren't you?"





Chapter 962 Exposed


Zhu Ge's expression instantly froze at these words. For a moment, his mind was completely blank and he didn't know what to say at all. Since last night, he had felt that something wasn't right and that things weren't as simple as he imagined, but he hadn't expected this...

For a brief moment, it was as if the air had frozen solid. Zhu Ge swallowed his saliva, his Adam's apple bobbing nervously, and he even snuffed out the cigarette in his hand. "Chief Huang, what are you talking about... I don't understand."

Chief Editor Huang Tao smiled. "Stop pretending, Zhu Ge, I know everything. The documents in this file aren't about your novel, but your identity. Open it and have a look."

This file was already open, and it was obvious that Chief Editor Huang had already gone through the contents of the report. Zhu Ge's heart trembled slightly as he picked up the file.

The file contained several sheets of information and a photo. The information contained records of investigation into several IP addresses as well as online purchases.

To hide his identity, this "Dark Governor Lady Thirteen" was a side account which Zhu Ge had bought from a market dealer in accounts back then. In order to help create the perfect image of a financial group young miss, Zhu Ge had also bought a voice changer app to hide his real identity. The account and the voice changer were shown in the information to have been bought by the same IP address - and this address pointed to Zhu Ge's place.

Zhu Ge's heart sank. If he wanted to think up an excuse, he could say that these materials were all forged and untrustworthy.

But what really unsettled him was the picture in the file. To create the image of Dark Governor Lady Thirteen back then, he had even tried showing up in women's clothing... but that crossdressing plan that time was a total failure. He spent twenty thousand yuan on a HD beauty webcam, but there was no way to cover his fat face and obese figure.

Thus, he abandoned his plan to crossdress on camera, and instead mainly relied on modifying his voice to hide his identity.

But Zhu Ge had never gone public with his crossdressing and had only tried it in private. This picture was from when he had tried it out back then; from the angle in the picture, it looked like it had been taken by his laptop's webcam...

"Zhu Ge, you disguised yourself and fooled even me. Actually, not only is there a picture, there is also a video which is currently in my hands. And it's all ironclad evidence." Chief Editor Huang sighed.

"Chief Huang, I..." Zhu Ge knew that it was all over, and he was powerless to deny it.

"You know, if the readers find out that Dark Governor Lady Thirteen is fake, it's very possible that they'll doubt our website's fair practices. If this leaks out, our website will suffer for it. Plus, you've committed fraud with this," said Huang Tao.

"Chief Huang, it's a misunderstanding."

"Whether it's a misunderstanding or not, you and I know very well. But this anonymous whistleblower left a way out and put forward a suggestion: as long as you follow it, he won't release this information on Lady Thirteen."

"What does he want me to do..." Zhu Ge's face was already black and his entire body limp, like air escaping a balloon. In his heart, he knew that his situation was hopeless...

Huang Tao pondered for a while, then said, "First, you can no longer use the Dark Governor Lady Thirteen account from now on."

"That's not a problem..."

"And one more thing, Zhu Ge: we're terminating your contract."

Chief Editor Huang raised his head and said these last words to him.

...

So that year, as soon as Wang Situ joined the website, Guru Zhu Ge left in anger. This incident made Father Wang famous on the Cultivation Reading Network (A summary of events can be found in Chapter 74 The Daily Life of Father Wang Seeking Inspiration).

However, if not for Wang Ling skimming Chen Chao's memories this time, he really wouldn't have known all the bizarre things that happened in the wake of this incident...

After Zhu Ge's defeat, Liang Huan gained nothing in return for the money which he had invested in the battle for Best Author; this was a heavy blow he had never experienced before. Balance Magic Center's business also got worse.

On the other hand, Chen Chao's dad's body techniques dojo, as the victor, was vigorously promoted by Father Wang; he knew that the results of the monthly votes battle was all because of the great efforts of Father Chen and the other group leaders, for which he was immensely grateful.

After his victory in the battle for Best Author, Father Wang sent many red packets to the various fan groups to thank all the readers for their support. Furthermore, he burned the midnight oil every day for the next few days to produce tens of thousands of words for his book...

Although business picked up for Father Chen's body techniques dojo, Father Chen for some reason had a bad feeling.

The next day was New Year's Day, the first day of the new year, and the dojo was closed.

But Chen Chao and Wang Xiaoling didn't stop training. They were exercising in the yard in the morning. This set of body-refining exercises had been designed by Father Chen, and he was planning to apply for a patent for it.

Father Chen said that practicing the body exercises which he had designed himself was more useful than practicing military boxing. He recalled how there had been something online previously about a college student who practiced military boxing that hadn't collapsed even after being stabbed thirty-two times while he was subduing a hoodlum. Father Chen felt that anyone who practiced his body exercises would no longer need to worry about being stabbed at all!

Strength Super Basic Body-Refining Exercises!

See results after practicing one set! You won't cry even after being stabbed!

Practicing two sets will work magic! You won't be afraid of a second stab!

Wang Xiaoling had only started training a few days ago and was still a little uncoordinated, while Chen Chao had been doing these body exercises for a long time. They were almost the same age with Chen Chao being a few months older. Wang Xiaoling clumsily imitated Chen Chao from behind, and he deliberately slowed down so that she could follow his movements.

"Xiaoling, Chen Chao?"

Halfway through practice, Xiaoling's mom's voice came from outside the gated entrance.

"Aunt!" Chen Chao and Wang Xiaoling hurried over.

"I bought some fruit pancakes from West Street this morning. You haven't had breakfast, right?" Xiao Ling's mom passed them the two fruit pancakes and two cups of soybean milk which she had bought.

"Not yet, my dad's making it now." Chen Chao accepted the food and ate it with a smile. "Aunt, won't you come in?"

"No, no, I'll come tomorrow! Today - today I still have something to do." Xiaoling's mom turned him down.

Chen Chao found her tone a little strange. The fence was a little high and the plants next to it blocked his view a little, so he couldn't clearly make out Xiaoling's mom's face. Unperturbed, he looked for an angle in the fence and peered through the crack.

When he saw Xiaoling's mom's face, he instantly knew why she was reluctant to come in.

Her face was full of bruises.

Although she was wearing a face mask, it couldn't completely cover such severe bruises.

Who on earth had done this?

Was it Tiger Liang's side?

Chen Chao made a guess.





Chapter 963 The Law Protecting Minors in the Cultivation World


During breakfast, Chen Chao was very vexed and gloomy as he ate.

He looked at Wang Xiaoling, his heart a little restless. He hadn't asked her outright just now as he didn't want to hurt her. It was said that a daughter was like a close-fitting cotton-padded jacket; it would hurt any girl to know that their own mother had been beaten up.

Wang Ling was a little moved by Chen Chao's thoughts; although Chen Chao was still young, he was clearly a good kid who knew how to consider other people's feelings. If a daughter was a close-fitting cotton-padded jacket, then Chen Chao was a military overcoat.

This was what Wang Ling thought.

As Father Chen brought breakfast over, he saw Chen Chao nibbling absentmindedly on a fruit pancake very slowly, and he immediately knew that it was probably Xiaoling's mom who had brought it over. He instantly chastised Chen Chao. "Chao, why didn't you ask Xiaoling's mom to come in?"

"I did, but, but auntie..." Chen Chao bit back his words.

Seeing his behavior, Father Chen had an inkling and didn't ask him again.

After breakfast, Father Chen drew Chen Chao to one side and then finally learned of Xiaoling's mom's injuries. Father Chen wasn't clear on the exact details, but he might be able to put together a rough idea if he asked the people in the neighborhood, and so he called his students who lived close by.

Since Xiaoling's mom lived in a nearby rental, as did some students of his body techniques dojo, Father Chen thought that his students might have seen something.

In the end, he learned something with the first call.

When asked about Xiaoling's mom, the student who received the call was a little reluctant to say anything at first on the other end of the phone - likely his parents had told him beforehand not to be a busybody.

"You can tell me, I won't tell anyone. You know that Xiaoling is also one of the kids at our body techniques dojo. Do you remember what our dojo's purpose is? We learn martial arts not to fight, but to help the weak and uphold justice! Telling us what you know is helping Xiaoling - this is a righteous act!" said Father Chen.

He knew that putting it like this was a little forceful and sounded like he was taking the high ground. He knew that it wasn't very good for him to do so, but he had no other choice as he had to know what happened to Xiaoling's mom.

The child on the other end of the phone fell silent for a short moment before relating the truth. "Dojo Chief, it's like this. I was on my balcony yesterday when I saw Chief Liang's son, Tiger Liang. His leg was in a cast, and he brought a bunch of kids over to bully Xiaoling's mom. They used fireball spells to burn all the junk she collected. They were the ones who caused those two black spots in front of the recycling stand."

He was only ten years old, which wasn't a rebellious age and was when children would basically listen to whatever their parents said; it was already very brave of him to have the courage to tell Father Chen what he saw.

After the kid was done, Father Chen found it hard to believe. "Little kids nowadays are beating up other people? Why didn't Liang Heng step in? Are you sure Liang Heng didn't show up yesterday?"

"Yes; when Tiger Liang was bullying Xiaoling's mom yesterday, Chief Liang never showed up." The child on the other end of the phone said in a low voice, "I wanted to go down and help, but my parents told me not to get involved, and to act as if I hadn't seen anything. They also wouldn't let me call the police. Dojo Chief, don't blame me for this..."

"It's fine, kid, I understand. Telling me this is already a great help to Xiaoling's mom." Father Chen comforted him.

Everyone enjoyed a good show but didn't like to get involved; this was a common problem everywhere.

It wasn't as if warmhearted people didn't exist, but for most of them, the setbacks they suffered weren't light. Actually, everyone had the intention to do good, but what they feared was if it stirred up trouble for themselves.

After another five or six minutes, the phone call ended.

Father Chen now roughly understood the situation.

Tiger Liang was definitely responsible for Xiaoling's mom's injuries.

Someone nearby had called the police yesterday, but it was already over by the time the police arrived. Also, because this bunch of troublemakers were underaged, they were all released after a few minutes of lecturing at the police station...

It could be said that Tiger Liang this brat had escaped completely unscathed thanks to the law protecting minors in the cultivation world.

However, not only was the junk which Xiaoling's mom had painstakingly collected over the whole day burned, she had also been beaten up. The crucial point was that it was kids who had done it, so the hands of the police were also tied.

But the cultivation police station did lend her civic assistance and had gotten some officers to accompany Xiaoling's mom to the hospital to deal with her injuries.

The police advised that it would be best for her to find a new place; this bunch of kids had already deliberately stirred up trouble once, and there would definitely be a second time.

Because of the law protecting minors in the cultivation world, even the police were annoyed that they were helpless to do anything about Tiger Liang.

After hearing the story, Father Chen was so furious that his body shook.

Behind a bratty kid there had to be a bratty parent. He didn't believe Tiger Liang would make trouble for Xiaoling's mom for no reason at all - most likely, Liang Heng had incited him to do so.

And Father Chen also knew that Liang Heng had already gotten wind of the fact that Xiaoling was studying at Father Chen's dojo.

Father Chen knew that he couldn't stand by and do nothing, but he also couldn't deal with it personally.

Liang Heng was still hiding in the back to observe the situation; he was using this method to provoke Father Chen so that he could come over in the end to look at his defeated appearance.

But how should he deal with this?

Father Chen lit a cigarette and pondered.

That night, he shared the whole story in the group chat for Father Wang's fan group of alliance leaders.

Father Chen was now the number one fan leader, and after that major competition yesterday, all the sect leaders had joined the fan group one after another.

Sect Leader of Heavenly Xuan Sect Han Ren: "That's too much! Isn't this bullying?"

Founder of Tyrant Earth Sect Zhang Zhide: "This leader of Balance Magic Center is sly, using kids to make trouble with an adult. The law protecting minors is a good thing, but the concern is that some scumbags will take advantage of this loophole to do something illegal! Children taught by this scum wouldn't be good people either."

Sect Leader of Star Killer Sect Song Kaihua: "I think it's not too late. This kid has been led astray by his father, but he's only ten, after all. He'll inevitably make mistakes, but as long as he's straightened out in time, it'll be fine."

A discussion started in the group after everyone listened to Father Chen's story.

Father Chen also said in the group, "So far, I haven't come up with a good way to handle this. I suspect that Tiger Liang this kid will definitely go make trouble again tomorrow, and even if the police hurry over afterward, it still won't be resolved..."

Han Ren, the sect leader of Heavenly Xuan Sect, suddenly said, "Dojo Chief Chen, in your body techniques dojo, don't you..."

Zhang Zhide immediately said, "Old Han, what are you thinking? How can you incite those kids to go help out in a fight? Wouldn't that be leading them astray? Dojo Chief Chen also isn't that sort of person!"

"That's true..."

Han Ren nodded and said, "I'm sorry, Dojo Chief Chen, I put my foot in my mouth."

Before Father Chen could reply to say that it was fine, he saw Zhang Zhide, the founder of Tyrant Earth Sect, say again, "Dojo Chief Chen isn't someone like that, but I am!"

Sect Leader of Heavenly Xuan Sect Han Ren: "..."

Sect Leader of Star Killer Sect Song Kaihua: "..."

Father Chen: "..."

Zhang Zhide said, "After all, our three sects are all based in Songhai City. My son is eight years old. Old Han, Old Song, how old are your kids?"

Han Ren: "I only have one son, he's eleven."

Song Kaihua: "Hm... my younger son is nine."

Zhang Zhide: "The world is a ruthless place! It's time for them to understand how wretched it can be."

Everyone: "..."

Zhang Zhide sent an evil laugh emoji. "After all, it's just a fight between kids, and we're not breaking the law. They use their kids, we'll use our kids."

"..."

Father Chen was stunned.

Were the kids of these three sect leaders about to teach Tiger Liang a lesson?

Tiger Liang was Iron Crutch Li 1 now... It was possible that his second leg might also be broken tomorrow...

1(A crippled immortal from a Chinese table..)





Chapter 964 Tigress


The news that Xiaoling's mom was beaten up very quickly reached Liang Heng, but he didn't say anything. Strength Super Martial Arts Dojo was now gaining momentum. Chen Yi being the head of Wang Situ's fan group, his martial arts dojo was also highly revered - pulling him down now wouldn't be easy.

But Liang Heng had a new plan for this.

If what those students said was true and Wang Xiaoling was indeed a rare genius, luring her over to their Balance Magic Center and ultimately making her their spokesperson would help them regain their lost popularity very quickly.

However, Liang Heng also knew very well that roping in Wang Xiaoling wouldn't be easy; clearly, he had to threaten Xiaoling's mom and teach her a small lesson.

Actually, Liang Heng had privately looked for someone yesterday to ask Xiaoling's mom about transferring Xiaoling to the Balance Magic Center to study, but Xiaoling's mom had outright turned it down.

Liang Heng was someone who prized his reputation; the more he couldn't get something, the more he wanted it. Tiger Liang had also inherited this narrow-minded trait; growing up, Tiger Liang had never not had his way. Liang Heng was too tyrannical, so no one dared to provoke him so easily. However, if he continued behaving in this manner, there would most likely come a day when he would find himself in danger...

That evening, a group of children came by the Balance Magic Center, and Liang Heng ordered them plenty of takeaway chicken buckets.

They were all the kids who had gone with Tiger Liang yesterday to make trouble for Xiaoling's mom.

"Little Tiger was awesome yesterday; you'll definitely have promise once you grow up."

After praising Tiger Liang, Liang Heng then looked at the other children. "All of you were pretty good too. My family's Little Tiger is hurt, so I'll have to trouble you to take care of him."

Liang Heng was very sly. He only mentioned these three words "take care of" to the others without directly inciting these children to help Tiger Liang stir up trouble.

"Dad, it seems mom knows about what happened yesterday. She's very angry." Gnawing on a fried chicken leg, Tiger Liang pondered for a bit before he finally spoke.

"You can ignore that tigress. Instead of learning from your mother, you should learn more from me, your father." Liang Heng rubbed Tiger Liang's head, a smile on his face.

Liang Heng always called his wife "tigress," even in front of outsiders. After stealing that university teacher from Chen Yi back then, Liang Heng married her and they had Tiger Liang. After that, Liang Heng felt that they didn't have much affection for each other, and somehow felt like something was missing - the delight at winning over Tiger Liang's mom in front of Chen Yi wasn't there.

For Liang Heng, the crucial thing was to put all his efforts into grooming his son Tiger Liang; his family's tigress was nothing to be afraid of.

However fierce she was, didn't she still become his wife?

As the saying went, how can you catch a tiger cub without entering the tiger's lair 1...

Liang Heng didn't realize that he had ruined yet another classic saying.

...

As Father Chen had expected, close to noon the following day, Tiger Liang again took a gang of brats with him to make trouble for Xiaoling's mom. Actually, they didn't know that what they were doing would be considered criminal behavior if they were adults. Instead, they just thought it was interesting.

There was no understanding the behavior of bratty kids to begin with. Furthermore, if there were bratty parents encouraging them from behind, this would only cause their children to become even more reckless and worse than before.

Father Chen didn't let Chen Chao and Wang Xiaoling do anything. Xiaoling's mom's recycling stand was near a cafe. Father Chen took Chen Chao and Wang Xiaoling to the cafe, where they could sit and observe the situation.

As soon as Tiger Liang showed up on crutches, along with that bunch of brats, Wang Xiaoling pointed nervously in their direction. Chen Chao gripped Wang Xiaoling's restless hand and had her calm down. "Don't worry, Xiaoling, we just need to watch the show."

Indeed, they just needed to watch the show...

Because at that very moment, the sons of three sect heads had already been waiting for a long time inside Xiaoling's mom's recycling shop.

Early that morning, a limo had brought three people over to the shop. Xiaoling's mom was stunned and thought that the group had come to make trouble again. In the end, a bodyguard had followed them, and traded all the junk inside Xiaoling's mom's shop for cash...

Of course, the bodyguard didn't need this junk at all. He had picked them up to do a good deed on one hand, and to make room for the three young masters on the other.

The recycling stand wasn't big to begin with. Cleared of junk, the place was just big enough for a scuffle between kids.

Then, the three young scions of Tyrant Earth Sect, Heavenly Xuan Sect and Star Killer Sect, with an average age of less than ten, sat on small folding stools prepared for them in advance and waited for Tiger Liang and his gang to come.

The three young masters had very smart postures as they sat on the stools. Each one of them wore a miniature Western suit and a pair of small sunglasses, and they looked incomparably cultured.

Xiaoling's mom didn't know what was going on at first, but when noon arrived and she saw Tiger Liang and the others come over again after causing trouble for her yesterday, she had a rough idea...

At first, she thought about going over to plead with them, but when she thought about how she had been burned by Tiger Liang's fireball yesterday, she still felt some lingering fear.

Seeing this, the tall bodyguard on the side smiled slightly. "Auntie, don't panic, just relax. Let kids handle their own matters."

The three young masters had their assignments, and so did he. In addition to keeping them safe, the truth was that the bodyguard was here to do damage control.

If something unexpected happened, someone was bound to show up.

He was here on the order of the sect leader of Tyrant Earth Sect Zhang Dezhi, and this counterattack was also something Zhang Dezhi came up with himself.

At that moment, Tiger Liang came over. When he saw the three cute young masters sitting inside the recycling stand, he laughed darkly and shouted, "Are the three of you Xiaoling's mom's reinforcements?"

The three scions exchanged looks and didn't say a word.

For today's performance, they had gotten the same haircut early that morning and even wore the same clothes. Apart from the difference in their heights, they looked like three brothers from a distance.

The relationship between the three sect leaders was good to begin with, so the relationship between the three scions naturally wouldn't be an ordinary thing.

"If you don't say anything, I'll take that as agreement." Tiger Liang chuckled. "One of my legs might be crippled, but let me offer you a piece of advice: get lost, or you're dead meat!"

Tiger Liang was the biggest tyrant among these brats, and when he spoke, it was with an automatically arrogant air.

But these three little scions weren't pushovers.

Balance Magic Center was indeed well-known in this area, but however famous it was, could Tiger Liang compare with biological children of three sect leaders, who trained them personally? No matter how strong Liang Heng was or how famous the magic center was, it was just a small, crappy joint in front of genuine light force sects.

The three scions couldn't figure out why a kid of a small dojo could be so pompous. The child standing in the middle made a move right away. He was the son of the sect leader of Tyrant Earth Sect Zhang Dezhi, and was only eight years old.

His movements were so quick that Chen Chao couldn't react in time. When he came back to his senses, the first swing had already smashed into Tiger Liang's right cheek...

Bang!

Tiger Liang flew backward right away with a bloody mouth.





Chapter 965 What Cheek!


Seeing that a fight had already started at the recycling stand, Father Chen hesitated as he debated whether to go over and have a look. But he was then stupefied to see how excessively strong the three little scions were; they were more nimble than some of the big kids who had been training at his dojo for years.

After thinking about it, Father Chen decided not to step forward in the end. Zhang Dezhi had dispatched a bodyguard to look after them. Judging from his aura, the bodyguard was a Golden Core cultivator. He was keeping watch, so there was no way anyone would actually die.

Besides, with his father Liang Heng backing him up, Tiger Liang this brat had brought over a bunch of hooligans to smash Xiaoling's mom's stuff and even beat her up. The thought enraged Father Chen. This opportunity was hard to come by, and Tiger Liang had to be given a good thrashing no matter what.

That day, Chen Chao and Wang Xiaoling gaped in awe...

Regardless of their training in the dojo, this was their first time seeing true sect disciples up close, as well as a genuine sect young master taking action in a scuffle.

Not all rich second generation kids were like Tiger Liang, who relied on his father and bullied others.

Rich second generation kids also existed relative to each other at every level of society.

Tiger Liang was a rich second generation in their neighborhood.

But compared with the sects of Zhang Dezhi and the other sect leaders, the Liang family's Balance Magic Center was like a slum... These three little scions were of noble birth and had received the best of everything from the moment they were born. They would have obtained the best training, and far surpassed their peers in all physical aspects.

Father Chen sighed with feeling repeatedly as he watched. Zhang Pingru, the son of the sect leader of Tyrant Earth Sect Zhang Dezhi, was only eight years old, but he was stronger than some of the eleven- and twelve-years-old in their family dojo.

The more superior a rich second generation kid's family background was, the more likely they had to learn more and work harder than regular people since young.

There was a good saying: Don't be afraid of others being richer or higher born than you; be afraid if someone richer and higher born is more hardworking than you...

Father Chen was deeply shaken by this point, and the young spirits of four-year-old Chen Chao and Wang Xiaoling were inspired at the same time.

...

That evening, Father Chen called Xiaoling's mom, the three sect young masters, and the bodyguard who had accompanied them to the dojo for dinner. Mother Chen busied herself in the kitchen. It wouldn't be appropriate for her to order takeout on this occasion, so she wanted to do some home cooking.

Initially, the three young masters still had training in the evening, but when Zhang Dezhi and the others heard about Father Chen's invitation, they immediately agreed inside the fan group. Actually, the truth was that they had agreed out of respect for Mr Wang.

After Father Wang won Best Author, the book Wet Nurse had drawn widespread attention in the cultivation forum, and all the sect heads explored the mysteries in the novel as if they were reading a research report.

Before dinner, everyone sat at the table peeling and eating melon seeds. The three young masters sat as smartly as ever, and Father Chen deeply felt the gap compared with his child's upbringing. But Father Chen wasn't worried. Chen Chao was only four years old, which was the time to be lively; that was the nature of children.

"Thank you so much for everyone's help this time." Xiaoling's mom thanked them repeatedly.

To be honest, she had already mentally prepared herself, and had known that Tiger Liang would come over again today to make trouble.

The sturdy bodyguard whom Zhang Dezhi had dispatched was called Zhu Jin. Some people called him Little Zhu, and some people called him Ah Jin.

Zhu Jin smiled and said, "Xiaoling's mother, you don't have to worry anymore after this. That brat got the lesson he deserved. Our three young masters didn't do much this time - that was just a slap on the wrist."

"What? You call that a slap on the wrist? Poor Tiger Liang..."

When he recalled Tiger Liang's wretched appearance at noon, Chen Chao slapped his thigh and couldn't help chortling.

Wretched...

He was indeed wretched...

Tiger Liang had been sent flying with one kick at the start, like a ball that had been tossed in the air, and he had only dropped back down after a full five minutes. That bunch of lackeys he had brought with him didn't help out at all. Seeing the momentum of these three sect young masters, they all instantly scattered...

"The kid was asking for it, not learning what is right but insisting on making trouble. And that father of his egging him on from behind is detestable!" Father Chen said angrily.

"Thank you, Chief Chen, but I'm afraid Liang Heng won't give up..." Xiaoling's mom had a worried expression on her face. She hugged Wang Xiaoling who was sitting next to her, and somehow felt that her daughter seemed to have a little more awareness and meat on her bones than before.

"I know, Xiaoling's mom, I understand his personality too well." Father Chen nodded.

"You don't have to worry about that."

Zhu Jin said, "Our three sect leaders have already sent lawyer letters to Balance Magic Center. If that Chief Liang is a sensible person, he won't come looking for trouble in the short term."

"Lawyer letter?" Father Chen was blank.

"That's right. After all, our three young masters also sustained injuries..." Zhu Jin said.

"Where were they hurt?" Father Chen asked.

"It's fine, they're minor injuries." Ah Jin sipped his tea and said, "They hit Tiger Liang so hard that they cracked their fingernails."

" Pfft... " Chen Chao burst out laughing suddenly.

Father Chen and Xiaoling's mom were utterly stunned by Tyrant Earth Sect's move. It was clearly Tiger Liang who had been beaten up, but the Liang family was the one to receive lawyer letters instead... Even this could happen?

Ah Jin smiled. "There is no such thing as absolute justice in this world to begin with."

...

It had to be said that Chen Chao had amazing interpersonal skills. By the end of the meal, he was already close with all the three young masters and even exchanged contact details. While the trio were strong, Chen Chao also had his own strong point, which was that he was becoming more and more of a smooth talker... After all, he had been pursuing the "art of language" during this period of time.

Father Chen was very happy about this.

It was very rare to encounter peers of a higher level. Additionally, these three little scions normally had a very packed schedule, and Chen Chao was very lucky to be able to seize this opportunity.

When Chen Chao did a rough comparison of his typical day with that of the three young masters, he realized his really was nothing.

Beyond what Chen Chao imagined, there were so many things that the three sect young masters studied in one day. Especially eight-year-old Zhang Pingru... He was busy from six in the morning right up to two in the morning, and only got four hours of sleep every day.

Spells logical thinking, physical training, agility training, spirit qi breathing training... lessons of all sorts one after another filled his day.

Before Ah Jin took the young masters away, Father Chen was surprised when he saw Chen Chao actually wearing a suit belonging to one of the scions. It was a little too big, and Chen Chao had to hold up the pant legs and push up the sleeves. "Chen Chao, why are you wearing Pingru's clothes?"

"It was Pingru who suggested it. He likes our dojo's Dao uniform, so I found him a set he could wear, and swapped clothes with him," Chen Chao explained.

Father Chen: "What cheek!"

"If the young master likes it, just let them swap. Chief Chen, train your son well. His root bone is in fact pretty good. We have some bone-strengthening pills exclusively developed by our sect. Sect Leader has something on and was unable to come today, so this is a gift! Someone will send it over in two days! Chief Chen, please think nothing of it!" said Ah Jin with a smile.

"Thank you, Peppa!" Right after he spoke, Father Chen suddenly realized his mistake.

He had been about to say "Little Zhu 1 ," but somehow his brain had short-circuited and he had called out the wrong name...

1(Pig is also "zhu" in Chinese, and "little pig" calls Peppa Pig to mind ..) "My apologies, Ah Jin..."

"It's fine, Chief Chen, I'm already used to it..."

"..."

"That's why people usually prefer to call me Ah Jin. If you call me Little Zhu, it's easy to think of something else..."





Chapter 966 Demonic Curse Software


Balance Magic Dojo was facing an unprecedented business crisis.

It could be said that there was no turning back Liang Heng's situation now. Tiger Liang was wrapped up like a dumpling when he was brought back, but fortunately he was still clear-headed. The three young masters hadn't been overly rough with him, and hadn't directly damaged his brain... But Liang Heng thought his own brain was about to break down!

"Chen Yi! This isn't over!" Liang Heng gripped Tiger Liang's hand tightly. Tiger Liang's injuries were severe and he couldn't even talk, but Liang Heng knew that it would be useless to take it to the Cultivation Court.

The three sect leaders had already sent lawyer letters to his Balance Magic Center. Right now, the only thing he could do was admit defeat - he didn't seem to have any other choice.

At the moment, there was the sound of knocking outside the center.

When Liang Heng opened the door, he was startled to see who it was.

A bald, middle-aged man with a beer belly was smoking as he stood gloomily by the entrance.

"Guru Zhu Ge?"

Liang Heng didn't know that Zhu Ge's contract with the Cultivation Reading Network had already been canceled, so Liang Heng's address was a sore blow to Zhu Ge.

They had met each other before at an offline fanmeet; only the top twenty people in the fan rankings had been eligible to attend the meet.

"It looks like things aren't good on your end either." Zhu Ge smiled coldly.

Looking at Liang Heng's similarly gloomy and frustrated expression, he suddenly realized something.

The reason why the website had terminated his contract was in fact because of pressure from these sect leaders from the cultivation forum. Although Chief Editor Hwang hadn't said too much, Zhu Ge had gotten a rough idea of the situation when he got in touch with some internal staff after the termination of his contract.

Zhu Ge held out a box of Black Toad Bone-Strengthening Powder and gave it to Liang Heng. "I know that your son was badly hurt; please accept this."

"Teacher Zhu Ge, you're too kind." Liang Heng took the gift.

His son had broken bones all over, and this could be considered just the right gift. It seemed that Zhu Ge had done his homework before coming here; he was even aware of Tiger Liang's injured condition.

Inside the center, they sat facing each other.

After a moment of silence, Zhu Ge spoke up first. "The Cultivation Reading Network has terminated my contract."

Liang Heng was stupefied. "Why?"

"Hm... because someone was putting pressure on them." Zhu Ge didn't bring up the fact that he was Lady Thirteen. Actually, it wasn't that he wanted to hide the matter, but as soon as he said something, then Liang Heng would probably be able to guess later on that he had crossdressed to disguise himself as Lady Thirteen.

For Zhu Ge, that was a very humiliating matter, and on second thought, also a little disgusting...

Who could ever imagine a fat shut-in with a beer belly dressing up in an ill-fitting Lolita costume? Zhu Ge recalled how that L size Lolita evening gown had instantly been ripped to shreds the moment he put one arm through the shoulder strap...

"Don't tell me it was also pressure from the sects?" Liang Heng was very smart; when he saw the change in Zhu Ge's expression, he very quickly thought of this possibility.

The fathers of the three sect young masters who had helped Xiaoling's mom out were all fans of Wang Situ, so it wasn't hard at all for Liang Heng to make the connection.

"I'm leaving Songhai city tomorrow for a small place to take up work as the chief editor of a newspaper there from then on," Zhu Ge said gloomily as he puffed on his cigarette and looked at Liang Heng.

Liang Heng grit his teeth. "Guru Zhu Ge, don't you feel unsatisfied with this? Everything you worked so hard for was snatched away!"

"What goes around comes around; there's nothing I can be resentful about."

Zhu Ge laughed coldly, then took out a USB key from his pocket. "Previously, a fan of mine sent me this by express delivery."

"What's this?" Liang Heng stared at the USB key.

"He said that it contained something that could reverse my situation. I opened it for a look, and the only thing inside is a software for casting curses," said Zhu Ge.

"Casting curses?"

"It was probably developed by someone from the demonic path."

"How do you cast a curse? Do you need to pay to do so?"

"I've never encountered anyone from the demonic path, but they wouldn't bother chasing after worldly items like money. I opened that software for a look, and to cast a curse, you pay in life span..." Zhu Ge laughed. "So for me, this thing is basically useless. I'm already in poor health to begin with since I spend long hours sitting down and not moving as I write. Apart from the three highs1, I also have a fatty liver; even with the best health supplements of this era, I'll still die in a hundred years if I don't lose weight."

1(High blood pressure, high blood cholesterol, and high blood sugar.) Hearing this, Liang Heng sank into silence.

"Leaving aside whether this curse software is real or not, shaving off several decades of my life to take the other party down in revenge isn't worth it, even if it was real. Ultimately, neither side wins, and I won't have many years to live after that." Saying this, Zhu Ge sighed.

Clutching the USB key, Liang Heng felt a little sorrowful at Zhu Ge's words.

This was the first time he had lost to Chen Yi, which made him so uncomfortable. As soon as he thought of Tiger Liang's wretched appearance, wrapped head to toe in bandages, he itched to skin Father Chen and his son alive.

After that, Liang Heng open a few cans of beer and prepared some side dishes to go with it. They drank and chatted for some time, during which Liang Heng used the laptop next to him to open the USB key and copy the file over.

His movements were very quick.

After drinking and eating for roughly half an hour, Zhu Ge looked at the sky.

"It's about time I left, Chief Liang." Zhu Ge climbed to his feet. He was quite huge and it looked like it took some effort for him to move. Liang Heng was about to go over and help him up, but Zhu Ge waved his hand, and bracing himself, got up on his own.

"Chief Liang, please give the USB key back to me."

"Alright..."

...

After seeing Zhu Ge off, the first thing Liang Heng did was to open the software which he had copied over.

Like Zhu Ge had said, this was a software for casting curses. It had a slightly creepy interface; after clicking it open, a pop-up window instantly covered the computer screen with an image of a grim reaper holding a scythe.

On its tongue was a name box, above which was a note that he had to think of the person's appearance when he typed in their real name.

The prices for the different curses were also clearly marked on the page.

Liang Heng opened the menu for a look.

Mild Curse: One year of life.

Moderate Curse: Five years of life.

Heavy Curse: Eight years of life.

Super Curse: Ten years of life.

Deluxe 4-Curse Package: Twenty years of life.

Apart from the marked curse prices, Liang Heng also saw in the upper right corner that there was even an option for topping up the lifespan: he just needed to hover over it with the mouse and recite the number in his mind to complete the top-up.

When he saw this, Liang Heng smiled darkly.

While his center hadn't been doing that great in the last few days...

He still had plenty of students...





Chapter 967 Liang Heng's Wicked Scheme


Should he curse his own students?.

Liang Heng instantly thought of this plan.

Although that wouldn't be very kind of him, he had no other way. He had to take care of Tiger Liang, his wife and his old mother, and he himself was already old. But those students were different: they were still young and had long lives ahead of them. Taking a few years off their lives should be fine, right?

As he thought this, wicked thoughts started to sprout and a shadow gathered in Liang Heng's heart.

But Liang Heng felt that he should first test whether this curse really did work or not.

He typed Father Chen's name into the name box on the grim reaper's tongue and finally chose the "mild curse" option.

Right away, the reaper on the computer screen waved the scythe it was holding, and blood instantly splashed all over the screen...

Liang Heng felt like he fell into a trance for a few seconds. When he came back to his senses, the reaper's long tongue had already rolled up and there was a word on the computer screen: Processing...

It was actually real?

Liang Heng examined his own body in disbelief. His physical health had indeed declined in an instant just now, as if he had aged.

Even his skin had become a little flabbier...

After all, middle-aged people who wanted to stay fit had to diligently cultivate and exercise a lot every day... One year had been taken off his life just then, but his body was displaying the side effects right away.

If he used this on his students, they might become seriously ill for a time.

But Liang Heng wasn't unhappy.

Rather, he was delighted now...

Thanks to Zhu Ge, he was actually able to learn this method to help him achieve a beautiful reversal in fortune!

...

At roughly the same time the next day, Liang Heng was checking the curse program again when he received a video that was several minutes long inside the program's internal mailbox.

Liang Heng opened it and realized that the man in the video was actually Father Chen.

While he wasn't certain how the person taking the video had managed to get so close without being noticed, Liang Heng carefully watched the video from beginning to end without skipping over a second of it.

It could be called a compilation of Father Chen's "bad luck" for one day.

At seven o'clock in the morning, Father Chen arrived at the dojo entrance and found that a huge, red "tear down" had actually been spray painted on the door.

"What's going on..." Father Chen was utterly shocked by this massive sign of demolition in front of him.

He rubbed the red spray paint; it was the kind that was waterproof and wouldn't wash off easily...

He now needed to spend money to have the entire door removed and replaced...

Even if he complained to the worker who had done the spray painting and claimed for damages, it would take months for the complaint to be processed.

But what made Father Chen despair were the smaller words spray painted next to "tear down": "Sorry, I sprayed the wrong place!!!"

Father Chen: "..."

Liang Heng: "..."

This was the first part of the video. Just like Father Chen in the video, Liang Heng sat in front of the video on his computer and didn't speak for a long time.

For some reason, Liang Heng felt like laughing.

But Father Chen's cursed day of bad luck had only just began.

...

The second part was during noon.

A fish bone actually got stuck in Father Chen's throat while he was eating fish, and he was taken to the hospital right away.

In the video Liang Heng had received, the doctor was taking the fish bone out of Father Chen's throat. When he fished the bone out with tweezers, the tip was even stained with blood from Father Chen's throat. "This was really dangerous. If you had come in a little later, this fish bone would have pierced your throat."

In the operating room, Father Chen was feeling aggrieved. Because the bone had only just been taken out, his voice was still very hoarse. "But doctor, the fish I bought is Scaleless Boneless Fish..."

This kind of fish was very popular in the market. As its name implied, it was scaleless and boneless. Both adults and children could eat it, and its meat was very delicious.

Reasonably speaking, it was impossible for him to ingest a fish bone...

"Was the fish fresh?"

"Well... The meat is a bit old..."

"Then you probably don't know, but when you buy Scaleless Boneless Fish at the market, you should get the young or adult ones. This kind of fish isn't truly boneless; it's just that the bones are very soft when their young or mature, so when you eat it, it seems boneless. Too bad you bought an old one."

"What's wrong with an old fish..." Father Chen trembled.

"Of course you can eat an old fish, but the one you bought had osteoproliferation," replied the doctor.

Father Chen: "..."

...

The last two minutes of the six-minute video were of Father Chen on his way back from the hospital.

Father Chen's taxi had just arrived at a junction not far from the dojo, when a truck carrying steel bars actually went out of control and hit the taxi head-on... Fortunately, the taxi driver was a master and quick-witted. Predicting the path of the swerving truck, he stepped on the gas and accelerated. With a Cyclone Magnum Hurricane, the taxi directly overtook the truck and stopped in the safe zone up ahead.

The truck carrying steel bars hit the roadside barrier, and white smoke started to escape the front of the truck.

"I've been really unlucky today..." In the video, Father Chen turned to look behind him, his expression clearly a little scared as some trepidation still lingered.

In front of his screen, Liang Heng exulted!

He had only used one year of his life, but he almost killed Father Chen...

Being able to sneak around merrily behind the scenes like this made Liang Heng extremely cheerful.

His rival Chen Yi had actually suffered for real after Liang Heng had cursed him yesterday. Not only did he have bad luck for the whole day, he almost died...

And this was only a mild curse!

Liang Heng was excited.

Who knew what the effects of a moderate curse would be like?

Liang Heng raised an eyebrow.

Staring at the completed order in the curse program, he was exhilarated and he couldn't calm down for a long time.

After seeing Father Chen's unlucky day, Liang Heng felt that he couldn't wait any longer...

"I'll see what a moderate curse looks like!" Liang Heng was extremely excited.

Since a mild curse had almost killed Father Chen, would he be half-dead from a moderate curse?

Liang Heng thought for a while.

Then, he typed in a new name on the grim reaper's tongue: Chen Chao...

...

His goal actually wasn't Chen Yi's death, but to make him feel pain.

So if he put a curse on Chen Chao...

As his father, Chen Yi would definitely feel even more pain!

Liang Heng thought he really was too smart!





Chapter 968 The Origin Of Chen Chao's Blessed Mouth


After that day, Chen Chao fell seriously ill, which started with a fever.

Chen Chao had always been very healthy as he had been training since young. The onset of this sudden fever which they had no way of guarding against flustered Father and Mother Chen.

The children's hospital was very crowded as it was the flu season. At this point, neither Father Chen nor Mother Chen thought much about it. No parent would link their child's fever to a "curse"...

On the way to the hospital, Xiaoling replaced the cooling plasters for Chen Chao and tended to him carefully.

Initially, Father Chen wasn't going to have Xiaoling come with them, but the relationship between the two children was really too close. And in the time that he had been taking care of Xiaoling, Father Chen also realized that she might be mute, but she was stubborn: once she made up her mind, it was very hard to get her to change it.

But Mother Chen was worried that Xiaoling would also be infected, and so had taught Xiaoling to take ample precautions. In these two days, everything the Chen family ate revolved around indigowoad root.

Indigowoad root noodle soup, stewed egg with indigowoad root, indigowoad root black tea and so on...

"We don't need so many people to go in. All of you wait outside." After their number was called, Father Chen carried the weak Chen Chao into the clinic on his back. A lot of the parents gave them sidelong glances and made way for them.

"This boy is so pitiful..."

"It might be flu season, but for this boy to have a fever bad enough to make him faint... he's in such bad shape."

Many people had sympathetic expressions on their faces when they saw Chen Chao's miserable appearance.

Most of the people here were parents, so they knew how anxious a parent would be in this situation.

Father Chen had contacted a specialist. From the profile hanging on the door, this specialist was a famous doctor called Liu Min. She specialized in hard-to-treat children's cases, and was the chief internal medicine specialist in this hospital.

Seeing Father Chen come in with Chen Chao on his back, the doctor couldn't help the anxious expression on her face. Liu Min had seen many children today, but this was the first one to have fainted from fever.

"Have you taken his temperature? How high is it?"

"42 degrees... And he seems to be getting hotter..."

"Mm, it's pretty serious. But it's alright, I can cure him." Dr Liu Min was very confident.

"Thank you, doctor." Father Chen sighed with relief.

"It's a minor case; I had one before with a fever of over 70 degrees."

"70 degrees..."

"That's right. Plus, the kid's parents were so broadminded, and even fried eggs on his forehead."

"..."

"I'll cool him down first."

Dr Liu cleaned both her hands and then touched Chen Chao's forehead. Her palms shone with a bright blue light. This was the "Cooling Art," which was just a basic spell that a lot of cultivators could in fact cast themselves. However, it took a long time to cultivate the fundamentals of this spell. Unless you were a medical specialist, most people could only use this spell as a temporary stopgap measure.

But doctors like Dr Liu were different; when they cast this sort of spell, they could thoroughly push down the temperature.

As she cast the spell, Dr Liu also observed the gauge on the hospital bed. The hospital bed was a scientific cultivation magic treasurer jointly developed by the Magic Treasure Research Institute and the Academy of Science. It could monitor all the vitals of a patient lying on it and save them from the pain of running around the different departments in the hospital.

After Dr Liu cast the spell, Chen Chao's temperature dropped from 42 degrees to 39 degrees.

But this still wasn't the normal temperature of a human body.

"It's not working; his temperature isn't going down." Dr Liu shook her head.

"Is it a viral cold?"

"Based on my experience, absolutely not," Dr Liu said. "Is your child practicing some special art?"

"Special art?"

"Yes." Dr Liu nodded and said, "Some parents nowadays are too strict with their children's cultivation before the Foundation Establishment stage. They get their children to pursue advanced arts, but forget to consider whether their children are suited for it. If there is a mismatch, it can cause an abnormal fever like this one."

Father Chen immediately denied it. "My child has always been very healthy. We run a body techniques dojo and I've gotten him to practice the most basic physical exercises all this time rather than pursue some advanced art."

After ruling out the possibility of Chen Chao practicing a special art, Dr Liu frowned. "When did your child's fever start?"

"It was probably in the early hours of this morning, but it was already six o'clock when I found him. That's when he normally starts training. It was only when I went to this room for a look that I realized he had a fever..." Father Chen sighed as he clutched Chen Chao's hand. "Dr Liu, please tell me if you know something."

"Actually, your child is in good health. From my examination of him, we can rule out internal causes for this abnormal fever. But as for external causes... that's out of my hands." Dr Liu Min said seriously, "I wonder, do you have any enemies?"

"Enemies?" Father Chen was stupefied.

At that moment, he suddenly thought of Liang Heng.

Nevertheless, Father Chen couldn't believe that Liang Heng would do such a thing to his child...

What was more, this was just speculation for now. Even if it was Liang Heng behind it, Father Chen currently had no proof.

"Dr Liu, are you saying this is caused by a curse?"

"That's right... Judging from the various symptoms, I suspect that your child's abnormal fever might have been caused by a curse. Our hospital also has a curse-dispelling department, but the curse on your child is a little complicated. Given that we don't know what type of curse it is, it would take at least two days for us to undo it, but these two days would prolong your child's illness."

"Then, then what should I do?" Father Chen was worried.

"An unusual situation has to be handled with unusual means." Dr Liu grit her teeth.

She straightaway wrote a series of words which Father Chen couldn't read on the medical case file, and then stamped it with her own metal seal. "Take this medical record and go to the western part of the city to find my shifu . He might have a way! Please believe me! Your child's illness can't go on like this! Chen Chao's temperature is holding at 39 degrees for now, but this won't last. You must hurry over right now."

"Dr Liu's shifu ? Understood! Thank you, Dr Liu!"

Father Chen was shaken by the conviction in Dr Liu's gaze. Now that things had come to this point, he could only believe her.

...

About two hours later, Father Chen found the place with the address Dr Liu gave him.

This was a Buddhist monastery that had an air of vicissitude about it. Relying on the words Dr Liu had written and the metal seal on the medical record, Father Chen found Dr Liu's shifu .

This was an amiable-looking monk whose hair and beard were already grizzly. His Buddhist robe fell open as he picked up Chen Chao with a soft "Amitabha."

"Amitabha. What devil would put a curse on such a young child... How cruel..."

"Master! Please help my child!"

"Mm, have no fear, benefactor." The Zen master nodded.

Then, Father Chen saw him use the Flower Pinching Finger 1 as he flicked Chen Chao's forehead.

1(A finger skill from Jin Yong's wuxia novel "Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils .. ") A golden aura poured forth and swept away the black qi inside Chen Chao's body.

After that, the Zen master wiped at his sweat. "Don't worry! Your child is fine now."

Father Chen was a little dubious. "Really?"

Zen master: "Mm, it's fine now, benefactor. Your child has already been enlightened."

Father Chen: "..."





Chapter 969 Body Enlightenment Spell


"En- enlightened..." Father Chen was stupefied by this master's statement. In all his years, it was the first time he had heard that a human body could be enlightened...

"I don't usually give people this sort of whole body enlightenment service, but this kid's situation is unusual. Saving a life is better than building a seven-storied pagoda. As for the cost, there's no need to pay." The master smiled and said, "When the child is fully recovered, I hope you'll bring your family here to the monastery and join me in seclusion for half a month."

Father Chen touched Chen Chao's forehead. Although Chen Chao still looked very weak, his fever was indeed gone.

Master Jin Deng's "Body Enlightenment Spell" just now had indeed dispelled the curse.

Father Chen's expression was full of reverence. "What is honorable master's name?"

"This old monk's Buddhist name is Jin Deng."

Master Jin Deng said in a clear voice, "The reason I asked you to join me in seclusion isn't because I want you to work for me, but because I have a feeling that in the next fifteen days, the wicked character behind this will attack you again. My monastery is a little shabby, but it can protect you against evil and turn ill luck into good."

"Many thanks, master!"

Father Chen nodded solemnly.

This incident was too insidious.

Chen Chao, who had always been in good health, suddenly caught a cold, and the hospital couldn't discover what was wrong with his body. In the end, it was revealed that he had been cursed... If it hadn't been for Dr Liu and Master Jin Deng, Chen Chao might have fallen ill and died from this curse this time.

Father Chen couldn't help the cold sweat that burst out on his forehead at this thought.

Liang Heng...

Apart from his endlessly scheming and competitive senior brother, Father Chen truly couldn't think of anyone else he knew who would do such an evil thing.

Father Chen never thought that Liang Heng wouldn't cherish even a bit of their brotherhood ties.

"The matter of seclusion cannot be delayed. The best would be if you're able to come tomorrow."

These were Master Jin Deng's last words to Father Chen before the latter left.

"Thank you, master. After I've organized everything, I'll come over tomorrow." Father Chen nodded.

His next job was to persuade Mother Chen.

Furthermore, Father Chen was also very worried about Xiaoling's mom, so he persuaded her and Xiaoling to go with them to the monastery for seclusion. To Father Chen's surprise, he actually succeeded. This was because Father Chen was originally an atheist who had never prayed to Buddha for help before. Now, he suddenly planned to go into seclusion. Moreover, his attitude was so grave and serious... Mother Chen and Xiaoling's mom were instantly alarmed.

"Master Jin Deng..."

Before she retired to be a housewife, Mother Chen used to do the census.

She repeated the name and pondered over it, somehow feeling that this Buddhist master's Buddhist name sounded familiar.

...

On the first day of seclusion, Father Chen brought Chen Chao, Mother Chen, Xiaoling's mom and Xiaoling to that slightly time-worn monastery. The martial arts dojo was temporarily closed, with Father Chen notifying the students beforehand and telling all of them that he was going on a trip. In order to avoid losing students during this period, he gave each of them two extra free classes.

Actually shutting their business for half a month would have a pretty big impact on the Chen family's income.

But health was more important.

Even if they knew that the person who had cast the curse was Liang Heng, they didn't know how he was doing it or how to ward against it. Fortunately, they had Master Jin Deng to guide them.

"Benefactors, this house is for you. I hope you can cultivate your mind and live a happy life for the next half a month." A young monk led them to a square courtyard house inside the monastery. Father Chen saw that it wasn't just them, but other people had also come for seclusion.

"Thank you very much, little master."

Father Chen made a Buddhist salute. "Oh, by the way, where is master?"

"Shifu is teaching people about Buddhism in the main hall. This is part of his regular 'Today's Teaching' session. If you're interested, you can sit in." The young monk smiled.

Today's Teaching...

For some reason, Father Chen thought the name sounded a little familiar1.

1(Possibly a take on the title for the Chinese program 'Legal Report.') It was Master Jin Deng who was responsible for arranging all the classes during seclusion. Since he was teaching at the moment, it naturally wouldn't be good for Father Chen and the others to disturb him, so Father Chen took everyone to the main hall to sit in on the lesson.

There were also a lot of people there.

They found mats on the side and sat down to listen with great interest.

Father Chen later learned that people regularly came to Master Jin Deng's monastery for seclusion. During this period, you could stay as long as you wanted as long as you paid for water, electricity and accommodation. Besides, accommodation was very cheap.

This Jin Deng Buddhist Temple had many devotees. From this point, it could be seen that this Master Jin Deng was indeed a man of ability.

Every day, there were a lot of people who attended the "Today's Teaching" session, and there were also a lot of questions asked.

Some of them were disciples in seclusion inside the temple, who would come and ask questions whenever they had doubts, and some came from far and wide seeking guidance. All types of questions were asked...

A monkey coder with a bald head asked, "Master Jin Deng! The day before yesterday, two options suddenly popped up on my computer screen, asking me to install a patch or choose to skip... I don't know what to do..."

"Is it a security software prompt?" Master Jin Deng smiled faintly.

"Master has such foresight! It's a 360 Total Security pop-up... Master, please tell me what I should do..."

"Benefactor, you're thinking too much. In fact, you have a third option: uninstall 360 Total Security."

"Master... is wise!"

Everyone: "..."

...

The second question came from a married woman who was in seclusion at the temple. Father Chen heard that she had been waiting in line for a long time to ask a question, and only today was it her turn.

Finally, it was her turn to ask a question, and her eyes were full of tears. "Master... My son is insistent on debuting as an idol. What should I do?"

"An idol? Most children nowadays have this notion; little do they know how deep the waters are, and they can't wade in so casually." Master Jin Deng sighed.

"Master is right! But my son won't listen..." The woman was helpless.

"How about this, I'll write you a poem and you can put it on your son's headboard."

The woman asked, "What sort of poem?"

Taking out a golden sheet of paper, Master Jin Deng recited as he wrote, "An idol, hair parted down the middle, he gets dizzy from fancy dribbling; smokey eye makeup and hand cream, he panics when he plays basketball; suspenders and platform shoes, pants tied with a bow at the waist; he can sing, he can dance, is he male or female2... Done, this is the poem."

2(A description of Chinese idol Cai Xukun whose appointment as a Chinese NBA ambassador was criticized ..) The woman: "Master... you're so powerful..."

Everyone: "Master is amazing..."

"You flatter me."

Master Jin Deng chuckled. "I summarized the current situation of male idols nowadays. I imagine your son is still quite young, and this is the age when he should be studying. If he is diligent and studies hard, he will certainly be successful in the future. One should be down-to-earth at all times."





Chapter 970 The Blessed Mouth's Initial Show Of Strength


Liang Heng received another video, but this time it came with a very official-looking notification.

The notification read:

Dear user, thank you for placing an order with the curse service once again. The curse this time was: Moderate Curse. Because it was blocked, the curse wasn't completed. According to curse service regulations, we do not give refunds in the event that the curse is blocked during the process, except for when a natural disaster such as an earthquake or tsunami occurs in the spellcaster's vicinity.

Liang Heng: "..."

That was a little unfair!

Liang Heng clicked open the latest video and realized that it was very short, even shorter than what was uploaded onto Bilibili, the biggest dove farm in the world 1 . Most importantly, freaking opening and end credits had been added to pad the video's length...

1("Dove" is used to refer to those who are very slow to update.) In the video, Father Chen attended to Chen Chao and then took Chen Chao to the children's hospital on his back, but the video abruptly cut off after they arrived at the hospital, and was replaced with white noise.

"Someone interfered with the curse?" Liang Heng checked the program notification again and again.

He had inadvertently obtained this curse program from Zhe Ge, and his first try had been a resounding success - how had the other party become aware of it?

Was it possible that an expert had lent a hand?

Liang Heng thought of this possibility.

At that moment, the program beeped.

It was a second notification from the curse program, which read: "Since the person who dispelled the curse is so powerful, we recommend that you use the high-level curses and curse package!"

Liang Heng: "..."

"Dear, are you getting a card 2 ? Top it up with ten years of your life to be a member and enjoy a twenty percent discount."

2(Adapted from a line in the second season of the Chinese drama "Greeting Your Imperial Highness .. ") Liang Heng: "Ten years for just twenty percent..."

"This special deal is for junior members; dear, you can consider a top up of fifty years. That's for the highest level diamond members! You can enjoy a fifty percent discount! And it comes with a special curse service, which can make you play basketball forever like a certain someone..."

This was too malicious...

The system notification might not have directly mentioned a name, but Liang Heng could already guess who it referred to.

Putting that aside, this malicious special service was truly alarming.

Not just anyone could endure the loss of fifty years of their life in one go.

He had previously calculated how long he could live for, which was until two hundred years old. Factoring in the years he had used up for the curse program, he only had over one hundred years left.

The first curse had used one year of his life, which had tired him out. The second had used five years, and he had grown a lot of white hair overnight... These were all stress responses to his lifespan being sucked out.

The loss of fifty years of his life in one go would probably make him unable to move.

He was worried.

Suddenly, he recalled the more wicked method he had thought of previously, and that was to have his own students help out.

After all, they didn't know about the curse program.

He just need to trick them into clicking the mouse.

Crowdfunding the years of one's life!

Liang Heng had decided on his next move.

...

Elsewhere, Chen Chao was bored by the life of seclusion at the temple. He didn't even know why he had to go into seclusion there - when he woke up, he was already in the monastery.

After the curse had been dispelled by the blessing, his memories before and after the fever had been affected, which could lead to memory loss.

Master Jin Deng had already spoken to Father Chen about this.

Although there might be some memory loss, it was harmless to the body.

But Chen Chao still wanted to know exactly what had happened last night.

Xiaoling's mom told him that he had come down with a very high fever, but didn't give any details at all, which aggrieved him.

Suddenly taking him to the monastery, without a single thing on him... Even if he could devote all his energy to cultivating during the day, without e-books, games, or WIFI at night, he felt like dying!

Could a modern person live without WIFI?!

Next to him, Wang Xiaoling also didn't say anything. Chen Chao knew that she had a rough understanding of what was going on, but the problem was that she couldn't speak and couldn't even understand all her letters yet - it would probably be impossible for her to write it down.

Then, at that moment, Chen Chao thought of a way: Draw Something!

If she couldn't write, she should still be able to draw, right?

And so, Chen Chao found paper and brush, and after finding an open space in the backyard, he started to play this game with Wang Xiaoling.

Chen Chao said to Xiaoling, "Xiaoling, let's play Draw Something. You draw what happened yesterday. If I guess right, nod your head, and if I guess wrong, you can shake it."

She nodded her head.

She drew a few pictures in a row and numbered them.

The first picture was Balance Magic Center's logo; she wanted to tell Chen Chao that everything was caused by a curse cast by the chief of Balance Magic Center.

She hadn't known about this at first, but Father Chen had told her mom the whole story last night in order to persuade her to come to the temple, and on the side, Xiaoling had also heard it.

The second picture was of fire; she wanted to tell Chen Chao that he had gotten a fever last night.

The third was of the hospital's "cross" - Xiaoling even added "120" next to it to refer to the hospital.

In the fourth picture, Xiaoling had drawn a baldy with a red glove smashing a human skull to pieces. The skull represented the curse, and the baldy referred to Master Jin Deng who had blessed Chen Chao.

Such clear composition and the logical train of thought in the drawings instantly dumbfounded Chen Chao, who had never expected Xiaoling to actually be so talented at drawing.

The fourth picture looked just like Saitama-sensei fighting Overlord!

After that, the drawings were done.

Wang Xiaoling put down the brush and relaxed. Actually, she was quite confident in her drawing skills. Since she couldn't speak, she often spent her time at the junkyard polishing up her drawing skills with old brushes that had been thrown away. However, she wasn't sure if Chen Chao would understand them or not.

Staring at the four drawings, Chen Chao praised Wang Xiaoling for a long time before he burst out laughing. "Hahaha! Xiaoling, I can't believe you're so good at drawing. With your four drawings, I completely understand what happened!

"Your first and second drawings tell me that Balance Magic Center caught fire! My dad dialed 120!"

"..."

"The reason for the fire was because Balance Magic Center was hiding a weapon of mass destruction! But that Chief Liang absolutely refused to admit it."

"..."

"Finally, who knows for what reason, a senior monk from this monastery destroyed the weapon with one punch!"

"..."

As soon as Chen Chao said the words.

In the distance where Balance Magic Center was.

With a boom.

A mushroom cloud rose on the horizon.





Chapter 971 Tragic Liang Heng


There was a huge explosion in Balance Magic Center, and news of it spread like wildfire that night.

Liang Heng got what he deserved!

Father Chen didn't know what was going on, but somehow felt extremely relieved.

"My god, you don't know how big that mushroom cloud was! Fortunately, there wasn't anyone around, or it would have been a tragedy!"

"Why did it explode?"

"I heard it was a laptop that exploded; its Boeing battery overheated and went out of control before it exploded!"

"Then what's the deal with the mushroom cloud?"

"There are some laptops on the market now that are manufactured according to magic treasure configurations, and they all use spirit nuclear power; a laptop can go several decades without needing to be recharged. But Chief Liang was really unlucky with his laptop; there were quality issues with the spirit cores of that model, and they were recalled before. Maybe Chief Liang was too busy to bother; it's no wonder it blew up."

"..."

The spirit core itself was an energy crystal made from dense spirit power molecules. The principle was similar to General Yi's Palm Sword and the Old Devil's Chaos Ball, both of which were based on the compression of spirit power.

And the fact that this technology was already on the market meant that it was already highly sophisticated, so normally speaking, the chances of an explosion happening was 0.01%, which was the probability of a plane crashing... or winning the lottery.

So, Chief Liang won the lottery...

And furthermore had hit the top jackpot.

Wang Ling watched Chen Chao's memory play out through Wang Xiaoling's eyes.

In Wang Ling's own memory, he did indeed remember news of this back then, but he never expected the cause of the explosion to actually be Chen Chao's blessed mouth...

It had to be said that this Master Jin Deng was pretty strong! A single body enlightenment spell could actually create such an effect...

Experts lurked among the people - the world had always been filled with plenty of fantastic oddities. Wang Ling felt that he himself was one such example - born invincible, was there anything more bizarre than that...

It could only be said that Master Jin Deng was an enigma, an unusual person with sublime thoughts.

Given Master Jin Deng's capability, Wang Ling felt that it wouldn't be difficult for the former to make a name for himself in the cultivation world as long as he wanted to.

But in the end, this master still operated his own run-down temple and used his wisdom to enlighten others, living a quiet and ordinary life...

It was worth learning such a state.

...

After returning from the temple, Father Chen asked some students about Liang Heng. It was said that Liang Heng was in very wretched condition; he had been right in the middle of the explosion, and had burns to 85% of his body.

A crappy parent who taught his kid how to bully others with fireball spells in the end was injured himself in a massive explosion - what a tragic end indeed...

When the explosion happened, alarmed residents all along the street came over to put out the fire. Each household sent out water talismans in the air, and for a moment it looked like the annual performance of the flooding of Jinshan Temple 1 .

1(From the Chinese folktale of the Legend of the White Snake.) The local fire brigade and ambulance hurried over in time to completely control the fire and rescue Liang Heng.

"Chief Liang is too unlucky..." When a student spoke to Father Chen about Chief Liang in class that day, he still shuddered with fear. He had already paid Liang Heng a visit, so he was more aware of Liang Heng's situation.

Actually, the main reason for his visit wasn't because he was worried about Liang Heng, but that the students were curious about what Chief Liang with burns looked like...

"Chief Liang... how is he?" Father Chen said, "I'm wondering whether I should visit him and bring a fruit basket..." No matter how bad a person Liang Heng was, he was still Father Chen's senior brother from the same sect... Besides, Father Chen thought it would be hard for Liang Heng to stir up trouble again after receiving this retribution.

"Teacher Chen, you better not send anything. I brought him a fruit basket yesterday, but when I got there, I realized that he couldn't eat at all... Chief Liang was burned to the point of becoming a mummy..."

"A mummy..."

"That's right. The doctor said that for some reason, Chief Liang's organs have aged severely. Otherwise, his injuries could still recover with time... When the explosion happened, I went over to have a look. When Chief Liang was carried into the ambulance, it looked like even his nails had been burned off."

"You really noticed everything..."

"It's impossible not to notice 2 !"

2(The actual Chinese phrase used literally translates to "cat staring at crotch," which is used to describe the obvious bulge in a guy's pants ..) "..."

"Chief Liang's life was saved, but he's going to be a cripple from now on; his organs are so badly damaged that they've been replaced with artificial ones, which isn't fully covered by medical insurance; it might be a long time before Chief Liang can pay off his medical bills."

...

Father Chen didn't sleep until much later that night. After thinking about it for a long time, he still decided to collect some donations on the cultivation forum for Liang Heng. Liang Heng had gotten his retribution, but his family members shouldn't have to suffer for it. When Father Chen saw Liang Heng's wife trying to raise money by selling their real estate, he couldn't bear it.

All the family property and real estate, as well as the fees Liang Heng had collected from his students all these years, wouldn't be enough to cover his costly medical bills.

Even if they wanted to file an insurance claim with the computer manufacturing company, the company had done a recall of the computer model before, so from a legal point of view, it wasn't as if the company hadn't taken steps to address the problem.

"It'll be tough for the Liang family from now on." Father Chen sighed.

Looking at his rival of so many years collapse just like that, seemingly on the verge of death, Father Chen's heart was actually a little sorrowful.

There was no way he would make a donation himself.

But it was possible to do some charitable work.

"Dad, are you really going to help him?" Chen Chao didn't really understand Father Chen's behavior.

"He has always liked to compete with me, but in recent years, he became a little more obsessive. He was quite aggressive when we were at school, but he actually wasn't a bad person."

Recalling the old days, Father Chen shared his thoughts. "Son, you'll understand once you start school. Your time at school will be fleeting, but wonderful."

"But I heard from some of the older brothers that school is tiring and there's endless homework..."

"That's just one side of it. Once you and Xiaoling start school, you'll understand that your school days are the happiest; a lot of people only realize this after they start working."

"But I heard that Chief Liang is going to die soon, so these donations will be useless, won't they?" Chen Chao said.

"The hospital has already saved his life. While there's still some danger, it's not a big problem..."

As Father Chen said this, he suddenly remembered the silk pouch which Master Jin Deng had given him when Father Chen and his group left the Buddhist temple.

Father Chen still remembered what Master Jin Deng had said.

Master Jin Deng said Chen Chao would suffer a calamity when he was sixteen, but if they chose the right school for him, he would survive it.

Then the master gave Father Chen this silk pouch and told him only to open it once he returned home.

"What's inside the silk pouch?"

"Don't worry."

Father Chen opened the silk pouch and looked inside. "Master chose a high school for you to attend when the time comes. It's already late; go to bed. I'm going to write a post for donations for Chief Liang."

"Oh..."

...

Father Chen spent roughly half an hour drafting the post. Just as he was about to send it out, a notice suddenly appeared in his university class group, which had been quiet for a long time, and all the members were @'ed in it. "Condolences on Classmate Liang Heng's death..."

Father Chen was shocked. "Wasn't his life no longer in danger..."

Someone in the know replied, "I confirmed it with the hospital just now. He contracted a serious infection and didn't survive the critical stage, sigh !"

Seeing the news in the group, Father Chen turned to look in the direction of Chen Chao's bedroom and felt a chill run down his body for some reason.





Chapter 972 Guo Ping's Visit


Withdrawing from Chen Chao's memory, Wang Ling pondered for a long while at his table.

His concluding remarks in his composition on Chen Chao was like this:

"When we are young, we might waver and feel helpless, but we still grow in the end. When you don't know the right path to choose, just become a man of indomitable spirit! You who stand on the mountaintop bathed in the sunlight, you seem so dazzling... as if you've been blessed..."

...

September 6th was the twenty-fourth day of the summer break. The day Earth would be establishing diplomatic relations with extraterrestrials was also approaching. There was one person's name on everyone's lips during this period, and that was Guo Ping, the scientist who had gone missing and was assumed dead on an exploratory mission of Divine Dao Star, before he was found to be alive.

It thus made sense for him to become their diplomatic ambassador who would be responsible for establishing diplomatic relations between the entire cultivation world and alien lifeforms in the universe.

Guo Hao was utterly thrilled by this. A huge figure had truly appeared in the Guo family this time; among all of Guo Hao's many uncles, Guo Ping had clearly leapt to the top as the strongest uncle.

Guo Hao indeed found this hugely unexpected; this was because after their trip to Divine Dao Star last time, Wang Ling had replaced the memories of everyone from Number 60 High, so Guo Hao had utterly no impression of this Uncle Guo of his; what was in his memory was just a regular game NPC.

"Bloody hell! Let me tell you, Guo Ping is actually my uncle, believe it or not!" In the Wechat small group chat, Guo Hao sent an astonished emoji.

"I believe it! But why didn't you send this to the class group chat? There's more people there!" Chen Chao was amused.

"It's still better to not make a big deal out of it. You're all my buddies, there's nothing for me to worry about in telling you. Other people may not buy it," said Guo Hao.

Where there were people, there was envy. Guo Hao had thought about it before refraining from flaunting the fact that Guo Ping was his uncle; this was for his own good as well as Guo Ping's.

If word got out, people might think he was talking big. If it reached some teacher who took it seriously and wanted him to invite Guo Ping to school to give a speech, that would be a real disaster.

Actually, Guo Hao was quite self-aware. While it was true that Guo Ping was his uncle by blood, the problem was that they weren't close enough for him to call this uncle as he liked.

"Are you very close with Guo Ping?" Su Xiao asked at that moment.

Guo Hao: "Not really... but my dad should be. He should still have Guo Ping's contact. We have a Guo family WeChat group, and Uncle Guo Ping did join it before, but the group has been inactive for a long time. After I changed phones, if no one sends a message in the group, I probably wouldn't be able to find it."

Chen Chao: "I saw your uncle on TV; for some reason, he feels familiar, like I've seen him somewhere before... He looks like the NPC of some game."

Wang Ling: "..."

Guo Hao: "Wang Ling, you're lurking again!"

Chen Chao laughed. "Hasn't he always been like this? What, is this your first time meeting him?"

They discussed Guo Ping in the group chat all the way until noon. There was no helping it - as the cosmic peace ambassador who would be establishing diplomatic relations with extraterrestrials, Guo Ping had already been in the headlines for days.

Not only that, now that the cultivation world had links to these alien lifeforms, more and more information on these aliens as provided by Divine Dao Star were starting to appear in the public eye.

Of course, the information online which had been made public was only part of the data, and didn't even make up five percent. During Divine Dao Star's extremely aggressive encroachment of the universe, they practically annexed over ninety percent of planets with intelligent lifeforms. However, the Divine Dragons never ever expected to ultimately be defeated by people from Earth.

...

That very night after they chatted about Guo Ping in the group chat, a person came to the Wang family's small villa. Er Ha was lying on its stomach at the entrance, and when it looked up, it saw a man whose face was covered up and who was completely wrapped up in bandages. Hands in his pockets, the man slunk toward the entrance.

"Who are you?"

Er Ha got up and opened its mouth right away.

Although it didn't sense any hostility from this person, it still retained a level of vigilance.

"You can actually talk without changing forms?" The visitor stared blankly when Er Ha spoke in human language. He then took off his sunglasses, face mask, sun hat and coat, as well as the bandages wrapped around him. Finally, he suddenly peeled off a layer of skin from his face.

This was a ready-made transfiguration mask sold on the market. It could also be custom-made, and all types of celebrity styles were available. It was similar to applying a facial mask; after it was on for five minutes, the mask would transform into the appearance you wanted.

But to buy a transfiguration mask, one had to register with their real name and the transaction had to be recorded to prevent people from using the mask for illegal dealings.

Huaxiu Alliance also strictly regulated the rights to produce transfiguration masks. Illegally producing them was a severe crime, and one could be sentenced to five hundred years and more if caught and found guilty.

"..." Er Ha gaped in surprise at the entrance.

This person spent a full five minutes removing all the components of his disguise - from head to toe, even all his leg hair had been completely covered.

When he revealed his true self, realization suddenly dawned on Er Ha; it had seen this middle-aged man before.

No kidding...

It was impossible not to have seen him before! He had been all over TV in these two days!

"Hello, I'm Guo Ping." The middle-aged uncle introduced himself.

"Ask him why he's here." Wang Ling spoke telepathically to Er Ha from his bedroom on the second floor.

He hadn't expected Guo Ping to come by the villa in the evening after talking about him in the group chat just that morning.

Wang Ling felt it was a little strange. He remembered that he had replaced Guo Ping's memories. Although Wang Ling had indeed acted on Divine Dao Star, to Guo Ping's mind after his memories were replaced, the strongest person among those present should have been Bai Qiao.

Logically speaking, Wang Ling should be a nobody after Guo Ping's memories were replaced!

Why was Guo Ping suddenly calling on him?

"I'm here to meet Ling Zhenren," Guo Ping replied.

"Nope, my little master is busy with his homework and very busy," said Er Ha.

"Let me help him with it then." Guo Ping smiled.

Er Ha: "..."

Shock! The famous scholar of Huaxiu's Magic Treasure Research Institute and currently the popular cosmic diplomatic peace ambassador Guo Ping is actually helping a senior high school student with his homework... Is this the degeneration of humanity or a loss of morality?!

"You don't have to refuse me like that - Wang Ming that fellow already told me everything. Also, I helped him out in the beginning with upgrading the talisman. I've come this time just to thank Ling Zhenren." Guo Ping smiled helplessly.

"Thank him?"

"That's right. Wang Ming said that it was Ling Zhenren who provided the energy string which allowed me to travel through space for so long. If it wasn't for Ling Zhenren, I might still be drifting out in space right now."

"..."





Chapter 973 Trouble Has Arrived


Guo Ping had come just when it was time for dinner. Although he had come uninvited, he was after all a prominent figure right now. Furthermore, Wang Ling never knew that Guo Ping had contributed to the research on his talisman upgrade.

If one had to know, even President Qi, who was like a father to Wang Ming, had been kept in the dark about the talisman seal.

Mother Wang was a little overwhelmed. "Teacher Guo has come today for..."

"It's nothing; my nephew is Wang Ling's classmate and has received a lot of care from Wang Ling. I dropped by today to look for Wang Ling and a bite, if possible," said Guo Ping.

"..." Mother Wang was taken aback when she heard this. This Teacher Guo was unexpectedly acting overly familiar with them.

But the Wang family was as hospitable as always, and naturally wouldn't turn away someone who had already come, so Mother Wang could only invite him to stay for dinner. Old Man Wang had invented a new dish, and when he saw that the celebrity who had been all over TV in the last few days had dropped by the villa, his face brightened happily. "Teacher Guo came at the right time; you must try my new dish tonight."

"I heard that grandfather is good at cooking; I will definitely make myself at home," said Guo Ping politely.

"Teacher Guo, you flatter me. My new dish tonight is an iced red bayberry pastry. After removing the ice bayberry flesh, I turned it into a pulp to use as filling in dough balls, which I then rolled into dough twists and deep fried at a high temperature to produce this bayberry pastry. It's full of flavor and leaves a rich aftertaste." As soon as his new dish was brought up, the old man couldn't stop chattering.

"Grandfather, you're so impressive." Guo Ping was blank as he listened, and he laughed. "Also, you don't have to call me Teacher Guo; Little Guo is fine."

"Very well, Little Guo. Since you're here for Ling Ling, I'll call him down," said Mother Wang.

"Don't trouble yourself, auntie, I'll do it," said Guo Ping.

On the second floor, Wang Ling heard the conversation downstairs and sighed in his heart.

It was only halfway through his tranquil summer break, but now this bug had shown up.

Wang Ling was also puzzled by Guo Ping's appearance, since Wang Ming had never even so much as hinted at Guo Ping's involvement before. After all, creating the talisman seal was an important thing.

Just now, Wang Ling had already texted Wang Ming to ask about it, but the latter had yet to reply.

Wang Ling suddenly missed the dumbass who would usually reply in seconds.

Wang Ling didn't know what Guo Ping was like, but through this encounter, he felt that Guo Ping was really overly familiar with him and didn't think of himself as an outsider at all.

Guo Ping made his way up to the second floor with confidence, as if he had investigated beforehand and knew exactly where Wang Ling's bedroom was.

When he passed by Father Wang's study, he even stepped more lightly - he obviously knew of Father Wang's identity. Looking at this, Wang Ming had indeed told Guo Ping a lot about them.

Arriving at the door to Wang Ling's bedroom, Guo Ping knocked on it, but there wasn't any response at all. Then, just as he turned the doorknob, a human face suddenly appeared on the bedroom door.

After the last few times Mother Wang had barged into Wang Ling's bedroom without knocking, Wang Ling had already enlightened the door.

This new member of the enlightened party was the door guardian, whose full name was Nagato.

"Our master is not receiving guests today." The door guardian was very straightforward. "If you insist on intruding, I'll have to use the Shinra Tensei 1 on you."

1(From the series "Naruto," the name of the character Nagato in Chinese literally translates to 'long door .. ') "Your door is quite interesting." Guo Ping laughed. Although the door suddenly speaking had given him a scare, he very quickly calmed down.

He was well aware of Wang Ling's secret, and thus wasn't too surprised by the various oddities in the Wang family's small villa.

He knew Wang Ling was avoiding him on purpose, most likely because Wang Ming hadn't told Wang Ling about this beforehand.

These two days, the research institute had been busy receiving aliens and analyzing their cultures. With the incorporation of some methods furnished by these cultures, the institute had made unexpected breakthroughs in a lot of their research which had yet to see results before this.

Wang Ming had thus been using his brain very heavily in the last two days. Guo Ping thought that the reason why Wang Ling wouldn't meet him was probably because Wang Ming had yet to wake up.

After he overused his brain, Wang Ming would fall into a very deep coma, which was often accompanied by a very high fever which at its highest could be 70 or 80 degrees... An ordinary person's brain would have long been fried.

So to prevent this from happening, Wang Ming installed a cooling system in his brain.

Hence, while Wang Ming's temperature seemed very high on the surface, the temperature inside his skull was actually normal.

Seeing that he couldn't enter, Guo Ping was a little anxious. Since he couldn't get hold of Wang Ming, he could only call Zhai Yin. "Hello? Little Yin? Has Lao Gudong Ming woken up?"

"Not yet." On the other end of the phone, Zhai Yin replied, "His stress reaction this time was more serious; it might take another day or so to cool down."

"Another day? It's already been several days, right? He hasn't mentioned the fact that I would be dropping by the Wang family's small villa, and his little brother won't let me in..."

"Did you bring any crispy noodle snacks with you?"

"No."

"Then I'm afraid you won't be able to get in today."

"..."

"How about this: I'll explain the situation to them later since I also know of it, and I'm more familiar with his little brother than you are."

"Alright, I'll have to trouble Little Yinzi. Are you cooking? I can hear something frying?"

"I'm frying steak," said Zhai Yin.

"Aren't gas stoves forbidden inside the institute..." Guo Ping had a suspicion look in his eyes ¬_¬` since Zhai Yin's fried dragon pork had almost killed President Qi.

Since that day, the research institute had banned the use of all equipment which could be used for cooking such as simple gas stoves, induction cookers, microwave ovens and so on. Even those magic treasures which could generate heat and light fires were contained under President Qi's orders. Apart from designated staff, no one was allowed to borrow any, especially not Zhai Yin...

Theirs was an institute of science and technology, not of biological weapons...

The lethality of Zhai Yin's dragon pork could even be said to be deeply imbued with Mother Juan's flavor; as for exactly what it was like to eat it, only President Qi knew...

Although Guo Ping hadn't been back long, he was already well acquainted with Zhai Yin and her cooking.

At present, there were ten laboratory levels in the research institute. The higher the level, the stricter the safety and isolation protocols in order to prevent chemical spills and unusual gases from leaking while research was being carried out.

And as tests had shown, a level ten lab couldn't guard against Zhai Yin's dragon pork... It had to be level eleven at least.

"Old Qi won't let me cook, and I've been itching to do so for a long time. Don't worry, I'm not using a gas stove or induction cooker. I just thought that since Wang Ming's fever is pretty high this time, it would be a waste not to use it."

"You're frying a steak on a person's head?" Guo Ping was horrified.

"It's already medium rare; you can try it when you get back. Do you want some black pepper on it?" answered Zhai Yin.





Chapter 974 A New Enemy


After the battle triggered by Devil Gut Fungus Lord on the border of Mixiu nation, new fortifications had been put up there. Although Devil Gut Fungus Lord was already dead, it had seriously contaminated the environment around the border, like a nuclear disaster, and it was a more troublesome problem that needed some time to be contained.

At the same time, Devil Gut Fungus Lord's death had also gotten rid of President Bai, who had been devoured and eliminated along with him.

After a purification system with automatic cleaning properties was deployed at the defense base on the border, cultivators could not longer set foot there.

Outside the high wall, a young man with white hair and bursting with vigor appeared, an enigmatic smile on his face.

"Mose would like to remind you that you're not allowed to enter this place; please leave in thirty seconds, otherwise the alarm defense system will be automatically activated."

"Defense system?" The white-haired young man smiled. The next moment, his pupils rotated and a formidable wave of spirit power shot out to instantly burn a huge hole in the high wall.

Mose let out a weak electronic voice. "Of course, it's always too much to ask humans to remain rational."

...

"It's there." After he entered, the young man floated up off the ground as he fixed his eyes on a particular location.

It was where Devil Gut Fungus Lord had been destroyed and where the aura was the thickest.

"Be revived." The young man opened his palm, and pure white light enveloped and burned the ground with a hissing sound.

...

*Hiss hiss... *

When Wang Ming woke up, he could clearly smell the aroma of black pepper beef. Furthermore, it seemed to fill his head, as if it was on top of him...

That wasn't right; why did he smell steak?

He was just about to get up, when Zhai Yin pressed him down. "Don't move!"

Wang Ming: "???"

Zhai Yin picked up the steak on Wang Ming's head with a pair of tongs, then poked at it. "Tch, it's only forty percent done..."

Wang Ming was stunned. "So you were using my forehead as an induction cooker?"

"I haven't cooked for a long time since Old Qi won't let me. And after you passed out, I thought it would be a pity not to make use of this resource." Zhai Yin pointed at the steaks she had just fried which were piled on a plate on the table. "I just fried ten steaks or so, want to try them?"

Wang Ming wiped at his sweat. "You can keep this biochemistry weapon for yourself..."

"So narrow-minded!"

Zhai Yin pursed her lips and put down the beef. "You need to rest more. If you overload your brain, it's going to be a problem. Old Qi has given you half a month of leave, and you're allowed to go out in civilian clothing. During this time, I'll stick close to you."

"I know." Wang Ming nodded. "And establishing contact with the aliens?"

"Lao Guo and the others will handle it. After he came back, his disciples also came back, and they're very quick to do things." Zhai Yin said, "When you were unconscious, Lao Guo called and said that he went to your little brother's place but couldn't meet him. Do you know what's going on?"

Wang Ming patted his head; he had almost forgotten about it. He had never told Wang Ling about Guo Ping's involvement in the study of the talisman, and he had his own reasons for this.

The main reason he had pulled Guo Ping into the research back then was to have him analyze the material of the talisman seal and then manufacture the talisman's main suppressive ingredient, namely the "Anti-Wang Ling Matter." Guo Ping had had his own unique reasoning and ideas when it came to analyzing this thing.

Sometimes, scientific research was similar to writing, and it often needed inspiration or a different way of thinking.

"I'll talk to Lao Guo myself about this later. Also, give me the dream restorer," said Wang Ming.

The dream restorer was a magic treasure which Wang Ming had invented for fun; it could restore the dreams a person had in a span of twenty-four hours. The dreams people had were transient memories which they would often forget after waking up, so a dream restorer like this was very convenient.

Wang Ming sometimes had dreams in which he bullied Wang Ling, and after reconstructing these dreams, he would often record and edit them into a blockbuster film that didn't even need the addition of cheap special effects!

"You dreamed that you bullied your little brother again?" Zhai Yin sneered. She was already used to this bro-con's style - he had created this dream restorer just so that he could reconstruct the dreams of him bullying his little brother... Zhai Yin swore that she had never met a more perverted bro-con.

"Aren't you a little too unhappy when I dream about my little brother?" Wang Ming raised his eyebrow. "When you cook in the future, you don't need to add vinegar..."

"What's that supposed to mean?" Zhai Yin glared at Wang Ming like a leopard gazing at its prey.

Wang Ming was instantly terrified. "Never mind, it's nothing... Nowadays, people like to eat lemons, and it's actually very normal for it to be a little sour... So, you decide where we'll go tomorrow... I won't go to my little brother's place "

"That's more like it." Darting a sidelong glance at Wang Ming, Zhai Yin then took out a brocade pouch and pulled the "dream restorer" out of it.

As Wang Ming's bodyguard and assistant, Zhai Yin now helped him carry some of the magic treasures which he often used.

Zhai Yin: "Take it, I'm going to go figure out where we should go tomorrow."

Wang Ming: "Alright..."

The reason why he wanted to use the dream restorer today wasn't for any other reason but that he was very concerned about the dream he just had.

Mixiu nation's purifying defense base on the border and the white-haired young man who had suddenly showed up there... Wang Ming could only vaguely remember the scene.

Wang Ming actually knew about Mixiu nation building a defense base after the elimination of Devil Gut Fungus Lord; previously, a collaborative research team had even come over with questions about their design blueprint

But Wang Ming had never been to this border defense base.

However, the entire base had actually appeared in his dream and everything seemed so real, which made Wang Ming feel a little uneasy.

He couldn't forget the smile on the white-haired youngster's face. From beginning to end, moreover, the young man had seemed a little familiar...

"How strange." Wang Ming frowned - he had never had such an odd dream before.

When he put on the dream restorer helmet, that dream which he had had while unconscious was reconstructed.

He saw a defense base with towering walls like the Great Wall.

He also saw that strange white-haired youngster who felt familiar to him in the dream.

At that moment, that youngster turned around and smiled at him.

He had the exact same face as Wang Ling...





Chapter 975 Wang Ling and Er Ha Revisit an Old Haunt


A face exactly like Wang Ling's.

This left Wang Ming in deep thought.

He couldn't be any more familiar with that face, yet it was also unfamiliar at the same time; the boy had snow-white hair and a smile rarely seen on Wang Ling's face.

This definitely wasn't the Wang Ling whom Wang Ming was familiar with...

Was someone imitating his little brother's face? Or was the dream a premonition?

Wang Ming felt that there was something odd about the whole thing.

"What's the matter?"

When Zhai Yin returned, she noticed that Wang Ming's face didn't look good.

"It's nothing." Wang Ming shook his head. His eyes turned to Zhai Yin. "Contact Roger and ask him if there's been any attack on Mixiu's border base."

"Alright." Zhai Yin nodded and didn't ask why.

Roger was an overseas friend of Wang Ming's in Mixiu's magic treasure research institute, and they were very close. When Mixiu constructed the border defense base this time, it was Roger who had sought Wang Ming out on details in the design blueprint. It was also Roger who named Mose, the border defense system's AI robot.

...

Although Guo Ping had dinner at the Wang family's small villa, he ultimately had yet to say much to Wang Ling. Wang Ling didn't know anything about Guo Ping at all, and before Wang Ming clearly explained the situation, Wang Ling chose to keep his silence as usual. Even when he had to open his mouth, he didn't waste words.

At the dinner table, Guo Ping complimented him, "Student Wang Ling has quite the character. I like it."

Wang Ling: "Mm."

Father Wang and Mother Wang: "..."

Guo Ping: "You seem to have a good relationship with my nephew?"

Wang Ling: "Mm."

Father Wang and Mother Wang: "..."

Guo Ping: "Student Wang Ling really... doesn't waste words at all! Do you have any words other than 'mm'?"

Wang Ling: "Oh."

Father Wang and Mother Wang: "..."

Wang Ling had always been impassive when it came to people he was unfamiliar with. Father Wang and Mother Wang had specially brought this up before and felt that their son's behavior was actually very impolite. But over time, they got used to it. After all, Wang Ling was a Capricorn: it was really hard for him to get along with someone he didn't know...

Personality-wise, Guo Ping just so happened to be the opposite. He was naturally easy-going and very enthusiastic about everything. His personality was in sharp contrast to Wang Ling's, and for a time, the latter felt at a loss.

Before he left, Guo Ping received a reply from Wang Ming, who was already awake and had gotten Roger to check on the border.

Wang Ming knew that Guo Ping was still at the Wang family's small villa. Given Wang Ling's personality, Guo Ping must have gotten the "cold-shoulder treatment" when he dropped by; Wang Ming knew his brother's personality too well. He apologized to Guo Ping and blamed himself, not necessarily with the intention of protecting Wang Ling, but largely because he hadn't communicated with Wang Ling about it this time.

But Guo Ping wasn't bothered, since he was the one who had shamelessly dropped by to begin with, with the intention of feeling Wang Ling out.

While they hadn't exchanged many words, it could still be said that he now had a preliminary understanding of Wang Ling.

This was a seemingly mediocre high school student who was anything but.

As he was leaving, Guo Ping said to Wang Ling, "Student Wang Ling, shall we go to a noodle shop tomorrow? That shop does fried crispy noodle snacks."

This time, Wang Ling finally said a third word other than "mm" and "oh."

Wang Ling: "Okay."

Guo Ping was stunned. He had asked so many questions before, but the guy had appeared uninterested in all of them. In the end, at the mention of crispy noodle snacks, he felt that Wang Ling's eyes could set off nuclear bombs... Could this thing be the passcode?

...

The address of the noodle shop which Wang Ming gave to Guo Ping and Wang Ling was none other than Number 3600 Spirit Stream Road, the spot where Wang Ling had killed the Tuntian Ha when he was six and the location of the original crispy noodle snack flagship store. Furthermore, Fang Xing's family's noodle shop was next to the flagship store, and Fang Xing had been the first witness when Wang Ling killed the Tuntian Ha back then.

Despite Fang Xing's ongoing invitation, Wang Ling had never been to Fang Xing's family's noodle shop. Now it just so happened to be the summer break, and after writing a personal composition on Chen Chao, Wang Ling thought it was time for him to go out to collect materials and look for inspiration before writing the next personal composition.

It was September 7th, the twenty-fifth day of the summer break.

Early that morning, with Er Ha on a leash, Wang Ling headed for Fang Xing's place. Why had he brought Er Ha with him? Actually, this was deliberate on Wang Ling's part. After all, when Er Ha had descended from the sky back then, that had been a traumatic experience for Wang Ling

Er Ha actually felt very aggrieved. How was this so-called mental traumatic its fault? And even if there was trauma, could it be as big as Er Ha's? It had been killed three times! Three! Furthermore, even its species had changed in the end, hey!

The Fang family had taken Fang Xing in. His adoptive parents were good people who raised him and ran a very large noodle shop. Wang Ling heard that the Fang couple would be opening a second shop very soon.

Walking Er Ha, Wang Ling stood on bustling commercial Spirit Stream Road. Directly opposite them was that century-old crispy noodle snack flagship store, and next to it was the noodle shop run by Fang Xing's family.

Right in the center of this commercial street was a life-sized bronze sculpture of Zhuo Yi. There were two parts to it. One was of Zhuo Yi and the other was of Er Ha's original form as the Tuntian Ha. The bronze sculpture had been made to commemorate Zhuo Yi's great achievement six years ago. As for how Zhuo Yi had defeated Er Ha, there actually hadn't been any other witnesses apart from Fang Xing.

So the artist who designed the bronze sculpture made it up.

He made Zhuo Yi very handsome, with a very exaggerated spirit sword in one hand and a valiant expression on the statue's face as it confronted Er Ha's Tuntian Ha bronze statue.

With Er Ha on the leash, Wang Ling looked at the sculpture for a long time. Dozens of seconds later, the bronze sculpture actually moved...

Both master and servant were shocked!

This bronze sculpture could actually move!

The bronze statue of Zhuo Yi stabbed the sword into Er Ha's stomach. Then, the bronze statue of Er Ha started to spurt water out of its mouth, the beautiful spray sprinkling the ring of plants around it...

Wang Ling and Er Ha: "..."

But that still wasn't the most ridiculous thing.

There was a reticulation system at the base of the sculpture.

The vegetation had been planted in manmade spirit soil, which absorbed extra moisture that was then drained. This extra water then reaccumulated in the belly of Er Ha's bronze statue for reuse via the reticulation system.

Er Ha was thus stabbed every five minutes.

In front of the bronze sculpture, Er Ha rubbed its own stomach and somehow felt that it hurt...





Chapter 976 Noodle Shop Discussion


When Wang Ling led Er Ha inside, Guo Ping and Wang Ming were drinking tea, and a LCD sign on the door of the noodle shop read "Closed."

Knowing that Wang Ling would be coming today, Fang Xing had talked to his foster parents last night about closing the shop, not only in consideration of Wang Ling, but also of Guo Ping's and Wang Ming's identities.

Naturally, nothing needed to be said about Wang Ming: he was the institute's precious gem, and President Qi usually wouldn't let him out with his face exposed. There was even less to say about Scholar Guo Ping, the big figure at the center of heated online discussion in the last two days, who was both the diplomat for alien affairs and cosmic peace ambassador.

These two dropping by was enough reason to close shop for the day.

Of course, for Fang Xing, the most important person was still Wang Ling.

He knew that Wang Ling didn't really like dealing with strangers. Fang Xing had invited him over so many times, and now that Wang Ling was finally here, Fang Xing naturally had to consider all aspects of Wang Ling's mood.

That was right - after saying so much, in the end, it was still all for Classmate Wang Ling...

As Wang Ling led Er Ha in, he saw that the noodle shop was laid out in a typical way: the kitchen was right in the middle, with several pots set up and all the cooking done in front of the customers.

At the back of the noodle shop was the room for the food ingredients. Fresh ingredients were restocked and replaced on a daily basis at a fixed time. Cameras had also been set up at the back to make the whole environment open and transparent so that customers could eat with peace of mind.

Although this was Wang Ling's first time at the Fang family's noodle shop, he knew that it had a high rating online and was ranked first in the area of noodle dishes.

This wasn't something any ordinary noodle shop could achieve.

"Wang Ling, you're here."

When Wang Ling sat down on one side with Er Ha, he saw Fang Xing come out of the ingredients room. He was wearing a face mask, a chef's hat, and a pure white apron.

"Do you know, you look very much like someone's wife today." Wang Ming laughed; when he had come before, Fang Xing had never dressed like this.

"My parents said they weren't coming today, so I have to do it myself," Fang Xing shrugged and said.

"Did they really not come, or did you send them away?" Wang Ming laughed.

Guo Ping's gaze swept from Fang Xing to Wang Ling, the knowing expression of an old uncle on his face.

"Think whatever you like. My parents are outsiders, after all. Without them around, we can discuss things more freely." Fang Xing gave a sunny smile. "In any case, I'm the chef today - do you want to eat or not?"

"Eat! How can we not eat?" Wang Ming cheered; he recalled those steaks which Zhai Yin had fried on his forehead when he had been unconscious yesterday... Reportedly, when those steaks had been tossed inside the chemical disposal station, they almost burnt a huge hole in the protective wall.

This was the so-called student surpassing their master; compared with Mother Juan's cooking, Zhai Yin's cooking had its own distinctive trait - a delayed toxic reaction...

Those who ate Mother Juan's food would instantly "drop dead," while Zhai Yin's food didn't look poisonous nor did there seem to be any problems with eating it... However, the poison would slowly take effect after a few hours - this was the most dreadful thing about it!

"Then it's settled. I'll go buy some crude oil." Fang Xing smiled as he untied the apron.

"Crude oil?"

"To fry crispy noodle snacks, we need to use a special type of oil, and we have to buy them from a designated supplier, who doesn't do deliveries. When I was checking the ingredients earlier, I noticed we ran out of crude oil."

Fang Xing smiled at Wang Ling as he untied his apron. "Everyone, order whatever you like on the menu. If there aren't enough ingredients, I'll buy more while I'm out."

"Then, a bowl of rhino horn milk noodles for me," said Guo Ping.

Er Ha: "I want a large bowl of housefly noodles!"

Wang Ming: "I want a bowl of elegant chicken noodles."

Wang Ling: "..."

"Okay, got it." Fang Xing smiled. He didn't ask Wang Ling what he wanted; in any case, he just needed to prepare a portion of each crispy noodle snack flavor.

"Go ahead and chat, I'll be back shortly," Fang Xing said to Guo Ping and Wang Ming before taking off his apron and leaving the noodle shop.

...

After Fang Xing left the noodle shop, the atmosphere quieted down. After some thought, Wang Ming decided to introduce Guo Ping first since he knew it had been a little awkward when Guo Ping had dropped by the Wang family's villa last night.

"Ling Ling, let me introduce you to Professor Guo Ping once more," said Wang Ming.

Wang Ling finally gazed at Guo Ping with an air of recognition.

"Professor Guo was indeed involved in a small part of the talisman seal research, but this small part was an important one. Thus, I think we will also need Professor Guo's continued assistance with follow-up research on the talisman seal," said Wang Ming.

To tell the truth, Wang Ling's research had proceeded smoothly on all fronts with Guo Ping's help previously. After they had received news of Guo Ping's "death," however, Wang Ming's research hit a bottleneck.

Wang Ming indeed had the most powerful brain, but sometimes, this didn't mean that he could completely do without the help of a team.

Guo Ping could be considered the first comrade Wang Ming had acknowledged in the field of scientific research.

Since Wang Ming had already said this, Wang Ling naturally didn't have any complaints.

He could see that Guo Ping wasn't a bad person.

"Why do you look frustrated?" Er Ha asked at that moment. Having a new member join them should be a happy thing.

Guo Ping and Wang Ming exchanged looks, and after coming to an unspoken agreement, Guo Ping frowned. "It's like this: last night, Wang Ming received news that a huge hole had mysteriously appeared in Mixiu nation's newly constructed defense barrier on the border."

"A huge hole?"

"That's right. Furthermore, it was clearly man-made, and the AI security robot Mose was completely destroyed. However, Mose didn't send out any sort of warning before the problem was detected. This proves..."

"This proves that this person did things quickly and neatly," Wang Ming continued. In fact, the damage to the border defense barrier was just one of several things.

Wang Ming paused, and then continued. "Although we currently don't have concrete evidence, my guess... is that Devil Gut Fungus Lord and President Bai, Bai Zhe, who were already confirmed dead, have most likely been resurrected."

Resurrected...

Wang Ling sank into silence when he heard this.

The Three Thousand Great Dao did include a resurrection spell, but Wang Ling never used it as it would break the balance of life.

But the issue was that if someone had used the Resurrection Heavenly Dao, Wang Ling should have sensed it. However, there hadn't been the least bit inkling yesterday of this happening.

This person clearly hadn't used any of the Heavenly Dao, Outer Dao or even Divine Dao.

Resurrecting Devil Gut Fungus Lord and President Bai...

What was this person's aim?

It didn't seem like he was looking for a cure for constipation...





Chapter 977 Benchi Sword


Whoever the young man was or what his purpose might be, the resurrection of President Bai and Devil Gut Fungus Lord was a serious issue. These were two very troublesome enemies. Devil Gut Fungus Lord would continue to become stronger with time, while President Bai had a terrifying self-recovery ability.

If they were to revive, Wang Ling would have to slap them several more times - how tiring!

He sighed inwardly.

So, the best way to prevent this from happening was to strangle these guys in the cradle at the very beginning.

And that mysterious teenager with unusual powers was his only lead right now in tracking down those two individuals.

"Any leads on that teenager?" Wang Ling asked.

In a rare instance, Wang Ling chose to open his mouth rather than speak telepathically, which indicated how seriously he viewed this matter. And since Guo Ping had already joined their party, there was no longer anyone in the noodle shop who was an outsider.

Wang Ling hardly ever spoke aloud, and as soon as his voice sounded, Wang Ming and Guo Ping, as well as Er Ha on the ground, got goosebumps all over... It was a waste not to become a voice actor with that voice...

"Su Shangqing?" Guo Ping raised his eyebrows. In fact, he was also a passionate anime, comics and games fan in his daily life, and was quite familiar with the voice acting field. He thought that Wang Ling's voice was somewhat similar to Su Shangqing's.

"Su Shangqing?"

"He's done voices for Fighter of Destiny , Battle Through the Heavens and There's a Pit in My Senior Martial Brother's Brain - the most important thing is that he'll be voice acting for The Daily Life of the Immortal King !"

"I see..." Wang Ming had the expression of one who didn't understand, but thought it was awesome anyway.

Wang Ling: "..."

Returning to the topic, Guo Ping started to talk about some information he had obtained last night, which had been put together and analyzed by Roger at Mixiu's research institute.

"No material evidence was left behind before Mose was destroyed; not even an image capture of the youngster's face."

Guo Ping said slowly, "However, based on the huge hole at the border defense base, the intruder is young and about 178cm in height; we have a full set of magic treasures for reconstructing and analyzing spells, and from the focal point of the spell damage, we can determine the angle at which the attacker's hand was raised when the spell was cast.

"A person attacking with spells usually doesn't cast them at an exaggerated angle, and basically won't go above shoulder height. Additionally, judging by the footprints left at the scene, the spellcaster is extremely confident in his spell attacks, as he was physically very close to the destruction site.

"This means one of two things. First, the spellcaster has a precise handle on his magic: he knows how to keep himself safe from where he's standing when he's casting spells. But based on the extent of the damage to the wall, that was an exceptionally fierce blast! Hence, I think the second point is more likely, and that is that this person is completely unafraid of spell damage, and is thus very conceited.

"Egoistic people like this usually want to be as cool as possible when casting spells, so they'd never stand with their legs too far apart, since that would ruin their image."

Wang Ling as well as Er Ha on the ground almost spaced out when they listened to Guo Ping's analysis.

"You studied criminal psychology before?" Er Ha asked.

"A little, but a lot of it is just based on scientific reasoning." Guo Ping said, "I calculated this person's height based on the above information, while I determined his age in light of the information which Roger sent over following the spell reconstruction. The composition of the spirit power molecules which the intruder left behind at the scene is relatively young, so I think the other party is around your age, Wang Ling."

"?" Wang Ling frowned.

Around his age...

Could this person be another cultivation prodigy hiding in the world?

Guo Ping's analysis made sense, and it aligned with what Wang Ming had seen in his dream. Although Wang Ming still couldn't quite believe it, practically all the information now matched his dream.

Wang Ming had yet to share this matter with anyone.

Now, however, he felt that the others had to know. "I have something to tell you. It's about my dream last night..."

Wang Ming raised his head, a complicated expression on his face.

...

Elsewhere, Fang Xing had run into some trouble on his way to buy ingredients. He had gone off to buy groceries on the new Benchi Sword which his foster parents had bought him. They had just picked up the sword from the Benchi 4S store yesterday, but Fang Xing had only flown it halfway when it started to leak spirit power.

Imported goods also weren't reliable nowadays! They were all so shitty. Fang Xing remembered that in order to buy this sword, his foster parents had even been forced to pay a service fee.

He had heard them complain yesterday that customer service attitude before and after payment was like the sudden onset of a storm; they turned hostile faster than flipping the pages of a book.

As the saying went: "Benchi in hand, I own the whole world at over 600,000 HNY. But it barely inches forward, and leaks spirit power halfway. I paid the service fee in cash, and there is virtually no after-sales service 1 ."

1(Derived from an online doggerel someone wrote about a Mercedes-Benz 4S car shop and its appalling customer service ..) Given that the sword was leaking spirit power, Fang Xing was forced to stop his flight and set out on foot instead to his destination.

He didn't have a spare spirit sword on him, but he wasn't far from his destination. Fang Xing touched down in a nearby park. There was a spirit bus stop next to the market, so he could take a spirit bus back later.

Just as Fang Xing was about to head in the direction of the market, a hand landed on his shoulder. "Classmate Fang, don't move."

"Who are you?" Fang Xing was instantly wary. He could feel this person's hand but couldn't see him, which meant one of two things.

First, this man was currently invisible.

Second, this man was using a space layer spell, which typically meant that he was invisible to others but he could still communicate with them.

Whatever the case, a person who would hide his identity like this could only be a criminal on the run.

Also, this voice sounded familiar to Fang Xing for some reason...

"What do you want?" Fang Xing asked.

"Come with us. My master wants to meet you," said the person behind Fang Xing in a dreadful tone.

Fang Xing struggled but found that the man was as strong as an ox, and he couldn't break free of the man's hold at all.

Fang Xing grit his teeth and turned his body in a way that no regular person could to twist his arm free and throw off the man's hold.

Then, he stomped his foot, and the scene before his eyes instantly transformed.

This was the second generation intrinsic spirit field which his father Immortal She Pi had passed down to him.

This person had ill intentions, so he had to be an enemy! Thus, Fang Xing didn't think too much, and wanted a look at this person's face first before he did anything else.





Chapter 978 Bai Youquan


Although the second generation intrinsic spirit field was powerful, Fang Xing knew he couldn't let this battle drag out. His intrinsic spirit field's attribute was gravity, and anyone who stepped inside wouldn't be able to move so much as an inch.

The identity of anyone inside the intrinsic spirit field would also be fully revealed, and Fang Xing saw the person's appearance clearly: it was a familiar-looking person with deathly white skin.

The teenager wore a white shirt and jeans with suspenders under a gray coat, which gave him a very elegant air.

"Bai Zhe?" Fang Xing was taken aback; he never expected this President Bai to actually still be alive.

As far as he remembered, Bai Zhe had already been destroyed along with Devil Gut Fungus Lord, as if they had been struck down by a god; even their souls had been annihilated. There was no possibility of them being resurrected.

The person standing in front of him had the same face as Bai Zhe.

Bewildered and uncertain, Fang Xing knitted his eyebrows as he stared at the other party with a wary expression.

"No, you're not Bai Zhe..." Fang Xing frowned. Although this person resembled Bai Zhe very closely, their auras were entirely different.

The teenager with the deathly white face applauded. "As expected of the descendant of True Immortal She Pi. You can actually tell us apart. That's right, I am indeed not Bai Zhe, but his son, Bai Youquan."

"He has a son?" Fang Xing was astonished.

Bai Youquan smiled somewhat tauntingly. "True Immortal She Pi shook the cultivation world with his might back then and there wasn't anyone who didn't know him. But everyone knows he remained unmarried and alone until the end of this life. It was only at the end of his imprisonment that he gave birth to you. If a damn tranny can have an heir, why can't my dad?"

"Shut your mouth!"

Fang Xing grit his teeth as his fury surged and stirred his golden hair. He glared angrily at Bai Youquan. "Now that you're in my intrinsic spirit field, don't think of escaping!"

With one stomp of his foot, the ground in front of him instantly collapsed!

His footprint expanded to leave a deep hole in the ground. At the same time, a massive meteor came crashing down toward the deep hole.

Bai Youquan had clearly come prepared. Although he was stuck inside that deep hole, there wasn't the slightest change in his expression.

He had been expecting the second generation intrinsic spirit energy, which was a family legacy and which contained True Immortal She Pi's power. Furthermore, Fang Xing had never stopped refining it all these years, and what Bai Youquan faced now was eighty-nine times the gravity.

Indeed, it was hard for him to take even a single step.

Under such heavy gravity, even a True Immortal would find it hard to move. Bai Youquan knew that as a mere Soul Formation cultivator, he didn't have the slightest chance of winning in a showdown with Fang Xing using normal cultivation methods.

However...

In the next moment, a golden light enveloped Bai Youquan's body and he flew out of the hole.

Fang Xing stared fixedly at Bai Youquan, who was giving off an exceedingly strange air.

What Bai Youquan was using wasn't spirit qi!

Instead, it was a power that Fang Xing had never seen before!

Fang Xing knew that previously, in order to deal with Wang Ling, Bai Zhe had collected four Outer Dao. However, the strength which Bai Youquan was revealing now far surpassed that of Outer Dao.

"Not divine magic, not Outer Dao... and not Divine Dao." This was beyond Fang Xing's expectations. Bai Youquan didn't have a high realm, but he was displaying strength beyond what he should have.

Slowly rising out of the hole, Bai Youquan gave off an aura which Fang Xing had never sensed before. "True Immortal She Pi's son truly lives up to his name. But I hear that you have another form. If you don't use it, I'm afraid you might not be my match."

His voice was low, but every word penetrated the marrow and seemed to reverberate in the soul and echo throughout the intrinsic spirit field.

"If you won't do it, then I'll act first." With one step, Bai Youquan shot forward, his aura splitting the air like a dragon blade and the earth crumbling in his wake to create a terrifying abyss.

"Even this is so destructive..." Fang Xing was shocked. Wrapped in that strange aura, the other party was able to move so easily in eighty-nine times gravity - this wasn't the strength of a Soul Formation cultivator.

"Classmate Fang, give up. You're not my match, much less my father's." Bai Youquan sneered, and sent Fang Xing flying backward and spitting out blood with one punch.

Moving extremely fast, he aimed his second punch at Fang Xing's leg.

"Snake scales!" Fang Xing responded swiftly as he sent out his life bonded magic treasure to form a protective barrier when the punch landed, but it could only cushion the impact.

This no-frills and ruthless punch was enough to fracture Fang Xing's hip bone.

"It's over, Classmate Fang." Bai Youquan recited a spell, and the suspenders he was wearing suddenly slipped off him to firmly wrap themselves around Fang Xing's limbs like tentacles!

Under Fang Xing's stunned gaze, Bai Youquan stood in front of him in just his pants; even the gray coat and white shirt had been taken off.

A flasher...

Fang Xing stared at the other party, a storm raging in his heart. This person's realm was strange - although it wasn't high, he exhibited strength beyond his realm, and used power that Fang Xing had never seen before.

"Who wants me captured?" Fang Xing knew that it was pointless to go all out in battle for now, and he looked at Bai Youquan as he asked his question.

"My father wants to meet you." Bai Youquan smiled. "As you can see, I'm only at the Soul Formation stage, but I'm far stronger than a True Immortal - even the Ten Generals aren't necessarily my match. And my father is still a dozen times stronger than I am!"

"Your father should already be dead..."

"Who determines life and death in this world? This is simply fate." Bai Youquan shrugged.

"What do you want from me..."

"There's no need to beat around the bush, Classmate Fang, you can't escape me. There's no harm in telling you the truth. We're looking for True Immortal She Pi's cremation urn. After his death, the authorities gave it to you. If you give it to us, who knows, we might be able to resurrect your father."

"You want to bring my father back to life?" Fang Xing was shocked.

Bai Youquan: "I'm not clear on how, but my father was resurrected too. I'm sure that for you, bringing your father back to life is a worthwhile deal. Surely you have many questions you want to ask him?"

Fang Xing: "What do you want from my father?"

Bai Youquan: "Everyone knows True Immortal She Pi gave birth to you on his own. When it comes to infertility, he's an expert in this field. Who else can I look for if not him?"

Fang Xing: "..."





Chapter 979 True Immortal She Pi's Cremation Urn


More than ten years ago, True Immortal She Pi was found guilty by Huaxiu Alliance, stripped of all his power, and sentenced to death. Before he died, True Immortal She Pi bore an egg which he entrusted to General Yi. The baby born from the egg was none other than Fang Xing.

Actually, Fang Xing had never given up investigating his biological father's death all this time, but had still been unable to find anything.

As he listened to Fang Xing's story on the road, Bai Youquan couldn't help the strange expression that crossed his face. "So, you're not human?"

"You're the one who isn't human..."

"But humans are mammals. You popped out of a freaking egg! Wouldn't someone say you're copying Demon King Piccolo 1 ?"

1(From "Dragonball.") "Chickens are also born from eggs..."

"That's true..."

Bai Youquan had captured Fang Xing. At that very moment, they were in a spirit car. This was a unique vehicle made of a very peculiar material; it would never leak engine oil, nor cause a female graduate student to cry sitting on the hood of the engine 2 .

2(Alluded to in the doggerel about the Mercedes-Benz in Chapter 977.) "True Immortal She Pi's death that year was very strange. He was Devil Emperor Gua Pi's disciple and had always worked behind the scenes. But after Devil Emperor Gua Pi was arrested, True Immortal She Pi suddenly led a large devil army in revolt, which was completely unlike the way he normally did things and rather peculiar." Bai Youquan was puzzled.

Before setting out to capture Fang Xing, he had also done his homework.

"You also think there's something wrong with how my father died?"

"It's just a gut feeling; I think there might be a hidden story here. But True Immortal She Pi has been dead for more than a decade; there's not much meaning in discussing this now." Speaking up to this point, Bai Youquan fixed his gaze on Fang Xing. "Actually, I don't hate you. I can even help you."

Fang Xing: "Help me?"

Bai Youquan: "Haven't you always wanted to know the truth of what happened that year? With my father's current strength, it would take no effort at all."

Hearing this, Fang Xing fell silent.

"I know what you're thinking; you're trying to come up with a way to escape in your head. If you had gone all out in your intrinsic spirit field just now, it wouldn't have been so easy for me to take you away." Bai Youquan laughed. "You deliberately gave up so easily because you wanted me to take you to our base before you secretly sent the information to your comrades, isn't that right?"

Fang Xing remained silent. He had never expected Bai Youquan this person to be so perceptive.

"Since Classmate Fang isn't saying anything, then it looks like I guessed right." Bai Youquan leaned back comfortably in his seat. He didn't think much of Fang Xing's abilities at all, and was even less worried that Fang Xing would suddenly attack him.

Bai Youquan laughed. "So, Classmate Fang Xing, don't go looking for trouble. The address you gave me earlier for where Immortal She Pi's cremation urn is hidden was fake, wasn't it?

"After you were born, some of the Ten Generals were worried that the great power you inherited would become a danger to everyone in the future, so they raised you in secret until you were four years old, then sent you to the private school Tianshi Imperial High, which had many other children with unusual gifts who had similarly lost their parents.

"However, the children who come out of Tianshi Imperial High are reclusive, so in many cases, no family is willing to adopt them.

"But you were lucky; you met your foster parents of the Fang clan, who also currently run a noodle shop. Later, you had the opportunity to transfer to Number 60 High."

"What else do you know..." Fang Xing frowned. He felt that he had thoroughly underestimated Bai Youquan. This person knew more than he thought.

"I know everything about you." Bai Youquan smiled. "You transferred to Number 60 High to search for your childhood hero. It was all for that Classmate Wang Ling, wasn't it?"

Hearing this, Fang Xing couldn't help the way his eyes widened.

There was no way anyone could know that! He had never mentioned it to anyone before!

"Are you overwhelmed, Classmate Fang?" Bai Youquan chuckled. "I may as well tell you the truth. In this newly established organization, my father is nothing more than a foot soldier - our master is far stronger than you can ever imagine."

Listening to Bai Youquan's words, Fang Xing felt for the first time an unprecedented sense of danger. The enemy this time was indeed nothing like any other adversary he had ever faced before.

Not only did the other side have unknown, matchless strength, they had a frightening information network that could discover things no ordinary enemy could possibly know.

"Since things have come to this point, I don't think Classmate Fang needs to keep anything from us. The organization welcomes you with open arms; you should cherish this opportunity." Bai Youquan crossed his legs as he spoke. He didn't need to drive; the spirit car was in full automatic cruise mode and could steer itself.

But Bai Youquan knew that the address Fang Xing had given him was fake, so from the beginning, the car had just been going around the city in circles without actually going anywhere.

"What exactly do you want me to do?" Fang Xing sighed.

"To show us your sincerity, Classmate Fang can hand over True Immortal She Pi's urn first, then we'll discuss the deal. Classmate Fang can rest assured that we have no interest in the urn; we just need some of the ashes," Bai Youquan said.

"Are you going to make milk 3 ...?"

3(In episode 13 of the Chinese sitcom "iPartment," Lin Wanyu wonders if Zeng Xiaoxian mistook ashes for milk powder and made himself something to drink from it.) "There's no point in Classmate Fang asking these questions. If you want to know about your father, it's very simple: we just need to resurrect him and you can ask him yourself." Bai Youquan said, "You are his son, I don't believe he'll hide anything from you, and you will finally get the answers you have been looking for all these years."

"Then, wait one moment."

Fang Xing drew in a deep breath.

The next instant, his belly promptly swelled up. Bai Youquan seemed to know what Fang Xing was going to do, and he exclaimed in disbelief, "WTF, did you eat your dad's urn?"

Fang Xing didn't say anything. Moments later, he spat out a small black iron box that was plain and unadorned.

Immortal She Pi's ashes were contained within.

The entire box was well preserved.

Heedless of where it came from, Bai Youquan picked up the box and used his sleeve to wipe off the drool before taking a selfie with it.

Fang Xing: "???"

Bai Youquan: "Don't get me wrong, I'm not revealing any information on the cremation urn; I just want to post a commemorative selfie. Actually, I've always been a fan of True Immortal She Pi. Us fans are called iShes, and our fan club numbers are no less than iKuns 4 !"

4(Idol singer Cai Xukun's fan club.) Fang Xing: "..."

But right after Bai Youquan finished speaking, there was suddenly a blare of sirens next to the spirit car.

"Police?"

Bai Youquan rolled down the window, but the person outside wasn't wearing a police uniform.

It was a young man in sportswear and wearing a helmet, who had a megaphone on him. "Hello, this is Visual China 5 . The selfie you just took is an infringement of our image copyright. Please pay the copyright fee, friend!"

5(Visual China Group (VCG) is a Chinese stock image and media provider ..)





Chapter 980 Big Bowl Thick Noodle


Visual China...

This was a rogue company which downloaded online pictures and charged random copyright fees for their use. Many people who had unwittingly used these online pictures were then visited by company staff demanding copyright royalties. The crucial point was that the company wouldn't allow them to just delete the pictures but insisted on compensation, otherwise the company would file a lawsuit.

If it was a rich company, Visual China would send a lawyer's letter right away; if not, they would send it a few years later after the company had grown.

The most mysterious thing was how this company which relied on image copyright lawsuits to survive could even become freaking listed...

There was a saying going around online: All of China suffers because of Visual China.

Respecting copyright was a good thing to begin with, but it wasn't right to fool around illegally under the pretext of protecting it.

It was clear that Visual China had no self-awareness, and were now actually gunning for Bai Youquan.

Winding up the window, Bai Youquan completely ignored the young man on the motorbike outside.

After all, the most painful thing in the world was dealing with hoodlums.

A bunch of gangsters were nothing to be scared of - what was frightening was if they were educated!

"You're ignoring him?" It didn't seem like Bai Youquan's personality to keep his peace.

Although Fang Xing hadn't known Bai Youquan for long, he already knew how to label the other party.

Without a doubt, this was the most dangerous person, who could be called the smiling villain.

After winding up the window, Bai Youquan looked at the time. "Hm, there are three seconds left. Three, two, one..."

"Bang!"

At the end of Bai Youquan's countdown, Fang Xing suddenly heard a deafening sound outside the window, and all the vehicles on the overpass could feel the tremors.

At that moment, Bai Youquan turned on the traffic radio broadcast.

Several minutes later, there was a news broadcast on the radio: "Dear citizens, the following is breaking news. According to the latest report, there was an explosion at the Visual China building five minutes ago, the cause of which is unknown. The building has now been reduced to ash, and the exact cause is still being investigated."

Fang Xing was dumbstruck. "Isn't this too..."

"This is how our organization does things. It's best for Classmate Fang to get used to it as soon as possible." Bai Youquan gave a devilish smile. "Now, we are already on the same side."

"You really have guts to dare provoke everyone."

"Everyone except for iKun; there are too many of them and we can't get rid of them all in a short period of time."

"..."

"But we've already started spreading the word online, and we believe that Huaxiu Alliance will respond to it."

"Why would Huaxiu Alliance listen to you?" Fang Xing was startled.

"Do you know what iKun stands for?"

"???"

"iKun is [I] Want to [Kill] the [United] [Nations]. They want to bring down the alliance of nations. Doesn't this point to Huaxiu Alliance?"

"..."

"We've spread the news online. Hehehe, I believe it won't be long before iKun crumbles." Bai Youquan smiled evilly.

He stroked and fiddled with the plain, pitch black cremation urn in his hands; it seemed that he really did have a fixation with True Immortal She Pi.

Fang Xing took a deep breath and felt that Bai Youquan was a little scary.

What was even more frightening was that he didn't know who on earth was the person behind the aggressive President Bai this time.

He was now under close watch by Bai Youquan without the slightest chance of escape.

Could Wang Ling sense the danger this time...

Fang Xing was worried.

"Classmate Fang, now that you've offered your first gift to the organization, do you want to meet our leader?" Bai Youquan asked as he fiddled with the cremation urn.

"Your father?" asked Fang Xing.

"No... it's the man behind the scenes, and someone you would definitely never expect," answered Bai Youquan.

...

At that moment, Wang Ling, Wang Ming and Guo Ping were still waiting in the noodle shop for Fang Xing to come back.

"It's been almost two hours since Student Fang went out to buy ingredients, and he's still not back?" Guo Ping frowned and felt that the situation wasn't so simple.

"Let's listen to some music first; there might be a jam on the road," said Wang Ming.

He played Irascible Dharmaraja's latest single Big Bowl Thick Noodle , which was released today and became a hot search in a short period of time, catching the attention of tens of millions of people.

Irascible Dharmaraja was making fun of himself in this song.

He had been constantly derided previously for being a terrible singer, but the release of this song demonstrated how much more capable his PR team was behind the scenes compared with some other singers.

Big Bowl Thick Noodle actually sounded pretty good, but Guo Ping wasn't in the mood to calm down and listen to it.

Since Fang Xing was taking so long to come back, Guo Ping had a bad feeling. "Has something happened?"

When Guo Ping said that, Wang Ling used the Great Deduction Spell to infer the direction Fang Xing was in, only to find that the latter's string of fate was calm and composed, and there was nothing unusual about it at all; if Fang Xing had encountered any sort of danger, it should be fluctuating wildly like a great wave.

Putting his finger down, Wang Ling drank the noodle shop's barley tea, which was still very fragrant.

The barley tea was made in-house in the Fang family's noodle shop, and a new batch was made every day. To welcome them as they came over to discuss matters, Fang Xing had gotten up very early today; it wasn't likely he would use the excuse of going to the market to buy ingredients to leave them hanging.

Wang Ling felt that something was wrong, but he couldn't place his finger on it.

It just vaguely felt a little strange.

He suddenly felt as if something was in his way.

Or in other words, he was being obstructed.

After another half an hour, Guo Ping couldn't wait any longer; the truth was that he was worried about Fang Xing.

Fang Xing might not be familiar with Guo Ping, but Guo Ping was very familiar with him.

The truth was that Guo Ping had watched Fang Xing grow up from the shadows. Back then when True Immortal She Pi bore an egg, it was in fact Guo Ping who had safely hatched Fang Xing using the equipment they had on hand.

Guo Ping was one of those who had witnessed Fang Xing breaking through the shell.

They had already been connected since a long time ago.

It was just that Fang Xing himself wasn't aware of it.

"Everyone wait a minute." Guo Ping took out his phone and sent inquiries to some of his friends in the city police.

Whether it was a traffic accident or some other situation, the cultivation police station would put them all on file. If there really was some sort of accident, Guo Ping's friends at the police station would at least be able to send back some information.

Guo Ping texted several people, and even asked the head of cultivation public safety. Even after using the computers at HQ to do checks under the table, they didn't find any leads.

"How is it?" asked Wang Ming.

"No news..." Guo Ping frowned.

"Let me try," Wang Ling said telepathically at that moment.

He sent a message to the Number 60 Squad's side chat group: "Has anyone seen Fang Xing?"

"Fang Xing? I don't know. Are you looking for him?" Chen Chao replied in a second. Wang Ling knew with one glance that this guy was playing games.

"Mm..." Wang Ling replied.

"He hasn't contacted us and we don't know where he is. I think it's very likely that he's been kidnapped!" Chen Chao sent an evil smile emoji.





Chapter 981 Mysterious Power


There had never been any errors in Wang Ling's deductions before, but this time he was mistaken, and it was a little strange — there were clearly no fluctuations in Fang Xing's string of fate, but he had been kidnapped without any good reason.

Given Fang Xing's strength, how could an ordinary kidnapper do anything to him?

Wang Ling pondered the matter, which was strange from beginning to end.

"Ling Ling, something doesn't seem right." Even Wang Ming frowned; he was feeling something he had never felt before, as if his heart was congested with blood, which was very uncomfortable.

"I have an outrageous idea." At that moment, Wang Ling suddenly spoke telepathically. He then turned to Guo Ping, as his plan required him to verify something with Divine Dao Star.

Wang Ling suspected that apart from Heavenly Dao, Outer Dao and Divine Dao, there might be yet another type of power that existed.

...

Elsewhere, Bai Youquan brought Fang Xing to the mouth of a blind alley in the city. Next to it was an unfamiliar bar which Fang Xing had never been to. Looking at the situation, he had already entered the territory of Bai Youquan and his people from the moment he stepped onto this street.

Two men in suits guarded the mouth of the blind alley on both sides. When they saw Bai Youquan, they made way for him.

Although these two were nothing more than underlings doing grunge work as guards, they were Nascent Soul experts.

When Fang Xing brushed past them, he immediately noticed the tattoos on the necks of the two bruisers: this was the mark of foreign cultivation mercenaries.

They all had burn scars on their bodies, and Fang Xing instantly had his own conjecture.

However, he didn't expect Bai Youquan to be so forthcoming after they entered the blind alley. "Classmate Fang guessed right: these are all people who have already died. They are foreigners who died in battle for their former organizations, and are all fearsome individuals."

"You also brought them back to life?"

"That's right," Bai Youquan said. "They died for their former organizations, and are men with unyielding and iron wills. After resurrecting them, they too now serve us wholeheartedly. These are soldiers who aren't afraid of death. Furthermore, since they are already dead, they are no longer connected to their former organizations."

Bai Youquan laughed. "Also, these people have already been dead for more than three hundred years, and were already reduced to bone ash long ago.

"No one would expect them to come back to life. Whether they died for their organizations or it was the organizations that wanted them dead, there's nothing on them; even if their corpses had remained, there's nothing to trace."

Fang Xing was astonished when he heard this. It was truly a master strategy to have dead men - dead for over a few hundred years, no less - continue in service to one's organization; probably no one else had come up with this idea before.

Resurrection magic did exist in the world, but given its complexity, the law of equivalent exchange, and the law of conservation of spirit power, resurrecting a person required one to sacrifice a lot of things.

For example, cutting off a limb might only buy you one or two years of life. Not only wasn't the spell worth it, it was also forbidden magic. However, it seemed that Bai Youquan's organization had the power to disregard this prohibition and use this resurrection spell as if it was an ordinary one.

Mass resurrection...

Fang Xing couldn't imagine it; these peculiar methods used by Bai Youquan and his people left him speechless.

Bai Youquan led Fang Xing to the very end of the blind alley.

After Bai Youquan performed a hand seal, a strange magic array glowed on the wall. It was densely covered in runes that Fang Xing couldn't read; this definitely wasn't spiritual or divine language, since Fang Xing had already seen the written language of the divine race on Divine Dao Star.

The runes of the magic array were clearly distinctively different from any written language that Fang Xing knew of. The characters looked more like the language of ants; at first glance, they looked like dots which didn't seem different from one another.

Fang Xing's expression hardened when he saw these cryptic runes. Everything was too strange and beyond what he could grasp.

He felt like he had sunk deep into a huge hole that he couldn't get out of.

"Classmate Fang, it's still too early to be surprised. There are still many things you have yet to see." Bai Youquan pressed his palm to the magic array, and Fang Xing saw it glow as it twisted into a complicated shape before the light faded.

In the end, a mouth suddenly appeared in the center of the magic array.

An old, soul-shaking voice rang out, sounding like a creature of ancient times that had been revived.

"Please verify your identity..."

This voice rocked Fang Xing; it felt like his soul was being pulled out and reeled in by that voice.

In that moment, Fang Xing was abruptly curious about this profound power; he suddenly felt that everything he had ever learned was nothing in the face of such power.

So much so that his soul and heart started to tremble.

But very quickly, Fang Xing regained his senses as a familiar aura drew him back to reality. There was an eraser in his pocket which Wang Ling had given him; Fang Xing had borrowed it from Wang Ling during the mid-term exams, but had forgotten to return it afterward, and Wang Ling also hadn't asked for it back.

When Fang Xing remembered later, it was already the summer break and he didn't plan to give it back. At that very moment, it was precisely the power in this eraser which called Fang Xing back to reality and prevented his soul from being sucked out by this mysterious power.

Fang Xing realized that this power was a bit like a drug; once you were pulled in, it was very hard to get out.

"Please verify your identity." At that moment, the grotesque mouth in the middle of the magic array spoke again.

After the mouth spoke both times, Bai Youquan didn't verify his identity right away; instead, it seemed that he was waiting for this mysterious power to devour Fang Xing. But oddly enough, Fang Xing was unaffected.

Perhaps it was because of the eraser, but the second time the old voice rang out, Fang Xing wasn't affected and felt very clear-headed. He also saw Bai Youquan's bemused expression next to him.

Bai Youquan narrowed his eyes, and in the end, stuck his hand inside the mouth.

Fang Xing: "???"

Bai Youquan: "The identity verification is a little complicated. You have to put your entire arm into the mouth, and then recite the password. If it's someone not from the organization trying to sneak in, their arm will be bitten off."

As soon as Bai Youquan said that, the mouth of the array: "※&xnsj※кдёзйзж..."

Fang Xing: "???"

Bai Youquan: "It's telling me to recite the password. After all, it can't speak properly with a hand in its mouth."

Fang Xing: "..."

Then, Bai Youquan looked seriously at the mouth and said, "I am Bai Youquan. I like to dance, rap and play basketball 1 !"

1(Cai Xukun's self-introduction on a TV program, which went viral ..) Fang Xing: "..."





Chapter 982 Wang Ling's Management Status


The array in the blind alley glowed with light, which was followed by a force that pulled Fang Xing in.

Fang Xing followed Bai Youquan into another world.

To his surprise, inside wasn't the base he had imagined, but a world newly created.

Everything here was inverted, like a mirror reflection.

"Could this also be the power of DGL1..." Fang Xing thought.

1(DGL is a nicknamed used by netizens to mock a LoL team called LGD for its inconsistent game results.) Bai Youquan looked at him from the side and gave an enigmatic smile. "Classmate Fang, welcome to the world our master set up: the Palace of Mirrors."

Fang Xing then saw Bai Youquan take out the cremation urn which he had given the latter earlier, take out a very small portion of ash, and then sprinkle it on the ground like Brother Salt2. In an instant, the embryo of a spirit plant suddenly emerged from the ground.

2(Referring to the video of a Turkish chef flamboyantly sprinkling salt on a steak which went viral..) The stamen of this spirit plant was a human-looking baby that was now only about the size of a sweet potato. The flower stem was very thick and the plant was firmly rooted in the ground as it seemed to absorb the spirit power beneath the surface to nourish itself.

Fang Xing noticed that the Palace of Mirrors was a complete reversal. Spiritual qi was now being consumed at a very quick rate on Earth, and researchers were all racking their brains to solve this problem. However, the spiritual qi inside this Palace of Mirrors was unimaginably rich.

"Come, I'll take you to His Lordship," Bai Youquan said to Fang Xing after planting this spirit plant at the entrance.

"Then, this flower?"

"Leave it; after twenty-four hours, I'll bring you back to harvest your dad."

"..."

...

Elsewhere, after confirming that Fang Xing had been abducted, Wang Ling and the others started to do a preliminary search.

Fang Xing's aura had completely vanished, as if he had disappeared off the face of the planet. The problem, however, was that no one could just vanish into thin air; even if someone did disappear, there was still the last place they were seen before it happened.

"I've already contacted my friend; he'll use national AI face recognition technology to determine the positions of all the players," Guo Ping said.

"Perhaps it doesn't have to be that troublesome." Wang Ming shook his head and said, "How many surveillance cameras are there across the country?"

"Even if you rule out the ones that are currently broken or under maintenance, there are over three hundred million..." Guo Ping said. This was Huaxiu's Divine Eye Project, which had initially been set up to prevent crime.

Almost all public places (not including toilets and some relatively private venues) were covered by the Divine Eye Project's road cameras, which were exceptionally clear; after zooming in, even the fine hairs on your face could be clearly seen.

Thinking about what Wang Ming said, Guo Ping realized that he was looking at it the wrong way. "Are you saying that we should check the damaged cameras or those being serviced?"

"Since there are broken cameras and those under maintenance, we might get results more quickly by starting with these in Songhai city. That gang shouldn't be stupid enough to brazenly make Fang Xing disappear."

Hearing this, Guo Ping nodded hurriedly. "Alright."

The Divine Eye Project was laid out on a massive scale, but the proportion of damaged cameras and those under maintenance was very low: it was less than 5% throughout the country, and even less in Songhai itself.

"Then we'll start with the damaged ones. I'll arrange it." As Guo Ping spoke, he gazed at Wang Ling; he had noticed that Wang Ling had remained as still as a log since the beginning.

"Ling Zhenren, what are you..."

"He's confirming some things. His soul should have already left his body; it's best that you don't bother him in this state," Wang Ming warned.

"Why..."

"This is management mode; even when his body is without its soul, half the world still can't beat him..."

"I see..." Guo Ping nodded thoughtfully. When he had entered earlier, he thought that Wang Ling's skin was especially good. After learning that the energy string with which he had used to travel through space was Wang Ling's hair, Guo Ping's interest in Wang Ling had skyrocketed right away!

Until now, it hadn't been easy to get close to Ling Zhenren, and Guo Ping almost couldn't resist the urge just then! He actually... actually wanted to pinch Ling Zhenren's face!

Sure enough, cute boys really made it easy for people to "commit crimes"!

"Teacher Guo, are you thinking of something vulgar and disrespectful about my little brother?" Wang Ming was aware of how eccentric Guo Ping was. As a qualified and perverted bro-con, Wang Ming was doing his best to remain level-headed.

Guo Ping wheedled, "Ling Zhenren isn't around right now. Don't you want to do an up-close study of the human body?"

"Study of the human body..." Hearing this, Wang Ming sucked in a cold breath of air. He never expected Guo Ping to actually put it in such a tactful and natural way; the main point was that it sounded pretty damn reasonable!

They were both scientific researchers, and a study of the human body up close was vital!

But no way!

Wang Ming felt that he had to keep calm - how could he let another researcher touch his little brother?!

"Teacher Guo, please stop right there with your outrageous thoughts about my little brother." Wang Ming was so agitated that he stood up and knocked the teacup off the table with his elbow. The teacup fell to the floor, but it didn't break given the material it was made from, and instead rolled over to Wang Ling's feet.

Then, when the teacup touched Wang Ling's shoe, an astonishing thing happened...

Boom!

A shock wave blasted out with Wang Ling in the center. Then, lasers shot out of Ling Zhenren's eyes as he sat docilely in his chair, and the teacup shattered...

With one gust of wind, not even ash remained...

"Teacher Guo, do you still want to try it..." Wang Ming hesitated.

"Well... Let's postpone this investigation for now... We can always try later..." Guo Ping pulled his neck in and drew his hand back...

...

Elsewhere, Wang Ling's soul appeared on Divine Dao Star. Divine Dao Star was located far from Earth, but Wang Ling had already been here once and left his aura here, so he could come back anytime.

It hadn't been half a month since Star Lord of Divine Dao Star had been beaten to a pulp, and he hadn't fully recovered.

Jingke's attack previously had been a little fierce, and as long as the injury was caused by Jingke, it wouldn't heal so easily.

When Wang Ling went over this time, Star Lord was still wrapped up in bandages as he lay in bed with one leg raised.

The divine messenger-turned-throne had been hacked to pieces by Jingke and Bai Qiao's fused personality Jingbai - the word "tragic" didn't even begin to describe it.

In any case, after going through all that, the residual effects had been completely beaten into Star Lord's body. He didn't even keep goldfish in his fish tank anymore; when he looked at those dead fish eyes, it felt like Wang Ling was looking at him, and his dreams every day frightened him into a cold sweat.

This time, Wang Ling appeared without any warning. He floated in the air and stared at Star Lord...

Star Lord was so scared he pissed his pants.

WTF! The... The Grudge!





Chapter 983 Wanton Massacre


Star Lord's face turned deathly white at Wang Ling's sudden appearance. His first reaction was to run as he immediately decided to cut his tail off.

Cut off the tail to survive...

To Wang Ling's mild astonishment, this guy's original form was actually a gecko... He had always thought that the Divine Dragons should be a more advanced form of lizard.

Gripping his tail, Star Lord was so frightened he fell back against the bed. The inner palace guards outside the door heard the noise and instantly charged in. They moved swiftly and in unison, and it was obvious that they had practiced this many times.

But these guards were also injured from being beaten by Wang Ling previously...

After dashing through the door, the leader of these Divine Dragons who had yet to clearly make out Wang Ling's appearance shouted, "Outrageous maniac! How dare you break into Star Lord's palace. It looks like you don't want to live... er..."

His bellowing spluttered to a stop as everyone saw that the person who had appeared in front of Star Lord's bed was Wang Ling.

Then, this group of Divine Dragons took a step back and closed the door. "Sorry to bother you..."

Star Lord: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

"Big bro, I've already apologized. What else do you want..." Star Lord wanted to cry but had no tears to shed; he had already thoroughly realized the error of his ways after what happened last time.

Previously, he did whatever he wanted under the banner of the divine realm's will; it wasn't until he met Wang Ling that he realized that there was always someone stronger.

The most important thing was that the divine realm had been thrown into chaos, even Thousand-Winged God was helpless when it came to this guy, to say nothing of Star Lord.

Divine Dao Star had relied on the power of the divine realm all this time to frantically expand throughout space, until Wang Ling's appearance caused him to thoroughly abandon his plan of universal domination.

"Divine One, why have you dropped by..." When Star Lord spoke this time, it was in Mandarin. Actually, he had always been able to speak Mandarin, and as an alien, his pronunciation was actually very spot-on.

He was actually very interested in Earth culture; it was just that for the sake of his reputation, he had never expressed it.

For the sake of establishing friendly ties with Earth this time, Star Lord had been dragged into supplementary lessons while he recuperated. This time, not only did he learn what was required in order to live on Earth, he even learned some advanced subject matter - Thousand-Winged God had him study advanced math, linear algebra, advanced functions, vector space... he couldn't escape any of it.

It was so... so hard!

Why would this terrifying planet study such frightening things?!

Wang Ling gazed at Star Lord's small, deathly white face - a green face could actually turn lime in color. It was clear that the trauma which Wang Ling had inflicted on this Star Lord wasn't small.

Of course, Wang Ling had come on business this time, and not to deliberately tease Star Lord. He straightaway asked telepathically what he wanted to know. Actually, Wang Ling felt that he might learn more if he went to the divine realm and asked around, but he disliked how high and mighty the Winged Gods were.

Also, Divine Dao Star was the one planet inspired by the divine realm, and after so many years of expanding throughout space, Star Lord might know quite a fair bit.

Wang Ling would only deal with those Winged Gods as a last resort. When their wings were spread open, the most was over a thousand wings in number, which was a ghastly sight for someone with trypophobia.

Wang Ling felt that the author completely hadn't taken the animation team into account when writing this bit back then - it was too hard to draw a thousand-winged angel! This was just asking the illustrator to die!

Thus, Wang Ling had always imagined that when the time came to animate this bit, the animation team might as well collaborate with KFC on an ad and stick New Orleans roast chicken wings on these Winged Gods, which would be both profitable and cost-effective.

You could even endorse a few more chicken wing products, like hot wings, finger-licking good chicken and so on.

Star Lord was stumped by Wang Ling's question. "Divine One, you're asking if there are other types of power apart from Heavenly Dao, Outer Dao and Divine Dao?"

Star Lord pondered carefully for a while before he replied, "As far as I know, there shouldn't be any..."

Speaking of this, Star Lord wiped his sweat. Wang Ling had thrashed him with just a few moves back then - in terms of strength alone, can there be anyone in the whole universe clearer on this point than you?

But since Wang Ling had asked the question sincerely, Star Lord could only answer according to the facts. Furthermore, he came up with his own conjecture. "Of all the supreme powers that currently exist in the universe, apart from Outer Dao, Divine Dao and Heavenly Dao, there indeed is no other power. Even if there was, it most likely wouldn't count as one of the supreme powers. Also, most powers share a common foundation. The reason Outer Dao, Divine Dao and Heavenly Dao are seen as supreme powers is that there is a common link between these three... Therefore..."

Saying this, Star Lord turned his head to look at Wang Ling, only to unexpectedly discover that the latter wasn't listening and was instead seriously going through the Three Five that Star Lord had done.

This was homework which Thousand-Winged God had left with Star Lord, and which Wang Ling was marking at the moment.

"You made quite a lot of mistakes. Work harder." A short moment later, Wang Ling put the marked Three Five at the head of Star Lord's bed.

Star Lord: "..."

...

Elsewhere, in the noodle shop, Wang Ming and Guo Ping were waiting for news from Wang Ling. Wang Ling was now still in management mode. His eyes were lifeless and his pupils dim; at first glance, he looked very easy to bully... but neither of them dared offend him so easily.

"I wonder how things are coming along." Hands clasped behind his back, Guo Ping paced back and forth a little worriedly inside the noodle shop.

"How is the Divine Eye investigation coming along?" asked Wang Ming.

After screening, they had already substantially narrowed down the field of investigation, and Wang Ming had a feeling that it was almost time.

"Let me ask." Just as Guo Ping took out his phone again, it rang.

It was a series of screams, and so mournful that Guo Ping's hand shook and almost dropped the phone.

Quickly composing himself, Guo Ping asked, "Hello! This is Guo Ping! What's going on?!"

The screaming from the research institute made Guo Ping uneasy.

"Is this Professor Guo Ping?" The voice of a stranger rang out on the other end of the phone.

Guo Ping knew all the staff in the institute like the back of his hand, and this was clearly the voice of an outsider.

He frowned. "Who are you?"

"Professor Guo's plan to determine Student Fang's whereabouts using the Divine Eye was a good one. You guessed right: Student Fang was abducted. However, I'm afraid you can no longer investigate his location." As soon as the stranger on the other end of the phone said the words, several shadow figures broke the glass in the door to Fang Xing's noodle shop!

"Damn!" Guo Ping was shocked; they were under attack!

Five Nascent Soul experts in black shadow suits entered the noodle shop. In that split second, Wang Ming pulled Guo Ping back to hide.

Wang Ming couldn't make out their appearance, since the black shadow suit was a unique type of military-grade Daoist robe that turned into shadow when worn. However, it was extremely expensive to make - there was no way a regular organization could afford such a large shadow army corps.

More importantly, the black shadow suit was a state secret which was only handed out to cultivation secret service agents to use in secret military affairs.

But now, all these people were wearing the same suit, which was unimaginable to Wang Ming and Guo Ping.

The five Nascent Soul cultivators charged into the noodle shop, their intentions clear. The head of the black shadow group ordered, "Go! Kill everyone here and head back for a debriefing!"

As soon as he said that, one person swung a knife down at Wang Ling in management mode...





Chapter 984 Wang Ling's SP


Wang Ming and Guo Ping had never seen so many people wearing these shadow suits before. It was very clear that all of this was premeditated.

When Guo Ping called the research institute earlier, there had been screaming. The institute must have also been attacked by shadow men.

But Guo Ping was puzzled. The black shadow suit was a confidential state military project. To be able to make so many of them for a military attack, the other side's background definitely wasn't ordinary.

"Are they from the Dark Network or a dark force?" In a split second, various thoughts flew through Wang Ming's head.

These people were fully armed and well-organized. They were able to perfectly launch surprise attacks at the same time. This wasn't something that the Dark Network or a regular dark force could do. Furthermore, almost all members of the Dark Network and dark forces that were currently on the books were under surveillance, with the cultivation police planting undercover agents in their midst.

This undercover plan was also known as the "Three years ago on the rooftop and another three years after, and baby Gin is bitter there isn't a normal person around1" plan.

1(A mash-up of an allusion to a scene from the movie "Infernal Affairs" and to the villain Gin from "Detective Conan.") The plan's name sounded very long, but this was a well-placed security measure since apart from the undercover agents, no one else could repeat this name after hearing it just once, so anyone who couldn't recite it completely was a fake undercover agent!

"Wang Ming... this group is very strong, we aren't their match! Also, they don't seem to be using spiritual energy..." Unlike Wang Ming, Guo Ping was at the Nascent Soul stage, but he trembled in the face of these shadow men who were also Nascent Soul cultivators.

These people weren't using spiritual energy to power their spells, and this unknown element frightened the both of them.

Thus, the moment this group of shadow men charged in, Wang Ming and Guo Ping instinctively hid behind Wang Ling.

Carrying a knife, the head of the black shadow men sneered, unaware of Wang Ling's identity. "A bunch of researchers hiding behind a teenager; how stupid can you be? But it doesn't matter - everyone here has to die!"

With that, he swung the knife at Wang Ling's head. This slash was very fierce as it cut through the air so quickly that the atmosphere instantly exploded with heat and produced steam.

Knife raised, head falls!

But this was only what the shadow man imagined would happen.

In fact, when the knife approached Wang Ling, who was in management mode, his head didn't even move. Instead, balls of firepower instantly coalesced in the King's Eye and a laser shot out, promptly reducing the knife to powder...

The head of the shadow men reacted very quickly. Unlike previous villains who were instantly killed, he immediately discarded the knife and backed away the moment Wang Ling's defensive light ray shattered the blade.

At the same time, a fatal sense of danger crept into his heart...

"What the hell is up with this person..." The head of the shadow man broke into a cold sweat.

He had no doubt that if he had hesitated just now, his entire being would have vanished alongside the blade, crushed to ash by Wang Ling's defensive light ray.

"Retreat!"

The head of the shadow men gave the order on the spot.

Their initial plan was to exterminate all scientific researchers on a global scale. If the attack was unsuccessful, they could choose to retreat and report it to their superiors, and the organization would later specially formulate a plan to deal with the researchers they had yet to kill.

The five who invaded the noodle shop had initially been very confident. Like Bai Youquan, they used their new powers to do whatever they wanted.

They were at the Nascent Soul stage, but their strength was several times that of a typical Nascent Soul cultivator.

That was the very reason why Guo Ping, who was also at the Nascent Soul stage, shivered when the five invaded the noodle shop.

They had already locked onto Guo Ping and Wang Ming's location earlier on, but had overlooked Wang Ling.

Wang Ling was too strong, and the five people were unable to carry out the assassination plan smoothly.

Thus, they planned to retreat.

They activated the escape buttons on the black shadow suits. In a mere split second, these five people were reduced to clouds of shadows in the air that turned into streams of black matter as they fled in one direction.

But it was already too late.

At that very moment, Wang Ling's slack pupils in management mode finally focused.

Wang Ling was back.

He was already done with his investigation. While he hadn't obtained any useful information, the memories of his management state flooded his mind the moment his soul returned.

"Stay."

Wang Ling stared at the five black shadow men expressionlessly. He guessed the reason they were running was to go back and report to their organization, so he couldn't let them escape.

And so, Wang Ling spread his five fingers, and the five men who were fleeing were once again caught in the air.

"Ahhh!"

They screamed one after another as they were pulled back through the sky like stringy cheese. Then, with five thuds, they fell to the ground, piled on top of each other.

Meanwhile, Wang Ling also finally sensed that the five men weren't the same as the cultivators he normally dealt with. He had used the same amount of strength as usual - enough to squash an ant - to carefully reel them in, but had felt an unprecedented resistance.

As Guo Ping said, these weren't normal cultivators who used spiritual energy to power their spells; what they were using instead was an unknown energy form that was a lot more concentrated than "primordial qi."

Wang Ling was deeply interested at this.

Because of how excessively powerful primordial qi was, Wang Ling had been constantly looking for a way to suppress it. Relying purely on the Dao talisman seal was useless; sooner or later, he would have to find a way to control this power himself.

And now, an energy form far more concentrated than primordial qi had actually appeared.

Then, how was this group of black shadow men controlling it?

Numerous thoughts flew through Wang Ling's mind in a split second.

The five men were bound with several magic rings and immediately restricted by Wang Ling's power of Heavenly Dao. Since he wasn't sure what their strength was like, Wang Ling deliberately used a little more force this time.

The five men were restrained on the spot. Wang Ling clapped his hands and actually felt for the first time that catching someone was hard work. It looked like he would need to eat a few more packets of crispy noodles today to replenish his SP2...

(Stamina points..) In that round just now, if a full SP bar was 100 points, he had used up a full three points! How terrible!

After all, when he had dealt with Evil Sword God back then, he had only used 1 SP!

Just these five Nascent Soul cultivators were already so hard to deal with; who knew what type of enemy he would encounter in the future.

At that very moment, a figure covered in blood staggered into the noodle shop.

"Zhai Yin!" Wang Ming cried out when he saw who it was.





Chapter 985 The Plot to Wipe Out Research Institutes All Over the World


Zhai Yin's injuries were severe and she was drenched in blood. It seemed it had taken the last of her willpower to reach the noodle shop and look for Wang Ming. The moment she arrived and saw that Wang Ming was safe, it was as if a weight was finally lifted off her shoulders, and she fainted, her face bloodless.

Guo Ping rushed over in dismay. "She's close to dying... She's lost a lot of blood!"

At the same time, he was deeply shaken by Zhai Yin's willpower. As expected of Zhai Yin - it wasn't just anyone who would be able to make it here while bleeding so severely.

The situation was serious, and Wang Ling was about to help when Er Ha suddenly emerged from under a table to straightaway use the Toad clan's Swallowing Spell on Zhai Yin.

After swallowig Zhai Yin, Er Ha burped. "Little master, you don't have to do anything; I can save her."

"You?" Wang Ming was a little dubious.

When the shadows had burst in earlier, this green-furred dog had run faster than anyone else and squeezed under a table...

"You didn't come out earlier, so why are you coming out now?" Guo Ping smiled; he recalled Er Ha's terrified expression and thought it was pretty funny.

"Ai, I don't know why I'm so cowardly - probably because the author forgot about me when he wrote the last chapter..." Er Ha sighed.

"Can you really heal her?" asked Wang Ming.

"No problem, our Tuntian Ha clan's toad oil is a natural and holy curative; it can cure internal or external injuries in an instant. From the moment my body changed, I've been storing it up, and there's enough for dozens of people," said Er Ha.

After a few minutes, it opened its mouth and spat out a brand new Zhai Yin.

Everything was as Er Ha said. Zhai Yin had completely recovered from her injuries, and even her complexion looked much better. In the demon world, the Tuntian Ha clan's toad oil could be directly used in trade as a top quality medicine, and part of the Tuntian Ha clan's economic network was propped up by sales of toad oil.

They then used the money from selling toad oil to buy large quantities of meaty houseflies as supplementary nourishment. Houseflies were hundreds of times cheaper than toad oil, and once eaten and digested, they became brand new toad oil.

This endless economic loop was like a perpetual motion machine which made money for the Tuntian Ha clan in the demon world.

Immersed in the toad oil, Zhai Yin was like a baby in its mother's womb, and her internal and external injuries were healed in no time.

After Er Ha spat her out, she very quickly regained consciousness and slowly opened her eyes.

"She's awake!" Wang Ming was excited.

Even Wang Ling had an amazed expression on his face; the toad oil was even more effective than he had imagined.

"Chief Zhai, what is going on?" Guo Ping asked anxiously.

He and Wang Ming had already mentally prepared themselves; given how severe Zhai Yin's injuries were, there was no doubt that the research institute was already in disarray.

After the Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu's arrest and the collapse of the number one dark force, plus the fact that practically all the Dark Network's criminal activities were being monitored, Wang Ming and Guo Ping truly never expected that there would be another organization powerful enough to suddenly attack the research institute with armed forces.

For the other party to launch a surprise attack on the research institute just as Earth was about to establish diplomatic ties with aliens was the greatest provocation.

"The research institute... almost everyone was killed, and Old Qi's whereabouts are unknown..." Zhai Yin pulled herself together and said, "They started slaughtering everyone as soon as they entered; if Wang Ming's long johns hadn't helped me deflect several fatal hits... I wouldn't have survived the first round of attacks."

When she said this, Zhai Yin took the long johns out from her storage space; even though they had been enchanted by Wang Ling, this long johns divine artifact was actually unable to withstand an attack for the first time ever and was already completely destroyed, riddled as it was with holes.

Even Wang Ling was a little astonished when he saw this. He never thought that there would still be this sort of power on Earth. If he had known earlier, he would've upgraded the long johns.

"Who on earth launched the attack? Were they the same as this bunch in shadow suits?" Wang Ming asked as he pointed at the five on the ground.

"That's right. They wore the same thing and snuck in unnoticed, which was why everyone in the research institute were hit hard..." Zhai Yin frowned. "Also, it wasn't just our institute that was attacked, but institutes all over the world were also hit..."

"How can this be..." Guo Ping turned pale.

"The other party's goal is already very clear: this is a plot to wipe out all the research institutes around the world; I'm afraid that all scientific researchers have fallen." Wang Ming frowned; if they hadn't been with Wang Ling this time, they would probably already be dead.

"Who on earth are you?" Er Ha asked as he stepped on a shadow man.

"Just kill us! We won't betray our organization."

The five shadow men turned their heads to the side; they were very stubborn and wouldn't confess.

If Wang Ling hadn't been quick enough, they might have already killed themselves.

Wang Ling could see that they weren't afraid of death.

If they could escape, they would. If not, they weren't the least bit afraid of dying.

"It looks like it's no use asking them." Guo Ping analyzed the situation unhurriedly. "There are now a few issues we have to address. First: Where on earth did this group of shadow men come from, and on whose instigation?

"Second: What is this power that they're using?

"Third: What is the purpose behind attacking and killing scientific researchers all over the world?

"Fourth: If they are just targeting scientific researchers, why did they capture Student Fang?"

When Guo Ping brought up the fourth point, something suddenly struck Wang Ming and his eyes lit up. "We don't have any answers for the first three points yet, but I can think of several likely possibilities for the fourth point."

Guo Ping: "What are they?"

Wang Ming: "Teacher Guo, don't tell me you've forgetten Fang Xing's true identity and background..."

Guo Ping's face darkened. "Are you saying..."

Wang Ming: "Perhaps Student Fang himself has no value to them, but his father was a capable inventor under Old Devil back then. It's likely that they seized Student Fang Xing for his genes, to resurrect True Immortal She Pi... Of course, this is all conjecture right now; I still can't figure out the reason for wantonly massacring scientific researchers..."

"The news is being suppressed for now, but fire can't be wrapped in paper for long..." Zhai Yin was already checking the news online at the moment.

The massacre of scientific researchers on a global scale was a huge event, but if it was carelessly divulged, it could trigger panic throughout the entire cultivation world. It was for this reason that news of the event was being suppressed for now.

But both Wang Ling and Wang Ming were well aware.

Now that something like this had happened, they had to find a way to resolve it in the near future or it would ultimately become very hard to fix.





Chapter 986 Plaster Cast


Guo Ping and Wang Ming had successfully avoided this assault, but Wang Ling was guessing that this group of shadow men wouldn't let them off so easily. The two of them would be under threat if they remained on Earth, so after some discussion, Wang Ling directly took Wang Ming, Guo Ping as well as the five shadow men he had captured to Divine Dao Star.

This was the second time Wang Ling frightened Star Lord of Divine Dao Star as he fell off the bed... His injury tore open a second time - it didn't seem he would be able to make a full recovery so easily.

"Rest assured, Ling Zhenren, I'll do everything I can to protect these two." When Star Lord made this promise, his subordinates were pressed to the door outside as they listened in.

Interrogation of the five shadow men started that night on Divine Dao Star as they were stripped of their black shadow suits roughly by the Divine Dragons. Interrogation on Divine Dao Star wasn't complicated since the Divine Dragons had their own methods: the thousand-degree blade and the hydraulic press.

The so-called thousand-degree blade was a knife made from highly concentrated divine energy molecules which was used to cut the skin. Although the cuts weren't large, they were a thousand times more painful than those caused by a common blade; even just a small cut on an acupuncture point would be excruciating.

The second was the hydraulic press.

The hydraulic press on Divine Dao Star ran on divine energy. During torture, the Divine Dragons would hook up some body part, usually the arm, of the person being interrogated to the hydraulic press.

When the hydraulic press was activated, whatever was in its path would be crushed to dust.

These people weren't afraid of death, and even sought it; as long as they weren't killed, they refused to speak, which was why Star Lord's first reaction was to double the pain they received.

Since their lips were tightly sealed and they weren't afraid to die, he could only use these methods to make them open their mouths.

Although it was very painful, these methods wouldn't create large wounds; even using the divine energy hydraulic press to press down on a person's arm wasn't lethal. The moment it pressed down, highly concentrated divine energy molecules would immediately cause the injury to clot and stop the bleeding. However, the pain it caused was hundreds of thousands of times more painful than getting your arm cut off.

Previously, to force other aliens to sign unequal treaties with Divine Dao Star, Star Lord had used these tried-and-true methods to force their leaders to give in.

In Divine Dao Star's divine prison, Wang Ling, Wang Ming and Guo Ping had come to observe the interrogation, which was being personally handled by Star Lord. The Divine Dragons had never seen this happen before, but they recognized who Wang Ling was from his dead fish eyes...

All the Divine Dragons shivered.

They absolutely couldn't be mistaken. Back then, Jingke and Bai Qiao had combined to create Jingbai, and those pair of dead fish eyes left a deep impression on them. The Divine Dragons knew of Jingbai's true identity as a sword spirit, and that he had been summoned by a teenager. None of them had seen Wang Ling before, but they knew that Jingbai also had a pair of dead fish eyes...

It was said that a sword spirit resembled its master.

Now, with Wang Ling presiding over the situation behind Star Lord, the latter didn't even dare fart.

From Star Lord's attitude, it really wasn't hard to guess Wang Ling's true identity.

By the time Wang Ling arrived, Star Lord had already ordered the five shadow men to be stripped of their clothes, and they were all interrogated separately to prevent collusion beforehand.

The interrogation room was made from a special material and odd divine patterns were carved into it which prevented the possibility of telepathic communication.

Star Lord surveyed the five individuals after they were stripped and waved his hand right away. "Prepare to begin."

However, just as several Divine Dragons were about to make cuts with the thousand-degree blade, one of the torturers noticed something odd.

"Your Excellency Star Lord, there seems to be a problem..."

"What is it?"

"These people have a mark on their buttocks which I've never seen before."

"Mark?" Star Lord furrowed his brow. Just as he was about to step forward, he thought of something, and then stepped aside to make way for Wang Ling and the others first.

"This young man is worth teaching." Wang Ming and Guo Ping patted Star Lord's shoulder one after another as they brushed past him.

Star Lord choked with vexation at losing face in front of so many subordinates. However! It was his desire to live that made him act that way.

"What mark is this?" Wang Ming mused as he gazed at it. Although he couldn't cultivate, he was very well-read. However, he couldn't recall ever seeing such a mark, and he felt that it was a little strange.

"In all my years of research, I've never seen this thing." Guo Ping shook his head.

Star Lord of Divine Dao Star took a look and also frowned. Initially, he had wanted to step forward and show off, only to realize in the end that he too didn't recognize this mark. The situation lapsed into awkwardness for a moment.

But at that moment, a familiar voice rang out. "Perhaps, I recognize it..."

Looking in the direction of the voice, Wang Ling realized that it was actually coming from the cast that Star Lord was wearing.

Wang Ling: "???"

Star Lord was also startled. "What the hell... you are..."

"Don't remember my voice?" The plaster cast laughed.

While Star Lord had yet to react, Wang Ling had recognized the voice: it was that divine throne which Jingbai had cut in half previously.

"You're that throne..." Wang Ling said as he gazed at the cast on Star Lord's leg.

"As expected of Ling Zhenren - indeed, it is I!"

Everyone: "..."

"How did you turn into a cast?" Guo Ping was curious.

"I'm made of very costly material, after all. Without me, it might be very hard for Star Lord's leg to be completely healed. So God crushed me and ground me into a plaster and had me stick to Star Lord's thigh."

"..."

"Also, this is my punishment from God for going up against Ling Zhenren... Star Lord has a little too much leg hair, which is really unbearably prickly."

"..."

After everyone calmed down, Wang Ling continued and asked, "Do you recognize this mark?"

"I do." The divine throne-turned-cast said, "I was created by God; I know all things in the universe and have seen all kinds of buttocks. I've lived for so long, what kind of ass have I not seen..."

Everyone: "..."

The divine throne said, "This mark is called the fate mark. The means by which it is activated is very special: one has to cultivate a special Dao called Fate Dao to bring this mark about and to use Fate techniques."

"So there really is another power in the universe apart from Heavenly Dao, Outer Dao and Divine Dao?"

"Of course," the divine throne replied. "But Fate Dao is very special and only extraordinary people with the designated right to do so can cultivate it. Those without such a privilege will never be able to comprehend it in their lifetimes."





Chapter 987 The Shadow Men's Secret


Fate Dao...

Wang Ling had never heard of this, but among the Heavenly Dao, there was indeed one that had to do with fate, which Wang Ling had cast before, a very long time ago. In Chapter 23 of the novel, he once used the "Great Fate Spell" to predict Guo Hao's future. In six hundred years, Guo Hao would open the largest seafood market chain since the founding of Huaxiu, Haidilao Hot Pot.

But looking at the strength of the master behind this group of shadow men, this "Fate Dao" was different from the "Great Fate Spell." Bluntly speaking, the Great Fate Spell was just one of the Heavenly Dao spells, while "Fate Dao" was a separate type of Dao altogether.

This was the difference between the two.

As a standalone Dao, the profundities of Fate Dao were clearly inherently different to that of the Great Fate Spell.

"So, is it also because of Fate Dao that these people can be resurrected?" Wang Ming made a guess. He wasn't surprised by the existence of Fate Dao; what he was really curious about was whether Fate Dao, as a special type of Dao, had the ability to select its master.

Extrapolating from this point, Wang Ling might not be the only "chosen one" in the universe. But the question was, what was up with that teenager in Wang Ming's dream who looked exactly like Wang Ling?

Wang Ming was a little dazed.

Was it possible that the universe didn't elect chosen ones at random? Were the only ones chosen those with dead fish eyes...

Wang Ming's mind went blank at this conclusion. He didn't have dead fish eyes, but a pair of attractive double eyelids that were natural and gave one an indolent feeling. So, could the real reason he couldn't cultivate be that the gods were jealous of his double eyelids?

After coming up with this conjecture, Wang Ming felt slightly despondent...

"Has Brother Wang Ming thought of something?"

"No... no..." Wang Ming came back to his senses. In reality, he had just been wondering whether to get plastic surgery after he returned to Earth to change his double eyelids to dead fish eyes...

"Looking at this Fate Dao mark now, it indeed seems to be the case," the divine throne replied without the slightest bit of hesitation. A face slowly emerged on Star Lord's leg cast.

This face was identical to the one that had appeared on the divine throne before; golden petals had even floated down from the heavens back then, which made for an incomparably holy-looking scene...

But after the divine throne turned into a leg, this sort of appearance gave off an indescribably creepy feeling.

The divine throne looked at the head of the shadow men in front of it. "You can't fool me, let alone Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch. Speak, where are you from..."

"Since you know everything, why do you need to ask me?" The head sneered. He was utterly unafraid of death and wouldn't reveal any secrets. Most importantly, he had the Fate Dao mark; if these people forcibly invaded his mind to steal his memories, the Fate Dao mark would instantly act to kill him.

When that time came, he would be set free.

He would no longer suffer the agony of torture.

But it seemed that the shadow man had misunderstood something. Although he wouldn't speak, this didn't mean that he could use this to threaten the divine throne.

After all, the divine throne was the messenger that had been sent by the divine realm to assist in Star Lord's growth. It had originally been the exclusive stool which Thousand-Winged God put his feet up on... how noble was its status!

"For thousands of years, I listened to Lord God's exalted words as he rested his feet on me. Apart from Ling Zhenren and His Excellency Jingbai, who else can be arrogant and tyrannical before my venerable self?" As the divine throne spoke lighty, its extremely ingratiating words greatly shocked Wang Ling and the others.

Actually, it wasn't the fawning that was the problem, but the fact that the divine throne could actually make it sound so righteous... Wang Ling had barely heard anything like it before.

As for the divine throne calling itself "my venerable self," Wang Ling actually didn't see anything wrong with it.

It was essentially a chair seat 1 , after all!

1("Venerable self" and "seat" share the same character 座..) What should it call itself, if not that?

"You're not getting anything from me." The head of the shadow men grit his teeth.

"If my venerable self were to speak the truth, you would no longer be so relaxed."

The divine throne laughed coldly. "You can act so wantonly here because you aren't afraid of death. Judging from the mark on your buttocks, your master probably created another world, and you are the specters that travel between the two worlds. Am I right?"

The head of the shadow men's face instantly turned unsightly.

"What do you mean by 'specters that travel between the two worlds'?" Wang Ming asked.

"It's simple," the divine throne replied. "These people aren't meant to appear in this world to begin with... They're already dead."

"Dead?"

"That's right." The divine throne nodded. "But because of the Fate Dao mark, they were brought back to life in another world. My guess is that this other world is a mirror image of the real one. All the people who died in the real world were resurrected in that world through some kind of Fate Dao spell."

"How do you know that?!" The head was pale with fright. He never expected the other side to actually hit the mark and cover practically everything.

"It seems that my guess is absolutely correct." The divine throne nodded again.

Everyone: "..."

The head refused to believe it. "You actually tricked me?!"

"My venerable self is a throne of the gods, why can't I trick you?" The divine throne smiled. "I know something of Fate Dao, but in the end, this is only what I heard from God's exalted speech, which isn't much. However, Fate Dao is a Dao which warps fate. Thus, my venerable self guessed that Fate Dao techniques should be related to resurrection. Since this group of people aren't afraid to die, they must think that even if they die here, they'll be able to come back to life in the other world."

"A perfectly reasonable guess." Wang Ming and Guo Ping also nodded.

Just then, Zhai Yin thought of something. "Then, does the murder of the scientists in the research institute have something to do with Fate Dao? After they were killed, their bodies were taken away. What is the purpose of these shadow men in taking away the bodies?"

"Things seem quite clear now."

Wang Ming slowly closed his eyes and came up with a conjecture. "Scientific researchers across the country have all been murdered. This was definitely a premeditated plan. On the surface, it looks like they killed the researchers, when in fact they intended to use Fate Dao techniques to take the researchers to another world and ultimately make use of them. As for why these people are so unrestrained..."

Wang Ming paused, then said, "I'm afraid it has a lot to do with the fact that they can be resurrected. Is there a way to solve this?"

"There is."

The divine throne continued, "We just need to throw their Fate Dao into disarray."

"How?" Wang Ling asked telepathically.

The divine throne gave an astonishing reply: "Swap out their asses."

Everyone: "..."





Chapter 988 Palace of Mirrors


To swap out the Fate Dao mark and thereby break the order of fate - this was the solution the divine throne came up with.

Since this bunch wasn't worried about dying because of the Fate Dao mark, their confidence just needed to be broken and they would naturally confess.

The head of the black shadow men was bewildered and uncertain. He didn't doubt what the divine throne said at all. Based on the powerful divinity it was radiating, the head was aware that he wasn't this thing's match. The boost from the Fate Dao mark greatly increased their strength in combat, but what kind of hallowed thing was this divine chair?

"Back then we were persecuted and remained buried in the earth for hundreds of years... It wasn't easy for us to come back to life, and we just want to serve our master and live well. Please don't cut off the only path we have," the head of the black shadow men begged after an internal struggle.

"Very good."

The divine throne laughed. "So tell me first: who on earth is the person who orchestrated this plan?"

"His surname is Bai, Bai Youquan... He's our direct superior. We don't qualify to meet anyone else at a higher level," said the head.

Bai Youquan?

Wang Ming felt this name was a little familiar.

He frowned. "I recall that before Bai Zhe was caught, didn't he have a son called Bai Youquan? He was an illegitimate child who died very young. According to Bai Zhe himself, when he carried his son around, he frequently treated him like a dumbbell to train his muscles. Once, he accidentally broke his own arm, and coupled with his Yin spiritual qi attribute, this Yin energy invaded the child's body and straightaway froze him to death at just several months old."

"..." Everyone was astounded and never thought something like this could happen.

As for why Bai Youquan could be resurrected, everyone no longer had any doubts after understanding the properties of Fate Dao.

People who had already been dead for hundreds of years could be resurrected, to say nothing of Bai Zhe's child.

Adding Wang Ming's strange dream to the mix, they could now confirm that the resurrection of President Bai Zhe and Devil Gut Fungus Lord in the dream was very likely true.

Then, who was the person behind the scenes?

Was it that white-haired young man who looked identical to Wang Ling?

Now that they had proof related to the resurrection he saw in his dream, Wang Ming's heart couldn't help trembling.

Who on earth was copying Wang Ling's face?

He needed answers.

"What's your name and what did you do before you were brought back to life?" The divine throne continued with its questions.

"My, my name is Yu Zhong... before I was resurrected, I was a Chinese who grew up overseas, and I joined a foreign mercenary organization... I died in a battle between mercenaries."

"Battle between mercenaries?"

"Yes. Fights between mercenary cultivators are very common overseas. Most of them are vagrant cultivators, many of whom join mercenary organizations voluntarily as a way to make a living. A lot are duped into joining, initially wanting to make a quick buck, and only realizing after they joined how hard it is to get out... Although they make plenty of money, they don't dare use it in many situations," said Yu Zhong, this head of the black shadow men.

Wang Ling and the others all nodded when they heard this.

The history of mercenary cultivators was quite complex. Wang Ling remembered that Lao Gudong had touched on this a little when talking about overseas history in history class.

In many situations, these so-called mercenary organizations were set up in secret and didn't serve any country, but worked for themselves. Any nation could secretly hire them and commission them to carry out classified jobs.

The mercenary organizations took a neutral stance: if there was a conflict in assignments, they would work for the highest bidder.

Most of these unaffiliated vagrant cultivators were unregistered citizens, and no information on their identities could be found at all outside their circle.

Therefore, there was no way to trace their identities after they died.

"The situation is now very clear," said Guo Ping. "Most of these black shadow men were probably vagrant mercenaries hundreds of years ago, and their identities can't be traced. Even if we were to know their names now, there's nothing to investigate."

"That's exactly it."

Wang Ming nodded, and fixing his gaze on the head of the shadow men in front of him, he took out an electronic map and placed it before the latter. "I now need you to point out the location of your base."

"The base is in the Palace of Mirrors. There's no way for me to point it out on this map of yours, but I can show you where the entrance is." After he said this, Yu Zhong pointed at a spot on the map, then begged, "But please, don't swap out our butts..."

"You don't have to worry about that," said Wang Ming.

...

Soon, the interrogation was done.

Star Lord of Divine Dao Star saw Wang Ling and the rest off from Star Lord's Palace.

Before leaving, Wang Ming asked the divine throne curiously, "Will switching out their buttocks truly destroy the Fate Dao mark?"

"Of course not. I have no idea how to do it, I simply made something up to scare him," answered the divine throne.

Everyone: "..."

...

Ten-odd minutes later, Wang Ling and the others appeared at the mouth of the secret alley to the Palace of Mirrors.

Wang Ming had made ample preparations and had brought Wang Ling Two and Wang Ling One with him. He wore the newly-developed Two metal suit and Guo Ping the One metal suit; now, both of them had the strength to fight.

There were people guarding the mouth of the alley. To avoid alerting the enemy, Wang Ling used his King's Eye to cover the scene so that what the guards saw was an image of the alley from an hour ago.

This move allowed them to go completely unnoticed and was a lot more useful than an invisibility spell.

That head of the black shadow men hadn't lied; when Wang Ling and the others entered the alley, they noticed the mouth on the wall.

"How do we get in?" asked Guo Ping.

Wang Ming used the Deduction Technique to go through several possibilities before saying, "You have to put your hand into the mouth and say the password. If it isn't right, it'll straightaway bite your arm off. I've yet to figure out what the password is, though..."

"Don't bother."

At that moment, Wang Ling stepped forward.

Touching the big mouth on this stone wall, he simply directly thrust his hand inside, then pulled out a long red tongue.

The stone mouth was caught completely unaware by Wang Ling's thrust - too deep! It was too deep down its throat! Its throat felt swollen from this thrust...

" Wuwuwu... " the stone mouth cried; it had no eyes, so the tears poured out of the mouth.

Wang Ling gazed at the stone mouth, his expression as calm as an ancient well. "Let us in."

Stone mouth: " Wuwuwu ... no, I can't..."

Wang Ling opened his dead fish eyes. "If not, I'll beat you to death."

Stone mouth: "I'll open..."





Chapter 989 A Reverse World


It was only after entering the Palace of Mirrors that Wang Ling and the others discovered how strange it was. They didn't emerge at the mouth of an alley, but seemed to have been transported to a random corner of the city. It wasn't just them, but different people continued to gather here in light particle bodies, some old and some young. After appearing in this world, it was as if they had been given new realms, and they all headed in one direction.

In this flood of people, plenty of them were wearing white coats.

"Isn't that Old Chen..." Guo Ping saw a familiar figure, but he felt that things weren't right and didn't step forward to call out to the other party.

"It's pretty much as we guessed: sure enough, these people who died in the real world for one reason or another were brought back to life here." Wang Ming adjusted the armor on him and entered "camouflage mode." In this mode, Wang Ling One and Wang Ling Two would disguise themselves using masks similar to human skin.

This was a function based on Wang Ling's "Great Transfiguration Spell" which Wang Ming developed after many experiments.

"Shall we ask him about the situation?" Guo Ping gazed at the researcher with the surname Chen for a moment and thought of going over to ask about the situation. Before he could do so, however, the researcher in the white coat was promptly seized by shadows which had fallen from the sky.

It was a group of black shadow men just like the five that had been captured previously. They were very skillful, and one could tell that they were probably also mercenary cultivators from hundreds of years ago whose identities couldn't be traced. They had also been resurrected after death and now served as the most loyal subordinates.

"What are you doing... I, I need to go and report!" The researcher with the surname Chen struggled.

"Settle down!" The head of the black shadow men struck the researcher hard in the stomach, and the latter passed out.

Some busybodies nearby were watching.

"What are you looking at?! These people are all criminals that need to be specially handled. Mind your own business and line up properly to register at the dream house!" The black shadow man sneered. He then lifted up the researcher, turned around, and vanished into thin air.

The black shadow suits allowed them to come and go as they liked, and to disappear without a trace.

It was clear that they had received special orders to look out for and seize newly-resurrected researchers in this Palace of Mirrors.

Indeed, these scientific researchers had no idea how they had come to this world or how they had died.

Their memories had all been tampered with.

This was similar to people upgrading a game who needed to enter the novice village and find the original NPC who had given them a task in order to complete the setup.

What on earth was this "dream house"?

"Let's go take a look." Wang Ling and the others followed the trail.

There were a lot of dream houses to register newcomers in this world. Going along with the masses, Wang Ling reached a dream house on a street which seemed a little familiar...

Er Ha was wagging its tail next to Wang Ling, when it saw a sculpture so alarming that it broke out in a cold sweat - it was a sculpture of Er Ha in toad form, which was identical to the one close to Fang Xing's noodle shop in the center of the main street. It had changed, however - the original sculpture was of Zhuo Yi piercing the toad with a sword.

After they entered the world of the Palace of Mirrors, the sculpture had become that of Er Ha swallowing Zhuo Yi.

"So everything is reversed in the Palace of Mirrors?" Wang Ming and the others were also astonished at this scene.

No wonder the street seemed a little familiar, yet different. The street layout was the same, but the direction it lay in had changed, and some of the history of the original world had been distorted to create a completely different ending.

Fang Xing's noodle shop had also switched positions.

The one thing that was completely different was the "dream house" which the black shadow man had mentioned earlier.

This was the sole place set up by the creator behind the scenes of this world for registering newcomers. The setup inside the dream house was very simple: a woman, also wearing a black shadow suit, typed the registration information into a computer, while two black shadow goons stood on both sides to maintain order.

Everyone who came here were asked a series of questions, before the registrar turned a prize wheel behind her.

At the very beginning, Wang Ling and the others didn't understand what the wheel was for, but after watching several people register, they were enlightened.

They were standing at the back of the line when a good-looking boy went up.

"Name," the registrar asked.

"Cai Yifan."

The registrar typed the name into the computer and did a check. "Mm, you're Cai Yifan 1 . You like playing basketball, but people hate the unmanly way you play, and they made guichu videos of it. When you clicked a video, your heart was affected by the rhythm and inadvertently sped up with it, ultimately resulting in your death."

1(A combination of Cai Xukun and Wu Yifan.) When the registrar said this, the young man seemed to recall something and then shed tears of grievance. "That's right... that's what happened, I remember now..."

"Mm, now is the moment to decide your fate." Then, the registrar spun the prize wheel behind her, and the pointer ultimately stopped on a strange rune.

"Congratulations, it's the Human Path. You can continue to live here as a human." The registrar smiled.

"Hu... man..."

"Relax, this is a beautiful world where everyone is proud to play basketball. Your girly movements will be admired here. I hope you'll live well here. I'm called Dream Matron, I wouldn't deceive you."

"Thank you."

The young man looked grateful, but then looked puzzled. "Since I'm already dead, then is this heaven..."

"You can think so. You don't need money to make any transactions in this world as all the resources here are shared. You can obtain and do whatever you want." The registrar smiled mysteriously. "Congratulations again. The possibility of getting 'human' on the prize wheel is very low."

"It looks like there are six Paths written on the prize wheel." Er Ha spoke in the queue. "Hell Path, Hungry Ghost Path, Beast Path, Human Path, Asura Path and Nether Path... After Heavenly Path became an independent Great Dao, its original position was replaced with Nether Path."

After Er Ha said this, a balding, scholarly-looking old man with glasses stepped forward.

"Name," the registrar asked again.

"Qu Yixian 2 ," said the old man.

2(The person who put together "Three Five..") "Mm, I've checked, you died from overwork," Dream Matron looked at the screen and said.

The old man recalled his experienced before his death and begged on the spot, "Please, Dream Matron, allow me to enter the Human Path as well... This old man has no talent, and I brought you some books I wrote as gifts."

"Oh? Mister, you seem to be a man of some capability."

The registrar codenamed Dream Matron gave a smile and took a look at the old man's books.

They were: Three Years of College Exams and Five Years of Simulations (1), Three Years of College Exams and Five Years of Simulations (2), Three Years of College Exams and Five Years of Simulations (3)...

"Take him away." Dream Matron had a pleasant expression on her face.

"Not turning the prize wheel?" a black shadow goon asked.

"No need, send him straight to the Beast Path."





Chapter 990 Symbol Of Peace


"Congratulations, you are a member of the Human Path now." The registrar in the dream house smiled at Wang Ling, then took out a red seal and stamped the back of Wang Ling's hand.

This was the mark of the dream house. Everyone who entered this world got this emblem upon registration as proof of their identities. Of course, Wang Ling and the others were intruders, so there actually weren't any records on them in the registrar's computer. At the moment, however, this dream house registrar was under Wang Ling's control; something like this was a piece of cake for him.

Right now, they didn't know where Fang Xing was, so they could only use infiltration to take part in and destroy this organization's hidden conspiracy.

Er Ha also smoothly cleared the audit, but Wang Ling didn't let the wheel stop on the Human Path. The dream house registrar looked at Er Ha amiably. "Congratulations, Mr Dog, you're still a beast in this life!"

"..." Er Ha didn't think the registrar's words were wrong, but they still sounded strange for some reason! — How could this person curse other people?!

The registration process went smoothly for Wang Ling and the others. As they were about to leave, they were stopped by the two shadow goons next to the registrar. "You guys wait!"

One of the shadow goons had a vigilant expression on his face. He stared at Wang Ling and the others and felt that something was a little strange. "How can dead people come to this world in groups? How did all of you die?"

Wang Ming: "We died in the Infinity War... Someone snapped his fingers, and we died."

The shadow man frowned. "Infinity War?"

He was a mercenary who had died hundreds of years ago; in the end, he was a person from ancient times and didn't understand what Wang Ming was referring to. He just thought the name of this war sounded very impressive.

Was this a battle campaign that had happened after he died?

The shadow man didn't understand.

At that moment, Guo Ping whispered an additional line in the befuddled shadow man's ear.

Guo Ping: "Hail Hydra."

The shadow man froze on the spot.

He didn't know what a "hydra" was, but it was as if these words had an odd devilish power for some reason, which actually made him a little absent-minded when he heard them.

Wang Ling: "..."

Er Ha: "..."

...

Wang Ling and the others got into a spirit car. As Dream Matron said, transport and any sort of expenditure in this world didn't require any money; anyone could get by, by relying on the mark on their hand.

The dead might feel that this could indeed be called a perfect world, but the most frightening thing was that most of their memories had been tampered with. Although they knew how they had died, they didn't know why. They might have become residents of this world after coming here, but they lived more like puppets whose strings were being controlled.

They might start over: find work, marry, and have kids again...

But Wang Ling realized that the people in this world were living aimless lives.

Sitting in the spirit car, Wang Ling observed everyone he could see. None of them had smiles on their faces.

"Is this really okay?" After leaving the dream house some distance behind them, Er Ha stared in the direction of the shadow goon and asked the question telepathically.

"It's fine," Wang Ming replied telepathically. "These people have simple mentalities; they're just goons, and easy to fool. However, we still have to be a little careful when we run into them."

"Wait, you can use telepathy?" Er Ha was shocked.

"You underestimate my mecha suits." Wang Ming smiled.

At that moment, Wang Ling Two had already activated the brain wave transmission function. By relying on brain waves, a telepathic LAN was established which allowed them to communicate directly without being detected.

"Where are we going now?"

"This world has already fallen under the control of the mysterious organization. Naturally, we need to figure out where the organization's nest is. I put a tracker on the researcher who was taken away earlier, and we should be able to find leads on the researchers if we track him," Wang Ming said confidently.

The place they were headed to now was a munitions factory in the northern outskirts of Songhai.

It used to be the headquarters of Weapons Saint Minister Ke, one of the Ten Generals.

After numerous researchers were killed in the real world, they were brought here after coming to this world. The other side was probably cooking up some big hidden plot.

"Is this the place?"

After the spirit car stopped as close to the northern outskirts as possible, Wang Ling and the others decided to proceed on foot to avoid inadvertently alerting the enemy.

This was because on the way over, they realized that apart from the black shadow men, no one was flying around on spirit swords in the sky and everyone used land transport. This was in direct contrast to the real world. In an age of national cultivation, crossing the road on spirit swords was a common thing; as long as you didn't drink and drive, there was nothing to be punished for.

Wang Ling then opened the King's Eye and used an eye technique to cover the scene so that it was frozen on an image of it an hour ago. The munitions factory was heavily guarded in a desolate area; anyone could tell with one look that it was hiding a massive secret inside.

There were now many methods for detecting invisibility, but fortunately they had the power of the King's Eye, so it wouldn't be that easy for them to be discovered.

As they approached the munitions factory, Wang Ling heard a conversation between several of the shadow guards at the door.

"Bros, what on earth is being created inside?"

"It seems to be a magic staff," someone who knew replied. "When I escorted a man in a white coat in just now, I had a look. The appearance of this magic staff is a little bizarre: it's of a pretty boy wearing suspenders and holding a basketball. There were light waves coming directly out of the basketball, and they were pretty powerful."

"A pretty boy with a basketball... could it be..."

"You don't understand. In our Palace of Mirrors, this bro is now a symbol of peace!"

Wang Ling and the others: "..."

The world was a little scary!

...

Elsewhere, in the real world, Huaxiu Alliance's Ten Generals had convened for an emergency meeting in the conference room.

In one short moment, an unknown shadow organization had killed so many researchers; higher-ups all over the world were utterly shaken.

The head of state showed up as a projection, his expression unsightly. "Who can tell me what's going on?"

"This group of people is organized and planned well; they were definitely prepared for this. Looking at the current results, there is definitely a spy in our research institute," President Qi said.

"A spy?"

"I'm afraid so, Your Excellency Head of State." President Qi said, "The fortifications of research institutes around the world are of the highest level, but the other side was able to break through so easily. This has to be due to spies secretly reporting to them behind the scenes. All of this is likely related to the destruction of Mixiu's border defense base a few days ago."





Chapter 991 The Office of Strategic Deception's Investigation Team


"You're talking about the defense base on Mixiu's border, aren't you?" The head of state's virtual projection had a deep look on his face. He was, of course, aware of the destruction of the border defense base by a mysterious force. It had happened a few days ago, and Mixiu's head of state had yet to make heads or tails of it. Various other countries had thought it was a joke at first; no one expected the worldwide operation that was launched not long after that.

"That's right," President Qi said. "In my view, now isn't a good time for the government to take action in this matter."

"Go on." The head of state looked at President Qi.

"As a government authority, Huaxiu Alliance may be able to lend assistance and lead, but if we directly take action, this might look like we're showing the other side our weakness. It's not just our Huaxiu Alliance - in my opinion, Mixiu Alliance, Yingxiu Alliance and the cultivator alliance in every other country should be a little more prudent and stay calm; only then will we be able to draw the other side out. Looking at the current outcome, however, I'm afraid that it'll be very hard for the other cultivation countries to respond calmly..."

The head of state nodded and asked, "Then what is your plan, Old Qi?"

President Qi replied, "In my view, we can get the Office of Strategic Deception directly involved and have them carry out an investigation. Huaxiu Alliance invested a lot in the construction of the Office of Strategic Deception. Now that we need a hand, I believe Chief Thunder won't have any objections."

"Then let's do that first."

The head of state stood up. "Send out the document right away and order the Office of Strategic Deception to set up a special investigation team - they must solve this case as soon as possible."

"Yes." President Qi and the Ten Generals around him bowed.

Everyone left after the meeting adjourned.

Leaning back in his chair, General Yi seemed to have already fallen asleep.

"When did Old Yi get into the habit of sleeping in meetings... the head of state didn't say anything either," Medicine Saint President Luo said with a wry smile.

"Go easy on him; Old Yi might be retired on the surface, but he's gotten used to the 996-working hours system over the years, and is still busy handling all kinds of matters privately. I'm going to draw up the papers; I'll wake him up when I leave," President Qi replied.

"Then we'll have to trouble you, Old Qi." President Luo sighed helplessly, then summoned a large whale-shaped gourd and left.

This was an air kun gourd, which was President Luo's exclusive mode of transport.

It was also a top-notch spatial holy artifact, with an inner space so large it could swallow all living things.

After years of refinement by President Luo, the interior space of this magic artifact had already transformed from a small world into a big one. In the world inside the gourd, President Luo was just like the creator god.

"Take care, Sis Luo." President Qi saw her off at the door and watched her leave.

Not long after President Luo left, General Yi, who had been pretending to be asleep, suddenly opened his eyes.

General Yi: "Alright, Old Qi, what do you want?"

Before the meeting broke up, President Qi had used a few tricks to get General Yi to stay back.

President Qi didn't beat around the bush. "In addition to the Office of Strategic Deception's investigation, I might also need your help, Old Yi."

"What do you mean?" General Yi narrowed his eyes.

"I need you to find the spies hiding in our midst; you're the only one who can do this," President Qi said. "Your clear sword heart can distinguish right from wrong, good from evil. You cultivate Boundless Sword Dao, and so your body is brimming with overwhelming upright energy; this is something that no one else can match."

"You and I both know very well that our opponent this time isn't an ordinary person... My sword heart may be clear, but it's not necessarily useful."

General Yi got up, his face a little solemn. "But now, it seems I can only try."

"I already checked out some things; Old Yi, you can start with this." Then, President Qi took out a jade scroll which he handed to General Yi.

"This is?"

"Immortal She Pi's case file from back then; it has all the names of the people who were involved in the original case."

Taking the jade scroll, General Yi's expression changed again as he couldn't help recalling things from long, long ago.

They played non-stop in his mind like an old film reel.

The national terrorist incident this time was actually related to Immortal She Pi's case back then...

General Yi suddenly had a vague sense of apprehension.

He felt that something big was about to happen.

...

Shortly after the Huaxiu Alliance meeting, a document stamped with Huaxiu Alliance's seal and signed by the Ten Generals was sent directly to Zhuo Yi, leader of the Office of Strategic Deception's supervisory and investigation team.

The higher-ups had charged the Office of Strategic Deception to set up a special investigation team, which caused the entire sect to immediately become highly focused.

That very day, Lord Thunder held an emergency meeting and all the team leaders gathered in the conference hall.

During the roll call, Lord Thunder noticed that two people were absent: one was Fang Xing, leader of the goon squad, and the other was Wang Ling.

"This is an important issue, why didn't Brother Ling respond?" Lord Thunder didn't understand.

" Shifu and Student Fang may be catching up on homework." Zhuo Yi laughed.

Everyone: "..."

This was a reasonable and irrefutable reply...

In Ling Zhenren's eyes, catching up on homework was indeed more important than the current situation.

Wang Ling not showing up was one thing, but even Fang Xing wasn't here. This gave Lord Thunder the vague sense that something wasn't right. Student Fang Xing had always been a very polite person. Even if he couldn't be here today, he would have sent a message in the group to let them know. But now, it was as if Student Fang Xing had vanished from the world without a single word.

"Did something happen..." Lord Thunder felt that something wasn't right.

But just then, a figure appeared at the door to the conference hall.

It was a very beautiful girl with long hair, though her expression was very cold and dark.

"Miss, we're about to have a meeting; this place isn't part of the tour," Dharmaraja looked up and said.

This girl glared at Dharmaraja, directly sat down in a chair, and then put up her two beautiful legs on the table and crossed them. "I'm Fang Xing."

"Stu- Student Fang?" Everyone was flabbergasted.

If Fang Xing hadn't said anything, they would have thought nothing of it. Suddenly asserting her identity now, however, instantly made everyone feel that the girl's appearance did seem familiar... This indeed seemed to be what Fang Xing looked like in his female form...

Because Student Fang Xing took a male form in his daily life, no one expected this person to actually be Fang Xing.

"Is it an impersonator?" Zhuo Yi also felt it was a little strange.

"From her aura, it is indeed Student Fang Xing..." Lord Thunder was also utterly astonished.

But that wasn't all...

Not long after Fang Xing sat down, another familiar teenager appeared at the door to the conference hall.

Both Lord Thunder and Zhuo Yi rubbed their eyes in disbelief.

" Shifu ?" Zhuo Yi called out tentatively.

"No need to greet me. I saw the news just now, and came over especially for the meeting. How can homework be more important than this?" The young man directly waved his hand at Zhuo Yi and then immediately went up to Fang Xing and sat down next to her.

This...

Wait a minute!

Ling Zhenren opened his mouth to talk???

Everyone turned pale with shock.

"Why are all of you looking at me so strangely? Thunder? Why haven't you started the meeting? Hurry up and start! I can't wait!" Wang Ling's mouth was like a machine gun.

"Someone pretending to be Ling Zhenren?" Dharmaraja was dumbfounded.

"No... Judging from his aura, it really is Ling Zhenren himself." Cailian Zhenren also found it a little unbelievable.

Could someone tell them: why did the generally quiet Ling Zhenren suddenly turn into a chatterbox?!

"Brother Zhuo, what's going on..." Lord Thunder was somewhat stupefied.

"I don't know either..." Zhuo Yi was also a little befuddled.

He then rubbed his eyes and stared hard at his shifu Wang Ling, who was completely unlike his ordinary self.

Just then, Wang Ling blinked, and a pair of beautiful and devastating double eyelids appeared under everyone's gazes...

Zhuo Yi: "???"

Lord Thunder: "???"

Everyone: "???"





Chapter 992 Imposter Ling Zhenren


There didn't seem to be anything wrong with these two faces, but they gave people an utter sense of wrongness. Wang Ling and Fang Xing suddenly showing up, Wang Ling's dead fish eyes turning into ones with double eyelids... even their personalities had changed drastically.

How could the real Ling Zhenren be a chatterbox?

As Wang Ling's friend for many years, Lord Thunder almost immediately noticed this abnormality.

Was this double-eyelid, talkative Ling Zhenren another clone, like Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch?

This was Lord Thunder's theory, but when his gaze turned to the "Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch" clone sitting on the side, the latter had a face full of hostility.

Clones, for the most part, were connected telepathically.

It was clear that Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch couldn't sense this talkative Wang Ling.

"These two aren't our people! They're enemies!" Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch immediately got up and released his aura to suppress them.

But at that moment, Miss Bai Qiao on the side suddenly stood up and also released her aura. However, this pressure wasn't targeted at Wang Ling and Fang Xing, but the Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch clone.

A high-level clone had its own autonomous will and thoughts, and could still act according to the original body's way of thinking even without the latter present. However, Bai Qiao was different: she was one part scabbard spirit and one part sword spirit.

Thus, the moment Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch made a move, Bai Qiao's "protect master spirit blade" mode was instantly activated. This wasn't a conscious act on her part, but a subconscious reaction.

Even Bai Qiao herself didn't react to her own move.

"Stop, I can't control my body!" Bai Qiao yelled at Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch. Her ahoge was chock full of energy and glowed radiantly like a holy sword.

"Damn it..."

Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch's eyes darkened and he ultimately decided to give up. He glared at the two imposters belligerently.

"Dao Monarch, what's going on?" Dharmaraja and Luo Chuang were dumbfounded and everyone seemed to be at a loss.

Bai Qiao and Wang Ling's bond had deepened after Bai Qiao and Jingke fused together and transformed into Jingbai. The "protect master spirit blade" mode was without doubt the best proof of Wang Ling's identity. However, a clone Wang Ling had created himself was saying that these two people at the meeting were imposters...

What the hell was going on?

Were they replicas?

This sort of technology did indeed exist in the cultivation world. The human replica magic treasure Head of State 001 was the best example of the cultivation replication technique.

But anything that was replicated was ultimately a fake and was still different from the original body; they weren't magic treasures that could be forced to form a contract with the original bodies.

So, what was with this current situation?

Lord Thunder stood up and gazed at Wang Ling and Fang Xing. "Brother Ling, Brother Fang Xing, are you real?"

"Hasn't Miss Bai Qiao confirmed our identities? Of course we're the real deal." Fang Xing tossed back her long hair; her female form was full of flirtatious expressions, which was usually very rarely seen.

Luo Chuang and Dharmaraja were both secretly dazzled... They never expected Fang Xing to actually be so outrageous in her female form.

"Given Miss Bai Qiao's reaction, both of you indeed don't seem to be imposters, and your auras are just as familiar." At that moment, Lord Thunder suddenly spoke.

"Senior Immortal..." Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch was incredibly anxious. He was already certain that these two were imposters, but with Bai Qiao protecting her master, it was useless even if he wanted to act.

"It's fine, Dao Monarch, I'll handle this." Lord Thunder waved his hand, and Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch could only hold himself back. After all, he was here to help the Office of Strategic Deception grow, and couldn't go over the boss's head.

"Count yourself lucky!" Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch hmphed.

He tried his best to compose himself as he stared hostilely at these two imposters in front of him.

Thoughts flew threw Lord Thunder's mind; as the person with the highest realm at the moment, he had to make some decisions like a sect leader. His gaze sweeping over Wang Ling and Fang Xing these two suspected imposters, he finally took a deep breath and said, "Brother Ling, we're as close as brothers, and everyone knows your character very well. Why have you become so lively today? It's simply as if you're another person..."

"People change. I know I don't talk much usually, but it's chapter 992 already! In two years, the author has only written 992 chapters... Because of this glacial update rate, I have less than twenty lines in the entire book. I'm tired as well!" Chatterbox Ling gave a deep sigh and was extremely bitter.

Everyone: "..."

Chatterbox Ling: "So after some reflection last night, I decided that I have to talk more in the future! As the protagonist of this book, how can I not speak? To change, I have to take it a step at a time; I know this may be hard for me, but I hope everyone will still support me as always!"

Lord Thunder glanced at Fang Xing at the side. "Then, did Student Fang Xing also have plans of changing yourself after some reflection?"

"That's right."

Female Fang Xing nodded. "All of you know that I've admired Wang Ling for a very long time. I've decided that from now on, I'll stay in my female form and spend my life with him. We're getting married tomorrow!"

Everyone: "???"

Lord Thunder: "Why... why the rush?"

Female Fang Xing: "Time waits for no man. Do I have to wait until I'm old and withered before I can get married?"

Everyone was deeply struck by her words and couldn't regain their senses for a long while.

"I understand."

Lord Thunder sighed again and looked at Wang Ling and Fang Xing. "Since the both of you have decided to change yourselves, we can only respect your decision. We'll start the meeting at once - does everyone want some light refreshments? We can eat while we talk."

"Mm, that's a good suggestion." Wang Ling nodded.

"Since Brother Ling has agreed, bring in the refreshments!" Lord Thunder clapped his hands.

Some female disciples of the Office of Strategic Deception emerged from behind the screen in the conference room to serve the refreshments.

Wang Ling was startled at what he saw. "This is..."

Lord Thunder: "Crispy noodle snacks in various flavors. For Brother Ling's sake, I especially recruited chefs from the North Sea to fry fresh crispy noodle snacks every day and to use different dips so that you can have a different flavor each time you come! Brother Ling, don't you like it..."

"No... I - I like it very much."

"Then try it and see?"

"Alright..."

Wang Ling broke off a chunk of crispy noodles, put it in his mouth, and chewed.

A few seconds later...

There was the sound of retching in the meeting.

Lord Thunder chuckled and stood up. "Everyone! These are imposters! Beat them up!" The real Brother Ling would never ever throw up crispy noodle snacks!!!





Chapter 993 Dharmaraja and Luo Chuang's Explosion


"Oh, I was busted after all." Chatterbox Wang Ling got up slowly, and an unprecedented aura burst forth from his eyes, which ultimately turned into a dark black shadow that enveloped them.

"What dense resentful energy..." Lightning Dharmaraja and the others were alarmed. Everyone knew that the real Ling Zhenren was very Buddha-like: this was a youngster with good values who loved learning and was committed to world peace, who stood aloof from worldly affairs in his daily life. Politics, beauty, money - everything was far less important than a packet of crispy noodle snacks.

And that was exactly why everyone admired Wang Ling!

Who could have the same simple and unaffected air of the real Ling Zhenren? Each of them longed for it with envy, but fell far short.

This was the realm of a master - only the strong who stood on top of the world could achieve this.

"With Fang Xing and I working together, you have no chance of winning." Chatterbox Wang Ling smiled darkly.

Hearing this, Zhuo Yi trembled. "Senior Immortal, even if this shifu is fake, he seems to be very strong. Can we really win?"

"We won't know until we try!" Lord Thunder's eyes were firm.

To him, his Brother Ling had always been an insurmountable mountain.

But that referred to the real Brother Ling!

That was the only Brother Ling he accepted!

That invulnerable Brother Ling absolutely wasn't the imposter in front of him!

Since this was an imposter, the odds were 100% in their favor!

Thinking this, Lord Thunder couldn't help raising one finger in front of everyone — even if their chances were slim, they still had a 1% chance of victory because this was an imposter!

When Lord Thunder raised this finger, in that moment, everyone's reactions were different.

Zhuo Yi was shaken. "As expected of Senior Immortal! He can actually come up with this sort of idea so quickly. Could it be that he wants me to retreat upward and activate the sect's defense alarm system outside to seal off this area? That should be it... After all, I'm the weakest one here, and shifu isn't around. I can only offer support, otherwise as soon as the battle begins, I'll immediately become cannon fodder! Senior Immortal is amazing, his battle strategy is actually so clear..."

Lightning Dharmaraja was shaken. "As expected of Senior Immortal! He can actually come up with this sort of idea so quickly. Could it be that he wants me to use the lightning power of my holy relic to summon the Ancient Thunderbolt to help in battle? That should be it... After all, basically the only thing I can do here is to summon the thunderbolt... Under my Ancient Thunderbolt, this fake Ling Zhenren might reveal some hidden weakness! Senior Immortal is amazing, his battle strategy is actually so clear..."

Immortal Toya was shaken. "As expected of Senior Immortal! He can actually come up with this sort of idea so quickly. Could it be that he wants me to throw up my gourd and summon a small world to cover this place to prevent the battle from affecting the sect's conference room as well as limit the movements of these two impostors..."

Bai Qiao was shaken. "As expected of Senior Immortal!... Could it be that he wants me to fly out and summon Jingke to control me... As long as we combine into Jingbai again, the strength of this imposter will no longer have an effect on me..."

In that instant when Lord Thunder raised one finger, every group leader of the Office of Strategic Deception promptly made up their minds.

So, in the next moment, everyone's auras exploded in the conference hall and powerful fluctuations of spiritual qi were released!

Everyone moved in sync. As if they had trained for this before, they carried out their respective tasks, doing what they could to the best of their abilities.

Lord Thunder: "???"

He had just raised one finger to boost morale - god only knew what this group of people was thinking...

Even Wang Ling and Fang Xing on the other side were shocked by the scene in front of them. These experts who sat at the top of the Office of Strategic Deception moved as one; this sort of cooperation in a fight was rare.

"They're a tough bunch, as expected." Female Fang Xing sneered and waved her hand. A sickle appeared in her hand, and she directly raised it to slash at Zhuo Yi in the air.

Zhuo Yi was the weakest person at the scene, so she had already thought of defeating them one by one as a counterattack.

Terrifying blade qi whirled with boundless spirit power and turned into a crescent which reeked of bloodlust as it lunged forth. Finally, this crescent curved, like a blood snake twisting wildly in the air, and it shattered everything in its wake with its tremendous might.

"Not good!" On his way out in flight, Zhuo Yi was seized by dread.

The sect's defensive barrier had been personally set up by his real shifu Wang Ling. Once it was activated, these two imposters would have no chance of escaping.

"Brother Zhuo Yi, do all you can to break out! Leave the rest to us!" Lightning Dharmaraja shouted.

He had already spat out the Thunder clan's holy relic, which had been passed down from ancient times — the Holy Thunder Pill!

This Holy Thunder Pill had always been in Dharmaraja's throat. Once he took it out, thick black clouds suddenly covered the sky above the Office of Strategic Deception! They had a terrifying weight to them, and the pressure was so heavy it was as if it could fall and bury everyone at any moment!

Lightning flashed in the clouds and poured down like a waterfall!

Lightning Dharmaraja himself might not have a high realm, but the power of this Holy Thunder Pill could instantly make him as strong as a True Immortal! This state didn't last very long, however, and also had very severe side effects, because given Dharmaraja's own strength, he had yet to fully inherit the tremendous power of the Holy Thunder Pill's Ancient Thunderbolt.

The particularity of the Thunder clan's Ancient Thunderbolt lay in its indiscriminate strikes: once it took shape, even the owner of the Holy Thunder Pill would suffer from this lightning waterfall.

Thus, descendants of the Thunder clan had to cultivate the unique Escape Thunder Art since childhood.

Unfortunately, Dharmaraja had currently only cultivated up to the sixth level of the Escape Thunder Art, which consisted of twelve levels. If lightning fell, it wouldn't kill him, but Dharmaraja would have intermittent memory loss for a short period of time and become a simpleton without any fighting strength at all; it would take some time for him to recover and return to normal.

Thus, summoning the Holy Thunder Pill was a huge risk for Dharmaraja, but currently there was no other way.

Next to Dharmaraja, Luo Chuang lent him assistance. He fished a rod out of his big underpants and stuck it in the ground. This was the legendary "Weather Rod," a magic artifact which Luo Chuang had invented. It could be adjusted to thunderbolt mode when necessary to increase the thunderbolt's might!

It had to be said that Dharmaraja and Luo Chuang these two heavyweights were in perfect accord at that moment!

Boom!

A thunderbolt about the width of a bucket fell from the sky and smashed apart female Fang Xing's dangerous slash.

Zhuo Yi grit his teeth and seized the opportunity to escape.

But he was well aware that this fight had only just begun.





Chapter 994 Of One Heart


Fang Xing never expected the Holy Thunder Pill's Ancient Thunderbolt to be so powerful. In terms of combat strength, Fang Xing as a female was only at the True Immortal level, so she actually wouldn't be hard to deal with - the most difficult opponent here was still the fake Ling Zhenren in front of them.

"Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch, I'll leave that fake Brother Ling to you; I'll handle this fake Brother Fang Xing." Seeing that the fake Fang Xing's first attack had been blocked, Lord Thunder instantly came up with a plan. Now that he was above True Immortal level, he was at the very least no less powerful, even if he might not be able to catch this fake Fang Xing alive.

As for Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch, this was an intelligent clone that had been created from the real Brother Ling - the outcome of this fight had yet to be determined.

The best, naturally, would be if they won, but if they lost, news of the intelligent clone's death in battle would instantly be transmitted to Brother Ling.

"We'll do that then." Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch nodded.

He knew very well that this Wang Ling in front of him was an imposter; as for the real one, even he as an intelligent clone was unable to detect Wang Ling's location.

He was probably tangled up in some problem.

At that moment, all of the Office of Strategic Deception were of one heart as they worked in tandem, and it was quite a scene.

Various spatial magic arrays overlapped one another, and with the strength of Immortal Toya's small world over them and Luo Chuang and Dharmaraja providing cover, Zhuo Yi was able to successfully activate the defensive barrier.

The barrier elements intertwined with one another in the air like fried dough twists to form a solid and inescapable net to trap the two imposters.

Project Birdcage!

Lord Thunder never thought that the barrier blockade which he had gotten Wang Ling to set up around the Office of Strategic Deception would actually be used at this moment.

"You're really interesting. Since I'm already here, I won't run. Actually, there's no need for you to go out of your way to set up this barrier." Chatterbox Wang Ling looked to the left and right, and seemed pretty satisfied with the current situation. "To go to this much trouble for us, it looks like Lord Thunder is really giving us face! But it's useless. All of you will die today."

"You're overconfident." Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch's cold expression was in stark contrast to the flippant smile on the imposter's face.

His long hair hung down to his waist and his appearance was similar to Wang Ling's; their features were exactly identical at the very beginning, but after Wang Ling gave him permission to modify his face, Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch could change his features at will.

The one thing that couldn't be changed, however, were his eyes - they still had to be dead fish eyes.

Anything else could be tossed out, except for the two most important things: dead fish eyes and crispy noodle snacks!

Ling Zhenren wouldn't be complete without either one!

In the next moment, Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch directly made a move.

Without wasting time on unnecessary words, he suddenly moved in a streak of green light. He was in front of the imposter in a flash, and he raised one hand to slap the latter's cheek with pinpoint accuracy.

"A petty trick."

The imposter's reaction was just as quick. He leaned to one side and raised his arm to block the attack while his other hand swung out at the same time.

Just like that, everyone became party to an astonishing scene...

Who could have expected two top-class experts to start trading slaps with each other in front of everyone present, as if they were engaged in a fierce punch-up.

But the most important point was that these weren't ordinary punches...

Each of these slaps carried the tremendous power to level mountains and empty rivers. As they swung their palms, Immortal Toya's small world was promptly smashed to smithereens, ruined beyond recognition.

Immortal Toya's heart ached ah !

Everything in the small world of his gourd had been bought with his own money!

The large mountains! The small rivers! Even the vast ocean - all of it had cost him so much money!

After cultivating to a particular level, people were often fond of embellishing their physical and mental attributes. Just like the manor-building system in some martial arts games, all the decorations in the small world could be bought with money, and Immortal Toya had put in a lot of painstaking effort into setting up this small world.

Because different spirit medicinal plants grew in different environmental conditions, Immortal Toya could freely set up suitable greenhouses in the small world for them to grow in.

But now, as Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch and the fake Ling Zhenren traded slaps, everything in the small world was being destroyed bit by bit...

At the same time, the Holy Thunder Pill had stirred up bad weather in the small world, and divine thunderbolts rained down in large numbers, making for an apocalyptic scene.

"Brother To, you don't have to be so sad, the Office will reimburse your losses later." Cailian Zhenren comforted him.

"My losses are small... but where on earth is the real Ling Zhenren?" Immortal Toya puzzled over the one question that the entire Office of Strategic Deception also had at that moment.

"We should know the answer soon," answered Cailian Zhenren.

Zhuo Yi's aura wasn't present in the small world. Under Luo Chuang and Dharmaraja's cover earlier, Zhuo Yi had broken out of the conference room and activated the defensive barrier.

Given Zhuo Yi's absence, he had probably gone to find out what was going on.

On the other side, the fight between Lord Thunder and the fake Fang Xing was also quite intense.

Still, it paled in comparison with the consequences of the slap-fight between the two people on this side.

Student Fang Xing in his female form had a fiercer attack style than when in his usual state. Each move targeted a weak point — she fully intended to kill Lord Thunder.

"This fake Student Fang is so vicious." As he defended against the attack, Lord Thunder's gaze couldn't help being drawn to female Student Fang Xing's massive...

This was the normal reaction of any man.

There was a popular online game recently, where some livestreamers bought a visual focus device which could accurately pinpoint what a viewer's gaze was focused on.

When male livestreamers turned on the monitoring device and clicked on photos of some beauties... the result was that the first thing these male livestreamers focused on was the chests...

Lord Thunder believed he wasn't a man of such perversions.

Staring at a girl's chest was very rude and not gentlemanly at all!

But in this fight now, he couldn't help casting glances at it.

It was a huge distraction!

What should he do?

Was it because they were too big?

No...

Drawing in a deep breath, he forced himself to calm down.

Even if this person in front of him was an imposter, the other party's appearance was still that of his good brother Student Fang Xing!

Lord Thunder had seen Fang Xing in his female form more times than anyone else here!

How could he have vile thoughts about his own brother?!

So, the only explanation was that this imposter had definitely done something to her chest!

But unfortunately, Lord Thunder had no proof at the moment of this blatant and despicable behavior.





Chapter 995 Zhuo Yi Calls For Help


On the other side, Zhuo Yi had successfully activated the barrier and immediately rushed in the direction of the Wang family's small villa. Everyone was in the dark and had no idea at all about what was happening. The whole of the Office of Strategic Deception was in a mess, and he had to find out exactly what was going on.

After activating the barrier blockade, Zhuo Yi sorted out his thoughts properly. He couldn't help out in the fight if he stayed; instead, he could be a distraction if everyone had to protect him. Hence, Zhuo Yi's first reaction was to look for his shifu at the Wang family's small villa.

As Wang Ling's first disciple, this was his prerogative!

When necessary, he could ask those gremlins in the Wang family's small villa that had been enlightened by his shifu for help!

Thus, he could still look for backup at the small villa even if he couldn't find his shifu.

Things had happened too suddenly this time, catching everyone off guard.

Zhuo Yi flew to the entrance of the Wang family's small villa and noticed that Er Ha was also missing, which made him curse even more in his heart.

"Uncle, aunt, are you home?" Zhuo Yi knocked on the door of the villa, but there was no reply.

Father Wang, Mother Wang and Grandfather Wang had all disappeared!

"Crap, something really happened!" Zhuo Yi felt that the situation didn't look good. He straightaway took out a pen from his chest pocket. With a press of his finger, it instantly transformed into a dazzling and cool bluish-gray spirit sword!

Zhuo Yi didn't know what the situation was inside the villa, but he was already on guard.

He knocked on the door and said the password: "Crispy noodle snacks are number one!"

Kacha!

There was the sound of the front door unlocking, and it slowly opened...

Wang Ling had enlightened this door a long time ago, and this version 1.0 enlightened gremlin's capabilities weren't as strong as Wang Ling's newly enlightened bedroom door. The latest enlightenment technique was version 3.0, and Book of Sage Immortal and the bedroom door were the beneficiaries of this version.

Lord Ma was a version 2.0, but he was very strong. As a version 2.0 gremlin that frequently received Wang Ling's trust, Lord Ma was just as powerful as the 3.0s.

The small villa was extremely quiet, and there was something strange about this silence.

Zhuo Yi swallowed before slowly moving forward step by step and finally making his way up to the second floor with his sword in hand.

There were no signs of intrusion, let alone a fight, but the fact was that Father Wang, Mother Wang and Grandfather Wang were all missing, which Zhuo Yi felt was very strange.

What on earth happened?

"Try shifu's bedroom and take a look around." Zhuo Yi took a deep breath and went to Wang Ling's bedroom.

With one glance, he saw Book of Sage Immortal on the table.

Given its omniscience, it might know something.

"Book of Sage Immortal! What on earth is going on?" asked Zhuo Yi.

"Master has gone to the Palace of Mirrors and has lost contact with this world," answered Book of Sage Immortal. It was connected to Wang Ling's soul, so naturally it knew what was going on, and it related everything it knew in detail.

"How could this happen all of a sudden... Student Fang Xing was captured, and it turns out shifu went to rescue him. Since you knew this, why didn't you tell us?" Zhuo Yi rebuked the book.

"As a gremlin enlightened by Master, I can't take even half a step out of the bedroom, nor use my strength to change anything, without an order from Master or an authorized person," Book of Sage Immortal said helplessly.

"Fine." Zhuo Yi sighed. "Even if that's the case, where are Father Wang, Mother Wang and Grandfather Wang?"

"They took Grandfather Wang back to his hometown."

"Why so suddenly..." Zhuo Yi was blank, and then made a shocked sound. "But their son has suddenly disappeared! Don't tell me they're not worried?"

"Before Mr Wang and Lady Wang left, I did remind them, but Mr Wang didn't seem to care..."

Zhuo Yi covered his face and laughed bitterly.

For them to have such a reaction, it looked like Wang Ling was indeed their biological son.

"Then, Book Sage, you should know that the Office of Strategic Deception is under attack by fakes impersonating shifu and Student Fang Xing," said Zhuo Yi.

"I am naturally aware," answered Book of Sage Immortal. "Without reinforcements, your chances of winning are 1%."

1%...

It was at that moment that Zhuo Yi suddenly understood the meaning of Lord Thunder's hand gesture earlier.

He had actually been referring to their chances of success!

What a bizarre misunderstanding...

"Then, Book Sage, as an authorized person, I now order you to use all your strength to dispose of those two imposters! And try to find out what their objective is!" Zhuo Yi spoke at that moment.

When he displayed his palm, the character "Ling" glowed brightly in the center.

Having received the order, Book of Sage Immortal could at last act. "Understood. I have now sent the first wave of reinforcements to the frontline."

"The first wave of reinforcements? Aren't all of you going to take action?" Zhuo Yi was curious.

"As gremlins enlightened by Master, the main thing is still to remain low-key. We won't leave the villa unless we have no other choice. I've already notified the reinforcements, however, so our chances of winning this battle now has already significantly increased," answered Book of Sage Immortal. "In the end, fakes are fakes - there's no way they can match the real Master."

...

Elsewhere, not long after Book of Sage Immortal had passed down the information.

A space tunnel opened outside the Office of Strategic Deception's massive dome-shaped barrier.

"It looks very lively down there."

The person who had come was none other than Wang Zhen.

As a result of offending Wang Ling previously, the Heavenly Dao had blacklisted him. After some time had passed, he had now recovered some of his strength. He crossed his arms as he hovered in the sky. Next to him, Liu Qingyi frowned. "Sure enough, there's a very strange air about these two imposters - it's a type of power I haven't seen before."

"To help out, we'll have to enter the barrier," Wang Zhen said as he looked at the huge dome-shaped barrier beneath them. It was a terrifying scene, just like the end of the world.

Thick, black clouds had gathered outside this enormous barrier, which covered the size of a football field. Thunder rumbled and the surrounding space was constantly torn apart; even the ground had collapsed, and showed no signs of settling.

Outside the barrier, the disciples of the Office of Strategic Deception were panic-stricken and had utterly no idea what to do.

"This barrier was set up by Ling Zhenren and it's impenetrable. We won't be able to get in using regular means. The only thing we can do is to be drawn naturally into the space, and then use the flow of energy around the barrier like a whirlpool to send us inside," said Liu Qingyi. "But this means that someone has to open a path."

Wang Zhen: "You're saying..."

Liu Qingyi: "My power hasn't been restricted, so I'm the main fighting force, and I have to conserve my strength. So, it's up to you to open the path. Since your parents beat you growing up, it's absolutely not a problem for your physique."

Wang Zhen: "You..."

"There's no time to think about it. It's you, Wang Zhen!" As soon as she said that, Liu Qingyi kicked Wang Zhen downward and followed behind him.

Wang Zhen was drawn right into the energy flow at the front, and the pain was torturous.

It hurt far more than being beaten by his mother!!!





Chapter 996 The King's Treasure Pants


Wang Zhen was sure that Liu Qingyi this girl had definitely done it on purpose! Since ancient times, there had been countless proverbs that testified to a woman's strong desire for revenge -"a woman's heart is like a needle at the bottom of the sea,""the most malicious is a wife's heart" and so on...

There had never been any feelings between them to begin with. It was because of a misunderstanding created from trying to escape marriage that they had both wound up fleeing to Earth.

Now, in order to learn from Wang Ling, both Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi had joined Number 60 High, and Liu Qingyi was the first person that Wang Zhen had to be vigilant against in school. From the moment he had chosen to enter Number 60 High, he had basically already been mentally prepared.

As a man, it was beneath him to bicker with Liu Qingyi, but the problem was that the girl seemed to be tormenting him on purpose!

"It, it hurts!!" Wang Zhen was caught in the barrier's storm fissures. Powerful spatial forces tore at his body, making him feel as if insects were biting him all over.

"I can't, I can't stand it..." Wang Zhen's face twisted with tremendous pain.

"Are you a man or not?" Liu Qingyi was right at the back as she completely treated Wang Zhen as a meat shield.

"Ahhh! I can't, I'm going to break, break apart..."

"Just hang on a little longer! We're already in so deep! We just need to go a little deeper!"

"Don't use such ambiguous words!"

"..."

With Liu Qingyi holding Wang Zhen in front of her as they moved forward, they soon saw a light up ahead.

They had arrived.

Inside the barrier, the battle against the imposters was ongoing.

Zhuo Yi was following the battle situation carefully on Book of Sage Immortal's screen.

"Can they really succeed..." Zhuo Yi had some doubts about Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi's participation.

It was undeniable that these two were top experts from Nine-fold Star, but his fake shifu wasn't easy to deal with!

"This deployment of forces is currently the most suitable strategy if we want to catch the other party alive," Book of Sage Immortal replied. "I've already done the exact calculations: if we redouble our efforts and kill the other side, I'm afraid that we won't be able to learn their true objective. But what Mr Zhuo said isn't unreasonable. While this deployment will guarantee that we can catch them alive, it certainly isn't good if our side winds up sustaining heavy losses."

"Do you have an idea?"

"Of course."

With a thought from Book of Sage Immortal, a pair of navy blue pants floated out of Wang Ling's wardrobe as if it had a will of its own.

When the pants flew into Zhuo Yi's hands, he thought, "Shifu's school pants?"

"My lord's school pants have a character of their own. There's a pocket on the right side." Book of Sage Immortal said, "It looks like a regular pair of school pants, but no one would expect its pocket to in fact contain some another profundity."

"What, what do you mean?" Holding his shifu's school pants, the coarse fabric made Zhuo Yi shiver all over... He, he was actually touching pants his shifu had worn! — No, he had to calm down!

"While my lord usually ends a battle with one or two slaps, and will occasionally summon Lord Jingke to appear, he in fact also has a full set of 'King's Treasure Pants'! Of course, the character here is for the word 'pants1.'"

1(Referring to how the Chinese word "ku" for "pants" has the same pronunciation as for "store" in "treasure house" or "storage.") "What is this thing..." Zhuo Yi was stupefied.

"Every year on my lord's birthday, all the Heavenly Dao will send him gifts, many of which are magical artifacts. My lord doesn't think much of them, but it isn't nice to refuse their good intentions, so he set up this King's Treasure Pants and put away all these magic treasures here."

"So it's a storehouse for magic treasures." Zhuo Yi understood.

"No, Mr Zhuo, you don't understand the meaning of the King's Treasure Pants," Book of Sage Immortal said.

Its voice slowly turned deep. "A King's Treasure Pants would naturally contain top-grade magic weapons of heaven and earth, and gifts from the Heavenly Dao are of this standard. But what my lord's King's Treasure Pants contain are all world-defying magic treasures, which are also the divine artifacts that cultivators talk about."

Zhuo Yi: "..."

"From the moment my lord was a year old, all the Heavenly Dao started to give him all kinds of world-defying magic treasures as gifts. When they later saw how he stored all these magic weapons in the King's Treasure Pants, they took the initiative to place their gifts inside the King's Treasure Pants every year on my lord's birthday. There are now tens of thousands of world-defying magic treasures inside the King's Treasure Pants."

Zhuo Yi was dumbstruck: 0_O...

Tens of thousands of world-defying magical artifacts...

What was more, they were all birthday gifts which his shifu had forgotten about.

No wonder Heavenly Dao was never able to win his shifu's favor! It turned out that they were sending him the wrong birthday gifts every year!

How could they not give his shifu crispy noodle snacks as birthday gifts?

But having said that, Zhuo Yi was shocked by such a tremendous amount of world-defying magical artifacts.

Whatever sort of world-defying magical artifacts they were, cultivators often shelled out hefty prices in their pursuit of top-grade equipment!

For a full set of quality equipment, some people would go deep into treacherous locations and narrowly escape death to collect the materials needed for forging.

Sure enough, his shifu was an immortal...

A regular person would never understand how an immortal worked.

"Alright, stop spacing out, Mr Zhuo. Since you want to help Miss Liu Qingyi and the others, you can start opening the express deliveries now. All these birthday gifts are piled up in the King's Treasure Pants, all unopened. You are free to choose the magic treasures for Miss Liu and the others to use."

"Alright..."

Without further ado, Zhuo Yi directly stuck his hand into the King's Treasure Pants.

He took out several gift boxes in a row, all of different sizes and wrapped exquisitely, and couldn't help rubbing his hands together.

Who knew what sort of things he would unwrap.

...

Inside the Office of Strategic Deception's barrier, Liu Qingyi and Wang Zhen's arrival redressed the balance in battle.

Nine-fold Star's cultivation levels weren't measured in the same way as on Earth.

The two imposters felt some pressure at Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi's appearance.

"What should we do?" Female Fang Xing was flung backward after exchanging palm strikes with Lord Thunder.

Fake Wang Ling simply flicked a finger behind her to steady Fang Xing. The two pulled back to a distance of a dozen or so meters away.

"We have no other choice: our mission is to kill everyone here at all costs." Fake Wang Ling had an evil expression on his face.

"Are you going to use that technique..." Female Fang Xing was a little surprised. She hadn't expected things to reach this point so soon.

"This is the only way now to complete the mission. We can't put it off any longer." When the fake Wang Ling finished speaking, he rose up from the ground, slowly opened his arms wide, and said in a chuuni voice, "Let the world feel the pain..."





Chapter 997 Project Clone Wang Ling


Lord Thunder: "Many thanks, Miss Liu and Brother Wang Zhen, for coming to help us!"

"Senior Immortal, no need for thanks! Be careful, he's going to do something big!"

As the fake Wang Ling started to gather power from where he was hovering in the air, the Nine-fold Star duo sensed strong killing intent, as if boundless spirit power was amassing in the imposter's body and gradually taking shape.

An invisible wall of spirit power encircled the fake Wang Ling, blocking him from every attack. This was the "qi field phenomenon," which was a coalescence of spirit power and also said to be the ultimate protection. If they didn't break through this qi field, everything would be for naught.

Sensing that things weren't good, Liu Qingyi promptly sent out the toughest secret weapon next to her - she grabbed Wang Zhen by his collar and flung him far out.

Wang Zhen, who had already experienced breaking through a barrier and passing through a spatial storm, unexpectedly cooperated at that moment. As the person who probably had the hardest head on Nine-fold Star, he was already braced to go all out.

"Fools." The fake Wang Ling opened his eyes a slit; he thought nothing of this attack at all.

"Bang!"

Liu Qingyi threw Wang Zhen like a shot put, but the latter bounced off the qi field.

"It's useless." Female Fang Xing stood guard on the side. She couldn't help at all, but she knew that any attack would be in vain. This Wang Ling might be an imposter, but it was difficult for anyone to get close to him when the qi field was in place.

Now, he had gathered almost enough power to use his ultimate move, and at that point, everyone here would die.

Their mission was to kill everyone here.

"King's Nuclear Bomb," Book of Sage Immortal said faintly.

Zhuo Yi could sense the terrifying power even through Book of Sage Immortal's screen.

So, this technique was called King's Nuclear Bomb?

Book of Sage Immortal: "To be more precise, it should be Great King's Nuclear Bomb. However, since he's an imposter, he's not worthy of the title 'Great.'"

"How powerful is this technique of shifu's?" Zhuo Yi asked curiously.

"Among all of my lord's Heavenly Dao spells, there are a few that can cause widespread destruction. But in the end, this is an imposter, who actually still needs to gather the power. My lord needs to do no such thing - he can instantly activate the spell with just a thought.

"This move has enough power to destroy a planet, but looking at how much energy this imposter has accumulated, he seems to be planning to restrict the range of the power gathered to blowing up everyone inside the Office of Strategic Deception's barrier."

Blowing up everyone inside...

Could it be...??

Along with the information which Book of Sage Immortal had shared on the Palace of Mirrors, Zhuo Yi suddenly thought of a possibility.

"Mr Zhuo's guess is correct: it's likely that the other party's objective is to blow up Lord Thunder and the others, then arrange for them to be resurrected inside the Palace of Mirrors to serve the enemy."

"But then what's the deal with my shifu?" Zhuo Yi was puzzled; he already understood the reason for the black shadow men's large-scale massacre of scientific researchers, but couldn't figure out why a fake shifu and Student Fang Xing had shown up.

"Based on my overall analysis, there is a 94.89% chance that the matter is like so: the research institute has my lord's hair, which Mr Guo Ping assumed were energy strings, as well as Mr Fang Xing's DNA from when he was a baby. Because Mr Fang Xing is True Immortal She Pi's child, he was kept under observation at the institute for a period of time."

Book of Sage Immortal drew a conclusion: "The only reason the other party would abduct Student Fang Xing as well as gather so many scientific researchers would be to resurrect True Immortal She Pi, and use him to lead the resurrected researchers in a cloning project. Those imposters of my lord and Student Fang Xing are the test results of cloning."

Test results of cloning?

Was the other side planning to clone a Ling Zhenren army?

This possibility instantly made Zhuo Yi's hair stand on end.

"Looking at this imposter of my lord, the other party's cloning technology is clearly still in the experimental phase. Whether in terms of capability or disposition, this clone is significantly different from my real lord. However, once they've developed a successful cloning method, terrible things will happen."

Book of Sage Immortal came up with a conjecture as it spoke. "Once they've managed to clone my lord properly, in a short period of time, a large number of these clones will start to spread out from Earth as their base in a large-scale attack on the universe.

"According to my calculations, there is a 99% chance that the clone army of my lord will first launch an attack on the Crispy Noodles Galaxy. This was something that happened when my lord was very young, and used a Heavenly Dao cloning spell and sent original flavor crispy noodle snacks into space. After all these years, the neverending cloning of these crispy noodle snacks wound up forming the Crispy Noodles Galaxy."

"..."

"Furthermore, this galaxy has now become a resource which some aliens rely on to live. This is because the crispy noodles' ground pepper generates heat in the galaxy, causing it to shine like a fixed star in outer space. Thus, the Crispy Noodles Galaxy has given rise to many intelligent lifeforms."

Zhuo Yi: "..."

"They live on crispy noodles and harvest it to trade for supplies with other planets. So far, the Crispy Noodles Galaxy is the second largest economy in the universe behind Divine Dao Star."

Zhuo Yi's mouth had already fallen open with how stunned he was. "..."

"But my lord isn't too concerned about this matter. He spends too much energy on studying and keeping his grades down, and never thought that his unintentional act as a child would actually lead to the creation of new lifeforms in the universe. Additionally, because of his craving for different crispy noodle snack flavors, the original flavor has gradually faded from his life, which is also one of the reasons why he pays this matter no mind..."

Book of Sage Immortal sighed. "Once a clone army of my lord appears, it will, without fail, swiftly take control of Earth and attack the Crispy Noodles Galaxy. Once the second largest economy in the universe collapses, Divine Dao Star will not be able to hold together the economic system of the entire universe."

Zhuo Yi: "..."

Book of Sage Immortal: "At that time, the collapse of the Crispy Noodles Galaxy will inevitably cause the universe to fall into dire straits and lead to famine as major planets run out of food.

"And famine in turn will be the fuse which ignites war. These alien lifeforms will officially go to war in order to plunder resources, and many living things will die out as a result. In the end, the entire universe will declare war on Earth, which will be the inevitable beginning of an age of dimensional military expeditions. Furthermore, in order to suppress my lord, Earth will also be lost."

Zhuo Yi: "..."





Chapter 998 The Royal Scepter


Of course, the situation Book of Sage Immortal spoke of was based on the success of the cloning project.

Given the strength of the imposter they were currently facing, a successful clone of a true Ling Zhenren wasn't as easy as the other party might have imagined.

From Book of Sage Immortal's analysis, however, Zhuo Yi had gleaned some key information:

1: The enemy had come prepared this time. It was very clear what their goal was: they had abducted Student Fang Xing in order to obtain Immortal She Pi's cremation urn and resurrect the latter.

2: They had massacred scientific researchers on a large scale in order to bring them back to life in the world of the Palace of Mirrors. Under Immortal She Pi's leadership, these scientists would study human cloning in order to clone an army of Wang Lings.

3: While they currently didn't know who was the mastermind behind the scenes, the other party was 100% linked to Immortal She Pi's case back then, and was aware of the latter's research. Cloning magic was banned! Those who studied it in private would be sentenced to death if caught!

Could it really be an internal issue?

Putting the pieces of the puzzle together, Zhuo Yi was more convinced than ever that there was a spy... But the question was, who on earth was the spy? Apart from the mastermind behind the scenes, this was the biggest question. As long as they caught the spy, the mastermind's identity would be revealed.

But for now, they had to handle matters one by one.

Zhuo Yi knew very well that his current task was to help Lord Thunder and the others catch those two imposters alive!

He swiftly tore open the express delivery boxes while Lord Ma used his transmission ability to send those magical artifacts directly to the inside of the barrier.

Cailian Zhenren recognized the golden light at a glance. "It's Lord Ma's golden transmission light!! It looks like he's sending something over!"

Lord Ma's voice rang out shortly after. "On the order of Zhuo Yi as an authorized person, I am sending everyone magical artifacts from Master's collection. Please use them accordingly and be sure to take down those two imposters."

When the golden light of transmission disappeared, a divine artifact which glittered with gold appeared in everyone's sight.

Slime's Bugle!?

Wasn't this the legendary western divine artifact...

According to legend, this horn could be used to summon a large number of slime troops to take part in battle. These slime troops wouldn't die, and would only grow in number! Unless there was a way to eliminate them in one go, they would never be completely eliminated!

"It's just a divine artifact..."

In the sky, the imposter sneered. "Want to take me down with a magical artifact? Dream on!"

"Don't be too sure..." Lord Ma warned.

Then, there were several more golden transmission rays in the sky.

This was followed by everyone inside the barrier exclaiming one after another.

WTF?! Thor's Hammer!

WTF?! Hades's Shield!

WTF?! Universal WIFI Block Magic Staff!

WTF?! Immovable Yang Divine Blade!

...

So many legendary divine artifacts showed up at the same time, petrifying all the people of the Office of Strategic Deception at once.

Now even the imposter in the sky started to feel uneasy...

He had no idea that so many divine artifacts would appear all together. The pressure from these divine artifacts alone caused him to lose his footing for a moment as he almost fell.

This was a bizarre mix of divine artifacts from both the East and the West, and all of them had been freaking charmed! The +13 light special effects could be felt from far away...

Lord Thunder held the Royal Scepter, which was a magical staff that stood for supreme authority! With just a thought from Lord Thunder, anyone who saw the staff would have to kneel in surrender.

"You've lost."

At that moment, Lord Thunder's eyes were fixed on the two imposters.

The fake female Student Fang Xing had no control at all and dropped to her knees with a plop on the ground.

In the sky, the remaining imposter had an unwilling expression on his face.

When activated, his King's Nuclear Bomb had a built-in "do not disturb" effect. Logically speaking, it would never be interrupted, which was why he had been so confident.

However, reality was always crueler than the imagination...

In the end, the strength of an imposter was fake, and couldn't compare with the real deal.

When Lord Thunder, holding the Royal Scepter, gazed at the imposter in the air, incredibly heavy pressure suddenly wrapped around the latter's knees.

And then... there was no "then."

The double-eyelid imposter in the air dropped in a ball of energy like a piece of snot. He was rammed deep into the ground up to his knees with a loud bang, directly splitting the earth!

"My god, this scepter is so handy!" The Office of Strategic Deception crew were petrified by the power of the Royal Scepter.

Was there any power more hardcore in this world than the ability to make someone kneel... This was a hard CC 1 ! It showed utterly no mercy!

1(Hard crowd control in LoL prevents a target from moving or attacking ..) The most important point was that the imposter's King's Nuclear Bomb wasn't the real thing and the attack setup took too long, which was an opportunity that Lord Thunder and the others took advantage of.

"You..."

Now, both imposters were kneeling on the ground and rendered immobile, suppressed by the Royal Scepter!

"Speak: where are you from, and what is your true objective? Otherwise, enjoy our divine artifact service package."

At that moment, everyone from the Office of Strategic Deception surrounded the two imposters, each of them with a divine artifact in hand, and the imposters were scared into breaking out in cold sweat.

...

The world of the Palace of Mirrors wasn't a pure secret land.

Although it hadn't been long since Wang Ling entered the place, he had already perceived its complex composition. While it might be very easy for cultivators to create a small world, the Palace of Mirrors' existence wasn't based on the power of a "world," but on a dimensional force far more advanced than a world. In other words, the Palace of Mirrors existed in another cosmic dimension, which received all the dead souls of the universe.

After Wang Ming and the others scanned the structure of the entire munitions factory, they drew a map.

"It looks like this munitions factory is just a processing plant. Student Fang Xing isn't here." Wang Ming looked at the map. Together with Guo Ping, they had drawn a map of this world based on their deductions and calculations. Of course, this map was a mirror opposite of a cultivation map of the real world.

Meanwhile, Wang Ling had discovered something else.

The world wasn't made up of just dead souls.

Although the Palace of Mirrors took in the dead from all over the universe, it also had its own indigenous inhabitants.

Using the Great Blood Origin Spell, Wang Ling could distinctly trace back these people's bloodlines and sense that their souls had never left the Palace of Mirrors.

"Where should we go investigate now?" Guo Ping asked.

"Go back to Number 60 High for a look," Wang Ling answered telepathically.

He was a little curious to see how Number 60 High had changed in the Palace of Mirrors.

At the same time, he could also sense that a native inhabitant of the Palace of Mirrors was living in Number 60 High.





Chapter 999 Number 60 High's Native Inhabitant


The Number 60 High in the Palace of Mirrors was the same as Wang Ling had imagined: it was basically consistent with the layout of the real Number 60 High, but its decor was much more luxurious. The palm trees at the entrance, which to Wang Ling looked like they were clinging to life, now radiated vitality in the world of the Palace of Mirrors.

"Why is the school gate closed? It's not the weekend today, is it?" Guo Ping was confused.

"Don't forget, everything is the complete opposite in the Palace of Mirrors. Look here." Wang Ming pointed to a sign with very small words detailing points for attention.

Number 1: In order to alleviate the burden on students, the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools has approved for school to be held on Saturday and Sunday, while Monday to Friday are rest days. Teachers are not allowed to assign homework during the rest period. All schoolwork must be completed in school. If students are unable to do so, the teachers will guide them.

Number 2: In order to protect the mental health of students, teachers cannot contact parents without permission if a student's grades are not good. Teachers should take full responsibility for the students' learning.

Number 3: Without student consent, their free time and rest period cannot be encroached on (for PE class and so on, for example). The proposed use of this time should be reasonably communicated to the whole class for them to put to a vote, where the majority will rule.

Number 4: If students are not satisfied with the food in the school canteen, they are allowed to order takeout during the lunch break. Teachers-in-charge cannot interfere.

Number 5: Students must buy the school uniform, but if they are not happy with it, they can choose not to wear it. Teachers-in-charge cannot interfere with a student's individuality.

Note: If any of the above regulations are violated, both the student and teacher will be given a major demerit.

"This... is the complete opposite." Guo Ping was dumbfounded when he stared at these five points for attention.

He suddenly gave a deep sigh - the teachers in the Palace of Mirrors didn't have it easy... students were the most rebellious in high school, and no matter if teachers were too strict or too lenient, problems would pop up either way. Outstanding teachers all had gauges in their hearts and knew how to weigh between right and wrong, and when to push or to relax.

Then again, they couldn't be completely indulgent!

An orderly world was one with rules.

These points for attention might look like rules, but were more like means of indulging students. If students had no self-control, this could cause chaos.

However, Guo Ping didn't think such a thing would happen in the Palace of Mirrors.

The Palace of Mirrors did have native inhabitants, but more than that, they took in the souls of the deceased from the rest of the universe. Although people were resurrected in the Palace of Mirrors, they lost memories of their past lives and only remembered how they died. Then, the shadow men arranged for them to settle down in this world, build new families, and live every day without hopes or dreams.

There were jobs in the Palace of Mirrors, but all resources were shared; even if one had a salary, there was no need for the people here to spend money on what they wanted.

Money here was just for show.

Although they were brought back to life and could obtain all the material things they wanted, they lived without dreams or hopes.

They were like puppets, living repetitive lives under the control of these shadow men.

"So, is this really a happy place?" Wang Ming grinned mockingly.

"It's nothing more than a world that seems to have rules when it actually doesn't." Guo Ping couldn't help trembling. He could sense how bizarre this world was. When he thought carefully about it, he shuddered with horror. Guo Ping was a man who had also experienced much of life. When he drifted through space back then and everyone thought he was already dead, he arrived alone on Divine Dao Star, delved into the language of the Divine Dragons using his human intelligence, and experienced all kinds of strange things.

But now, standing at the entrance of the fake Number 60 High in the Palace of Mirrors, Guo Ping got goosebumps all over his body, and he utterly didn't dare think too hard about this world anymore.

Wang Ling never thought that he would come into contact with a world in another sense of the term; this world was different from the "secret land" as understood by many cultivators.

Although secret lands were also in a different space, generally speaking, they still existed in the same dimension.

But this world which Wang Ling had come to was completely different from the real world. The shadow men here radiated a mysterious power. Star Lord of Divine Dao Star said that this was a special power called "Fate Dao," but after going deep into the Palace of Mirrors, Wang Ling felt that it wasn't that simple.

To avoid being detected, Wang Ling and the others put on Number 60 High's school uniform after climbing over the wall. Wang Ling always had Number 60 High's school uniform on hand. He was a good kid who was fond of being clean, and had several spare sets in case his uniform got dirty from battle or some mishap.

The truth was that Wang Ling wasn't the only one who had several sets of clothes on hand. A lot of cartoon protagonists were actually equipped as such, which was why their clothes forever looked the same and weren't the least bit damaged in the cartoon, regardless of wind, rain, thunder and lightning, or after a battle... Everyone had several spare sets of clothes ready!

Guo Ping and Wang Ming didn't need to wear the school uniform. The mecha armor they were wearing could camouflage itself and change outfits at any time. Wang Ling just needed to change into the school uniform, and after scanning it, identical clothes would appear on them. This was a very practical function, similar to how a chameleon changed its appearance.

"Which class are you students from?" In the distance, a very pretty girl suddenly appeared from around the corner of the teaching building. She was wearing a snow-white apron, which was actually part of a full goth maid costume. Her voice was incomparably clear and sweet, and was as melodious as a small bell.

"Grade One, Class Three," Wang Ling replied quietly.

The girl frowned. "So it's Grade One, Class Three... How rare for you to actually show up at school. But what are you doing here? Students from the loser class hate coming to school the most. Even if it's two days on Saturday and Sunday, they still try their best to cut class."

Wang Ling: "..."

"Loser class?" Wang Ming was taken aback.

He remembered that Wang Ling's Grade One, Class Three was supposed to be an elite class...

Sure enough, everything in the Palace of Mirrors was the opposite.

"Who are you?" Guo Ping probed.

The girl in front of them sighed very helplessly and spread her hands. "You don't come to school often, no wonder you don't recognize me. I cook all the food in school on Saturday and Sunday! My name is Li Juan. You can call me Juan'er."

Juan'er...

Wang Ling felt that the word seemed a little familiar.

Then, he raised his head in astonishment.

WTF!

It turned out that this person was the Palace of Mirrors' Mother Juan!

And Wang Ling could clearly sense that this person wasn't a departed spirit who had wandered over, but was a native inhabitant of the Palace of Mirrors!





Chapter 1000 Mother Juan's Dream


Although Mother Juan in this dimension was also the kitchen lady at Number 60 High, she was much younger and prettier than the one in the real world... Gazing at her face, Wang Ling wasn't used to it. It wasn't because she wasn't pretty enough, but that she was so pretty that he somehow felt it was all an act. Besides, Wang Ling felt that the real Mother Juan was more affable.

Though she was now going down the road of "black cuisine" in order to develop a new cooking style, she actually had very good intentions!

"It's noon; all of you haven't eaten yet, have you? How about following me to the canteen for a bite?" Miss Juan'er smiled.

"Will that be alright?" Wang Ming asked.

"You students are really strange. This is my first time seeing the weak students from the loser class being so polite. You're clearly the elite of all the losers, which is why you have the word 'Elite' on the back of your school uniforms," Miss Juan'er said.

Wang Ling: "..."

It turned out that the definition of the word "Elite" had been modified here...

This Palace of Mirrors was really a mystical world.

"Then let's talk while we eat," Wang Ming said.

"Then wait for me, I'm going to the washroom," Mother Juan said.

"Alright..."

Miss Juan'er quickly ran to the female washroom, and walked out a dozen or so seconds later.

Wang Ming was baffled. "So quick?"

Miss Juan'er: "If you pee standing up, of course it's quick."

Everyone: "..."

Next to Wang Ling's feet, Er Ha was thoroughly shocked by this world.

Girls peed standing up... Then didn't that mean boys had to squat and use toilet paper? What kind of strange operation was this?!

...

Li Juan invited Wang Ling and the others to the canteen to eat.

Only then did Wang Ling realize that there was actually quite a number of teachers in the canteen, and Wang Ling and the others stood out. When the teachers saw Wang Ling, they all bowed obsequiously and weren't irritable despite knowing that they were students from the loser class.

There was no lack of courteous and easy-going teachers, but the entire system in the Palace of Mirrors was chaotic. Wang Ling couldn't help lamenting this difference.

This dimension, with all its confusion and disregard for rules and order, should never exist.

But Wang Ling had yet to determine who on earth was the person who ruled behind the scenes.

"Why are the teachers still at work?"

"The students rest from Monday to Friday. Naturally, some teachers have to work overtime to prepare lessons for Saturday and Sunday."

Wang Ling's heart couldn't help feeling heavy when he heard this.

To be a teacher in this world was pretty miserable.

Although the 996-working hours system in the real world also wasn't humane, it was nothing compared with this world!

...

As Wang Ling had thought, Mother Juan's cooking was normal in the Palace of Mirrors. While the dishes didn't look as good as in the real world, they were at the very least not poisonous.

Wang Ling took a sip of Mother Juan's chicken soup and found it a little bland. Although it wasn't poisonous, it tasted a lot worse... In the real world, it tasted and looked good, but could poison a person to death!

In Number 60 High, Mother Juan's dishes, Chen Chao's mouth, Guo Hao's uncles... These were all secret weapons! Wang Ling even felt that these secret weapons on their own could rival Heavenly Dao.

"It's tough being a teacher." Wang Ming couldn't help sighing as he ate.

Wang Ming had never gone to school; Old Qi had noticed him and taken him away when he was four years old. Since then, he had always grown up under Old Qi's guidance. He completed all the cultivation school programs the year he turned five - all the diplomas and certificates he earned could be used to wallpaper a house.

It had to be said that learning wasn't anything hard for the two brothers of the Wang family.

But there was a clear difference in their attitudes toward it.

Wang Ming was afraid that he wasn't outstanding enough.

Wang Ling was afraid of being too outstanding and of getting full marks if he accidentally performed at his usual standard.

No one else could understand this sort of pain.

A person shouldering the weight of excellence at an age no one should.

Sigh.

The wine was bitter going down the throat, the heart ached.

The meal passed silently. The truth was that Wang Ling and the others still didn't know how to discreetly ask Mother Juan about the Palace of Mirrors.

Half an hour later, after almost everyone else in the canteen had left, Mother Juan was the first to break the deadlock. "You're actually not from this world, are you?" She was just probing, but hit the nail on the head. Wang Ling and the others froze on the spot at the question. They had thought that their disguise was flawless, and there was no reason for them to be caught.

"Don't be nervous, I mean no harm. It's just a kind of feeling that only native inhabitants of this world have." Mother Juan explained, "I sense something different about you compared with the others. Perhaps you've also noticed that the people who live in this world are like puppets on strings, moving completely to someone else's will. Even though they are departed spirits who floated over from elsewhere and were brought back to life, there is in fact no difference from when they were dead."

"How did you know these people are the souls of the dead?" Wang Ming was very curious.

"It seems I guessed right. From the moment I was born into this world, I had the vague feeling that something wasn't right. The people around me are like NPCS in a game: they say and do the same things every day. They come into this world, obtain new lives, enjoy the shared resources, and won't die or grow old. That's the scariest part. You've watched The Truman Show, right? It's that sort of feeling..."

Mother Juan mused, "I was just guessing about the foundation of this world, and it wasn't until I saw you today that I knew for sure. There've been times when I've wondered: if there was another 'me' in another world, what would I be like?"

"Then when did you first realize?" Guo Ping didn't expect things to progress this quickly.

Since they were already talking about it, he hastily got to the heart of the matter.

"When I was very young, lots of strange buildings appeared in this world. You've probably already seen them; they're called dream houses... These buildings for recruiting the souls of the dead popped up all over the place one day, like mushrooms after the rain. Since then, more and more shadow men appeared in this world, and the existence of the dream houses caused the local residents of this world to gradually forget their sense of self."

Speaking up to this point, Mother Juan held out a hand. "This is the mark of the dream house. I spent a tremendous amount to get this fake mark made in order to survive in this world... As long as I have this, my memories won't be assimilated."

"So this Palace of Mirrors... was invaded by someone else?" Guo Ping was astonished and the rest were similarly horrified to hear that. No one expected this to be an elaborate plan for decades in the making.

"That's right." Mother Juan nodded. "But it was a dream which warned me of this at the very beginning. I seemed to dream of myself in another world, where I was older and had put on some weight."

"..." Wang Ling looked up with a curious expression.

"It seems that you know me in that other world." Mother Juan smiled. "It was a very unusual dream. She told me a lot of things, and a large part of the reason why we could connect in a dreamscape had to do with her courting death..."

"Courting death?"

"That's right; I heard that she was inventing a lot of new dishes, and when she sampled them, she almost poisoned herself..."

"..."