Chapter 1101 Wang Ling Is Great!


Headmaster Chen was an honest person, and had always been modest and prudent when conducting himself in society. In front of old man Sun Yiyuan, he felt that he should be even more modest in his manner. Actually, in Headmaster Chen's heart, Wang Ling was indeed an excellent student. He couldn't say that, however; instead, he would speak of Wang Ling's shortcomings and mistakes.

Then, what were Wang Ling's shortcomings and mistakes?

Headmaster Chen pondered carefully for quite some time. Apart from the fact that Wang Ling was a little too withdrawn, which wasn't really a shortcoming... he really couldn't find fault with Wang Ling. In all the years since Number 60 High was founded, Headmaster Chen felt that Wang Ling was the first student with such a commonplace existence.

He got average marks in his tests and stood in the middle of the class queue. As for his ranking in all team competitions... it seemed that he was in the middle.

"According to Headmaster Chen, Student Wang Ling is introverted. Then, does he have any friends?" Old Man Sun asked.

"Of course," answered Headmaster Chen.

Up to that point, Headmaster Chen had in fact been keeping a careful eye on every student's social circle. He was worried that there would be students who were unable to fit in and were thus isolated. Isolated children were more vulnerable to school violence, which wasn't necessarily physical; cold violence was also a type of school violence.

As headmaster, Headmaster Chen felt that it was his mandatory duty to put an end to school violence.

Teaching head knowledge was admittedly important, but so was nurturing the spirit. Headmaster Chen hoped that every student who graduated from Number 60 High would leave Senior Grade Three with good memories, and not psychological shadows which they might bury in their hearts for decades, before they came back to beat up or denounce teachers and say that it was never too late to take revenge.

"Having friends proves that Wang Ling has his own special charisma." Old Man Sun laughed as he got a clearer picture of Wang Ling in his mind.

Headmaster Chen didn't know what to say, and could only smile. "Our school used to have an entrance test which made use of the remnants of a demon king's primordial soul. At the beginning of the first semester, the demon king unexpectedly escaped... Fortunately, our teacher reacted promptly and fused the residual soul with the skeleton of a dog, turning it into a green-furred akita."

"Oh, something like this happened?" Old Man Sun was amazed.

"Yes, Mr Sun. That dog is now being raised at Wang Ling's home. Back then, a lot of the students said that they couldn't keep a dog at home, but Wang Ling's family just happened to have a lot of space. In addition, we also felt that Wang Ling was too introverted. Getting him to help us raise the dog would also help Student Wang Ling become closer with the other students..." said Headmaster Chen.

His intention in saying this much was clear.

He was correcting Old Man Sun's thoughts about Wang Ling...

What he was implying was that Wang Ling's ability to make friends had less to do with his charisma than with part of the school's educational policy and decision-making.

But Old Man Sun clearly didn't think that way.

After hearing the whole story, he couldn't help beaming. "Wang Ling is so withdrawn, but not only can he make friends, even the dog is willing to stay at his place. That isn't easy!"

Headmaster Chen: "..."

Old Man Sun: "Besides, this dog has the soul of a demon king, doesn't it?"

Headmaster Chen: "Yes..."

Old Man Sun: "As a demon king, has it been behaving itself after turning into a dog?"

Headmaster Chen: "Very much so. And now that it's familiar with Wang Ling, it listens to him. When the Shadow Stream assassins came to the school back then, Student Er Ha helped us kill one of them."

"Isn't that great?" Old Man Sun said, "Since Student Wang Ling's family is raising the dog, this is enough to prove that Wang Ling's family upbringing is very good. Even making the demon king obedient! Don't you think there's something in the way that even such a fierce demon king can be reformed and do what it's told?"

Hearing this, Headmaster Chen was instantly lost for words.

Old Man Sun's analysis was incredibly logical and practically watertight... Even if Headmaster Chen wanted to refute, he couldn't! The school had just been discussing whether or not they should pay Wang Ling's family a home visit again to see if any domestic violence was taking place. But now, hearing Old Man Sun's words, Headmaster Chen instantly felt that it actually wasn't necessary.

This was a household that could reform even the demon king - how could it possibly use violence against Student Wang Ling? Old Man Sun's logic was irrefutable! Moreover, even if there really was any domestic violence in the family, Er Ha would have long told the other students about it. Given its spiritual intelligence, how could it not have done something?

"Apart from what you've mentioned, is there anything else about Student Wang Ling?"

Old Man Sun was becoming more and more interested in Wang Ling. Headmaster Chen wiped at his sweat. He was a little reluctant to continue the conversation about Wang Ling, so he changed the topic. "As for Student Xia Ming..."

"Oh, that Student Xia Ming. I'm not interested. Isn't he just from the Ancient Divine Clan? We also have company staff from the Ancient Divine Clan, and they aren't any damn use." Old Man Sun rubbed the top of his cane, his face as calm as an ancient well.

Many people were very envious of the innate advantage of the Ancient Divine Clan's spirit root, but if the clan members weren't talented in their cultivation and their realms stalled for a long time, this advantage still wasn't any use; after they graduated, they still had to work for other people.

As the chairman of a large corporation, Old Man Sun had more or less seen everything, so he naturally wasn't impressed by a mere kid from the Ancient Divine Clan.

In addition, when Xia Ming first entered Number 60 High, it wasn't a key city high school, but a key district school without a particularly high ranking. In Old Man Sun's view, for a child of the Ancient Divine Clan to study in this school meant that he wasn't particularly outstanding.

"Let's continue talking about Student Wang Ling, Headmaster Chen." Old Man Sun brightened when he brought up Wang Ling again.

Headmaster Chen could only change the way he talked about Wang Ling's shortcomings. "Student Wang Ling's grades are always down the middle, and I wonder if his dead fish eyes are distracting..."

"Oh, you mean his single eyelids. I didn't especially like them too, at first, and I also wondered if I should help pay for him to get double eyelid surgery. Later, my assistant said that our Rongrong likes this sort of eyes. Now, I'm used to them. These single eyelids look lifeless, but in fact are especially intimidating, and can give a person a sense of security!" Old Man Sun analyzed.

Headmaster Chen: "Also, as far as I know, Wang Ling still likes snacks, like crispy noodle snacks, for example..."

"Crispy noodle snacks."

Old Man Sun nodded. "Crispy noodle snacks are good! Eating snacks indicates a childlike innocence. Moreover, you can collect cards from crispy noodle snacks! No doubt, Student Wang Ling collects them! This ability also proves that he has a pretty good concept of financial management - he'll be able to accumulate a fortune!"

"..."

For a while, Headmaster Chen was speechless.

Old Man Sun had turned everything into praise...





Chapter 1102 A Ten-Person Delegation


Who knew whether it was because he felt he and Wang Ling were kindred spirits, or because his granddaughter liked Wang Ling, but as Old Man Sun listened to Headmaster Chen and swiftly analyzed the situation, he grew more satisfied the more he heard about Wang Ling. Although it wasn't to the extent of marriage, Sun Yiyuan felt that Wang Ling was someone Sun Rong could date.

Of course, Sun Yiyuan himself couldn't guarantee that there would be feelings, but he felt that even if they didn't wind up together in the end, being friends was also good.

In contrast, he didn't have the slightest interest in Xia Ming; it could even be said that he was set against him.

What made this person think he could meddle when it came to who Old Man Sun's granddaughter wanted to date - the boy had even specially challenged Wang Ling to a duel, but not only didn't he win, he himself was severely injured instead.

How could a person like this protect his granddaughter?

Walking stick in hand, Old Man Sun's mind spun with various thoughts.

While he was dissatisfied with Xia Ming, he couldn't show it outright, so he took a deep breath and asked, "How is Student Xia Ming?"

"He's still in the hospital."

"Is his condition serious?"

"He's fine."

"Our company will pay his medical fees," said Sun Yiyuan.

"That won't do..."

"It's nothing; then, it's decided." Old Man Sun was resolute, and Headmaster Chen naturally couldn't do anything.

This chairman's style was to keep this word.

Of course, apart from paying the medical fees, Old Man Sun actually had his own plan.

After asking Headmaster Chen about Xia Ming's situation, he quickly made a call to Huaguo Water Curtain Group's finance department, and didn't scruple to turn the speaker on so that Headmaster Chen could listen in on the conversation from the side.

"Is that Little Zhang in the finance department?"

"Yes, Chairman, this is Zhang Jie. Do you have any instructions?"

"Go to Peiyuan City Hospital's trauma unit and find a patient called Xia Ming, in Room 207."

"Yes, Chairman. May I ask, what do you want me to do?"

"Take our legal team with you and have a chat with him. Ask him how much money he wants to leave my granddaughter alone."

"..."

After hearing that, Headmaster Chen took a deep breath.

What was this bullshit melodramatic novel plot?!

It could be said that this conversation was completely out of the blue, and Headmaster Chen was dumbfounded when he heard it.

But it wasn't over yet.

"Chairman, out of curiosity, is this Student Xia Ming the one from the live broadcast yesterday..."

"You also know?"

"I... I heard about it."

Sun Yiyuan furrowed his brow. Unexpectedly, this matter had a negative impact!

Logically speaking, staff in the finance department were too busy to pay a matter like this any heed; when they weren't handling outside affairs, they were working overtime to complete the accounts. But even the finance department staff knew of this incident, which displeased Old Man Sun. Indeed, its impact exceeded what he had imagined - the main thing was that it damaged his granddaughter's reputation.

After the live broadcast yesterday, he had already shelled out a great deal of money to crack down on the incident and stop the media from reporting it. But while he had managed to block the major media outlets, the online accounts which took advantage of this momentum weren't as easy to stop.

"The person who told you, where did they find out about it?"

"From a company group chat. The impact of this incident isn't actually as big as Chairman imagines. I also had a look at those Weibo accounts, and all the videos have been completely deleted," said this finance department staff member.

Completely deleted? Who was it? (It was Wang Ming.)

Old Man Sun was startled.

He definitely didn't have that much ability, and he hadn't hired anyone to do it.

Forget it - it was good that it wasn't being spread over the Internet.

"Before you go to the hospital later, scan the group chat records and see who is it that likes to gossip so much. Have him collect his salary from the finance department and tell him to beat it right away"

"Yes, Chairman." Little Zhang shivered on the other end of the phone. "Then, the compensation for Student Xia Ming..."

"Do as you see fit. If it's under ten million, you don't have to report it to me," said Old Man Sun.

"Yes, right away."

And so, the call ended.

The truth was that Sun Yiyuan didn't think that Xia Ming was worth ten million, but to ensure that things worked out, it was necessary to use the right amount of money as bait.

...

Hanging up, Old Man Sun looked at Headmaster Chen and smiled. "I'm sorry that Headmaster Chen had to see that."

"No, no..." Like that staff member of the finance department, Headmaster Chen also shivered. "May I ask, Mr Sun - do you deal with every person who confesses to Student Sun Rong like this..."

"Money is the most straightforward method. Of course, the main thing is that this matter has blown up too much, and I'm afraid that Student Xia might be unwilling to give up and still have some ideas about Rongrong. Most people do know how to back off and let go of impractical thoughts; these are the ones that don't need to be bribed with money," said Sun Yiyuan.

Money was nothing to him; there was nothing he couldn't do, with money.

"I heard that Peiyuan district's body technique exchange meet is happening soon? Will Student Wang Ling be taking part?" Old Man Sun asked as he changed the subject at that moment.

"About that... the name list isn't fixed yet," replied Headmaster Chen.

He wasn't being evasive; it really hadn't been fixed yet.

Until now, Headmaster Chen had still been dithering over the ten-person delegation. This was because only five of them would truly compete, and the other five were reserve participants.

The few transfer students who had just entered the school this semester were very strong, but they were new, after all, and Headmaster Chen didn't think it was very good to send them out right away as their main force. Thus, the name list for the primary participants had yet to be fixed so far.

He didn't stop the fight between Xia Ming and Wang Ling previously because he wanted to figure out which one of the two would be the better choice for the main force.

In the end, after Old Man Sun's words, Headmaster Chen immediately made a decision.

He went on to say, "Although the name list isn't fixed yet... Student Wang Ling has been confirmed as our main force. He prevailed over Student Xia Ming in the confrontation yesterday; whether it was by luck or strength, this is an indisputable fact."

"Mm, a sensible decision." Listening to Headmaster Chen's words, Sun Yiyuan was instantly cheerful. He stood up and shook hands with Headmaster Chen. "Number 60 High is fortunate to have such a smart headmaster!"

As an elderly, Old Man Sun clearly didn't know that the word "smart" had already been twisted in today's culture.

Headmaster Chen understood the younger generation very well, and when he first heard this word, he thought that he was being disparaged...





Chapter 1103 Another Wang Ling


That afternoon, following Sun Yiyuan's "friendly" advice, Headmaster Chen swiftly put the name list together, and it was put up on Number 60 High's bulletin board.

There were five people in the starting lineup: Fang Xing, Guo Hao, Sun Rong, Chen Chao and Wang Ling.

And five reserve players: Gu Shunzhi, Liu Qingyi, Zhen Yuan, Li Youyue, and Xia Ming.

Wang Ling knew most of them since they were basically all on his side. The only person he wasn't familiar with was Li Youyue, who was in the same class as Fang Xing. She was the class monitor of Elite Class Two, and her grades were pretty good. As for Xia Ming... they could be considered acquaintances now after that fight.

If the list had been posted before the duel, a lot of people might have questioned it: With his outstanding grades, why did Xia Ming have to be Wang Ling's substitute?

But after the duel last night, no one made a sound.

Even if there were any who wanted to defend Xia Ming against injustice, they could only swallow their words.

His skills weren't up to scratch! Who could be blamed for that?

In short, there was no easy end to this matter...

When Xia Ming saw the news in the class chat group in the hospital that afternoon, he was so angry that he almost broke his bones which had just recovered!

He had been robbed of his place in the starting lineup; gloomy thoughts started to brew in his mind. "Wang Ling... I'll remember you!"

...

Being forced to become a member of the starting lineup wasn't good news for Wang Ling, since it went against the Wang family's principle of keeping a low profile. He had thought that after nearly half a year of torment, life in the later half of Senior Grade One might be slightly easier - he had never thought that so many huge incidents would happen one after another as soon as school started, causing him to attract the attention of countless people...

Life was so unpredictable!

Thankfully, Father Wang had recently been concerned about the second pregnancy, so he didn't have much energy to spare to pay attention to Wang Ling. Otherwise, he would find an excuse to dock Wang Ling's allowance again.

That evening, Wang Ming's remote projection showed up again in Wang Ling's room: using spirit power, the Heavenly E-Satellite was able to materialize part of the virtual image it projected so that it had substance.

Wang Ming was already very proficient with this method. Previously, he had only been able to materialize his hands. Now, he was able to materialize most of his body, and he could come to Wang Ling's room almost like a real person.

"I've helped you block all the news that can be blocked. So, shouldn't you thank me?" After finding out about Wang Ling and Xia Ming's "duel," Wang Ming had promptly reacted by using his technological skills to block the numerous videos and comments posted online: as long as a keyword was mentioned, the post was rejected with the reason that there was "no Internet connection." A lot of people were also only doing it for fun, so when they repeatedly couldn't post, they naturally gave up.

Reality proved Wang Ming's guess right.

He had already patented this technological trick, as he felt that it could be used to handle some online issues.

While the Internet was already making use of an established real-name identification system, there would always be people who looked for meaning in their existence by venting their emotions online. They thought that no one could see them through the screen, so they recklessly commented and spouted rubbish.

A lot of violent online behavior happened like this.

Some people might think an insult or two wasn't a big deal, but if millions of people thought the same thing, it was enough to form an army and deeply hurt the hearts of many.

Man was born virtuous, but there were times it had to be said that evil intentions were sometimes hard to predict.

Someone once said, "The instance an avalanche happens, no snowflake is innocent."

The minds of those who had endured years of online abuse were very fragile, and the next cruel word they received at any moment could be the final straw to break the camel's back.

This explained why some celebrities suffered from depression and gave up on themselves when they were young and in the prime of their lives.

Prolonged online abuse caused the myriad of colors which they saw in the world to gradually turn to gray and black, until this ultimately became the final, frozen image that they had of the world...

...

Of course, Wang Ling didn't think that his own mind was that fragile. He was still young, but Father and Mother Wang had taught him the ways of Buddha as a very small child, and he had long seen through the vanities of life as he stood above them all. He didn't care if other people cursed him or about their opinions of him, but he didn't want his affairs to become the subject of public discussion.

After all, he was just an ordinary kid who was still in school, and he wasn't a public figure - it thus seemed a little unfair that he was exposed to the public gaze like this.

So it had to be said that Wang Ming's handling of the matter was quite timely.

Wang Ling saw Wang Ming lie down very naturally on his bed. He even took off his socks and stretched like a cat in a cozy cat's nest. Wang Ling kept quiet and didn't say anything.

He could make an exception today...

Dealing with online public opinion was a piece of cake for Wang Ming. Wang Ling knew that Wang Ming hadn't deliberately come today just to claim credit.

"Looks like there's been a development with Bai Youquan," Wang Ling said telepathically as he stared at Wang Ming.

"You guessed it." Wang Ming laughed and said, "You told me before that this guy has Fate Dao and holds memories from various worlds; when we searched his memories, we realised that they were especially jumbled up, so Zhuo Yi entrusted our research institute with the task of doing a thorough screening of this guy's memories. And the result... To be honest, it was unexpected..."

Wang Ling: "???"

"We found another you in his memories," Wang Ming sat up and said with a solemn expression.

Wang Ming had already had a premonition at the very beginning. He still remembered the white-haired Wang Ling he had seen in his dream; he looked exactly like Wang Ling, even down to the dead fish eyes. It was this person who resurrected Devil Gut Fungus Lord as well as the current president of the foreign underground criminal force Night Chief, Bai Zhe.

Devil Gut Fungus Lord was now missing, but President Bai had done a series of things after resurrection. Bai Youquan, for example, had been sent out after President Bai's resurrection.

Although Bai Youquan was nominally President Bai's son, in Wang Ming's opinion, Bai Youquan was not so much his son as his pawn.

Because from beginning to end, President Bai and Devil Gut Fungus Lord had never appeared.

While President Bai had already made a move, it was actually Bai Youquan who showed his face.

After their resurrection, these two individuals whom Wang Ling had personally sent packing before seemed to have become different people, switching out their usual aggressiveness for a behind-the-scenes approach.

And now, it could be said that the root of everything had been found.

This root was one hundred percent that white-haired Wang Ling.

But while this White Hair looked a lot like Wang Ling, Wang Ming had yet to clearly figure out how he was connected to Wang Ling.





Chapter 1104 Speculation About White Hair's Identity


Wang Ming didn't have enough clues to figure out who on earth this White Hair was and how he was connected to Wang Ling.

On the other hand, Wang Ling in fact already had a rough idea, but it was only speculation.

"Fate Dao" was a special Great Dao which he had learned from Bai Youquan. Although it was very complicated, it actually wasn't as difficult to learn as Wang Ling had imagined. After mastering Fate Dao, Wang Ling had a brand new understanding of the three timelines of past, present and future as well as of parallel worlds.

He could deploy strength from whatever parallel world he wanted.

The Fate Dao which Wang Ling controlled was actually different from that of other people.

His world was under his control, and the stories which happened in the other worlds could only be regarded as his "clones"- no matter their personalities or whatever happened, they absolutely couldn't act against his will.

This was the capability born of comprehending the profound truth of Fate Dao.

What Bai Youquan knew only skimmed the surface.

So Wang Ling came up with a theory about White Hair's identity.

Everything actually made sense if this White Hair was one of his clones which had split off from the original world before Wang Ling had mastered Fate Dao.

But Wang Ling felt that this White Hair wasn't as strong as he had thought.

If he really was so amazing, why not just directly destroy the world?

After coming to this world, he resurrected dead enemies and created the black shadow army — what was the point of going to all this useless trouble?

It could only be because there was another unknown master plan behind it.

This was currently just speculation on Wang Ling's part, but given the minor clues and evidence which Wang Ming had provided, the possibility was fairly high.

The more Wang Ling pondered, the more he felt this explanation made sense.

Because so far, he had yet to find any traces of White Hair.

There was nothing that Wang Ling couldn't find on this earth.

But if this person had popped up from some other world, it did make sense that Wang Ling couldn't find him.

After all, different stories happened in each world at every moment, and the laws and times of each world were completely different. They used spirit qi in this world, while other worlds might use some natural energy source as a substitute, like battle qi, horse qi1, immortal qi and so on.

1(From a satire of the Chinese novel "Battle Through The Heavens.") Wang Ling didn't sleep soundly that night.

Another person who couldn't sleep was Xia Ming, who lay awake in the hospital.

This was a youngster's typical nature.

Xia Ming was unwilling to accept the outcome of his duel with Wang Ling, and felt that Wang Ling had defeated him purely by luck.

But he just couldn't figure out what body technique the other party had used.

Why did every punch Xia Ming throw ultimately wind up hitting himself instead?

Why was he the only one who got hurt during the fight?!

He had claimed that he wouldn't let Wang Ling off, but he actually hadn't been thinking anything too vicious. He just wanted to find a proper chance to fight Wang Ling again!

Fair and square! Secretly compare notes! Not for Sun Rong! Just to vent a little!

After lying in the hospital for a while, Xia Ming felt that his head had already cooled down a bit.

That afternoon, that Zhang from the finance department came on behalf of Huaguo Water Curtain Group to ask that he stay away from Sun Rong, for a price...

Xia Ming felt that Huaguo Water Curtain Group might have misunderstood him, and so he turned down the man's request on the spot. However, Xia Ming agreed that he would no longer disturb Sun Rong in public, and he would act according to the principle of fair competition in the future.

Xia Ming contemplated for half a day in the hospital and concluded that the biggest reason why Sun Rong didn't like him was probably because he wasn't outstanding enough.

If he could be outstanding enough...

Everything might go a lot smoother!

As Xia Ming tossed and turned in the hospital ward at that moment, he only had one thought in his mind: he just wanted his injuries to heal more quickly, and return to his school life as soon as possible and study hard — he would study how to fight Wang Ling, and then give him a sound thrashing!

It was already two in the morning, but Xia Ming didn't feel the least bit tired.

He stared at the ceiling, lost in thought.

At that moment, the door to his ward suddenly opened. Thinking that it was the nurse doing the rounds, Xia Ming closed his eyes and ignored her.

A very low and magnetic male voice rang out, sounding out of place in the ward. "Xia Ming, descendant of Ancient Divine Clan, how are you feeling?"

This clearly wasn't the female nurse's voice.

Xia Ming thought it was some visitor, and he half-turned on his side, one hand already gripping the call button. He was in no mood at all to deal with this visitor, and his tone was quite impatient. "Bro, it's the dead of night, can't you tell the time???" Who would visit a patient at midnight?! Only a lunatic or a psycho!

"May I advise you to not do anything, Student Xia Ming, or I can't guarantee the safety of the little nurse who'll be coming by later." Along with the voice, Xia Ming saw a dark shadow as thin as gossamer thread which gripped his hand firmly.

In just a split second, Xia Ming couldn't move; there was an immense pressure on his body, as if he were tied down by some incomprehensible power. It was extremely similar to sleep paralysis — although he couldn't move, he was wide awake!

He could sense that the dark shadow was talking to him.

"Who on earth are you..." Xia Ming already realized at that moment that the other party hadn't come with good intentions; the other party definitely wasn't here to see how he was doing, but for something else.

"I'm Nightmare."

The dark shadow laughed. "I am everyone's nightmare."

"What do you mean?" Xia Ming was baffled.

"You don't need to know what it means, but the one thing I can tell you is that I'm here to help grant your wish." The voice of that mysterious shadow sounded again. "Do you know what you lacked the most in your defeat?"

"Strength..." answered Xia Ming.

"That's right. You are indeed too weak." The shadow laughed. "So, I can help you become stronger, Student Xia Ming."

"What rubbish is this?" Xia Ming said.

"People from the Ancient Divine Clan have unique physiques. Furthermore, your physique is in fact one-in-million, even in the Ancient Divine Clan: you can absorb the power of all the underground heavenly veins. As long as you absorb this power, defeating that Student Wang will be a piece of cake. What do you think? Do you want to be stronger? Shall we make a deal, man to man?"





Chapter 1105 Dark Ancestor Xie Sanxiao and Zuo Butong


"What do you want me to do..." At that moment, Xia Ming was a little frightened by the fact that he couldn't move at all. His spirit almost couldn't bear the mysterious force that was pressing down on him. It was a torturous feeling, and like this person's name suggested, Xia Ming felt like he was in a nightmare.

It was very common for people to struggle while they were having a nightmare, and that was what Xia Ming was feeling — he just wanted to escape the nightmare as soon as possible.

After lying in the hospital for a whole day and calming down with much difficulty, Xia Ming's frame of mind was thrown into chaos once again with the appearance of this man called Nightmare.

"It'll be the national high school body technique exchange meet soon, and it'll be held on the famous Nine Dragon Mountain. Student Xia, you only have one task, which is to look for a chance to climb to the top of the mountain; I'll give you further instructions then," said Nightmare.

"National? Isn't it held by our district..." Xia Ming was startled.

"Plans can change. As for the details, Student Xia will find out tomorrow. I hope you'll be there. Of course, to prove that I indeed have the ability to make you stronger, let me first give you a small gift." After the man called Nightmare said that, Xia Ming felt the pressure that was holding him down suddenly ease up; it was like the joy of suddenly being set free after being imprisoned for so long, or the feeling of releasing your piss after holding it in for a long time.

Very quickly, Xia Ming woke up.

At that moment, he was amazed to realize that his body no longer hurt...

...

The man called Nightmare completed his task. He didn't have a specific form, and was just a shadow which moved swiftly and didn't leave any traces behind.

Nightmare appeared in a completely abandoned factory in Songhai city, and reported to someone standing on the other side of an iron door. "The preliminary task has been completed."

"Well done. As expected of the Dark Network's number one leader three hundred years ago."

The person on the other side of the door said, "Without this Ancient Divine Clan as the key, the main vein can never be opened. I no longer have the patience to wait - I have to take this chance."

"It's all thanks to the lord," Nightmare relied reverently. He had been resurrected by this white-haired lord behind the door. He had no idea what type of methods this lord had used, but Nightmare was convinced of his strength.

Three hundred years ago, he had been number one in the Dark Network. If he hadn't died, that Ultimate King of Killers, who had already been caught, wouldn't have risen to number one.

Nightmare didn't expect that after sleeping for so long, he would actually be brought back to life.

It was simply like a dream.

"Now, you still have one final task," White Hair said from inside.

"Lord, please say it."

"I want you to sneak into the Residence of Reincarnation and bring back that guy's broken bone piece."

Residence of Reincarnation... broken bone piece...

Nightmare was startled.

Naturally, he couldn't be any more familiar with the Residence of Reincarnation.

This so-called Residence of Reincarnation was also called the Prison of Reincarnation! This was the largest underground prison in Huaxiu nation! All kinds of vicious spirits which couldn't be completely exterminated as well as savage criminals were imprisoned there! And speaking of broken bones in the Residence of Reincarnation, the first person Nightmare could think of was that legend who founded the Dark Network back then - Xie Sanxiao! People called him: Dark Ancestor!

"Lord wants to...?"

"That's right, I want to bring him back to life. However, it's inconvenient for me to make a move directly, which is why you're going. This person is the key to the later part of the plan," said the person behind the door. He wasn't the least bit worried that Nightmare would leak the plan; on the contrary, he told Nightmare what he was going to do next. "Xie Sanxiao's original surname is actually Xia. A long time ago, he was called Xia Sanxiao."

"Xia Sanxiao?" Nightmare's attention was instantly caught by this surname. "Can it be..."

"Xie Sanxiao, whom people call Dark Ancestor, was in fact a founding figure of the Ancient Divine Clan. Unfortunately, he died too early."

Speaking about Dark Ancestor Xie Sanxiao, this was still vivid in Nightmare's mind. When the news broke back then that this Dark Ancestor had finally been arrested and executed, the entire Dark Network had been shaken! No one believed that this legendary founder of the Dark Network would actually die! He had also died at the hands of a person named Zuo Butong. In order to catch Xie Sanxiao, the International Alliance of Cultivators had gathered cultivators from various nations to form a team, and the first Alliance Heavenly Dao warrant was issued; under the Alliance's command, five hundred thousand cultivators from all over the world acted as one to besiege Xie Sanxiao!

But in the end, when everyone found Xie Sanxiao, a four-man cultivator team dispatched by Huaxiu nation had already taken Xie Sanxiao's head - and the team leader was that very Zuo Butong.

The entire world had been utterly shaken after that.

And Huaxiu nation gained worldwide fame after that operation

In the end, Dark Ancestor Xie Sanxiao was completely incinerated and his body reduced to ash; the only thing left of him was half his skull, the hardest part of the body. Huaxiu Alliance tried several times, but was unable to completely burn it. In the end, it became a keepsake for the Huaxiu team which took down Dark Ancestor Xie Sanxiao, and was stored at the Residence of Reincarnation.

"Back then, it wasn't this Zuo Butong, the team leader, who dealt the killing blow. Xie Sanxiao died after he failed to absorb the power of the main vein; Zuo Butong finding him at that moment was just a coincidence."

"A coincidence... so that was what actually happened?"

"This wasn't a secret among the higher-ups back then; someone from the International Alliance of Cultivators even raised the issue. They made such a big fuss about issuing the first Alliance Heavenly Dao warrant to hunt down the most wanted head of the Dark Network. After mobilizing an army of hundreds of thousands of cultivators from all around the world, Xie Sanxiao ultimately died because of something he himself did. If this got out, what do you think public opinion would've been like?"

"..." Nightmare was silent; he completely never expected that there would be this sort of story behind what happened back then.

"At that time, Xie Sanxiao couldn't absorb the power of the main vein, and exploded from the backlash. Zuo Butong's team just happened to be nearby, and took his head in passing. Furthermore, this Zuo Butong's descendant is also one of the organizers of the national high school body technique exchange meet this time."

"Who is it??"

"Xie Sanxiao's real name was Xia Sanxiao, while Zuo Butong's real name naturally wasn't Zuo Butong. Although he shot to fame after this battle and was awarded a first-class contribution medal by the International Alliance of Cultivators, he didn't want to be envied for how quickly his star had risen, and he hurriedly applied to change his name. The people who knew what happened back then buried this secret in their hearts; even now, Zuo Butong's descendants don't know about their ancestor's achievement back then."

Behind the door, the man who knew everything chuckled lightly. "And so, he changed his name from Zuo to Zhuo. His descendants now have the surname Zhuo. Currently, his most famous descendant is Zhuo Yi."





Chapter 1106 Burying Meritorious Deed and Name


Killing Dark Ancestor Xie Sanxiao was world-shaking news. Going instantly from an ordinary cultivator to a hero revered by the people, a normal person would find it very hard to bear the halos and sugar-coated bullets that followed.

But Zuo Butong calmed down in the end; he knew very well how a blameless person could still rouse the envy of others, as well as the danger of tall trees attracting the wind.

He decided to bury his meritorious deed and name, not only for his and his descendants' safety, but also for the future of the entire Zuo family.

Even if he was tempted to accept this lucky windfall and receive this gargantuan honor which didn't belong to him, he couldn't guarantee that the descendants of the Zuo bloodline wouldn't be puffed up with arrogance in the future.

People who were swollen with arrogance made mistakes very easily.

Before a lot of successful figures reached the top, they were bound to experience all sorts of trials and hardships; if they leapt to the top in one go, they would only hurt themselves in the end.

What Zuo Butong feared was that because of the halo effect, he and his descendants would lose the motivation to work hard and progress.

Thus, he chose to lay low.

He gave up everything and even changed his clan name.

Zuo Butong and Huaxiu Alliance acted on a secret mission to erase the memories of friends and family who knew about his glory back then.

Zuo Butong even erased his own memory.

The next time he woke up, his appearance had changed, and even his name had become Zhuo Tong.

That hero Zuo Butong became a legendary Huaxiua hero in Zhuo Tong and everybody's memories...

When Zhuo Tong visited the heroes' memorial every year on behalf of his organization and saw Zuo Butong's face, he was always struck by the sense that the latter seemed familiar.

Of course, these were already stories of the past.

So, in some sense, White Hair felt that this Zuo Butong was also an extraordinary person.

His realm couldn't be considered high, but he was farsighted.

It was just that even Zhuo Tong himself never thought that his ability to win at life would be passed down to his descendants, especially to the one called Zhuo Yi...

Where Zhuo Yi differed from Zuo Butong was that he was still pursuing progress, even now.

This was because Zhuo Yi had always been keenly aware that what he had now didn't really belong to him, and he needed to work harder to prove that he was worthy of all of it!

Nightmare was greatly shaken when White Hair was done talking about the basic situation, and had yet to completely digest this history from back then.

"Lord, rest assured. I now understand the situation, and I'll leave for the Residence of Reincarnation right away."

Naturally, it was impossible to learn this information through normal channels, but White Hair had his own unique means.

He had calculated the time, and initially planned to take advantage of the moment that Wang Nuan was born into this world to use the power of Shadow Dao and directly blast open Nine Dragon Mountain's main vein... Unfortunately, Wang Ling was far more vigilant than he had imagined.

He was running out of time, and couldn't continue messing around with Wang Ling; he had no choice but to switch to plan B.

Whether it was Nightmare, Xia Ming, or that Dark Ancestor Xie Sanxiao who was on the verge of being resurrected -

When all was said and done, they were nothing more than his pawns.

...

The Prison of Reincarnation was also called the Residence of Reincarnation.

It was the largest underground prison situated in Huaxiu nation's Jinghua city, and the main prison for all top-level criminals.

The Old Devil, Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu, and Evil Sword God would have been sent here, but the head of the Ten Generals, General Bai, had them stay back to be reorganized into the three-person Mahjong Squad and to carry out missions to atone for their crimes. It was for this reason that their prison transfer wasn't carried out.

The prisoners locked up in the Residence of Reincarnation had conducted truly heinous crimes... Actually, whether it was Old Devil, Cheng Yu or Evil Sword God, their crimes didn't seem as bad in contrast.

Old Devil back then had simply lost his head over love — he didn't want to let go of this past fate, and had thus invaded the National Palace to look for the Wheel of Time, creating enormous havoc. Plenty of people had also further distorted the truth of a lot of things behind the scenes, when they weren't as terrifying as the rumors made them out to be. The Old Devil had in fact actually only committed a trespassing offense...

When it came to Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu, his Immortal Mansion hadn't gotten the approval of the dark forces. He had initially wanted to use Immortal She Pi's magic array to refine an exceptional divine sword and create chaos. Unfortunately, he just had to steal Jingke... Before he could do anything, his entire organization collapsed! It was like a newly-established company which had the license and staff, and was about to open for business, but the industrial and commercial bureau suddenly dropped by to take the boss away on grounds of operating illegally...

As for Evil Sword God, nothing much needed to be said.

To surpass his master, he cultivated an evil art, which caused him to be possessed by his inner demon. Simply put, he was a mental patient with multiple personality disorder...

As everyone knew, mental patients couldn't break the law...

Of course, there were logical explanations for their behavior, but the fact was that their actions had adverse effects. It thus made sense for them to be sentenced to a thousand years in prison. In addition, General Bai had put forward the condition that their thousand-year sentences could only be reduced through their service and not through the regular application procedure.

In other words, if there were no missions to run, they could only wait for one... right up until their prison sentences were up.

It seemed very wretched, but at the very least, Warden Liang treated them quite well in Songhai First Prison, and would occasionally play mahjong with them.

In contrast, the truly hideous criminals in the Residence of Reincarnation weren't treated as well.

This was Nightmare's first time at the Residence of Reincarnation.

After White Hair brought him back to life, he had also gained some power of Fate Dao, like Bai Youquan, which made him stronger than before he died.

Nightmare couldn't quite imagine how terrifying that Dark Ancestor would be after he was resurrected.

He snuck inside without being noticed.

The art which Nightmare cultivated was extremely unique; he had refined his material body into a virtual one - this was the peak of the Nightmare Art!

Criminals in fact weren't held on the eighth floor of the underground prison.

The Residence of Reincarnation divided criminals into seven classes: the deeper underground the criminals were imprisoned, the higher their class.

The eighth floor was an exhibition hall which displayed the remains of some Super S-class criminals.

When these criminals were found, they were basically executed on the spot by Huaxiu's Immortal Arts Mobile Squadron or the Alliance Peacekeeping Force.

Displaying these remains, firstly, acted as a warning about how dangerous these criminals were, and secondly, demonstrated how difficult it was for law enforcement to crack down on criminal activity.

And the skull of Dark Ancestor Xie Sanxiao which White Hair had mentioned was placed in this eight zone... .

Apart from Xie Sanxiao's skull, Nightmare also discovered a lot of interesting things during his search.





Chapter 1107 Unsolved Mystery Of the Residence of Reincarnation


As Dark Ancestor, Xie Sanxiao was the most shocking figure in the world back then. That these criminal relics could be displayed alongside the skull of the legendary Dark Ancestor meant that they weren't ordinary people. Along the way, Nightmare saw a lot of international criminals with extremely high Heavenly Dao bounties who were wanted by Huaxiu Alliance - these people had yet to be caught before Nightmare's death; he had never expected them to one by one become exhibits here over the last few centuries.

For example, when Nightmare entered the door, he saw that damaged dark gold armor. It hadn't been completely wiped clean of blood, which had long dried up and clung firmly to the armor.

If Nightmare wasn't mistaken, the owner of this dark gold armor was a Western cultivator called Mordekaiser, who was known as "Golden Tank." In those days, this dark gold armor was a symbol of Kaiser's identity! However, what was truly solid wasn't his armor, but his body.

Nightmare couldn't imagine that Mordekaiser, who was called "Golden Tank," and who had the Sage Body that was called the strongest body, was also no more.

From the marks on the armor, it seemed that someone had pierced Kaiser's abdomen with a fist - but who on earth was it?

It was very hard to imagine that there was actually a man in this world who could actually destroy Golden Tank's body...

After walking for a while, Nightmare found the remnants of yet a second acquaintance.

It was a broken jade bead...

If Nightmare's guess was right, this should be the inner core of Kui Wolf Goblin King, a sixth-level demon king who had fled to the human world through the Gate Between Worlds and committed crimes all over the place.

Nightmare didn't expect even Kui Wolf to be caught.

Kui Wolf knew how to transform into a human being, and had lived successfully in the human world for some time back then. He even starred in several movies about the wolf race, and became a famous idol celebrity for a while, even winning several Golden Wolf Awards. Logically speaking, as long as Kui Wolf continued to disguise himself, no one should be able to guess his true identity... So how was even Kui Wolf discovered?

Nightmare was puzzled.

Gazing at the numerous relics on display, most of which belonged to acquaintances, he suddenly felt that the world was too hypocritical.

It was so hard to be a villain nowadays! It was too hard for him!

But Nightmare pondered carefully. He had ascended to the top as number one of the Dark Network, but he actually hadn't done many wicked things. When Mordekaiser and Kui Wolf had been in the Dark Network's rankings back then, Nightmare hadn't even made it onto the list.

Then how had he climbed to the top?

Nightmare remembered that it was Kui Wolf who seemed to have looked for him first. At that time, they were nothing more than drinking buddies, and weren't close. Kui Wolf approached him, saying that someone was willing to pay a lot of money for Nightmare to use his Nightmare Art to send someone to a mental hospital. Nightmare remembered that he hadn't agreed at first because he didn't want to do anything illegal.

After some investigation later, he found out that the person Kui Wolf had asked him to deal with was in fact a serial murderer who had been on the run for many years... Thinking of that bountiful reward, Nightmare ultimately accepted the job.

But once he started, they kept coming...

That client spread the news, and more and more people started looking for Nightmare through Kui Wolf.

And Nightmare sent more and more people to the mental hospital...

After a long period of time, Nightmare discovered one day that he had become a wanted criminal, and was at the top of the Dark Network's list.

He remembered having recurring nightmares after becoming number one. While he was fleeing Huaxiu Alliance's pursuit, he ultimately died at the hands of an old Taoist.

And after he died...

That murderer, who had been the first person he had sent to the mental hospital back then, had achieved success in his cultivation in prison. Not only did this baldie, nicknamed Ultimate King of Killers, escape from prison, he also climbed to the top to become the number one of the Dark Network...

Nightmare later learned that Kaiser hadn't died back then.

There were records of Ultimate King of Killers, who was the strongest in combat ability, exchanging blows with Kaiser.

Looking at the records, this match ended in a draw.

Then, who was it who had punched Kaiser in the stomach?

It was such a big and deep opening - almost piercing him all the way through! How terrifying the other side's strength had to be!

This was one of the unsolved mysteries in the Residence of Reincarnation that Nightmare wanted to investigate this time: Who on earth was it who had punched Kaiser...

Finally, in the innermost part of the Residence of Reincarnation, in a completely sealed glass cabinet.

Nightmare finally saw the symbol of boundless evil that was Dark Ancestor's skull.

Even though the only thing left behind after Dark Ancestor was burnt was half his skull, Nightmare could sense its mystical strength and indescribable power from where it lay on the display stand before him, and he couldn't help but feel the desire to kneel down in worship.

He had been astonished by how Dark Ancestor had died, and even more astonished at Dark Ancestor's mad idea to absorb the main vein.

There were over a thousand Heavenly veins in the world, and one main vein.

Absorbing the main vein meant absorbing the tremendous energy of these other thousand underground spirit veins!

Dark Ancestor had clearly underestimated this energy back then.

This was the spirit power of an entire planet! If his body was unable to bear it after he absorbed all of it into his body, it was inevitable that he would suffer a backlash.

"Dark Ancestor, this junior will be offending you." With reverence in his heart, Nightmare reached out his hand to soundlessly infiltrate the glass cabinet and directly take the skull away.

He was already dead.

This life was given to him by that White Hair.

For Nightmare, there was already no turning back.

How the world developed in the future would have nothing to do with him.

Even if it was destroyed.

...

Saturday November 8th, the day after Nightmare's soundless infiltration.

It was only then that the staff member in charge of taking inventory of the display items noticed that Dark Ancestor's skull had disappeared.

The whole of the Residence of Reincarnation was shocked by this incident, and Huaxiu Alliance hastily called for an emergency meeting.

"Have all internal staff been ruled out?" As usual, it was Wisdom Saint President Qi who presided during the meeting.

The disappearance of Dark Ancestor's skull was a big deal. He was the first criminal who was listed as wanted by the International Alliance of Cultivators back then. Even though he was dead, the power which his skull contained still couldn't be underestimated. If it was used for evil, the Residence of Reincarnation's reputation would be ruined.

"All of them have alibis which check out; we've also ruled out the possibility that magic was used. We also didn't detect any fluctuations of spirit power at the scene, and nobody used spells in that area in the last twenty-four hours," General Yi said.

"In other words, without the help of spells, the only people who can sneak in so easily without being detected are..." When he said this, President Qi cast a glance at dark-skinned Dark Saint Minister Ying next to him.

"???"

Dark Saint turned pale with fright.

Shit! You can't say I did it just because I'm black!





Chapter 1108 National Competition


Of course, after the possibility of magic was ruled out, only someone with an innate ability could have accomplished such a difficult heist. There were in fact two types of innate ability: the first type developed out of the spirit root. Apart from the five elements, there was actually a small chance that a spirit root might awaken another unusual attribute, which often came with special abilities.

Like a magnetic force, for example, which could attract metals, or the ability to manipulate the fat on one's own body or on other people. There might also be people born with the innate ability to turn invisible - these were all innate abilities that grew out of special spirit roots.

It was a small chance, but in a broad survey of the world's population, the number of people whose spirit roots had special abilities in fact wasn't small.

The truth was that Dark Saint was a cultivator with a special ability — his spirit root could give him a camouflage effect, which allowed him to remain completely invisible in the shadows. Thus, Dark Saint could operate in secluded and confined dark spaces, as if no one was there.

"I recall a person who had a similar ability as Dark Saint - it can even be said that he was harder to deal with," President Qi said again; he clearly wasn't going to fool around at this critical time.

"Old Qi, you mean..." Battle Saint Marshal Jiang thought of someone.

"Nightmare," said President Qi. "The Dark Network's number one, whom you personally took down three hundred years ago."

"He can't be alive!" Marshal Jiang instantly stood up, his expression solemn. "I was the one who killed him three hundred years ago! With one shot from my fingers, I ended his life the instant he revealed his true body. It's impossible for him to still be alive!"

"Sit down, Old Jiang."

President Qi said calmly, "Previously, we also received news of Bai Zhe's death, but he has now reappeared; even his son Bai Youquan, who died young, miraculously appeared, and has been apprehended. So, in this world, nothing is impossible. There are numerous forbidden and secret techniques for resurrecting someone. The chances of success are very low, but the possibility still exists."

"Crap!"

At that moment, Marshal Jiang's expression flickered. "Based on what you're thinking, Old Qi, could it be that their reason for stealing Xie Sanxiao's skull..."

"If that really is the case, we will have to plan for the worst."

President Qi sighed.

Dark Ancestor Xie Sanxiao had been near invincible.

It was also precisely because of this that he thought himself infallible and able to absorb the Earth's underground spirit veins.

However, the truth was that he had overestimated his ability, and became the strongest man to die because of his pride... No one had killed him, and no one could.

That was then.

And this was now...

If the other party really had stolen Xie Sanxiao's skull to resurrect him...

Then, the cultivation world would soon be flooded with blood.

When it came to Xie Sanxiao's cause of death, it was acknowledged worldwide that he had died at the hands of the hero Zuo Butong.

If this extremely proud Xie Sanxiao learned of this situation after his resurrection, he would very likely start slaughtering people immediately, given his personality.

"We will soon be facing a fierce battle." Sitting around the meeting table, every single one of the Ten Generals narrowed their eyes in thought, a mix of complicated feelings in their hearts.

Most important of all was that they still didn't know what was the goal of the person behind the scenes.

...

It was still a fine, sunny day that morning, and the world was at peace.

Teacher Pan used the class group chat to hold an ad hoc class meeting.

She was going to talk specifically about the changes to the body technique exchange meet.

Teacher Pan is Actually A Beauty: "Students, we've just received a notice from the city office of the Administration of 100 Schools that the body technique exchange meet this time has been upgraded from a district competition to a national one. I hope everyone can work hard during this period! Students participating in the competition, do your best! But those not taking part also need to cheer them on! @everyone"

Sports Committee Member - Chen Chao: "Why is it a national competition now??? Isn't this too big a leap???"

Ideology and Politics - Guo Hao: "Holy crap... National competition! How many schools will be participating? Will our school be able to place in the ranking..."

"Since there are a lot of cultivation schools holding similar exchange activities at the same time, the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools decided to turn it into a large-scale activity."

Teacher Pan is Actually A Beauty: "You don't have to be so pessimistic; our school's overall combat strength is pretty good. Since the competition has been expanded, it'll be postponed to three days later than the original date, and will officially happen on November 14th, next Friday. Report on Thursday night to the designated venue: Nine Dragon Mountain. Students taking part in the competition will have to take an immortal boat over. The competition will last eight days."

Nine Dragon Mountain?

This place sounded a little familiar to a lot of people.

Ideology and Politics - Guo Hao: "I remember this Nine Dragon Mountain. Didn't a major figure die there?"

"It was Dark Ancestor Xie Sanxiao."

Teacher Pan is Actually A Beauty: "[Grin] Student Guo knows a lot! Back then, this legendary number one figure of the Dark Network, Xie Sanxiao, perished on Nine Dragon Mountain. He was personally shot down by our country's hero, Zuo Butong, and his team. Nine Dragon Mountain thus has unique meaning! The reason why the body technique exchange meet will be held there is to commemorate the heroes who fought for their values and beliefs. I hope everyone will learn from them."

Monitor - Sun Rong: "Teacher Pan, apart from the change in scale, are there any other changes in the national competition?"

Teacher Pan is Actually A Beauty: "In the district competition, five people would have fought as the main force, and the other five were substitutes. Now that the competition has expanded, it has become a ten-person battle, and all ten members will fight as the main force!"

"..."

On the other side of the screen, Wang Ling was shocked when he saw this message.

All ten members as the main force...

Even if he didn't make a move, with Liu Qingyi, Wang Zhen, and Gu Shunzhi that bunch around, the other schools stood no damn chance at all!

"I also know that time is tight, but every school is preparing for it. There will be one hundred and two cultivation schools from all over the nation headed for Nine Dragon Mountain. Each school will dispatch a ten-person team, and they will engage in a large-scale battle on Nine Dragon Mountain. The team which obtains the highest number of points will be the winner."

Teacher Pan said in the group, "I know that time is tight for all of you, so Headmaster Chen will arrange extra physical training classes next week as well as brief you on the spirit plants that grow on Nine Dragon Mountain. There is an abundance of spirit plants on Nine Dragon Mountain. Given that the large-scale battle will last eight days, you must have some knowledge on how to look for food in the wild. It won't be good if you eat a spirit plant or fruit that you shouldn't by mistake."

"It looks like we'll be very busy..." Guo Hao sighed.

In the next moment, Teacher Pan said in the group, "Students taking part in the competition don't need to do homework for now."

Everybody: "!!!"





Chapter 1109 Preparing For The Competition


It was Monday, November 10th.

The special training which Teacher Pan had previously announced officially began.

During this period, Number 60 High set up a temporary special training class for all participating students.

Wang Ling, Sun Rong, and Xia Ming... were here.

Xia Ming actually felt a little awkward.

But it seemed that Wang Ling didn't mind so much.

All of a sudden, Xia Ming felt that he really was a complete loser compared with Wang Ling.

He saw that Wang Ling was the same as usual with his poker face and not even a smile, as he sat by the window like an old man who was indifferent to everything. Xia Ming's heart burst with stifled resentment.

Why was this person so calm?!

Was he really just a teenage high school student?

This special training was mainly focused on the following three aspects.

One: Understanding of spirit plants.

Teacher Pan had already clearly explained the specific reasons for this in the chat group. There were tens of thousands of spirit plants on Nine Dragon Mountain, and most of them were inedible. Even if you were fine after eating a spirit plant, you might still get food poisoning if it wasn't completely digested before you ate another kind of spirit plant.

Although, Wang Ling didn't think there were any plants that could poison him...

Two: Understanding of the opponents.

Now that the scale of the competition had expanded, the number of enemies Number 60 High had to deal with suddenly increased from less than ten to 101. Each cultivation high school had a different background and education focus, so it was very important to have a rough understanding of these rival schools.

Know yourself and know your enemy, and you will be victorious. Of course, given the limited time they had, Headmaster Chen could only select some key schools to focus on. As for the other high schools which he felt were more or less on par with Number 60 High in terms of combat ability, he organized the information for the participating students to memorize.

So, at the beginning of the lesson, Wang Ling saw a thick pile of papers on each person's desk...

With just one sweeping glance from his King's Eye, all the information on the high schools was instantly recorded in his mind.

Hm....

There was nothing special to take note of.

As long as he was careful not to kill anyone when he hit them, it would be fine... If he really did accidentally kill someone, he could resurrect them, but the problem was they would carry that mental trauma with them for the rest of their life!

That was even if the memory of it was erased.

There would still be a subconscious reaction in the mind every now and then.

It was like how so many people were afraid of heights.

Maybe it was because they accidentally fell from a high place before, and while that memory was gone...

In addition to the two points above, the third and final point was the body techniques special training.

It was obviously somewhat unrealistic to improve body techniques and abilities quickly in a few days.

So Wang Ling was guessing that Headmaster Chen might share something a little more technical. It was very common in using body techniques to create tremendous force with little effort. Someone who was always in high alert mode in a battle royale which would last for eight days wouldn't be able to hold out to the end, and would ultimately be knocked out.

"Students, this large-scale battle is very important. You will be competing against students from 101 other schools on Nine Dragon Mountain to determine a winner. It's going to be a war of attrition over eight days, so we must formulate our tactics well in advance."

Headmaster Chen began to teach from the dais. "This is different from the previous joint military training for six schools. During the training, the terrain and environment were man made, and while it appeared dangerous, it was in fact safe. However, anything unexpected can happen on Nine Dragon Mountain at any time. If you're going to battle it out with people in the jungles of Nine Dragon Mountain, you have to divide the work between yourselves well in advance, and maintain team unity at the same time. If someone goes missing and you're short of team members, there is a very high chance that you'll be swallowed up by students from the other schools."

Speaking up to this point, Headmaster Chen took out an iron chopstick. "This is a black iron chopstick."

He then handed it to Gu Shunzhi. "Student Gu, try breaking this chopstick."

CRACK!

The chopstick broke in two with a crisp sound.

Gu Shunzhi had done as requested.

Breaking chopsticks was a standard test in demonstrating the importance of teamwork, and most of them could already see it at that point.

Sure enough, Headmaster Chen then took out ten more chopsticks. "Student Gu, try breaking these again."

CRACK!

Gu Shunzhi broke them without breaking a sweat.

Headmaster Chen: "..."

He then took out the last of the chopsticks in a huge bundle. "Student Gu... Try again..."

CRACK!

Again, Gu Shunzhi showed no mercy.

Everyone: "..."

Headmaster Chen: "Come, everyone... Let's move on to the next topic..."

Everyone: "..."

...

Teamwork.

This was the keyword Headmaster Chen had mentioned at the beginning of the lesson.

This large-scale battle was a team battle.

Furthermore, it was a point-based system this time, and was based on the total number of points that team members collected. All schools had to ensure that as many of their team members as possible remained alive until the very end.

Only in this way could they get more points.

Because points were awarded according to a fixed system, Headmaster Chen would touch on it later.

The points awarded were standard, so if too many people were knocked out from the team, it didn't matter how strong the remaining team members were individually; the number of points that could be obtained in the end wouldn't be much, since one person's strength couldn't compare with the strength of several combined.

Teamwork was the essence of the battle this time.

But Headmaster Chen was still more concerned about conflict inside the Number 60 High team; he was worried that some problem might crop up between Xia Ming and Wang Ling.

Wang Ling wasn't a student who proactively looked for trouble, while in comparison, Xia Ming was more impulsive...

Headmaster Chen had to figure out a way to resolve this before the start of the competition.

At the very least, he had to get Xia Ming and Wang Ling to shake hands as a demonstration of cordiality.

"Next, I'm going to introduce you to the stronger cultivation high schools in this large-scale battle. If you run into students from these schools and you are unable to grasp the situation, please avoid fighting them as much as possible for the sake of our school's honor, and ensure that you yourselves survive..." said Headmaster Chen.

"Are they that strong?" Although Guo Hao had heard from his uncle earlier on that there was indeed a fair number of strong high school students participating in the competition, he never thought that if their Number 60 High bunch went out, they weren't even qualified to face them, and that it was fine for them to directly run away...

"The first one is Number 1 Devil-Subduing High School in Jinghua city." Headmaster Chen turned the magic ball in his hand, and an image was instantly projected into the air. It was a picture of students of Number 1 Devil-Subduing High School. This was a group of students in black and white sports uniforms. The uniform color was very gloomy, and the students didn't look like they could be trifled with.





Chapter 1110 Analyzing the Strengths of Cultivation Schools


Number 1 Devil-Subduing High School.

As they flipped through the handouts which had been prepared beforehand, everyone looked at Headmaster Chen as he explained the history of Number 1 Devil-Subduing High School.

Number 1 Devil-Subduing High School was founded after Number 60 High and was only six hundred years old. This was a cultivation school set up through investments from the orthodox light force Devil-Subduing Sect. Over the past six hundred years, the school groomed talented people to eliminate devils and uphold justice for the nation as well as to join the Immortal Arts Mobile Squadron, and it made significant contributions. Additionally, the sect leader of Devil-Subduing Sect, who was the current headmaster of Number 1 Devil-Subduing High School, Li Qingxi, was someone who was already well-known outside, and was nicknamed Devil-Subduing Daoist.

The defining feature of Number 1 Devil-Subduing High's curriculum was "the study of control"; naturally, the students were well-versed in the spells and essence of various types of control magic. Number 1 Devil-Subduing High School was thus extremely dangerous, which made it the number one school on Headmaster Chen's list of schools that had to be heavily guarded against.

Dealing with control-type spells was very tricky; not only did they restrict the use of magic, they could even restrict physical movements. Sealing the spirit, freezing or weakening someone, puppetry - there were all sorts of control-type spells, and once you were unable to respond properly, the other party would benefit from it.

Although the main way to obtain points this time was to physically hit the opponent with a body technique, the use of magic wasn't restricted in the battle royale.

Except for spells which made use of the five elements and could cause widespread environmental damage, all other spells were fine.

What Headmaster Chen was most worried about was the puppet magic which Number 1 Devil-Subduing High used, which forced students from other schools to become part of their troops and act as bodyguards to protect them.

This way, they didn't have to worry about protection at all, and could just leisurely focus on accomplishing their tasks and obtaining as many points as possible.

There were all kinds of puppet magic; Number 1 Devil-Subduing High only had to play it a little sneaky, and the entire battlefield would become its home turf.

"One of the trickiest types of puppet magic is the Virus Puppet spell."

Headmaster Chen had already forecasted the control spells that Number 1 Devil-Subduing High School might use during the large-scale battle.

"Virus Puppet spell?"

"It's not a real virus, but a more traditional type of chain control spell. When cast, the user controls one person first, and then any human or creature who comes into contact with this person will become the user's puppets. This spell creates a hierarchical system — you'll listen to whoever touches you. It's a bit like brainwashing."

Headmaster Chen said, "The worst thing that could happen is if some students can't help but want to rescue their teammates, but like the calabash brothers trying to save their grandpa1, this will lead to the entire team being controlled."

1(In the Chinese cartoon "Calabash Brothers", the boys one by one try to rescue their grandpa, only to fail and all be caught.) Everyone: "..."

Headmaster Chen: "My guess is that there's a very high chance that the students from Number 1 Devil-Subduing High School will use this spell."

To be frank, what Headmaster Chen was doing was a little like predicting the questions that would come out in an exam. It wasn't necessarily accurate, but given the current situation, they could only trust in the headmaster. People like headmasters weren't weak. Wang Ling had never seen Headmaster Chen exhibit his combat strength, but it would certainly be hard for the latter to perform his duty as headmaster of Number 60 High, which was over a thousand years old, if he didn't have a certain amount of strength.

Old Man Li, the guard at the school gate, was someone who had retired from the Seven Stars Special Forces, and who even had the strength of a Nascent Soul cultivator.

Headmaster Chen definitely wouldn't be weaker than Old Man Li.

As for his actual realm, half of the people present could only guess at it, while Wang Ling, Gu Shunzhi and the rest had long been aware of it.

Headmaster Chen indeed wasn't weak, as he was an Itinerant Immortal.

But compared with Gu Shunzhi and the others... he wasn't anything much.

But even though he was just an Itinerant Immortal, Wang Ling had no intention of looking down on him at all.

He was only sixteen years old; in terms of life experience, Headmaster Chen had seen far more than he had.

And when it came to picking out test questions, Headmaster Chen had helped out before with district and even national test papers. After being headmaster for so many years, he was too familiar with how other high schools thought.

Schools had their circle, and the headmasters of these schools naturally had one as well.

Thus, the battle royale this time wasn't just a contest between students, but also an intense battle of wits between the headmasters; more than just formulating strategies for their students, they also had to try and discern the thoughts of the other headmasters and figure out what tactics they might use.

But there were a total of 101 competing schools; it was clearly unrealistic to try and analyze all of them, so Headmaster Chen could only pick out the main points to discuss.

The rest would depend on the fortune of the Number 60 High delegation.

There were times when luck was also a strength.

"Apart from guarding against Number 1 Devil-Subduing High, you also need to be alert to the possibility of some teams forming a temporary alliance during the early and middle stages of the eight-day survival operation. Of these, I'm worried about Number 1 Devil-Subduing High and Titan High School joining forces," said Headmaster Chen.

"Titan High School?" Some people were puzzled.

"I know it." Chen Chao raised his hand. "Titan was actually my first choice for high school... Unfortunately, my score wasn't high enough, and I couldn't get in."

"What kind of school is it? Don't tell me..." Guo Hao thought of a possibility.

"That's right, it's just like its name - boy or girl, they're all tanks!"

Everyone: "..."

"Titan High School uses a tonnage system. Everyone who enters the school cultivates the same technique, Titan Art, which is said to be able to continually increase a person's body density. The students look like they have normal builds, when in fact some weigh close to over a thousand or even ten thousand jin," said Chen Chao. "Based on the Titan Art's grade classification, those who weigh over one thousand jin are trucks, over two thousand are tanks, over five thousand are warships, and over ten thousand are aircraft carriers."

"Ten thousand jin... are they all Qiao Biluo2..." Guo Hao was stupefied.

2(Referring to the pretty live streamer whose beauty filter glitched to reveal that she was a plump middle-aged woman.) "What Student Chen Chao says is correct."

At that moment, Headmaster Chen expressed his concerns. "Students from Titan High School are all heavyweights. Since the students taking part in the battle are from Grade One, they should be trucks; of course, some might be tanks. They use their arts to compress their body weight and dramatically increase their body density so that their bodies are almost impregnable. At the same time, they are extremely lethal and destructive. Fighting them head on will be like throwing straw to the wind. It would be terrible if they join forces with Number 1 Devil-Subduing High School and become Meatball Tanks to eliminate the other schools."

"Meatball Tanks..."

"This is also another puppet technique, which is operated with a special type of puppet string and turns the human body into an extremely destructive rolling ball. Of all the high schools in this competition, there is no high school more suitable than Titan High School for this technique."





Chapter 1111 All of Headmaster Chen's Life Knowledge


It could only be said that Headmaster Chen was indeed Headmaster Chen. As an expert who had already experienced so much, this almost prophetic analysis was naturally a piece of cake for him. Devil-Subduing and Titan joining forces — this was the worst situation Headmaster Chen could think of. If students from these two schools formed an alliance, tanks, control, and damage output — they would have all of this. The battle royale would then become meaningless, and ultimately nothing more than a showdown between these two schools.

Thus, to stop the two schools from joining forces, Headmaster Chen's strategy for everyone was to start with the students from Titan High School.

An important precondition for the formation of an alliance was that the students from both sides should be mutually friendly — as far as Headmaster Chen knew, these two schools had never had any sort of connection before this.

But the current headmaster of Devil-Subduing High School, Li Qingxi, was sharp, and he would definitely have already thought of the optimal combo of Devil-Subduing and Titan. Headmaster Chen felt that the other party might currently be formulating a strategy to form a friendly alliance with Titan High School.

All was fair in war; stirring up a ruckus might be a little shameless, but it was a stratagem used by military strategists.

To prevent an alliance between the two schools, Headmaster Chen had come up with a meticulous plan.

He waved his sleeve, and each person was given a storage pouch.

When they opened their pouches for a look, they were immediately startled at the contents — because the pouches from Headmaster Chen were full to the brim with snacks! And most of them were desserts!

Wang Ling instantly understood Headmaster Chen's intention.

"Students who cultivate the Titan Arts need to gain weight, so all they have for lunch is food that's high in calories, like burgers, fried food and all kinds of soft drinks and snacks. Of all of these, desserts are their favorite. As long as you follow this dessert plan, you'll definitely be able to take Titan High School down! Also, each of your pouches contains a simple support spell which I've developed exclusively. It basically contains all my life knowledge..." When he said this, Headmaster Chen's eyes turned red as he almost moved himself to tears.

Chen Chao, Guo Hao, Sun Rong, Xia Ming, and Xia Ming's classmate Li Youyue were pleasantly surprised.

This support spell which Headmaster Chen had developed by combining all the wisdom he had acquired throughout his life... he was actually just passing it to them like that?

Some of them were awe-stricken.

They promptly flipped through the scroll that was in the pouch for a look.

Well...

The name of this spell was fairly plain... It was called Dessert...

The theory behind it was also very simple; even the hand seal couldn't be any easier.

Spell effect: Just make the hand seal in front of your target; your eyes must make contact as you're casting the spell. Once the spell is cast, the target will gradually feel like wanting to eat dessert and lose the will to fight. If dessert is offered to them at this moment, there is a high chance that you'll earn the target's goodwill.

Duration of spell effect: Depending on the caster's realm, it can be as short as two minutes or as long as two days.

Spell prohibition: Use is forbidden on diabetics and hyperglycemic patients.

How to dispel the spell: Just cast the Dessert spell on the target again.

Everyone: "..."

Staring at these completely frank instructions, everyone in this special training class couldn't help but fall into deep thought.

Was this... the so-called life knowledge that Headmaster Chen had?

Wang Ling's eyebrow twitched.

On the contrary, he didn't look down on this spell.

Instead, he thought that Headmaster Chen was a talent.

Though the theory behind this spell was simple, it contained the essence of a Heavenly Dao spell which Wang Ling was very familiar with: the Great Taste Spell. It was a spell which could control a person's mind and thoughts, and stimulate their appetite and taste buds; it was far better than the Dessert spell, and could be regarded as a super upgraded version of Headmaster Chen's Dessert spell.

But with his own strength, Headmaster Chen had managed to design a Dessert spell which operated along a similar line as the Great Taste Spell.

Wang Ling couldn't help but admire Headmaster Chen a little.

Whether or not it was a happy coincidence, or if he really had carefully pondered the theory behind Dessert, a spell which could hit the enemy where it hurt was an awesome one.

But having said that, Wang Ling had actually put the Great Taste Spell on his list of useless spells; he felt that it was basically pointless since after cultivators reached a particular realm, most of them could control their appetites.

Even the students from Titan High School pigged out on high-calorie foods every day, not because they had huge appetites, but purely because they needed it to cultivate the Titan Arts.

It could only be said that Headmaster Chen had really forked out a fortune in order to disrupt a possible alliance between Titan High and Number 1 Devil-Subduing High.

This Dessert spell which he had created aside, the snacks and desserts in the storage pouches alone would have cost a heck of a lot. Ordinary desserts and snacks definitely wouldn't win them over, so Headmaster Chen had prepared some top quality desserts which weren't available on the market.

After drawing up this first plan, Headmaster Chen couldn't help but laugh in his heart.

Old Li ah Old Li... let's see how you'll compete with me...

...

After coming up with this first plan to drive a wedge between the two schools, Headmaster Chen started to introduce everyone to the students of the next school: South Sea Sky High School.

This was a high school whose students also wore a blue school uniform; the difference was that Number 60 High's school uniform was a deep blue to navy blue in color.

South Sea Sky High School's uniform was sky blue with shades of white in it.

Actually, there were times when you could tell what a cultivation school's study focus was from the design of their school uniform.

"South Sea Sky High School's focus is nature studies."

Headmaster Chen said, "Students from South Sea Sky High School have very powerful perception and possess the ability to communicate with all creatures in nature. Since there are a lot of spirit plants and spirit beasts on Nine Dragon Mountain, they'll have an overwhelming advantage if they skillfully use their ability in such terrain. It's also because of this perception that it's very hard to track them; they can easily determine your location, while you might not be able to discover their tracks."

"Then what should we do?"

"There's no need to panic; I've already thought up a countermeasure." Saying this, Headmaster Chen waved his hand again, and gave each person a second brocade pouch. "We must use appropriate means in order to deal with the students from South Sea Sky High School. These brocade pouches contain a second support spell which I've designed. This spell is something which I developed exclusively, and it basically contains all my life knowledge..."

Everyone: "???"

These words, haven't they heard them before???





Chapter 1112 Headmaster Chen's Mystical Support


"Let me introduce everyone to the spell inside this brocade pouch. I call it: Blacklist," said Headmaster Chen.

Everyone: "..."

"As its name suggests, this spell can shield you from being tracked by other people, and it's very easy to use. You just need to use it on yourself and say the other party's name. As long as the other party dares reply to you, the blacklist will automatically take effect: For ten hours, perception-type cultivators won't be able to sense your existence."

Headmaster Chen said, "The trick with using this spell is to catch the other party unawares. When all of you have reached your destination, the first thing you should do is greet the students from South Sea Sky High School. Cast Blacklist on yourselves and go ask for their names. Since you'll be meeting them for the first time, I don't think that they won't tell you their names."

"..."

Wang Ling was amazed.

There was actually this sort of operation...

Put simply, Blacklist was a passive spell which could only be triggered in specific circumstances. This setting was similar to the Golden and Silver Horned Kings' purple gold gourd in Journey to the West, and felt strongly like that well-known refrain, "I call your name; do you dare respond?"

They just needed to respond!

And Blacklist would instantly take effect.

Of course, the thing that Wang Ling was most astonished by wasn't Blacklist itself.

It was the fact that Headmaster Chen's Blacklist was once again reminiscent of one of Wang Ling's Heavenly Dao spells.

Looking at the spell composition of Blacklist, Wang Ling was actually able to see elements of the Great Shielding Spell.

Although Blacklist's effect was far inferior to that of Wang Ling's Great Shielding Spell, there were indeed overlaps in the basic logic.

If once was a coincidence...

What if it happened twice?

Wang Ling was increasingly curious about Headmaster Chen.

The truth was that whether it was Dessert or Blacklist, they were just the tip of the iceberg when it came to Headmaster Chen's extensive array of original support spells.

A major trait of Headmaster Chen's original support spells was that they were simple, but impractical. In an uncertain situation, however, they could explode with unexpected effects, which was the essence of the Chen clan's support magic!

"Headmaster, what inspired you to create such support spells?" Sun Rong asked the question that everyone was wondering.

The truth was that everyone present knew little about Headmaster Chen.

Headmaster Chen was happy to answer.

It was a rare chance for the students to learn about him.

Furthermore, the ten kids sitting here were the more outstanding students who were representing Number 60 High, and he thought it was good to share his story and experiences with them.

Normally, no one wanted to listen to him go on and on...

"Do you remember Headmaster Jin from Number 59 High? We were fellow brothers in Seven Stars Sect back then." Headmaster Chen smiled.

"We remember!" Everyone nodded.

"It was by fateful coincidence that I went down the path of support magic back then." Headmaster Chen said slowly, "Seven Stars Sect has always been very strict when it comes to their graduation projects. We actually majored in support magic, and our graduation requirement back then was to design an original support spell. Old Jin and I went down different paths.

"In comparison, Old Jin's support spell had more boost effects, such as helping the mind to focus or increasing strength. It could gather power and boost mental strength in a short period of time, making cultivators stronger and more focused.

"Old Jin's graduation project back then was utterly remarkable, since his spell used a new concept. It significantly shortened the time required to make hand seals, and boosted the user instantly. What was more, the spell could last for a very long time! Unfortunately, such an outstanding graduation project was ruled out in the first round."

"Why?" asked Chen Chao.

"It wasn't that Old Jin's design wasn't remarkable enough, but that there were in fact already so many types of these original boost support spells. Except for the difference in effectiveness and duration, it was basically the same. When our university mentors rejected Old Jin's idea in the first round back then, it gave me new inspiration."

Hands behind his back, Headmaster Chen said proudly, "The Dessert you're looking at was in fact my university graduation design. It might seem a little ridiculous, but I got a very high graduation evaluation for it.

"I remember the comment given by the old headmaster of Seven Stars Sect back then: Although Dessert is simple, the Great Dao in it is profound. It is immensely valuable for promoting social relationships and building a harmonious environment. Therefore, this passes."

Everyone: "..."

In fact, what the old headmaster said was within reason.

Many people liked to eat dessert because sugar stimulated the brain to produce dopamine, which made people happy. It was the main reason why people in a bad mood liked to eat sweets.

As for promoting harmony in society...

Wang Ling felt that this would be largely due to the effect of Dessert winning the other party over. However, this sort of good impression was just temporary; it was a little like the legendary "suspension bridge effect," which was a mistaken assumption that was artificially produced.

But one thing surprised Wang Ling.

As an Itinerant Immortal, Headmaster Chen actually majored in support magic.

To devote himself to studying support magic at his realm... It felt a little like using a sledgehammer to crack a nut.

But Wang Ling had to admit that Headmaster Chen was really talented.

What the students of Number 60 High didn't know at this point was that Headmaster Chen's support magic had once swept through the world and caused carnage.

In the current headmaster circle, practically every cultivation school headmaster who knew of and who had fought Headmaster Chen before had once tasted the fear of the Chen clan's support magic...

...

While Number 60 High was intensely discussing strategies to deal with the other schools, the other cultivation schools naturally weren't idle. Number 1 Devil-Subduing High School, Titan High School, South Sea Sky High School - the headmasters of these high schools had basically come forward at the same time to guide the students who would be taking part as they discussed strategies before the start of the competition.

Contrary to what the students from all three high schools had expected, the first school that the headmasters discussed wasn't a top-ranking key city high school as they had imagined, nor a famous one or one that was incredibly strong on the whole.

Unexpectedly, the first school which all of them just so happened to be discussing was Number 60 High School...





Chapter 1113 Strategy For Dealing With Number 60 High!


Local high schools in Songhai city might be familiar with Number 60 High, but Number 1 Devil-Subduing High, Titan High and South Sea Sky High were all in other cities. The headmasters of these schools might have been paying close attention to Number 60 High recently, but the students only cared about their closest rivals.

In other words, the students never regarded the overall Number 60 High bunch as their opponents in the first place. Even if Number 60 High had Sun Rong, the eldest daughter of Huaguo Water Curtain Group, the issue was that this was a team battle; no matter how strong an individual was, it would be very difficult for them to become the team's savior.

Like Azao1, that sexy little fatty, whose dream of the world championship drifted even further away during the LOL S9 World Finals... Even gods descending couldn't help when you had crappy teammates.

1(Refers to League of Legends player Jian Zihao..) "The teacher leading the Number 60 High team this time is the headmaster himself, a man called Chen Tianxiang." Li Qingxi, Headmaster of Number 1 Devil-Subduing High, stood on a dais as he started teaching the students in the special training class. He didn't touch on the students of Number 60 High, but directly started with Headmaster Chen.

Initially, Li Qingxi didn't think that Number 60 High was important, but he didn't look down on the school either. However, when he heard that it was Headmaster Chen who would be personally leading the team, he instantly panicked a little... After all, that man had tormented him harshly back then!

"I know that many of you here view that group from Number 60 High as small fry, so much so that you've completely dismissed them. But let me tell you, Number 60 High is an old school which is a thousand years old, and which has also raised some talents..."

Expression solemn, Headmaster Li said, "Like that Director Zhuo who has become well-known recently; he's the hero who single-handedly defeated the demon king Tuntian Ha six years ago. Furthermore, a fair number of students rushed to transfer to Number 60 High this semester. Do you still not know what this means?"

"Headmaster, aren't you exaggerating?" Someone laughed. "That Director Zhuo graduated a long time ago. I have a childhood friend who's studying at Number 60 High. He said that his school's no good, and that its overall fighting strength definitely can't match ours."

"Don't ever underestimate your opponent! Belittling them will only cause you to suffer!" Li Qingxi stared at this student, a little disgusted with his contempt for the weak.

"Headmaster Chen Tianxiang of Number 60 High ranked top in support magic at Seven Stars Sect back then, and he has a phD in the field in the cultivation world. The support spells he designed have repeatedly won international awards, and a lot of them have been patented, earning him plenty of money."

Headmaster Li said, "Moreover, one of the biggest features of his support spells is that they're quick to learn and easy to cast. As long as they're used under particular circumstances, they'll have unexpected effects. When you encounter the students from Number 60 High this time, be careful! Don't engage them head-on!"

"Then let's just use the puppet technique to control all of them," said one of the students.

"No." Headmaster Li shook his head. "The profound essence of support is to act at the right moment. If the enemy doesn't move, we don't move. If the enemy looks like they're about to move, we move first... If you act rashly, you'll be the only one to suffer. Furthermore, most support spells have traps. Thus, I suggest that we use passive control spells this time, like Virus Puppet."

Virus Puppet.

Everyone instantly understood.

This was indeed an effective way to counter support spells, although using it in a national competition seemed a little too insidious.

Virus Puppet could take people down very quickly; the other party just needed to be touched, and they would instantly become a "tool" for a period of time. They had to be good and obey orders, otherwise their heads wouldn't stop hurting.

"Of course, in addition to using the Virus Puppet spell, I propose that we should still form alliances with other schools. Until halfway through the eight days at least, we must ensure that our Devil-Subduing members are relatively unscathed."

Headmaster Li Qingxi started scheming inwardly. "Based on what Headmaster Chen Tianxiang knows of me, he'll definitely think I'll team up with someone familiar, so we'll do the exact opposite this time!"

"Headmaster is saying..."

"Form an alliance with Titan High! While our schools currently don't know each other very well, I've already thought it over: The students from Titan High are perfect for our 'Virus Puppet' and 'Meatball Tank' strategy this time."

So there was still Meatball Tank!

Everyone's eyes couldn't help lighting up when they heard this.

It was true that they would be able to do a lot during the team battle with this two-spell combo. Plus, if they made it to the last stage, they could basically do whatever they wanted.

With the ability to both attack and defend, a Meatball Tank under full control would not only help them retreat when they encountered danger, but could also be used to launch an attack and start a team fight.

It could only be said that it was just like their Headmaster Li to actually be able to come up with such a battle strategy.

"This will be our basic strategy..." While he was done with his explanation, Headmaster Li Qingxi still felt vaguely anxious for some reason.

Before he became the headmaster of Devil-Subduing High, Li Qingxi clearly remembered how he had had the opportunity to fight Chen Tianxiang many times... Unfortunately, every single time ended in his crushing defeat!

The uncanny thing about that man was that no matter what kind of lethal or monstrous spells Li Qingxi cast, the other side could use his Chen clan's support magic to easily neutralize them by creating tremendous force with little effort.

Consequently, after formulating this strategy, Li Qingxi still felt very uneasy. He had been oppressed by Headmaster Chen so many times that he practically suffered from mental trauma and residual effects.

That man's support techniques were profound, and his tactical thinking was as deep as the sea. Li Qingxi had to admit that of all the opponents he had faced before, Chen Tianxiang had been the most difficult to deal with.

But it was different this time. He didn't have to act personally, because this was a competition between students.

As a school headmaster, the game of tactics was also a highlight of the large-scale battle.

Their Number 1 Devil-Subduing High was very famous; if they lost to Number 60 High this time, Number 60 High might rise with the momentum.

Number 60 High might not have been that scary before.

However, from the moment Chen Tianxiang became Number 60 High's headmaster, Li Qingxi had almost instantly included Number 60 High on his list of key concerns.

He understood this man's tricks very well.

Better than he understood himself.

He hated Chen Tianxiang to the core; day and night, he would ponder how to deal with Chen Tianxiang.

Headmaster Li skimmed through the list of school participants in the large-scale battle, and scanned the names of the Number 60 High participants.

Except for Sun Rong, he didn't know any of the other students...

Most of them were transfer students, and practically none of them had any achievements from any sort of cultivation competition; they had only obtained a few district prizes at most.

Li Qingxi felt that there was nothing to be afraid of, yet he still felt vaguely uneasy.





Chapter 1114 Dark Ancestor Xie Sanxiao


Huaxiu Alliance had been a little busy recently; after Dark Ancestor's skull was stolen, tens of thousands of Immortal Art Mobile Squadron teams were secretly dispatched all over the country to try and find any trace of Nightmare, and every cultivation police station was on high alert.

If the loss of Dark Ancestor's skull was exposed, Huaxiu Alliance would lose all face.

In addition, the large-scale battle on Nine Dragon Mountain was launched under Huaxiu Alliance's official banner. It was in fact an anniversary celebration of the country's founding, but no one expected Dark Ancestor's skull to go missing at this time.

And the most important point was that Xie Sanxiao was defeated on Nine Dragon Mountain...

Because of this, President Qi wasn't able to rest easy these days; he was a little worried that there would be a repeat of what happened back then...

It was still Monday, November 10th.

That afternoon, President Qi was waiting for a very important guest in the meeting room on the top floor of the Huaxiu Alliance building. An old man dressed in ragged clothes was led into the meeting room by a pretty and composed secretary. He had white hair, was unshaven, and wore a rough linen shirt; anyone who saw him wouldn't be able to help scoffing at this old country bumpkin.

But President Qi was extremely reverent toward this person.

He was one of the grand Ten Generals of Huaxiu nation! The Wisdom Saint who was revered in top place! When he saw the old man arrive, President Qi couldn't help stepping forward to grasp the other party's hands. "Shizun!"

That was right, this old man was none other than the teacher who had guided President Qi on the cultivation path step by step. At the same time, he had another identity: Chief Protector of Huaxiu's heavenly veins.

This was a secret position unknown to outsiders. Each heavenly vein inside Huaxiu nation was guarded by an Itinerant Immortal day and night to prevent criminals from plundering this spirit vein resource.

And the current Chief Protector of the heavenly veins in Huaxiu nation was this unassuming, shabbily dressed old man: Huang Feng, or Old Man Huang.

Protecting the heavenly veins was exhausting work.

As Chief Protector, Old Man Huang naturally took this mission very seriously. The heavenly veins were all located in harsh, rural environments. No matter how bright and beautifully dressed you were, you would look like a beggar after living in a place like that for a while.

It was a tough job, but Old Man Huang had stuck to it for thousands of years.

There was no need to explain how precious underground spirit veins were, especially heavenly veins. These were non-renewable resources. If someone dug them up and plundered them, it would affect the very foundation of Huaxiu nation.

A country's fate was tied to the heavenly veins - as Chief Protector, Old Man Huang knew better than anyone else how important they were.

"Teacher, would you like to rest for a bit..."

"You got me to come over in a hurry, but now you want me to take a bath first?" Old Man Huang was clearly a laid-back person. He didn't care at all how shabbily dressed he was as he pulled a chair out to sit down.

For a moment, in front of his old teacher, President Qi didn't know where to begin.

Old Man Huang laughed. "Dark Ancestor's skull was stolen - is that what you were going to tell me?"

"Teacher, how did you know?" There was surprise on President Qi's face; this was a highly classified matter.

"There are more Immortal Arts Mobile Squadron teams out and about. Coupled with the fact that those kids are about to have a large-scale battle on Nine Dragon Mountain, I wondered whether this might have something to do with the mountain. Naturally, the first thing I thought of was that legendary Dark Ancestor who shook the whole world back then."

Old Man Huang said, "So many Immortal Art Mobile Squadron teams were deployed at the same time, so I guessed that they might be searching for something. But I still wasn't sure what it was, until I saw you."

"Teacher's predictions are so accurate - this student admires you." President Qi bowed with his hands in front of him.

The reason why he had invited Old Man Huang here was naturally to ascertain the truth; Old Man Huang's spirit root was a legendary special root which had a mystical psychic ability; the moment he saw President Qi, he had instantly seen the image of a bone in his mind.

He immediately knew that Dark Ancestor's skull was missing.

"If it isn't because we're desperate, this disciple absolutely wouldn't have dared to bother you."

"Alright, enough with the chit chat."

Old Man Huang waved his hand. "Come, tell me the whole story in detail."

President Qi nodded his head and used telepathy to instantly transmit everything that had happened to Old Man Huang's mind.

Old Man Huang's gaze flickered. "Nightmare... This guy is still alive? There's actually a strange person who can help bring the dead back to life."

"Teacher, can you find Nightmare's whereabouts?"

"I'll try." Old Man Huang took a deep breath. As he focused, a great haze enveloped his mind.

After a few minutes, Old Man Huang opened his eyes, his head drenched with sweat, and he couldn't help the utterly astonished expression on his face. "Strange..."

"What happened, Teacher? Is something wrong?"

"Nothing like this has ever happened in my psychic dreams before."

Old Man Huang said, "Usually, when I try to conjure up something, I can roughly make out its shape even if I can't see it clearly. Combined with an analysis of the actual situation, I can usually find some clues in the end. This time, however, all I saw was a dense fog in my spirit ocean - I couldn't even make out an outline."

"Then..." President Qi asked, "Teacher, what do you think?"

"We must not look down on the strength of the person behind the scenes... I'm afraid he's more powerful than I am... If this person intends to resurrect Dark Ancestor, it's likely that Dark Ancestor is nothing more than his pawn. The other party probably plans to borrow Dark Ancestor's power to achieve something, but what on earth could it be..."

Old Man Huang murmured to himself.

But his words were a trigger.

Just a few seconds later, this master and disciple pair instantly thought of something. Their expressions were alarmed, and almost all their hair stood up.

"The main vein!" the two men uttered in unison.

The other party's plan to bring Dark Ancestor back to life was definitely aimed at the main vein! The person behind the scenes wanted to copy Dark Ancestor from back then — by using the natural resonance which the Ancient Divine Clan had with the underground spirit veins, he wanted to absorb all the underground spirit veins via the main vein!

When that happened, the earth would be sucked dry of spirit qi and beyond saving!

"This is a serious matter; we must stop Dark Ancestor before that happens." Old Man Huang said solemnly, "Since there is no one on Earth who is Dark Ancestor's match, we must gather all the experts and suppress him together! We must take down Dark Ancestor! This person is too deranged — if he's resurrected, it'll be mass murder!"





Chapter 1115 The After Effects of the Resurrection Spell


The current situation was so serious that there was no time to waste. If the underground spirit veins were drained dry, the worst thing that could happen was the depletion of spirit qi on Earth, even if human cultivators wouldn't be completely ruined. The truly scary thing, however, was this secret plot to absorb the massive spirit veins.

Back then, Dark Ancestor Xie Sanxiao had overestimated his capability to possess such power. He was unable to endure this tremendous energy, and ultimately suffered a backlash from the spirit veins and died a violent death.

If this person behind the scenes, who had the ability to resurrect Dark Ancestor, was trying to use the power of Dark Ancestor and the Ancient Divine Clan to pry open the valve of the main vein and continue with Dark Ancestor's previous plan to absorb the veins... What would happen then?

"Teacher, is there really someone out there who is able to absorb all the underground spirit veins on Earth..." President Qi was still doubtful on this point. Dark Ancestor had already cultivated a Sage Body back then, and such a terrifying physique was practically invulnerable. He was the founder who ranked top on the Dark Network, and who was also regarded as the strongest and most evil man on Earth.

If even his body couldn't endure the pressure from the energy backlash, then who could?

Huang Feng's expression darkened as he pondered this same question. As Chief Protector of the heavenly veins, Old Man Huang had been guarding Nine Dragon Mountain's main valve for thousands of years, and he knew the underground spirit veins even better than some members of the Ancient Divine Clan.

"We can confirm now that Dark Ancestor is nothing more than a pawn in all this, and that the true purpose of the person behind the scenes is to open the main valve and suck dry Earth's heavenly veins. If he is truly able to absorb the underground spirit veins and store all of it inside his body... I'm afraid that his strength far surpasses anyone's on Earth, and he is a Venerated Immortal."

"Venerated Immortal?"

"The rumor is that the Venerated Immortal level is already the limit of Daoism; it is recorded that this realm is also known as Dao Ancestor. It remains to be seen, however, whether there is an even higher realm beyond that."

"An even higher realm..." President Qi fell into deep thought. He believed that there was, but just didn't dare dwell too much on it; the foundation of cultivation theory had already long postulated that there was no end to cultivation.

It was like a person's XP value — the stronger one grew and the higher one climbed, the more XP one needed to fill the XP bar. Whether one could break through the bottleneck or not depended on whether there was a spillover of XP after the bar was full.

The key to cultivation lay in the spirit qi from nature. Thus, if all the spirit qi on Earth could theoretically be sucked up and stored inside the body, a cultivator could indeed break through in the blink of an eye and reach dizzying heights that ordinary people would only be able to dream of.

But such a plan required a very strong body.

In theory, a Sage Body was already the highest level that could be reached.

The main reason Dark Ancestor failed back then was that he had thought himself invulnerable and he had been overconfident.

Then, could this person behind the scenes really do it?

...

A white-haired young man pushed open the main door of the abandoned factory and walked out.

"Lord." Nightmare bowed and presented Dark Ancestor's skull with both hands.

White Hair formed a seal with one hand and pointed at the skull with two fingers so that it floated into the air, before he let it drop.

Nightmare knew that this was the Lord's special Resurrection Spell, but he had never seen this method before. He had read up on controlling spirits and bringing them back to life before, but there was always a huge price to pay when it came to trading lives.

But Nightmare saw that the Resurrection Spell which White Hair used was actually completely different from the forbidden spells that he knew of. It didn't feel dark at all; instead, Nightmare felt infinite vigor and vitality when White Hair cast the spell.

This aura, which glowed with life, made Nightmare feel carefree and relaxed from where he stood on the side. In the face of this spell, even he as a spectating soul felt snug, as if a spring breeze and rain was softly and quietly refreshing the world.

It could only be said, as expected of Lord White Hair.

Watching from the side, Nightmare couldn't hide his reverence for White Hair.

After making sure that the skull was buried in the ground, White Hair injected spirit qi into it, and with a wave of his hand, a tender, green shoot immediately sprouted. "The Flower of Rebirth will bloom tomorrow. Stand guard over it, and wake me up when it blooms."

Although it didn't look like an especially draining spell, White Hair did in fact still feel tired after using it.

So the side effect of using the Resurrection Spell was just drowsiness...

Nightmare was amazed.

If it was just drowsiness, it was no different than having no side effects at all! This was the Resurrection Spell ah! If you could resurrect a person and just sleep after that... This ability was really shocking.

Under Nightmare's astonished gaze, White Hair returned to his room.

He walked over to a mirror in the room; he looked tired.

This was the typical effect of using the Resurrection Secret Art.

Staring at himself in the mirror, he yawned.

He reached out to touch his face with complicated thoughts.

Why did he look like that person...

Yet that person never came to see him.

White Hair stared despondently at his reflection.

A moment later, a strand of hair drifted down into the wash basin in front of him.

It had fallen from White Hair's head.

The truth was that the after effect of using the Resurrection Spell wasn't just drowsiness, as Nightmare had thought.

This was magic which could completely bring a person back to life, and in no way could it break the Heavenly Dao's principle of equivalent exchange — even White Hair had to pay a hefty price for it, but it wasn't in the form of a decreased life span or internal injury.

Compared with the repercussions of other resurrection spells, White Hair's after effects were relatively mild — it was just that it was a little hard for him to accept it.

He looked at his reflection and then at that fine strand of white hair which had fallen. He then very carefully picked it up with his fingers, then took out a needle and threaded the hair through it.

White Hair knew very well what he was doing.

But there was no other way.

Because this was the after effect of the Resurrection Spell which he had to bear.

Thus, he looked at his reflection, and removed the hair on his head to reveal a scalp that was as smooth, round and shiny as a soy egg...

Then, he used the needle to firmly sew that hair back onto his wig.

This was a wig made from his real hair...

So, the after effect of the Resurrection Spell was hair loss.

Furthermore, this hair loss was irreversible — once his hair fell out, it could never grow again...





Chapter 1116 Survival Expert San Yuan


Tuesday, November 11th.

After "knowledge of spirit plants" and "knowledge of the opponents," Headmaster Chen gave Wang Ling and the other students participating in the competition the third lesson in the special training class: "combat training."

Headmaster Chen already spent a day covering pretty much all the main points in the first two lessons; it would be up to Wang Ling and the others to go back and memorize as much of the rest of the content in the handouts as possible.

The body technique exchange meet had been upgraded to a national level competition, and Number 60 High just so happened to be on the cusp of being promoted to a key city high school, so Headmaster Chen really wanted Number 60 High to shine during the competition. If he could raise Number 60 High up a notch during his tenure as headmaster, it would be a huge advantage in his career in the future as well as for the students and teachers here.

The eight-day battle for survival in the wild would be an arduous assignment.

Students from 102 high schools across the country were going to be thrown into the massive region that was Nine Dragon Mountain. The national competition this time was going to be a lot more challenging and dangerous than in previous years.

The body technique exchange meet that had been organized at the district level for several years running was small, so the selected field maps were nowhere as vast as Nine Dragon Mountain.

Even in a relatively smaller area, students in previous years had still been at risk of being wiped out completely.

Now, they were going to be thrown onto Nine Dragon Mountain. As long as one of them wasn't careful, the whole team might very well be affected, resulting in their collective "deaths."

Headmaster Chen couldn't share very much when it came to battling to survive in the wild.

Thus, he used his connections to bring in a special teacher.

An active soldier from the Magnificent Immortal Special Army Brigade: San Yuan, a man who was dressed like an Embroidered Uniform Guard1, and completely wrapped up from head to toe.

1(From the word "Jinyiwei," who were the imperial secret police force in the Ming dynasty ..) He wore an iron mask engraved with Magnificent Immortal's mark on the lower half of his face. Looking at the sharp eyebrows and bright eyes that were visible, it was clear that he wasn't covering himself up because he was ugly.

This probably had to do with some sort of secret agreement where San Yuan couldn't reveal his entire face.

Looking at him, everyone couldn't help marveling at Headmaster Chen's powerful connections.

This was a soldier from the Magnificent Immortal Special Army Brigade...

The most famous special army brigade in Huaxiu!

It carried out many important missions for the country.

President Qi had previously borrowed Zhai Yin from the brigade to act as Wang Ming's bodyguard. But that was President Qi, one of the Ten Founding Generals. Given his reputation, transferring someone from the brigade would be very easy.

Wang Ling didn't expect Headmaster Chen to actually have such powerful connections.

Furthermore, San Yuan was in fact on leave, and was essentially taking a break; he was clearly giving Headmaster Chen face by agreeing to come and teach.

"Thank you, Brother San Yuan." Headmaster Chen smiled and patted San Yuan on the shoulder.

San Yuan had been standing ramrod straight from beginning to end, and upheld the excellent military bearing of the special army brigade. It wasn't just Wang Ling and the students in the special class, but many of the other students who were strolling around leisurely on the sports field after class saw San Yuan's extremely solemn figure from a distance.

"The people in the special training class are so lucky... They're actually being taught by a soldier from the Magnificent Immortal Special Army Brigade."

"Is he really from Magnificent Immortal? I thought it was cosplay."

"Nobody would dare cosplay them; that's just asking to be arrested and reprimanded."

"Ah! I'm so jealous! I'm just not strong enough to be chosen! Can I take a picture?" As soon as this student took out his phone, San Yuan was already looking right at the camera, and the astonishing pressure of his gaze scared the boy so much he froze and accidentally dropped his phone on the ground.

Seeing this, Headmaster Chen hurriedly apologized. "I'm sorry, San Yuan. I was careless. I'll text the teachers right now to keep an eye on the students and confiscate their phones for the time being. You can rest assured that the school's cameras were turned off when you arrived, and no images of you will be left behind."

"Mm, thanks." San Yuan's enigmatic masculine voice came out from under the iron mask.

Taking a deep breath, he turned to the students. "Today, Headmaster Chen asked me to teach you. Do you know what the key factor is for surviving in the wild?"

"Food and water," Chen Chao answered.

"That's right. This is a problem which everyone in the wild has to face." Saying this, San Yuan launched into the content of today's lecture. "But this time, you have a more challenging task. Not only do you have to find the right food and water, you also have to be clever and think of ways to battle the other school teams at the same time. So today, our first lesson is relatively simple: It's about eating. You need to put the food in your mouth at the fastest possible speed and eat it."

"Eat?" Super Guo laughed. "What's there to learn?"

"It does look simple, but my course is slightly different. The difficulty will be increased later," San Yuan said. All of a sudden, a sparkling and prickly spirit fruit appeared in a glow of spirit light in his hand. The spirit fruit was large, about the size of a coconut.

"It's Blue Crystal Fruit!" Chen Chao recognized it immediately.

They already had a lesson on spirit plants yesterday, so they swiftly recognized the fruit.

Blue Crystal Fruit was a special fruit on Nine Dragon Mountain. In addition to supplying the body with water and filling the belly, this fruit could also supply the body with spirit energy. Furthermore, when its core was ground into powder and applied to a wound, it had the effect of stopping the pain and bleeding.

This was an extremely versatile fruit.

However, Blue Crystal Fruit grew in pretty harsh conditions, and couldn't be found in all areas. When Headmaster Chen spoke about it yesterday, he already had a feeling that any area where Blue Crystal Fruit grew would probably become a war zone as student teams vied for resources during the exchange meet.

San Yuan said, "In our special army brigade, there are times when we don't have enough fasting pills due to the combat situation, so we also look for suitable resources in the wild to replenish our physical strength. However, many edible spirit plants in the cultivation world are big in size. In order not to waste time in battle, we also undergo severe training in eating quickly. Like this Blue Crystal Fruit, for example."

When he said this, San Yuan already had a hand on his mask.

Whoosh...

In the blink of an eye, that coconut-sized Blue Crystal Fruit in his hand completely disappeared in the next moment...

San Yuan: "As you can see, in half a second, I took off my mask, ate the entire Blue Crystal Fruit, and put the mask back on."

Everyone: "???"

"Of course, I only reached this speed after extensive training. You don't need to be as fast as our special army. Your learning task today is to consume a Blue Crystal Fruit in five seconds. If you don't meet this deadline, you'll have to start over again!"

San Yuan waved his hand, and gave everyone a fruit. "Now, begin!"





Chapter 1117 Li Youyue


It was clearly unrealistic to consume a coconut-sized spirit fruit in five seconds by eating it. The truth was that when San Yuan acted, Wang Ling had used his King's Eye to clearly analyze everything in front of him.

Instead of eating that Blue Crystal Fruit, San Yuan used a spell to absorb it into his body; it was probably a devouring spell of some sort.

The reason to eat was to provide the body with energy. People from the special army brigade didn't care what the food tasted like. As long as it provided their bodies with the nutrients they needed in order to quickly replenish their strength and spirit energy, everything was just plain protein to them.

But Wang Ling had to admit that San Yuan's movements were surprisingly fast. He took off his mask and swiftly used a devouring spell to vaporize and absorb the Blue Crystal Fruit through his pores. It looked like it was eaten in an instant. This was a sort of breathing method. The disadvantage was that you couldn't enjoy the delicious taste of the food itself, but the point was that it could replenish energy quickly.

And most importantly, it didn't make people feel like they had overeaten. The stomach's capacity was limited, after all. If they didn't control their eating, they wouldn't be able to complete the assignment even if they ate until they died!

So, San Yuan had already given quite a clear hint. Their training assignment today was to eat something in the shortest time possible. If they simply relied on the ordinary way of eating to achieve their goal, clearly it would be very difficult to achieve the ultimate effect.

Wang Ling saw through San Yuan's movements, and naturally, so did Wang Zhen and the others, but they couldn't be too obvious about it.

But in the end, these were the handpicked elites of Number 60 High. Although there were many hidden bigwigs, the genuine elite students weren't just for show; Sun Rong, Chen Chao, Xia Ming, Super Guo and the others also quickly picked up on this clue.

The first person to come up with a conjecture was Li Youyue.

"...Teacher San Yuan probably didn't really eat it with his mouth, right?" Li Youyue said with a smile.

This was the girl Wang Ling had mentioned before, who was in the same class as Fang Xing and Xia Ming. She was also the class monitor and had outstanding grades.

Wang Ling heard that her family was in the F&B business, and she was very focused on the research of culinary arts.

As Class Three's monitor, Sun Rong wasn't as unfamiliar with Li Youyue as Wang Ling was. There were many ways for girls to bond with each other: Going to the bathroom hand in hand and having lunch together were good ways to promote friendship.

"I heard my grandfather say before that food makes people happy. Thus, cooking food to make it as tasty as possible doesn't just show respect for the food, but is also a way to make the people who eat it feel happy. People who don't taste food properly insult and trample on life."

Li Youyue's ponytail shook with her movements. There was a special sort of air about her; Wang Ling couldn't be any more familiar with this sort of respect for food and self-confidence in one's cooking.

Grandfather Wang carried the exact same air.

People who could make delicious food generally had pretty good temperaments. Li Youyue was clearly a sunny girl. "But my grandfather also said that there is a special exception: Only those who quietly shoulder heavy burdens year in and year out in order to clear the way forward for others, and who make great contributions to the country - only these people have the right to invest more energy elsewhere."

Speaking up to this point, she turned to look at San Yuan. "Teacher San Yuan, in order to save time and focus your energy on your mission, It should have been a long time since you've carefully savored the taste of food itself."

After saying this, Li Youyue didn't continue beating around the bush. They had a time limit, after all, and she immediately put forward her conjecture for everyone to consider.

"My father said that professional soldiers tend to use a special method to speed up the digestion and absorption of food in the wild. These methods fall under the main category of 'devouring spells.'"

San Yuan lifted his eyebrows slightly when he heard this. To be honest, he was a little surprised that the Number 60 High students were able to find the key points in this special training so quickly.

When Headmaster Chen found him, San Yuan had planned out the special training for the next few days.

Food was only the first lesson in the special training program, as well as the easiest. Considering Number 60 High's overall standard among the other schools, even if these were elite students, San Yuan thought that it would take them some time to see through his trick.

Who would have thought that a student would pick up on it right away.

When Li Youyue saw San Yuan's surprised expression, she was even more sure of her guess. "Looking at Teacher San Yuan's expression, I must be right. Moreover, looking at how you absorbed the food just now, this devouring spell should be the kind that absorbs energy through the pores, which is also called the Pore Devouring Spell. From how quickly Teacher San Yuan absorbed it, he's definitely cultivated this technique to its peak."

"Not bad. I didn't expect you to see through it so quickly." Under the mask, San Yuan's smile was gratified. "You seem to know more than I thought."

"This is just an accumulation of my knowledge outside school. I believe that the other students also had some idea about it themselves." Done speaking, Li Youyue stepped back and to the side.

San Yuan shrugged helplessly and took out another Blue Crystal Fruit. "I will now teach you slowly. Just follow me. The Pore Devouring Spell isn't hard to learn, but if you want to get to my level, it'll take a long time and a lot of hard work. Everyone must work hard."

However, as soon as San Yuan said this, Sun Rong had already cast the Pore Devouring Spell and absorbed the Blue Crystal Fruit.

"Teacher San Yuan... is it like this?" Sun Rong humbly asked for advice.

Although she wasn't as fast as San Yuan, he was astonished. "Student Sun Rong, did you learn this spell before?"

"No, I saw through it when Teacher San Yuan gave us a demo the first time round."

"..." San Yuan's lips twitched...

The first time round...

He didn't teach them the first time round! He had only demonstrated it in passing.

San Yuan felt that Headmaster Chen had tricked him. When Headmaster Chen came to him, he had clearly said that this was the worst class he'd ever had. In the end???

This rotten old man was too evil!





Chapter 1118 Game Theory


Teaching benefited both teachers and students; when one taught, they could also improve at the same time. San Yuan agreed to help out since he could also review what he had learned before. "Recall the past to understand the future1"- obtaining new inspiration and breakthroughs in magic through teaching was in fact another Dao path as well.

1(From "The Analects of Confucius.") That was also the reason some great masters liked to look for stupid disciples to teach; generally speaking, the harder it was to teach these disciples, the more enlightened the masters became. Moreover, according to latest research stats, civic teachers in the cultivation world were 7 to 15 percent more likely to achieve new breakthroughs in their spell compositions compared with orthodox cultivators.

San Yuan had come to Number 60 High to obtain new enlightenment through teaching; in the end, he discovered that each student in this special class was smarter than the next...

"Is this right, Teacher San Yuan?" Wang Zhen put on a timid act and performed the devouring spell in front of the others; his rate of absorption was extremely fast, and almost on par with San Yuan.

"Well done..." San Yuan's lips twitched under the mask. He had never expected the students of Number 60 High to be so talented in cultivation. San Yuan had heard that there would be plenty of schools taking part in this national competition this time.

Looking at the ranking of battle strength, San Yuan thought that Number 60 High would be very lucky to make it into the top 50. Now, however, he had to admit that he was mistaken.

The students of Number 60 High were much stronger than he had expected!

"Since everyone has mastered it, let's move on to the next lesson." Saying this, San Yuan gave each person a pair of black sunglasses.

"What's this?"

"This is an extra component of our special training. I especially borrowed these. The full name of this item is: Mountain River Construction Mirror. It used to be very costly, but it can now be considered a mass-produced magic treasure. However, you still have to give them back to me when you're done with them this time."

San Yuan said, "Simply put, these glasses can synchronize and connect everyone's minds. I've already set up my glasses so that it's the main pair. In other words, after you put on your glasses, you can follow me into my mindscape."

Everyone nodded at San Yuan's words. Wang Ling had also guessed that the next lesson would probably have to do with actual combat. He had still been agonizing earlier whether or not he should just throw the fight, and he was extremely relieved when San Yuan handed out these glasses that could synchronize their minds.

In a mindscape, even if his control over his power slipped, it wouldn't directly threaten a person's life...

Yep, it should be safer...

"We'll employ a one-on-one challenger mode. You need to challenge six people. I'll be the sixth and last boss. As long as you defeat six people, you'll pass today's test," San Yuan said.

Actually, this was for the training session tomorrow, but what could he do? Wang Ling and the others had performed too well, so San Yuan had no choice but to bring the body techniques training forward.

San Yuan remembered the checkpoints that he had already set up. As long as he controlled the scene, everything would be fine. This was just a group of students from a key district high school - San Yuan thought that as a professional cultivation special forces soldier, he could still completely handle them.

"We just need to defeat the boss?"

"There's a time limit. If you go over time, you'll have to start again," San Yuan said. "Everyone has to closely observe the movements of each boss at each checkpoint. They all have their openings and weaknesses. As long as you grasp the openings, it'll be very easy for you to clear the checkpoints."

Wang Ling fell silent.

From San Yuan's description, the body technique test this time was not so much about practicing body techniques as it was about training their observation skills. Observation was also an important lesson for cultivators in studying body techniques.

In a showdown of body techniques, more and more case studies were proving that sometimes, victory didn't go to the stronger party. Immense strength was simply an advantage - turning that into a victory also required a combination of experience and the power of instant observation.

Formidable body technique cultivators had very strong instant observation skills. Some could even grasp the opponent's weakness the instant the latter threw a punch. Even if your own strength might be inferior to the other side, you could use your insight and speed advantage to attack their vital points.

This was the meaning of the saying "In all martial arts, there is no defense that is impregnable; only speed is king2."

2(From the movie "Kung Fu Hustle..") But to possess this power of observation and speed, simply relying on the ability to react was far from enough. This was something that was accumulated from years of training to ultimately become muscle memory and conditioned reflex.

Those international martial arts masters seemed like they could detect it in an instant, but it was in fact more a conditioned reflex.

However, genuine body techniques and traditional martial arts were different to some degree. For example, the lethal style of traditional Tai Chi and Wing Chun had been toned down; the circulation of these traditional martial arts to this day relied on their spread of martial thought and virtue as well as the healthy effects they had on the body.

But there would always be people who didn't know their place.

Some self-proclaimed kung fu masters liked to step into wrestling or mixed martial arts arenas and fight using these martial arts, which were meant for cultivating one's self. In the end, they only wound up disgracing themselves.

But Wang Ling had always felt that it was necessary for traditional martial arts to carry on. Traditional martial arts, as well as wrestling and mixed martial arts, all had their own merits. One could win competitions with wrestling or mixed martial arts, but the damage which training in these techniques caused to the body would continue to accumulate.

In the end, it was still cultivators who trained in the traditional martial arts who lived longer...

When Wang Ling put on his sunglasses, his mind was filled with a lot of questions from Gu Shunzhi, Wang Zhen and the others. This was their first time pretending to be high school students, so they weren't sure what level they should be demonstrating in this test...

Gu Shunzhi: "Senior, do we need to fake it? Or would it be better for us not to overdo it? For an outstanding high school student, will ten rounds of mixed wins and losses do?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Zhen: "Not enough, I think it's safer to add five more rounds. Also, we should put on a bit of a show. Didn't Teacher San Yuan say that he wants us to look for openings? Given who we are, we should be able to see them, right?"

"That's right, we should pretend!" Zhenyuan was also in favor of this suggestion.

"We have to put on a show; if we don't, it'll be too fake," Liu Qingyi said at that moment. "Is there any need to look for openings at this level of confrontation... We can settle it with one punch, right?"

Wang Ling: "..."

What Liu Qingyi said actually wasn't wrong.

Not all cultivators with overwhelming strength could ultimately emerge victorious... However, if the gap in strength was too big - that was to say, if one side had absolute strength - it was clear who the winner would be.





Chapter 1119 Liu Qingyi's Explosion


Like the rest had said, Wang Ling had no choice but to act at this critical moment, but after so many years of training, he felt that his acting was just what it was.

Like when Guo Hao had taken him to shoot a film during the summer break; he had acted with his poker face as usual, but it was a natural one, so it didn't look too awkward. As long as he didn't have any lines, Wang Ling thought that he acted better than most idol wannabes — at least his acting was natural!

If a good voice actor was hired and Wang Ling lip-synced, he could even debut as a C-list star!

Putting on the sunglasses to open the mental link, Wang Ling saw the opponent at the first checkpoint. It was a man with very feminine features, who looked like one of those CG characters in a shoddy online game. The armor he wore glowed with a faint green light, which reminded Wang Ling of that earworm: "Green, green, Gu Tianle turns green1."

1(Refers to actor Gu Tianle's endorsement ad for the Chinese online game "Legend of Moon.") "My last name is Jiang and I'm an architect." Contrary to Wang Ling's expectations, the opponent at the first checkpoint didn't attack right away — Wang Ling still had to freaking trigger the plot first! He guessed this was a plot which should have been downloaded from some game... Since it was being used by the military in a training battle simulation, Magnificent Immortal should have paid royalty fees for it.

"Are you the one who has come to challenge me..." This architect with the surname Jiang glared hotly at Wang Ling with clear hostility. "Please answer the three following questions. If you can answer them correctly, I'll let you pass!"

So said architect Jiang.

Wang Ling: "???"

Before Wang Ling could start mocking him inwardly, this architect went on without waiting for a response, "Of the waste products discharged during industrial manufacturing which are used to produce the main raw materials for construction work, which ones can't be turned into such raw materials?"

Wang Ling: "???"

Without even giving him time to think, this architect Jiang suddenly became enraged less than two seconds after asking this question. "I knew it, you can't answer the question — you're just like that vile woman. She clearly plagiarized my design and said it was her own work, and even accepted an award for it2! Taste my fist!"

2(Could be an oblique reference to actress Jiang Yiyan whose Architecture Masterprize win drew criticism ..) He threw a punch at Wang Ling's face; not only was it completely out of the blue, he also didn't hold anything back.

Even if this was a training simulation in a mind space which couldn't cause any physical injuries, the brain would still produce a sense of pain when a person was hit since the cranial nerves were connected to the space.

Fortunately, this opponent in this mind space simulation couldn't be considered very strong. Following the trajectory of the man's punch, Wang Ling could easily see through the other party's attack pattern, and he used his simple body movements to make it seem like he was dodging the attacks by luck.

At the same time, he pondered Teacher San Yuan's words.

Each opponent had their own weakness. So, what was this architect Jiang's shortcoming? Wang Ling mulled and observed this architect's movements, and suddenly noticed that the man's lower half seemed unusually stable.

No matter how his fist techniques changed, his lower half was an extremely stable triangle.

A triangle was the most stable structure which architects were naturally fond of; it was evident that the architect in front of him was a big fan of the triangle.

The more manic he acted, the easier it became for him to reveal an opening. Gazing at the other party's lower half, Wang Ling seized an opening.

On the other side, everyone else almost had the same idea as Wang Ling, and they started to use their individual skills to attack the architect's lower half.

Chen Chao used a sweep kick, which was a simple but extremely effective restraining method. After throwing the other party off balance, Chen Chao seized the opportunity and used a series of combo punches to directly clear the first checkpoint.

Guo Hao's method for clearing the checkpoint was a little more complicated than Chen Chao's. Since Guo Hao was heavier, agile methods like the sweep kick didn't work for him at all. After some thought, Guo Hao used his Ground Roll Technique, which was a condensed version of the Meatball Tank — it wasn't as powerful, but was excellent for limiting movements.

For the time being, these two had used some relatively normal melee restraining methods; in comparison, Wang Ling put Xia Ming and Li Youyue into the Showboat Group.

They shared the same trait — they were eager to excel. Because of that, they basically flaunted their methods for restraining the other party.

"Foul Wind Heavenly Destruction Kick!"

"Demon Tornado Kick!"

They displayed their powerful kicking techniques in unison.

As for Sun Rong —

She didn't fight at all at the first checkpoint; she cleared it on the spot after reacting swiftly and answering the architect's question correctly.

A top student was a top student — as expected of the most formidable young miss of Number 60 High's delegation!

Outside, San Yuan gasped in admiration as he observed how the others passed the checkpoint. The only ones left now were the real big shots — Wang Zhen, Zhenyuan, Gu Shunzhi and Liu Qingyi — who still hadn't made a move.

They had all been waiting for Wang Ling to act first. This was their first performance and they were still a little inexperienced... They clumsily imitated Wang Ling's posture and even launched attacks at the exact same angle, dumbfounding San Yuan once again.

These few were clearly new transfer students, but they were unexpectedly so coordinated...

It was said that there were hidden dragons and crouching tigers in Number 60 High this year, and San Yuan felt that these new transfer students were actually pretty mysterious. He had heard that these people had gotten outstanding results in the entrance test, but seeing it with his own eyes now, San Yuan's spirit was roused by the wonder he felt.

Number 60 High was one to look out for this year!

Liu Qingyi had initially been copying Wang Ling's movements, but it seemed that she hated how cowardly it felt. Perhaps she was recalling how she and Wang Zhen clashed while boarding at Wei Zhi's place, but her fury exploded all of a sudden!

This Wang Zhen never once paid attention to what he did! When he was done with the toilet, it was always clogged with tissue! When he brushed his teeth in the morning, he never put the toothpaste cap back on!

The most abominable thing was his thunderous snoring at night! Which always disrupted her rest! It was impossible for her to like this hateful man!

At this thought, Liu Qingyi grit her teeth angrily. In any case, it was just attacking the lower half of the other party's body. Furthermore, it was a man — did it have to be so complicated?

And so, Liu Qingyi directly kicked this architect with the surname Jiang in front of her.

This was a move which all girls knew how to use: Sterilizing Kick!





Chapter 1120 A Rapper's Hidden Weapon!


Seeing Liu Qingyi's powerful kick, Wang Ling, Gu Shunzhi, Wang Zhen and Zhenyuan all felt cold in the lower halves of their bodies. Since Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi had descended to the world below without permission, they were still being punished by Heavenly Dao, and to stop Mother Wang from embarrassing him back then, Wang Ling arranged to have Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi stay at Wei Zhi's place.

Although their personalities seemed to clash, Wang Ling thought that they were actually very compatible with each other. He had originally intended to help them get to know each other better and develop feelings in passing; he never thought that they would have communication problems instead.

It was said that absence made the heart grow fonder...

It turned out that these words weren't a lie.

As expected, when it came to feelings, was it still better to let nature take its course?

An unripe melon wouldn't taste sweet!

Seeing how fierce Liu Qingyi's kick was, Wang Zhen couldn't help trembling, and inadvertently covered his jewels.

He recalled how he was kicked the morning before because he had accidentally used her toothbrush.

He also recalled how he casually drank a mouthful of the bottled drink on the table in the living room two days ago. He thought it was Wei Zhi's, but it turned out to be Liu Qingyi's drink, and he was kicked yet again...

He still remembered how he just casually criticized some young newbie stars on their poor acting skills three days ago, after Liu Qingyi had started to stan Earth celebs, and he was kicked for it...

He already couldn't remember how many times he had been kicked in just a few weeks.

In any case, this was the reality: the power of Liu Qingyi's kicks had increased, and Wang Zhen was almost done cultivating his iron crotch technique.

"It's so hard!" Whenever Wang Zhen thought about it, he couldn't help feeling aggrieved, and he even teared up.

As a man, he thought it was beneath his dignity to bicker with Liu Qingyi. Furthermore, he realized that he treated her with natural patience; whatever unreasonable thing she did to him, he actually didn't get angry.

Of course, he absolutely didn't believe that he already had feelings for this violent woman. His parents had beat him since he was young, so his train of thought was different — he felt that it was probably because he had grown up under an iron fist that he had developed an immunity to violent behavior.

Wang Ling clearly heard Wang Zhen's thoughts.

It could only be said that Wang Zhen was a man with formidable mental fortitude... He had endured violence since young, yet was still able to grow up so well — the most miraculous thing was how he didn't become especially twisted or reclusive! What normal person could do that?

Wang Ling himself was strongly opposed to violent behavior, whether at home or at school.

The silent treatment was the most common and most easily overlooked type of abuse in school.

Isolation wasn't good for physical or mental development, but many parents obviously didn't treat it seriously.

It was possible that in every school, or even every class, there was a student who was an outcast — this was the scariest thing.

Perhaps every person had "bullied" some outcast classmate when they were young and ignorant, and perhaps every person owed that classmate an apology. As time passed, this old wound was doomed to not heal, and couldn't be wrapped up with bandages; the only thing everyone could do now was start with the people around them: Tell your friends, relatives, and even your future kids, to treat the people around you with a little more kindness as much as possible.

Actually, Wang Ling himself still preferred to be shunned...

It would at the very least save him some headache.

But since young, it seemed that everyone's gazes never strayed far from Wang Ling.

When he was young, his control had been unsteady, and there were times he would overperform, which landed him in awkward predicaments.

By the time Wang Ling collected his thoughts again, he had already reached the second checkpoint which San Yuan had set up. The boss at the second checkpoint was a tall young man wearing mink fur. He had very unique dreadlocks and wore a pair of sunglasses. Coupled with the large gold chain around his neck and his jerky swaying, it was clear that this was a rapper.

Rap was one type of musical genre, but Wang Ling didn't have a smooth tongue, and since the beginning, had never had much interest in this sort of impromptu freestyle form. Back when the show Rap of Huaxiu was popular, his classmates and friends around him would discuss those rappers who drew large audiences by improvising lyrics to diss other people and life, which won them popularity for a time.

Wang Ling alone had little interest.

He gazed at this rapper in a mink coat in front of him, and for the time being, gave him the name Brother Mink.

Given that Brother Mink was a rapper, Wang Ling's first thought was that the other party might attack with a sound wave spell combined with a physical technique. Unlike the stereotypical impression many people had about sound wave spells, they didn't need to be yelled out.

In fact, many advanced sound wave spells were practically noiseless; there was no need to yell them out — a soft murmur could be just as lethal.

When advanced sound wave spells were sung in a low voice, they could have a hallucinatory effect on the other party, and if you seized that moment and used a physical technique, you could deal your muddle-headed opponent a heavy blow! Hit the vital parts, and before most people could react in time, they would have already fallen to the ground.

Hence, the key to clearing this checkpoint should be to use the acupuncture seals, which they mastered in high school, to seal their own ears so that the opponent's sound wave spell wouldn't affect them.

But what happened next made Wang Ling feel that in the end, he was still too young.

When Brother Mink saw Wang Ling thinking about how to respond, he abruptly took action. Wang Ling did what he felt was right, and that was to seal his ears so that the sound wave spell wouldn't mess with his mind.

Actually, even if he didn't seal his ears, the sound wave spell wouldn't affect him much, but he had to pretend...

He had to pretend for San Yuan's benefit.

But just as Wang Ling was thinking that his acting was pretty good, several concealed weapons suddenly flew out of the sleeves of this Brother Mink in front of him!

"???"

Wang Ling's heart trembled.

Hidden weapons weren't a big deal. It was common to use hidden weapons in line with a physical attack to change up the attack pattern. The accompanying use of hidden weapons wasn't rare.

So it wasn't as if Wang Ling didn't understand this Brother Mink's behavior.

The issue was that Wang Ling was still staring dumbly at the hidden weapons that were flying at him.

Because these hidden weapons... were dumpling skins.





Chapter 1121 Kuxuan, Who Has No Integrity


Privately, Wang Ling had thought that this was just a simple simulation game, but didn't expect the boss at every checkpoint to actually be a "meme" character...

Take this Brother Mink as an example - this character design was undoubtedly based on a once-famous rapper in particular who was the big brother of the rap crew Green Grass Association. As for the dumpling skin hidden weapon, Wang Ling just couldn't mock this design anymore, since the main reason why the public shunned this person after his popularity exploded was that he had made a cuckold of his own big brother by hooking up with his sister-in-law1.

1(A reference to rapper PG One and his scandal with married actress Li Xiaolu.) There was a saying: "There is nothing more delicious than dumplings, and nothing better to play with than...2...

2(The full phrase is "There is nothing more delicious than dumplings, and nothing better to play with than a sister-in-law.") At this point, Wang Ling couldn't bear thinking about it anymore as his heart collapsed - this game was simply poisonous!

But if it was just a distraction from a hidden weapon coupled with a physical attack, the threat which this Brother Mink posed wasn't much. Wang Ling originally thought that Brother Mink would more likely attack with an advanced sound wave spell and body technique. In the end, this demonstrated that the second checkpoint wasn't too difficult an obstacle, and that the level of difficulty increased incrementally with each subsequent checkpoint; it was Wang Ling's fault for overthinking it.

Wang Ling dodged the dumpling skins which Brother Mink shot out. His heart and eyes were one as he inadvertently made tremendous use of the dynamic vision of his King's Eye. As he evaded this hidden weapon, the dumpling skins actually fell into his own hands.

Then, he abruptly flung the dumpling skins back. They were as fast as flywheels, and cut into Brother Mink's belly.

Brother Mink fell to the ground in pain, and declared before he died, "If I had the chance to do it again... I want to tell my big brother... sister-in-law and I are truly in love..."

"..." Wang Ling sighed inwardly.

He marveled at how realistic this game design was. While there were massive flaws in the character design and functionality, on the whole, it recreated the sense of disgust toward the character.

Wang Ling had always been against the idea of a third party in a marriage. Fortunately, Father Wang had already proven with practical actions that he was a good family man. At the very least, when Mother Wang wanted to buy something, Father Wang had never hesitated to get it.

Like with this pregnancy, Father Wang knew that before and after Wang Nuan was born, it would be a new, major household expenditure. Thus, he worked especially hard to push out chapter updates during this period of time in order to earn a little bit of money for milk powder and diapers. It was as if he had become a tentacle monster as he churned out two hundred thousand characters every day, completely unlike an author like Kuxuan, who had no moral integrity.

Wang Ling also didn't know how the author named Kuxuan still had the guts to base Father Wang on himself... In terms of diligence alone, they weren't on the same level at all!

...

The training ended early today, mainly because San Yuan realized that this batch of Number 60 High students were too outstanding. He had only prepared just so much for today. The body technique training was initially supposed to be for tomorrow. Once everyone cleared the training, San Yuan suddenly discovered that it seemed he already had nothing else to teach them.

San Yuan sat upright on the sofa in Headmaster Chen's office. He still kept his strict habits from the army; he sat half-perched forward on the sofa, his waist very straight. The way he sat, he looked very well-behaved, with his hands resting lightly on his knees.

Headmaster Chen gave San Yuan a cup of tea. San Yuan turned a gear on his iron mask, and a straw extended out from the center...

"What kind of design is this..." asked Headmaster Chen curiously.

San Yuan: "Sorry, I got used to it in the army. The straw is custom made and has a built-in filter. It's useful when we're looking for water in the wild."

Because he wore a mask all year round, San Yuan was already accustomed to the mask's various applications. Even now, he still kept it on when drinking tea. Even when he ate, he didn't have to take off his mask because of the Pore Devouring Spell.

The truth was that the masks which Magnificent Immortal specially manufactured for its special forces actually had many miraculous uses, and even Headmaster Chen wasn't clear on what they were.

The filtering and purifying functions, for example, actually weren't rare, and regular masks also had them.

"San Yuan, we've been friends for years. Tell me the truth: After teaching this batch of students from our Number 60 High this time, what do you think of them?" Headmaster Chen asked for San Yuan's advice very earnestly. He had invited San Yuan over because he knew the latter wouldn't act politely with him. This man said things as they were - in whatever he said or did, he was frank and straightforward.

"Do you want the truth?" San Yuan looked at him expressionlessly.

"Of course." Headmaster Chen smiled as he anticipated San Yuan's criticism.

If San Yuan could pick out some issues before the national competition, then Number 60 High at least had some hope of making it into the top 30 in the country...

After all, there would be 102 high schools this time, with all kinds of formidable prodigies. To make it into the top 30 in the country would already be very amazing. Headmaster Chen didn't dare ask for a higher ranking.

Getting into the top ten would indeed be a little tough for these kids.

But it was fine to set a small, achievable goal.

However, San Yuan's answer took Headmaster Chen completely by surprise.

San Yuan: "They're all outstanding kids... Judging from the lesson today, at least, I feel that their overall strength isn't that much different from the kids in city key high schools. They have quick reflexes and wits, and share an unusually good rapport."

Headmaster Chen was blank. "Rapport?"

"That's right, they have very good rapport." San Yuan said, "I had them do the body technique test in separate mental spaces to prevent them from peeking, cheating, or discussing strategies. Even then, the transfer students and the old ones were actually unusually coordinated. Especially that Student Wang Ling - his mental connection with the other transfer students is unimaginable."

Headmaster Chen: "???"

San Yuan: "Wang Ling is very quick-witted. Whenever he cleared a checkpoint, the transfer students would also clear them at almost the same time; moreover, they used the same method. If it wasn't for the fact that the mental spaces are separate, I would suspect that they have the same brain structure... These kids could actually come up with the same strategy to clear the checkpoint at the same time under the same conditions. I've never seen such tacit coordination in my entire life."

Headmaster Chen: "..."

San Yuan: "If this coordination can be put to use in the competition, Number 60 High should rank very high this time."

Headmaster Chen: "What is your prediction?"

San Yuan: "At least in the top eight."

Headmaster Chen wiped at his sweat. "You can really dream... I will already be satisfied if they can rank in the top 30."

San Yuan: "There's nothing wrong with having a little more confidence. Even FPX3 reached the LoL finals this year. You should have a little more confidence."

3(FunPlus Phoenix is a Chinese professional esports organization which has teams competing in League of Legends ..) Headmaster Chen: "..."





Chapter 1122 Predicting the Champion


If it was anyone else saying this, Headmaster Chen would just take it as a joke, but since it came from San Yuan, he was still skeptical, but also hopeful about the outcome. If Number 60 High really could rank in the top eight, he would probably wake up laughing from his dream.

"Your predictions have always been very accurate, but I want to ask you a question: Who do you think will be the champion school? Devil-Subduing High, or Titan High? Or South Sea Sky High?" asked Headmaster Chen. They were the three schools that he was more wary of, and the ones that he wanted the students of Number 60 High students to avoid as much as possible when they entered the battlefield.

Devil-Subduing High was proficient in the "study of control," Titan High was strong and invincible given their "powerful defense and strength output," and South Sea Sky High had formidable "sense of perception." On their own, they would be particularly troublesome on the battlefield; if they formed an alliance in this competition, it would be disastrous. Thus, Headmaster Chen reckoned that even if the students of these three schools didn't win the championship, they would at the very least make it into the top four. Besides, these schools were relatively famous, and the fighting strength of their students in recent years had been very impressive.

Titan High's basketball team had already defended its number one position in the country for a whole thirty years without ever once losing... mainly because no one could guard against the fearsome bulks of these Titan High tank students. When they moved, each one of them was like an advancing aircraft carrier or battleship. All the teams they encountered didn't dare make even the smallest move; if they were tripped up and pressed down, they would be seriously injured...

Listening to Headmaster Chen, San Yuan pondered for a while. To be honest, there were indeed plenty of famous and powerful enemies among the schools participating in this competition. Compared with Number 60 High this year, Devil-Subduing High, Titan High and South Sea Sky High certainly were all powerful opponents. But in addition to these top-tier schools, there were some middle-tier schools who were also formidable opponents, like Tianshi Imperial High School, Nation League Number 1 High School...

Of course, the school which San Yuan thought was the most troublesome wasn't in this list.

He believed that there was a middle school, which Headmaster Chen had underestimated, that could become this year's champion.

"Do you know Balance Flame Middle School, Headmaster Chen?" San Yuan looked up at that moment and seemed lost in thought as he looked at Headmaster Chen.

"Balance Flame Middle School?" Headmaster Chen repeated the name.

This school... It did have a reputation, but Headmaster Chen hadn't put it on the list of schools to watch out for since it was a middle-tier school.

"I know this school." He seemed to be considering his words carefully. "Balance Flame Middle School is a completely closed off cultivation school. All the students board at the school. They only get two hours of sleep each day, and the rest of the time is devoted to cultivation. They get up at 4 o'clock in the morning for collective sword practice, and the food which the school canteen prepares is all nutrition and fasting pills... In my opinion, this kind of education is extremely unscientific."

"But ninety percent of its students get into key universities, and ninety percent of those ultimately enter key cultivation universities; even the worst students can get into a second-tier university," San Yuan said.

"This sort of closed off education is indeed amazing, but I still think it's harmful to the students' physical and mental development," Headmaster Chen said. "San Yuan, do you think this school can win the championship? I don't think so. Although these students are trained to become learning and fighting machines, it's very easy for them to become rigid thinkers who are overly stubborn and dogmatic. In a big national competition like this, it's very important to be flexible. What's more, it'll be Senior Grade One students participating this time, and I don't think the Middle Grade Three students of Balance Flame Middle School will be a threat to them."

"You're wrong, Headmaster Chen."

San Yuan shook his head. "As far as I know, Balance Flame Middle School has its own stringent admission criteria: Students need to have a certain degree of self-discipline and learning capability. Students who can learn may not ultimately do that well in their studies, but those who can't learn will undoubtedly do worse, unless they're possessed by Eurogod1. These students are very good at research and learning, and they know how to use what they've learned from the textbooks and apply it in the real world."

1(An Internet buzzword usually used to describe a person who is extremely lucky ..) Headmaster Chen hadn't expected San Yuan to suddenly bring up this point. "Learning capability..."

"The first subject that Balance Flame Middle School students learn when they enter the school is copying.' Every student in the school has a unique view on copying someone else's strength. Even if a group from Balance Flame Middle School might have only spent a semester there, if you put them on the battlefield, they'll absorb the tactical thinking of the strong cultivation schools like Devil-Subduing High, Titan High and even South Sea Sky High, and slowly build on it later. In the end, they might become great, fearful devils," San Yuan said.

San Yuan's words might sound like an exaggeration, but Headmaster Chen was in fact well aware that the students of Balance Flame Middle School did have more abnormal learning capabilities.

If San Yuan hadn't reminded him, he would have forgotten this point...

"I recall that the current headmaster of Balance Flame Middle School is..." Headmaster Chen looked a little nostalgic.

"Zuo Qingqiu," San Yuan answered immediately.

"Oh, so it's that boy." Headmaster Chen smiled. It was a familiar name.

"It looks like this Headmaster Zuo is an old acquaintance of yours?" San Yuan chuckled.

Practically all of the headmasters who had graduated from cultivation military school alongside Headmaster Chen that year had been crushed by his formidable tactical thinking before. This included Li Qingxi, headmaster of Devil-Subduing High, and Zuo Qingqiu, headmaster of Balance Flame Middle School; they had suffered tremendously from his array of surprising support spells!

For the national competition this time, all school headmasters had to take command. If this was before Zuo Qingqiu became headmaster of Balance Flame Middle School, Headmaster Chen would have to think carefully about how to deal with this middle school.

But now that he knew that the headmaster was Zuo Qingqiu, he was immediately all smiles in his office.

"Zuo Qingqiu this kid has always been the conservative type, which may become a major weakness of his command." Headmaster Chen tapped his fingers on the armrest of his chair and pondered for a bit before saying, "What Balance Flame Middle School has to be careful about is to absolutely not lose too many teammates in the early stage. Given their strong learning capability, they might get the upper hand during the middle and later stages of the competition."

San Yuan: "What do you mean?"

Headmaster Chen snapped his fingers. "Since it's like this, how about we concentrate our firepower and get rid of this time bomb at the very beginning?"





Chapter 1123 Father Wang Collecting Material and Adapting


It was initially just a district-level body technique exchange meet, which had inexplicably expanded into a national competition. If Number 60 High placed in this competition, Wang Ling wouldn't be able to remain unnoticed and low-key, no matter how much he wanted to. Events now seemed to be developing in a way which contradicted the important strategy which Father Wang and Mother Wang had drawn up for him: "Live a low-key life."

Wednesday, November 12th.

That night, Wang Ling got a parents' notice and two tickets.

Since it had become a national competition, Songhai city's education commission decided to make a block booking for all parents of participants from Songhai city to watch the competition live. Father and Mother Wang were naturally invited, but after Wang Ling entered middle school, this ridiculous couple had never attended the parent-teacher conference, and had always found someone else to do it. For example, Wang Ling had gotten Lord Thunder to attend the parent-teacher conference in the first semester of Senior Grade One.

Hence, Wang Ling didn't think Father and Mother Wang would go.

"Yo, it's a big event this time, and there's actually tickets for it." When Father Wang received the parents' notice and the two tickets, he was instantly lost in thought.

While the school had already sent out the tickets beforehand, it was up to the parents whether they went or not. No one was specially overseeing this matter, nor would there be any teachers at the venue checking which parents did or did not attend.

The problem was that Father Wang reluctantly felt that an event like this body technique exchange meet was detrimental to the prenatal training that the couple was doing these days.

Father Wang and Mother Wang had been carefully doing prenatal training during this period. Her belly sticking out, Mother Wang traveled all over the place, and Father Wang followed her. They visited all kinds of cultural museums on cultivation history, with the intent of making use of this art influence to get Wang Nuan to calm down... Generally speaking, girls tended to be more serene, but considering what happened after Wang Ling was born, Father and Mother Wang still felt that this sort of meditative prenatal training was vital!

Eyes fixed on the notice and tickets, Father Wang pondered for a moment before finally deciding to decline. "How about you ask Little Lei to go on our behalf?"

Wang Ling: "..."

He knew it!

"You're calm now, and don't like to talk much, but when you were born, you were actually quite rowdy. Your mom and I always wondered if it was because we didn't do the prenatal training properly before you were born. Your mom and I have been taking your little sister to look at cultural and art exhibits these days, and we hope that she'll be a little calmer," said Father Wang. "An event like a body technique exchange meet doesn't seem good for prenatal training. What if your little sister is influenced by the violence? Your mom and I are already no longer your match..."

These words dumbfounded Wang Ling. "..."

What "already no longer your match"...

They hadn't been his match since he was born, alright?!

The critical point was that Wang Ling didn't think this sort of calming prenatal training could curb his little sister's strength.

Wang Nuan's "Shadow Dao" had already caused Wang Ling plenty of trouble during the summer break; at that time, Wang Ling already knew what Wang Nuan was going to be like. Although his cute little sister had yet to be born, given how pesky Shadow Dao was, she would definitely be a troublemaker.

Seeing that Father Wang didn't plan to go, Wang Ling took the tickets back, then had him sign the notice.

To be honest, Wang Ling was instead relieved that Father and Mother Wang weren't going. When he thought about how his parents might watch his performance during the competition, a part of him would always feel nervous as their kid.

...

As Mother Wang put on a face mask that night, she discussed the national competition with Father Wang. "Actually you really want to go and watch."

"..." Eyes on the newspaper, Father Wang kept silent.

"It just so happens that I've arranged to hang out with a few friends that day. You don't have to worry about me, they've always taken very good care of me," said Mother Wang.

Father Wang put the newspaper down and sat upright as he listened to Mother Wang speak. "This national competition is a rare event. Ling Ling is usually so low-key, yet his teacher still chose him, which proves that his teacher really likes him. It would be good for you to go and watch. Usually, you hardly talk to each other, and you always use docking his allowance as a way to try and have a heart-to-heart chat with your son and get close to him. This is actually a very good chance; seeing how Ling Ling performs during the competition will deepen your relationship and understanding of each other."

"Cough... but..."

"But Ling Ling already took back the tickets, right?" Mother Wang laughed as she opened a drawer and pulled them out. "I took them back from Ling Ling."

"..." Father Wang took the tickets, his heart trembling slightly.

"You damn tsundere," Mother Wang commented.

"Ai, do you think I want to be like this?" Father Wang curled his lip.

Father Wang really wanted to go and watch this body technique exchange meet. Indeed, like Mother Wang said, he wanted to see what Wang Ling's performance was like. In addition, it was also for the sake of collecting reference material.

Father Wang didn't have a lot of source material on body technique exchange meets. 102 high schools would be participating in this national competition this time, and Father Wang's heart pounded at this treasure trove of source material.

Source material was derived from life; one of Father Wang's main tasks in writing was to collect news on the people around him and on society, and integrate them into his novels to give it a sense of the times.

For example, Father Wang had already adapted something that happened between an online live streamer and a fruit farmer the day before into his story yesterday.

It started with a fruit farmer who opened an online shop, and had mistakenly typed in twenty-six yuan for 4500 jin of tangerines rather than 4500 grams. This mistake instantly drew the attention of some so-called "fleece clubs."

A live streamer who took pride in fleecing others made this mistake known in his fan group and called for his fans to go online and order. They were sure that the seller wouldn't be able to deliver the goods, and they would promptly complain together in order to receive ten percent of the total payment in compensation.

The poor fruit farmer received tens of thousands of orders overnight, and the shop's capital instantly went up in smoke.

This live streamer called Passerby A was condemned by netizens, and finally apologized. His account was banned by the live stream platform, and this professional "online fleece club" which hid in the shadows officially entered the public eye.

This sort of behavior already wasn't fleecing, but was cutting off the sheep's head... Exploiting someone's mistake for profit was extremely shameless.

But in considering whether the subject matter was suitable or not, Father Wang had to first decide whether it was reasonable to adapt this source material. As a writer of cultivation novels, such a modern plot device appearing in his cultivation novel would unavoidably be a little off-putting.

Hence, Father Wang revised and adapted this scam story for his own story.





Chapter 1124 Father Wang's Imagination


That evening, Father Wang had his regular meeting with his editor Lie Mengmeng, and they discussed the setting for the next character. None of the characters in his novel were redundant. Whether it was the villain, the protagonist, or a minor role, they each had their own wonderful story and character setting, so it was especially important to determine how the characters would be positioned in the overall story.

The two men were on a video call that evening. These days, Lie Mengmeng seldom came by to press Father Wang for the manuscript, mainly because the website had recently been doing a strict audit of their novels. This was the law of nature, the survival of the fittest - authors who couldn't do it would be 404'ed.

It might sound a little cruel, but this was reality.

Thus, the literary website's entire editorial department had been working overtime recently as they carried out manual checks to prevent works from touching on taboo issues. For minor infractions, it was enough to censor chapters or keywords, but for serious infractions, the entire book might be taken down, and if it was even more serious, the authors' pen names might be banned!

Lie Mengmeng had inspected roughly several thousand books today, before taking some time out to analyze Father Wang's new characters. "Fleecing... You really keep up with the times. I also read the news. Supposedly, that live streamer is still unconvinced, and is saying that the fruit farmer was hyping himself up."

"There's nothing to be unconvinced about. I have some information here which says that this fruit farmer was part of an aid initiative for the poor... No sooner had his hometown helped him open an online store to lift him out of poverty, the website got complaints the next day and closed it down. I heard that the village chief was shocked!"

Lie Mengmeng was surprised. "Is that so..."

"But it's too sensitive an issue to write about, so I think that it's better to focus on parodying that unscrupulous live streamer." Father Wang said, "I already have an idea about the character setting. The protagonist is just about to run into an old enemy, who sends out this subordinate, who's very good at scamming people, to tangle with the protagonist. His ability is 'Scam.'"

"Go on..."

"I haven't come up with the specific details of the ability yet, but this is roughly what I think: In any case, the main point is this 'Scam.' The new villain has the codename Lu RenA, and is related to Grandpa Lu whom I wrote about before in the book. He's Grandpa Lu's grandson. He's skilled at using the Internet, and inherits from Grandpa Lu a system which shares fake coupons."

Father Wang said, "This fake coupon system takes advantage of people's inner greed for small gains, and generates countless coupon links to entice cultivators to click on them. As long as cultivators click on them, they'll be robbed of part of their cultivation, which will then converge in the system's host."

"Wouldn't that be too big a bug..."

"In any case, our protagonist is invincible, and will always have a way to fix the situation." Father Wang said, "When they click on the coupon links, they'll be automatically drained of their cultivation, but if they continue forwarding the links, their cultivation will come back to them. The more they share, the more of their cultivation that will return. But at the same time, this also leads to the worldwide spread of these fake coupons, which causes a huge crisis..."

"..."

Hearing this, Lie Mengmeng couldn't help taking a deep breath.

This viral spread of links suddenly reminded him of the dread of being overwhelmed by Pinxixi1's coupon links in WeChat Moments, especially when 11/11 2 came around every year. That was clearly a day for Taobao events, but Pinxixi also butted in, and would flood chat groups with all sorts of links practically every day.

1(Derived from the Chinese e-commerce platform Pinduoduo.)

2(The annual sales in China on 11 November.) The scariest thing was that there would always be friends who would ask you to help click on the links.

Trying to get a bargain during normal times was already frightening enough.

As expected, source material came from real life...

Lie Mengmeng marveled at Father Wang's imagination.

"Given this viral spread, wouldn't the villain become very strong?"

"Not really." Father Wang said, "While many people are greedy for petty gains, there has to be gains offered in the first place before the scammers can swindle them. If the links are fake, online users will definitely complain on a large scale. The people who posted these links will thus be arrested by the Internet police the next day, and won't cause too much harm."

"There's still this sort of operation..." Lie Mengmeng wiped at his sweat. This kind of absurd humor was Father Wang's typical way of dealing with things. Sometimes it didn't need to especially make sense - as long as it was funny and preposterous enough, it was fine to view it as an interlude.

This style also reminded Lie Mengmeng of a talk show comedian called Soy Egg. For example, there had been a marvelous debate recently on whether to save "a cat" or "a famous painting" if a museum was on fire3

3(From an episode of the Chinese variety show 'Ridicule .. ') ...

Thursday, November 13th.

Tomorrow was the day they would set out for Jinghua city. In the morning, Headmaster Chen gave everyone their round-trip tickets to the city. According to the competition schedule, they would arrive at the designated base on Friday evening to report in, and the competition would officially begin on Saturday, where everyone would participate in the body technique survival contest on Nine Dragon Mountain for eight days.

They weren't allowed to take any magic treasures, talismans, food or daily necessities with them for the competition. Multiple inspections would be carried out prior to entry, and if someone was detected secretly smuggling something in, they would be immediately disqualified.

After all, this was a national competition, and the rules seemed stricter than for typical body technique exchange meets - the truth, however, was that there was a deliberate loophole.

Headmaster Chen had explained this loophole to everyone that morning. "In theory, you aren't allowed to take anything inside, but the truth is that there'll definitely be some people who'll take the risk and muddle their way through the inspections."

"Can they?"

"Most of those who have this intent will be extremely confident in their abilities." Headmaster Chen said, "In the national competition this time, the rules only apply to the inspections - in other words, if you can muddle your way through the inspections and successfully take something in, it won't be considered cheating if you use it openly during the competition. This will depend on how the students of each school deal with this."

"It's too hard." Guo Hao said, "I have an uncle who participated in activities like this when he was a student. At that time, there were already space detection devices during the entry inspections. Storage space magic treasures like storage rings and storage bags can be detected with a simple sweep, and can't be taken inside."

Hearing this, Headmaster Chen fell silent.

He knew that this was a loophole that the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools had deliberately set up to test the students' ability to respond to it.

Thus, "secret smuggling" this time could only be considered an opportunity and not cheating, and couldn't be dealt with under the rules for "cheating"; the Alliance of Ten Thousand School was playing a good word game this time.

If this "secret smuggling" was detected at entry inspections, it would be unilaterally deemed a "violation."

The word "violation" was easier on the ears than "cheating"- even if a student was caught and disqualified, there wouldn't be a record of it on file.

Although San Yuan predicted that Number 60 High would make it into the top eight, Headmaster Chen wanted to play it safe.

Since the Alliance of Ten Thousand School had created such an opportune loophole, there naturally was no reason not to take full advantage of it.





Chapter 1125 Sun Rong's Sword Spirit Space


Conditions permitting, making fair use of the loophole in the rules was also a shortcut in battle toward placing in the competition ranking this time. Headmaster Chen knew his old acquaintances all too well. His heart was as clear as a mirror; he knew that they would never let go of this opportunity.

It was very likely that Li Qingxi, headmaster of Number 1 Devil-Subduing High, and Zuo Qingxiu, headmaster of Balance Flame Middle School, were both making plans at the moment.

Of all the headmasters this time, Headmaster Chen felt that his biggest foes were these two guys.

He might have defeated the both of them before, and they might not seem fearsome, but if they weren't capable, they wouldn't be able to hold up these two key city high schools.

Number 1 Devil-Subduing High was good at control spells, and the students of Balance Flame Middle School were very good at learning through experience. If the two schools worked together, they might be a formidable combination.

Devil-Subduing High was good at control spells, and could control both people and objects. They could use control spells to confuse the instruments used during the entry inspections so that they produced errors - Headmaster Chen could imagine this happening.

Given Li Qingxi's character, he would definitely get the students to do that. In this eight-day battle for survival, even bringing a single fasting pill inside would significantly improve their odds.

Compared with Li Qingxi's side, the students of Balance Flame Middle School were more conservative; this was a group of bookworms who emphasized rules and stubbornly clung to their principles; it would be absolutely unthinkable to them to take advantage of the loophole.

Headmaster Zuo would want to persuade his students to bring some things in, but he would be faced with the problem of his students' unwillingness to break the rules. As headmaster, he couldn't force them to do what he wanted.

Headmaster Chen's guess was that this Headmaster Zuo would probably choose one or two of the students and use some of his tricks to deceive them into bringing things in...

After these Balance Flame Middle School bookworms brought these things inside, they would have to use these extra aids once they encountered difficulties.

Mankind could never escape "scientific truth."

Hence, Headmaster Chen's plan for dealing with Balance Flame Middle School was very simple.

After hearing Headmaster Chen's plan, Guo Hao's lips twitched. "To report them... Is that really alright? Isn't it a little too shameless..."

"It's nothing more than a fair method of competition," Headmaster Chen said.

Balance Flame Middle School was a school that would become harder to deal with in the later stage. They absolutely couldn't be allowed to survive in this battle, so they had to be disposed of as soon as possible in the early stage. It would be good news for all schools if Balance Flame Middle School was down some members right from the start.

As for how Number 60 High would bring magic treasures in, Headmaster Chen had already thought up of a plan: They might be able to use Sun Rong's spirit sword Mysterious Sea to achieve this.

Everyone knew that Sun Rong's spirit sword already had a sword spirit. As long as she used this sword spirit attribute and placed the magic treasures inside a sword spirit space, no equipment would be able to detect them.

Spirit swords also weren't allowed in the national body technique competition this time, but when a sword spirit and its master shared a close enough rapport, a sword spirit space could be opened up remotely.

"Mysterious Sea has been with Student Sun Rong since she was born. There probably isn't anyone here who has as high a rapport as Student Sun Rong does with her sword, so we'll have to trouble Student Sun Rong this time."

"Okay, headmaster!" Sun Rong agreed readily.

The truth was that even if Headmaster Chen hadn't said anything, Sun Rong had already figured out this method; as a refined young lady, not only did she have to bring magic treasures, she also had to bring many daily necessities.

Everyone would definitely become unkempt while participating in this eight-day battle for survival, but Sun Rong didn't want that to happen to her. This was a national competition, and she would inevitably be photographed, so she would need to pay particular attention to her image, or it might tarnish the reputation of her family's Huaguo Water Curtain Group. Hence, she had to bring talismans for "cleaning" as well as makeup for girls.

Conditions permitting, it would be best if she could wash her hair once a day.

After class, everyone started to discuss what they should bring in with them.

Li Youyue asked, "Will we really not be found out?"

Sun Rong nodded and beamed. "We won't be discovered. It's very difficult to create a sword spirit space, and it was only by luck that I was able to refine one. Generally, very few Foundation Establishment students can open up a sword spirit space, so there won't be checks carried out specially for a sword spirit space since the procedure involved is too complicated; if over a thousand students are checked for this space, who knows how long the inspections will take."

Li Youyue sighed with relief. "That's great. I was still wondering what I should do if I got all dirty during the eight days... Can you help me bring in some makeup and toiletries?"

Sun Rong: "I'll prepare a few more; you can just use mine."

Liu Qingyi also echoed Li Youyue. "Me too!"

Sun Rong nodded smoothly. "No problem."

Chen Chao: "But what if..."

"You shut up!" The three girls shouted at the same time and stopped Chen Chao from speaking.

The power of his blessed mouth really couldn't be underestimated.

Liu Qingyi actually had her own means of bringing things in, but the problem was that she didn't have any money right now! The money she earned from working at Wei Zhi's place was only enough for her to buy some cheap cosmetics. Her life was too hard... It would be good if she could save money and freeload off someone else.

Wang Ling realized that when it came to a battle for survival, girls were unusually alike in their thinking: Their first concern wasn't whether they could survive, but for their appearance - this was just too real!

Seeing this, Guo Hao couldn't help but sigh. "This is a battle for survival, can you be a little more serious?"

"Is there anything else more important to a girl than being beautiful and clean?" Li Youyue smiled. She looked at Sun Rong and said, "Oh, by the way, Rongrong, I also have a set of kitchenware here; take it in for me later. Nine Dragon Mountain has plenty of local specialties; if we can get good ingredients, I can prepare a picnic for everyone."

"Kitchenware? No problem. There's plenty of room in my sword spirit space. There's enough space for about two truckloads of stuff." Sun Rong nodded agreeably.

"Then, can you help me bring in a game console?" Guo Hao asked.

"You're the one acting as if you're going on holiday..."

"Hey, I was planning to hole up at home next week and play Death Stranding - who the hell knew I would be sent out for a competition!"

"..."

"Don't worry, I'll only play when it's perfectly safe. I'll do anything as long as you let me bring it."

Where's your integrity...

Sun Rong was speechless. She then turned to everyone else. "Is there anything else you want me to bring? I still have plenty of space."

Saying this, she turned to look at Wang Ling.

Wang Ling: "..."

Sun Rong: "Classmate Wang Ling, do you want crispy noodle snacks?"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 1126 Prized Milk Is Useless


Tomorrow was Friday, which was when Number 60 High would be headed to Jinghua city. After school, the students of the special training class gathered and discussed whether they should go out and eat together.

Headmaster Chen was in favor of this suggestion. The national physical body technique competition wasn't a solo event, and eating together was a good opportunity for them to communicate and get closer to each other.

Things had been tense between Xia Ming and Wang Ling a few days ago, and Headmaster Chen felt that this might be a ticking time bomb.

"It'll be my treat, everyone go out and eat," said Headmaster Chen.

Frankly speaking, everyone was surprised by his generosity.

"Huh? Headmaster, are you also coming with us?"

"No." Headmaster Chen hurriedly shook his head; an old man going along with a bunch of young people certainly wasn't very good. They didn't have any topics in common, and conversation might be cut off by the generation gap. If he went with them, they might not be able to enjoy their food as much.

"Will three thousand yuan be enough for the ten1 of you?"

1(Just an FYI that the author gave eleven names instead of ten.) "Wow... Headmaster, that's a lot!"

"Next week will be very difficult for you. This amount isn't much for me."

Headmaster Chen took out some cash from his pocket and handed them to Sun Rong. "Student Sun Rong will take care of it. I only have two requests: Firstly, find a clean restaurant and don't get sick. Secondly, go home early when you're done."

"Thank you, headmaster!" Everyone thanked him.

Sun Rong politely accepted the three thousand yuan from the headmaster and also sighed in relief. Eating together was good, of course, but she sometimes actually offended a lot of people because of it.

After all, she was the eldest daughter of Huaguo Water Curtain Group. Every time she arranged to eat with her friends, it was always especially lavish, and this sort of upper-class behavior naturally attracted envy.

To use a popular modern phrase, it could be summarized as: a lemon person.

After all, their family backgrounds were different. Sun Rong had been used to an upper-class lifestyle since young; up until high school, she never thought that there was anything wrong with it. She never had any intention of hurting anyone's feelings. Her family was just that rich! Could she be blamed for that?

But then she met Wang Ling during the school's entrance exam...

After being classmates with Wang Ling for a semester, she felt that she had actually learned a lot from him.

Being low-key wasn't a bad thing. Before high school, she had intended to draw attention and win the hearts of everyone in the entire school to make herself the brightest star.

Her thinking had now changed slightly - to be an unassuming young miss didn't seem like a bad thing...

This three thousand yuan from Headmaster Chen could be considered very timely; if the ten of them went out to dine, Sun Rong's bodyguards would probably rush to pay the bill.

What would her classmates think when they saw that? Wasn't that clearly showing off? Classmate Wang Ling definitely wouldn't like it...

"What should we eat?" Sun Rong carefully put the three thousand yuan down on the desk and looked prepared to have a serious discussion.

It wasn't that she was being modest, but that she really didn't have any ideas. For the sake of maintaining her figure, she didn't usually eat dinner, so she didn't have any idea at all what food to recommend.

This was already the 1346th night in a row that she would be eating a fasting energy pill...

"There's a soup restaurant on Yellow Springs Road that's pretty good. Shall we try it out? It's popular online!" said Chen Chao.

"Yellow Springs Road... That's so ominous. Does it sell Old Woman Meng's soup2?" Guo Hao curled his lip. "Forget it. We should have a little more faith. No one can clearly explain the mysteries of the universe. There's too much poisonous milk nowadays..."

2(Yellow Springs is a literal translation of Huangquan, which refers to the underworld. Before the dead cross the bridge to the underworld, they drink Old Woman Meng's soup to erase their memories of their past lives before they can enter the cycle of reincarnation.) After that, every single person looked at Chen Chao.

Chen Chao: "Why're you looking at me? It's just Yellow Springs Road, and it's just drinking soup. I was thinking about the girls in our team - we should eat something mild at night, and we won't gain weight from drinking soup. It's not like after drinking the soup, we'll really -"

Before he could say "die," Guo Hao hastily covered Chen Chao's mouth, but everyone could still vaguely hear him say that ominous word.

At that moment, Wang Ling was already observing a moment of silence for that Internet-famous soup restaurant...

He then unlocked his phone to look for news on that restaurant, and sure enough, he saw that the latest news contained an exposé on that Internet-famous soup restaurant.

The news headline was [An Internet-famous soup restaurant down Yellow Springs Road has been shut down and is being investigated for hygiene issues after customers came down with severe diarrhea].

"..." After reading this, Wang Ling silently closed his phone.

It could only be said that Chen Chao's mouth was indeed terrifying. However, Wang Ling also realized that it had to be something which Chen Chao said without thinking before it came true. This was what people meant when they said that "prized milk is useless3," which also applied to Chen Chao.

3(A spin on the colloquial term "poisonous milk," which is jinxing someone with your words ..) For example, if Chen Chao wanted to do well, and hence predicted that he would get full marks on his next test, it wouldn't happen.

"Then what should we eat? Have you thought about it?" Wang Zhen swallowed as he looked at the three thousand yuan on the table; after he and Liu Qingyi were punished by Heavenly Dao, practically all they ate nowadays was instant noodles, in order to save money.

Whenever Wang Zhen burped now, he felt like it had the flavor of braised beef...

Looking at current Earth prices, three thousand yuan would be enough for them to eat until they were full.

"Let's see what everyone likes first. If you don't have any ideas, then let me recommend something; I know a few good restaurants." Li Youyue raised her eyebrows, a confident expression on her face. "I don't eat spicy food. How about you guys?"

Sun Rong thought for a moment. "There's nothing in particular that I need to avoid."

Chen Chao: "Spicy or not is fine for me. I don't eat duck."

Guo Hao: "I eat anything."

Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi said in unison, "Me too!" They exchanged looks of dismay after that, and then ignored each other as they looked away.

Fang Xing: "As for me, I don't eat food that's too sweet."

Gu Shunzhi: "My taste is the same as Wang Ling's."

Zhenyuan: "So's mine!"

Wang Ling: "???"

Li Youyue: "Then what does Classmate Wang Ling like..."

Gu Shunzhi laughed. "It's definitely black pepper." After all, the sachet of seasoning inside a crispy noodle snack packet was black pepper in flavor.

When Gu Shunzhi said this, Wang Ling was stunned. Gu Shunzhi had unexpectedly hit the nail on the head!

As expected of the keeper of order - how dangerous!

Xia Ming wasn't planning to say anything, and was fine with whatever was decided, but since everyone had contributed to the discussion, he thought he would seem a bit antisocial if he didn't say anything. Thus, he thought for a while, and then raised his hand and said, "Er... I'm allergic to peanuts, so I can't eat them"

"Okay, got it." Li Youyue thought a bit, then said, "How about seafood? You can adjust your preferences yourself. I know a restaurant called The Conch Lady! Have you heard of it?"

When Li Youyue said that, Sun Rong instantly fell silent.

Because this restaurant...

...was actually a business under her Huaguo Water Curtain Group.





Chapter 1127 Conch Lady


Like Sun Rong said, there were a lot of businesses under Huaguo Water Curtain Group. Its main business was pills and medicine, but thanks to abundant profits and the company's renowned influence in the pills and medicine industry, Huaguo Water Curtain Group used this fortune to quickly expand into various other fields: film and television, e-sports, food, shopping malls... Huaguo Water Curtain Group's fingers could be seen in practically every popular pie.

This "Conch Lady" seafood restaurant chain, for example, was in fact owned by Huaguo Water Curtain Group, but many people didn't know this.

Sun Rong wanted to eat with the others in a neutral setting. She had relaxed a little when Headmaster Chen gave them the money for food, but why had things turned out like this?

"Classmate Sun Rong, you don't look very good." Li Youyue asked, "Is it because you can't eat seafood?"

"No, I'm fine..." Sun Rong quickly shook her head. She then silently took out her phone and sent a message to the driver, who was waiting outside the school gate, to let Conch Lady know in advance.

Outside the school gate, the driver saw the message and was confused, because Sun Rong just said, "Inform Conch Lady on XXX Road."

She didn't say exactly what to tell them!

And the point was that Conch Lady was inside Huaguo Water Curtain Group's Huaguo Shopping Mall; there was practically no shop there that didn't know Sun Rong... Was there any need to inform them?

The driver looked at his phone and frowned. Although he was a little perplexed, this was the Eldest Miss's request, after all, and the driver didn't dare disobey it.

He immediately followed Sun Rong's instruction, and had the nearby bodyguards retreat three kilometers to follow her at a distance while he drove the car to that particular Conch Lady restaurant to let them know.

When everyone exited the classroom, Sun Rong inwardly sighed with relief when she saw that the bodyguards who had initially been standing guard outside had retreated.

"How are we going to get there?" Chen Chao asked.

"Fly our swords; the competition is coming up, so we should grab every chance to build up our stamina. Besides, flying a sword consumes a lot of energy, so we'll enjoy the food more later," Guo Hao suggested. Stamina had always been his weak point, and this was a good opportunity to work out - a short cram session like this was also good.

Sun Rong nodded. "I agree."

Everyone was actually surprised at Sun Rong's agreement; their impression of her was that she was a different sort to them. Usually, there would be a black limo waiting for her outside the school gate after school.

Since she had agreed, naturally, no one else would refuse.

"Then let's fly our swords together; it'll be better that way. Who'll lead?" Everyone took out their spirit swords. Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi also took out the spirit swords which Lord Thunder had given to them. Heavenly Dao had blocked their use of magic treasures, and they were also forbidden to use their own spirit swords. However, it was difficult for a cultivator to move around without a spirit sword.

For the time being, Lord Thunder had given them a compatible spirit sword each. The condition, however, was that after they were done helping Wei Zhi and had spare time on their hands, they had to go and help the Office of Strategic Deception deal with some client requests, like hunting down wanted criminals of the Dark Network and so on.

Wang Ling felt that in some sense, Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi were pretty pitiful.

They could have become a loving couple in the world above. In the end, thanks to a freak combination of factors, they both wound up in the world below while running away from the marriage arrangement, and were punished by Heavenly Dao... Not only couldn't they return home, this young master and young miss had to work in order to survive here.

How tragic...

Everyone had decided to fly their swords, and Wang Ling naturally didn't have any objections. Flying a sword used up a lot of stamina and mental focus; they had to concentrate during the process, or it would be very easy for them to slip and fall in midair.

There would usually be someone who would lead the group, and currently, it seemed only Sun Rong could take up this role.

Wang Ling, Wang Zhen, Liu Qingyi, Zhenyuan, and Gu Shunzhi had to hide their strength. The only person here who had a sword spirit was Sun Rong. One of the great advantages of a spirit sword which had spawned a sword spirit was that it had an "autopilot" mode, where the sword spirit could fly the spirit sword on its own, and thus share its master's mental burden.

Furthermore, if the team flew in a sword formation, the sword spirit in the lead could share part of the mental burden of each team member, which was the reason why many people liked flying swords in a group.

This could be considered one of the very few times Wang Ling was eating out. Moreover, it was with his classmates. On the entire journey, Sun Rong's Mysterious Sea felt the pressure behind him...

Mysterious Sea was well aware that this pressure was coming from Wang Ling's Jingke.

Fuck... She was a small sword spirit. As the bro leading the team while being stared by the boss of sword spirits, the pressure was freaking insane!

But Mysterious Sea didn't dare ask or say anything.

She didn't know what the boss's character was like, but everyone knew that a sword took after its master, and Mysterious Sea was afraid Jingke would kill her...

...

It was about an hour before they finally arrived at the commercial plaza, which had a designated zone for getting off flying swords.

Everyone landed, and Guo Hao began to pant heavily. "Fuck! I swear I'll never fly so far in one go ever again! I felt like I was dying! I'd rather do workbook exercises for an hour!"

"Your stamina is terrible... don't hold us back in the body technique competition, boss!" As soon as Chen Chao said the words, Guo Hao instantly tensed up and inwardly cursed Chen Chao's jinx of a mouth. Everyone else had already hurried on ahead to the mall.

Sun Rong quietly sighed with relief when they reached the mall's main entrance. It looked like her driver had already let them know beforehand... Everything was going according to plan.

On the way to the Conch Lady restaurant, she kept encouraging herself.

She was just a very ordinary student today. She didn't need special treatment or anything like that at all. She just wanted to be like everyone else.

But as they made their way to the restaurant, she noticed that everyone in the mall was giving her strange looks, and she slowly started to get a bad feeling...

It couldn't be, right...

Old Li had been her driver for so long, and should know her thoughts; he couldn't possibly have misunderstood her. Sun Rong checked the message she sent him, but when she saw the content, she almost spat out a mouthful of blood! She had been so nervous at the time, and had only told Old Li to let them know, but not about what... It would indeed be very easy for Old Li to misunderstand this message!

By the time Sun Rong brought everyone to the Conch Lady restaurant, it was already too late.

When the restaurant manager and staff saw Sun Rong, they all came out with smiles all over their faces and respectfully stood in a row.

Then, the manager stepped forward and bowed deeply. "Eldest Miss! All the staff are in position; we await your inspection!"

Sun Rong: "..."

Everyone: "..."





Chapter 1128 Air Immortal Warship


Sun Rong didn't want special treatment, but she didn't expect things to turn out this way.

Honestly speaking, however, her driver Old Li wasn't to blame; it was largely her fault for not making herself clear. In the end, Old Li had come straight over to "let them know," and scared this Conch Lady branch manager so much that the latter had returned to work despite being in the middle of a health spa.

Now, he led a team of staff in saluting Sun Rong respectfully at the entrance, which made her feel quite awkward. However, the truth was that the others didn't really care, because this was very normal to them. After all, Huaguo Water Curtain Group was so rich — so what if it opened a seafood restaurant?

There were a lot of delicacies on Earth. Before this, Gu Shunzhi and Zhenyuan had always been busy with official and private matters respectively, and were in the Milky Way all year around as they shuttled back and forth between various planets. The only word to describe food on other planets was: terrible... Thus, they would rather eat fasting pills when they were hungry; who knew when was the last time they had feasted on Earth. They also had only gotten a little taste of what it was like to eat with everyone in Number 60 High's canteen in these two days at school.

Nothing needed to be said about Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi — for this young master and young miss pair who were in dire straits, it didn't matter who paid, as long as they could eat!

As for Chen Chao and Guo Hao, they cared even less.

Seeing that everyone didn't particularly care, Sun Rong sighed with relief.

"Order whatever you want," said Sun Rong.

"Don't be shy. It's Headmaster Chen's treat, after all. Since there are ten of us, it wouldn't be nice if we didn't eat more," said Li Youyue. As a girl, she in fact knew what Sun Rong was thinking; indeed, it wouldn't be very nice to publicly exercise privilege on an occasion like this.

At that moment, the manager on the side smiled slightly. "Thank you for your understanding. Please rest assured that I'll give you a discount and won't waste Headmaster Chen's consideration for you. You can also rest assured that we use the freshest ingredients. We have a sea king spirit beast that was just caught from the sea."

"Wow, just caught? How was it sent here?" said Chen Chao.

"There is a teleportation array in the kitchen. If you like, you can put on the protective suits over there and go in for a look." The manager extended the invitation with a smile.

Chen Chao and Guo Hao were the sort of people who could never sit still: one was hyperactive and the other was crazy about gossip. Naturally, they wouldn't skip an opportunity to visit the kitchen. Moreover, they would be able to see a sea king spirit beast! On average, these sea kings were at the Golden Core stage, and a special immortal sea fleet was required to catch them! Their meat was incredibly delicious!

But to eat sea king spirit beast sashimi... three thousand yuan might not be enough for the ten of them.

Li Youyue was in charge of ordering the food. A dozen minutes or so later, the kitchen in the back served up seafood sashimi, roasts and kebabs. For mains, there were steamed rolls, fried noodles and onigiris. The mains here were different to what was served outside; mains usually consisted of rice and noodles, but as a seafood restaurant, Conch Lady in fact processed sea animal parts and incorporated them into its mains.

They looked like mains, but were actually still seafood.

"Eat, everyone." Wang Zhen impatiently picked up a fat squid tentacle with his chopsticks and shoved it into his mouth. His face shone with pleasure; it was so good that he didn't want to say anything at all.

This was a combination of the freshest ingredients; the chefs had been urgently dispatched from the city center after Sun Rong's driver Old Li had informed the restaurant that she was coming, so naturally, their skills were beyond question.

They ate over ten plates of seafood, yet the boys actually weren't full. Since cultivators consumed more energy, they naturally had bigger appetites. Only Li Youyue, Sun Rong and Liu Qingyi put down their chopsticks; girls needed to maintain their figures, and eating until they were half-full was fine.

"Are there any more dishes coming?"

"Yes, there's still a crunchy fried deep sea giant crispy fish."

"Deep sea giant crispy fish?"

"It's a kind of deep sea spirit fish that's very big and which feeds on crispy noodle snacks to survive," Li Youyue explained.

Hearing this, Wang Ling suddenly felt his spirits lift.

"Feeds on crispy noodle snacks..." Everyone was petrified. When they heard this, they felt that they were still inexperienced. The world was indeed full of extraordinary things; who would have thought that there would actually be a fish in the vast ocean which had the same taste as Wang Ling! It was crazy!

...

Friday, November 14th.

That morning, an air immortal warship shaped like a spirit sword was moored on Number 60 High's sports field. Relying on the repulsive force generated between magnetic spirit stones and the underground spirit veins, it used magnetic power to hover in the air, and the captain piloting the ship didn't have to use the slightest bit of spirit energy to steer it.

This sort of air immortal warship in fact wasn't rare. Air immortal warships like this one, which relied on magnetic spirit stones, were used all over the world. Given its high performance capability, low energy consumption, and the fact that it was environmentally friendly, it was prized by every country. As long as the underground spirit veins still existed, these air immortal warships would be able to operate eternally.

The warship moored on Number 60 High's sports field was in fact the small-scale air immortal warship dispatched by Jinghua city's Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools; the Alliance had clearly spared no effort to ensure that all participating high school students would arrive by the stipulated time.

"Picked up by a magnetic-powered air immortal warship - this is too good!"

"My god, such fancy treatment! I'm jealous!"

"I've decided: from now on, I'm going to become a lemon person! If our school team doesn't get into the top sixty schools, I'll be the first to turn into a Warwick1 and slaughter them!"

1(A monster character in LOL..) The crowd of spectating students who lined the corridors of Number 60 High chatted among themselves as they looked enviously at Wang Ling and the others, who were on the sports field.

"Who knows how the competition works?"

"I heard that they'll report in at five this afternoon, which is then followed by the first elimination report."

"The elimination starts today?"

"There are 102 high schools, of course they have to cut down the numbers. Otherwise, it'll be a mess when they're dropped onto Nine Dragon Mountain."

Everyone was whispering and talking to one another in the corridors.

On the other side, Wang Ling and the others had packed lightly and were ready to go into battle. They formed a neat and tidy row, with Headmaster Chen in the lead at the front of the line. The supporting teacher for the team this time was still Lao Gudong, while San Yuan had also joined the Number 60 High team as the security advisor.

He had made this decision last night; in any case, he was still on break and had a lot of time to spare, so he wanted to tag along as a spectator for this spectacular competition.

Mainly, San Yuan was genuinely curious to know if Number 60 High could truly go as far as he had predicted...

They were clearly just a group of Foundation Establishment high school students, but looking at the row of ten people in front of him, a strange feeling came over San Yuan.

He felt that there were some people in this line who could send him off to see Buddha with one punch...

But San Yuan was aware that this was probably just his mistaken impression.

They were just a bunch of Foundation Establishment high school students - how could it be possible?





Chapter 1129 Powerful Outside Help


The small air immortal warship could hold up to fifty people at one time. After the Number 60 High delegation boarded, Wang Ling instantly had a bad feeling when he saw that the warship had yet to take off.

Roughly ten minutes later, the school guard Old Li led another delegation of ten people, who were wearing luxurious school uniforms, to the sports field - now, everyone had assembled.

Everyone from Number 60 High was looking out the window, and Chen Chao and Guo Hao suddenly got a little excited. "It's Number 59 High!"

Number 60 High and Number 59 High could now be considered old acquaintances. As with Number 60 High, the headmaster of Number 59 High had also personally come. Seeing the familiar figure of Headmaster Jin from Number 59 High, it was as if Wang Ling was back at the spirit sword exchange meet which had been held not long ago last semester.

It was Number 60 High who had won the exchange meet then.

But the exchange meet also brought Number 59 High and Number 60 High closer together. In addition, Number 60 High's promotion as a key city high school candidate had been a special exception, which didn't affect Number 59 High's path to promotion at all. Now that they were on the same air immortal warship, this could be said to be the perfect picture of a happy reunion.

Wang Ling privately felt that this was fated somehow.

Everyone knew that Headmaster Chen and Headmaster Jin were from the same sect. Now, they were both headmasters who were leading the students under them to participate in a national competition... Such a harmonious situation was really moving.

The first person from Number 59 High to board was He Bufeng.

Senior Buliang, who had been taught a lesson by Wang Ling before, had now completely turned over a new leaf - not only had he shaved off his shamate hairstyle in favor of a crew cut, he was also wearing a pair of reading glasses to perfect his intellectual aura.

He Bufeng truly reflected the saying "the clothes make the man." Although he had been held back in school, he was evidently performing well in all respects after turning over a new leaf. Otherwise, he wouldn't have been invited to be a member of the delegation.

As the saying went, "a fault confessed is already half-redressed." The students of Number 60 High were somewhat astonished to see the tremendous changes in He Bufeng's hairstyle and temperament; even Wang Ling almost didn't recognize him.

To Wang Ling's horror, He Bufeng made a beeline for him as soon as he boarded the warship...

Wang Ling had deliberately looked for a seat at the back, which gave him a sense of security. Everyone from Number 60 High knew his personality, so none of them crowded him. The air immortal warship was very spacious, and one person could occupy two seats. It would be too hot if they all sat together!

So it was very clear that He Bufeng was headed toward Wang Ling...

"May I... sit here, please?" The others were astonished when He Bufeng opened his mouth. This polite manner left everyone from Number 60 High speechless for a moment.

Before Wang Ling could answer, He Bufeng had already thanked him. "Thank you!"

He then directly sat down next to Wang Ling.

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ling had nothing to say.

He Bufeng, who had initially turned into a black cat to tease Wang Ling, had turned back into his original, buck naked form in broad daylight thanks to Wang Ling's King's Eye. Now, He Bufeng was sitting next to him. Wang Ling felt that this could be considered karma... ah, what an ill-fated relationship!

But He Bufeng shouldn't have any evil intentions. From what Wang Ling could tell, the only thing He Bufeng felt toward him now... was the slight suspicion that Wang Ling was a very strong person...

In short, it would be better to be a little more vigilant around this guy.

But now, He Bufeng's attitude was more like... that of a fan?

Wang Ling's mind spun with wild thoughts.

He looked calmly out the window and pretended to ignore He Bufeng, but he had already clearly grasped He Bufeng's attitude.

In addition to He Bufeng, the other four members of Number 59 High's fixed five-member group had also come: they were Tang Jingze and the three brothers of the Liang family, Liang Wei, Liang Zheng and Liang Fei. As for the remaining five people, Wang Ling didn't know them very well; even after searching his memories, he felt that they were all unfamiliar, and he hadn't seen them at the previous spirit sword exchange meet.

After the students of Number 59 High boarded the immortal warship, the scene quickly turned lively.

This was mainly because the two schools were now on friendlier terms. Tang Jingze came to Number 60 High to visit the student union for exchange activities sometimes, so the atmosphere among the students of the two schools on the warship was even better than expected, and so harmonious that even the two headmasters felt it was somewhat miraculous.

"Senior brother, are we going to form an alliance this time?" Headmaster Jin was the first to ask after boarding.

"Does junior brother think it's going to be tricky?" Headmaster Chen raised his eyebrows. He was all too clear on his junior brother's character; the latter absolutely wouldn't open his mouth to suggest that they form an alliance unless he really had to.

The truth was that Headmaster Jin was also moved when he saw how friendly the two schools were.

Although, the two schools were also fundamentally in a competitive relationship...

"It'll be safer that way." Headmaster Jin pursed his lips and turned away. "Heh, if you don't want to, then forget it!"

Headmaster Chen smiled. "I didn't say no."

He had often teased this junior brother of his when they were at school together. It had been so many years since they graduated, and both of them were now headmasters, but he felt that his junior brother hadn't changed at all, and was still a damn tsundere.

"Alright, then! We'll draw up a contract later!" Headmaster Jin said.

"A contract? So formal?"

"Of course!" Headmaster Jin replied. "After our students enter the battlefield and both sides run into each other, they should spare no effort to help one other out. We'll set the sixth day of the survival contest as the deadline. The contract will be voided on the seventh day, and we can compete like normal then."

"I'm fine with that."

The suggestion made Headmaster Chen smile. An alliance was certainly a good thing, but he was still somewhat skeptical about Number 59 High's fighting strength. "I specialized in support studies back then, which was an unconventional pathway. Junior brother, you took the more orthodox route. Listening to you talk, it seems that you're confident Number 59 High will be able to survive?"

"Well..."

Headmaster Jin hemmed and hawed. "It seems that there are some unfamiliar faces among the students whom you've selected this time."

Speaking up to this point, both the headmasters smiled in tacit understanding.

"Did junior brother also look for outside help?"

"Not exactly; these children are very good, and have already become students of our Number 59 High."

"Where did you poach them from?"

"Tianshi Imperial High School."

"..." Headmaster Chen was a little surprised. It wasn't as if he had never heard of this school.

Of all the cultivation high schools, this was the first choice for children of high-ranking officials and aristocrats in Jinghua city. Fang Xing had transferred from this school to Number 60 High.

It was the fact that Number 59 High was actually able to poach students from Tianshi Imperial High School which Headmaster Chen found incredible.





Chapter 1130 Tianshi Imperial High School


Fang Xing had transferred from Tianshi Imperial High School, but Headmaster Chen didn't know much about the school.

Tianshi Imperial High School, Imperial High for short.

Imperial High had given birth to numerous talented people throughout the generations, and was the first choice of cultivation high schools for the children of Jinghua dignitaries. However, Tianshi Imperial High School wasn't participating in the national body technique competition this time, which was a relief to the many high schools that were fighting for a place on the rankings.

If Tianshi Imperial High School took part, it would at least rank in the top four.

"Given Imperial High's reputation, there's no need for it to rely on this sort of national competition to make a name for itself. This is a dangerous event, and I'm guessing that some of the leaders didn't want their children to participate, so the school didn't sign up for it," Headmaster Jin said.

"You haven't told me; how did you poach them?"

"Imperial High has some special admission students every year who don't have to pay the tuition fee. If their grades and rankings drop in the first semester, they won't be able to enjoy the welfare benefit of free tuition the following year. These few came over because they couldn't afford the tuition fee," Headmaster Jin whispered.

Headmaster Chen raised his eyebrows and instantly understood.

He gazed at the few students from Imperial High. Although they had already transferred out, each of them still carried imposing momentum and had the aura of a prodigy.

The competition at Imperial High was extremely fierce. While they might have switched schools because their grades had dropped and they couldn't afford the full tuition fee, they were essentially still very outstanding.

As for why they had chosen Number 59 High, given Headmaster Chen's understanding of his junior brother, it was likely that Headmaster Jin had used his silver tongue and personally run over to poach these people... There was no one better than his junior brother at this.

Headmaster Jin: "When we get there, I'll pull in some other schools into our alliance. We have to fight for the top 50 at the very least!"

"..."

Hearing this, Headmaster Chen and San Yuan, who was on the side, couldn't help but mutter derisively -"The top 50... You aren't ambitious enough!"

...

At about one in the afternoon, the air immortal warship landed at the Nine Dragon camp earmarked by the Alliance of Ten Thousand Cultivation Schools. Several air immortal warships from other districts were already parked in the camp's large parking bay. Although Number 60 High and Number 59 High had arrived four hours ahead of time, they weren't the first to arrive.

Wang Ling looked around the camp and scanned the surrounding terrain with his King's Eye. The place had already been locked down, and except for the students participating in the competition, teachers, and staff responsible for maintaining order, there was no one staff member who was being idle. People from the Immortal Arts Mobile Squadron had even been dispatched to set up multiple defense lines outside the camp, and all vehicles passing through the camp had to undergo strict inspections.

The security precautions put in place for the national body technique competition this time were top notch. There were one thousand students from all over the country taking part; protecting the students was always the number one priority.

Of course, there was in fact another very important reason — the competition venue this time was Nine Dragon Mountain, which wasn't just any scenic region.

The legendary heavenly vein master valve was located here. President Qi and his teacher Huang Feng had seen through the plot behind the theft of Dark Ancestor Xie Sanxiao's skull a while ago, so naturally, security had been tightened for the national competition this time.

Thus, while Wang Ling and the rest had arrived beforehand, they weren't idle. Those who arrived first would be checked first, and no one could escape.

Wang Ling stood with the others in line, and very soon, a team of men in crimson Dao robes and who were arranged in an orderly immortal sword formation flew over from a distance.

Chen Chao couldn't contain his excitement. "It's Nine Dragon Mountain's resident special forces!"

Someone asked, "Resident special forces?"

"Each person in the resident special forces has a remarkable history and is a talent who has been carefully selected. Any one of them could be a captain in Magnificent Immortal," Chen Chao explained. "But the resident special forces aren't found everywhere. I heard that the spirit vein under Nine Dragon Mountain is very complex, so there is a resident special force team here which guards the vein all year round to prevent it from being plundered."

Hearing this, everyone instantly understood. These students from all over the country were awed by the heroic bearing of the Nine Dragon Mountain resident special forces. They gradually started to realize how much importance the Alliance of Ten Thousand Cultivation Schools had placed on this national competition.

Even the resident special forces had been assigned to maintain security. They simply couldn't be any more handsome!

Wang Ling and the others didn't wait long in the queue. These members of the resident special forces in crimson Dao robes first broke into pairs and started to set up an array in the rather empty encampment.

They carved cryptic and indecipherable runes into the ground one by one, and then stood on both sides of the array to skillfully make hand seals in a calm and composed manner. They were so handsome that no one could take their eyes off them.

"It's the Star Relocation Array!"

In the final moment before the array was completed, some of the more knowledgeable students were finally able to recognize what it was.

It was the Star Relocation Array! It was a teleportation array that could instantly teleport a building!

With a flash of splendid light, a pagoda-like building instantly appeared in the empty encampment. This pagoda would be where everyone would spend the first night.

A lot of the students present thought it was strange, however - after the resident special forces used the array to pull this pagoda over, they didn't do anything more, so the students stayed put and waited.

A few minutes later, a team of doctors in white robes slowly emerged from the base of the pagoda. One doctor who looked a little older stepped forward and finally gave Wang Ling and the others their first instructions since landing. "The Nine Dragon Pagoda will open at 5pm sharp. During this period, everyone is expected to line up at the door in an orderly manner to first go through an individual routine inspection."

The old doctor then pointed to two huge tents that had been set up nearby. "For the time being, you won't be divided according to schools for the inspection. Please line up according to gender: Boys queue in front of the tent on the left, and girls in front of the tent on the right. Wait for your number to be called."

What was this? A physical examination?

Many people didn't understand, since nothing like this had been mentioned in the itinerary that the schools had sent out.

But this was an official request, so everyone could only obey.

The truth was that this wasn't so much a physical examination as a verification of identity. There were a large number of students participating in this competition. In the previous military drill for six schools, that Old Devil had snuck in as a student, and President Qi and his Teacher Huang couldn't guarantee that some mole wouldn't appear in the national competition this time.

So there was nothing wrong with being a little more cautious.

The boys were divided into groups of five.

Wang Ling, Wang Zhen, Chen Chao, Guo Hao and Gu Shunzhi were in one group.

Once they entered the tent, Wang Ling saw the old doctor who had been responsible for giving out the instructions.

The old doctor looked them up and down, then calmly said, "Now, everyone take off your clothes, except for your underwear."

Wang Ling: "..."

It wasn't like Wang Ling had never gone through a physical exam before, but this was the first time he had to bare himself in front of other people.

At that moment, Wang Ling wondered if he should knead his body a little before he undressed in order to create a little bit of flab; he would be rather conspicuous if his physique was too good.





Chapter 1131 Wang Ling's School Record


It seemed like a very simple examination, but it was in fact profoundly complicated. The old doctor held up a Dao disc with a mirror on it and murmured an incantation. The disc swiftly projected a beam of light which scanned the five people in front of it.

This was an anti-terrorism Dao disc. This light beam had harvesting and storage capabilities, and could instantly extract the sweat from a person's body as well as any spirit energy molecules that were left on the skin, which would ultimately be run through a large database for identity verification.

Moreover, this beam emitted by the disc didn't just have the ability to "collect," but also actually had the ability to "reveal monsters"- the disc would clearly detect if someone was trying to use transfiguration or shapeshifting to slip through.

Bathed in the beam's light, Chen Chao, Guo Hao and the rest were all secretly apprehensive. Even an anti-terrorism disc was used... They felt that the competition this time was really strict! From beginning to end, it felt like there was a really tight lid on everything!

By the time Wang Ling and the others got dressed again, the results of the inspection were already out.

Identity has been verified! ✓

Confirmed that there is no transfiguration or shapeshifting! ✓

Confirmed that there are no stimulants in the body! ✓

Confirmed that there are no magic treasures hidden on the body! ✓

Confirmed that there are no cheats! ✓

...

After the group examination was over, the old doctor in charge of the session stamped and signed each person's report, and then it was over.

The old doctor, who had the air of an immortal, distributed the reports with a flick of his sleeve into the right hands. He then pointed to the screen behind him. "Your first round of inspection is over. Go behind the screen for the second round."

"There's more?"

Chen Chao was surprised.

"The first round was just to verify your identity. The second is to inspect your respective records." The old doctor said, "If you have a criminal record, your movements will be significantly restricted during this competition, and you will receive extra supervision."

Chen Chao: "Criminal record?"

The others were also puzzled.

But the old doctor didn't answer Chen Chao's question. There was no way he could explain it to every single person. More and more students had gathered at the Nine Dragon camp by now, and all the inspections had to be completed by five o'clock.

Puzzled, Wang Ling and the others behind him walked toward the second screen, only to see a familiar person as soon as they stepped behind it.

Zhuo Yi was the chief inspector for the second round.

He had already sensed his shifu's aura in the first round. Now, Wang Ling saw Zhuo Yi, who naturally, beamed at him.

The master and disciple didn't need to say any unnecessary words; at that very moment, they shared a tacit understanding.

"Senior Zhuo!" After Chen Chao and the others saw Zhuo Yi, their initially tense nerves gradually relaxed. Zhuo Yi was the pride of Number 60 High. As long as he was around, any student from Number 60 High couldn't help straightening their backs and sticking out their chests.

Furthermore, Guo Hao had also gotten hold of very reliable gossip that when Number 60 High was refurbished, the old stone sculpture at the school gate would be replaced with a life-sized statue of Zhuo Yi in order to encourage all the students of Number 60 High to learn from him!

Zhuo Yi smiled apologetically. "You should call me Commander Zhuo here."

"Yes!" Chen Chao the others nodded cheerfully. This sort of friendly behavior certainly wouldn't look good in public.

But everyone was still quite confused about the inspection of their records.

They couldn't help but think back to when several high schools had gone to Beast King's Remains. There had been criminals who had tried to disrupt the activity back then, so no one could say for sure that there wouldn't be anyone who would come to stir up trouble again this time.

This was just what Chen Chao was thinking, and he hadn't gotten to the point yet of validating it.

Of course, Zhuo Yi had heard some whispers. He wasn't just the chief inspector for the second round of inspections this time; he was also responsible for security in one part of the competition.

Naturally, it wasn't convenient for him to disclose the details, since he had signed a nondisclosure agreement.

Students generally wouldn't have a criminal record, but the standards for the activity this time were very high. It naturally went without saying that everything would be rigorously inspected. This 'criminal record' wasn't a record in the ordinary sense. Even if it wasn't recorded down as a crime, all cases on school grounds counted, such as cheating in exams, school violence, organized bullying, forming factions, shaking down juniors for money, and so on.

Zhuo Yi was only responsible for the inspection; whether or not a student would be monitored during the competition if they had a criminal record largely depended on how serious the circumstance was.

This round had been added into the competition after discussion by a panel of experts, who felt that students who had committed offenses before would be more easily used by criminals, so the extra supervision was necessary.

But the students who could take part in the national body technique competition this time were the elites of various major schools, and were Senior One students as well. Theoretically speaking, there shouldn't be any problems, but there were always exceptions in this world.

For example, word had recently spread about a high school student named Zha Tuotuo from the famous cultivation school Wind Devil High School who hit his girlfriend1. This was a rare case, but it was an utter shock for society.

1(From a case where a man with the Weibo handle Tuotuo's Wind Devil Sect was found to have violently abused his girlfriend.) This inspection round started with everyone taking out their IDs so that Zhuo Yi could check their records via the public security and school systems.

Gu Shunzhi, Zhen Yuan, Wang Zhen... All of them had just transferred to the school and had blank records. It was Zhuo Yi and Lord Thunder who had helped create identities for these three on Earth, but even then, they still had to go through the process.

When it was Chen Chao's and Guo Hao's turns, Zhuo Yi finally no longer saw blank records, although what was noted down wasn't much.

Zhuo Yi couldn't help laughing when he saw the record on file. "Student Chen Chao, you get up very early every morning."

Chen Chao laughed along insincerely. "Getting up early... is very normal! I take great pains not to be late for school!"

"Is it to not be late for school, or to copy homework?" Zhuo Yi asked.

Chen Chao was surprised. "You can also suss that out..."

"If you don't want anyone to know what you did, don't do it," Zhuo Yi said. He then turned to look at Guo Hao. "Also, Student Guo Hao, please don't act so dangerously when you copy homework. It's really very dangerous to copy homework with a pen stuck in your nose!"

Guo Hao: "..."

Their main offenses were waking up early to copy homework and some cheating at dictation; these were all small issues, which far from required extra supervision.

After checking the two boys' files, Zhuo Yi typed in Wang Ling's ID number.

He had specially left Wang Ling for last.

Who was Wang Ling?

He was Zhuo Yi's shifu. How could there possibly be a problem?

In the end, when Zhuo Yi opened Wang Ling's file, the dense words in it almost made him faint in front of everyone.

"Wow! So many notes?"

The surrounding examiners thought that they had caught something big, and gathered around curiously for a look.

The only thing written in Wang Ling's file was:

This year, April 3rd, Student Wang Ling secretly ate crispy noodle snacks in class...

This year, April 4th, Student Wang Ling secretly ate crispy noodle snacks in class...

This year, April 5th, Student Wang Ling secretly ate crispy noodle snacks in class...

...

Today, Friday November 14th, Student Wang Ling secretly ate crispy noodle snacks while boarding the air immortal warship...

...

Everyone: "..."





Chapter 1132 The First Elimination Round


As the saying went, "If you don't want people to know what you did, don't do it."

No one could have expected these minor issues to actually be recorded in their school files. Of course, these were the school's internal records, which generally wouldn't be made public. Besides, only trivial things were recorded, and the students' background data wouldn't be directly included in their files. If people really wanted to know more, they could only get the secret key for the files from the schools themselves for a look.

Moreover, most of these trivial notes were usually written by the teacher-in-charge.

Each person's teacher-in-charge had eyes. Wang Ling sat at the back of the class, and naturally, had experienced this for himself; during the countless times that he had eaten crispy noodle snacks on the sly, he had seen Teacher Pan looking at him through the back window...

But Teacher Pan had never really stopped him. This was the stage when youngsters were growing. Studying also consumed brain cells, and students sneakily eating a little during class was very normal. As long as the teacher who was teaching didn't catch them, it was fine.

But Wang Ling didn't expect his eating on the sly to actually be recorded in such detail... It could only be said, as a teaching pioneer and a double gold-class teacher of Number 60 High, as expected of Teacher Pan.

After the second inspection round, Wang Ling and the others went through a third round of inspections before the entire thing could be considered over.

It was far stricter than they could ever have imagined.

Chen Chao remembered that when they had gone to Beast King's Remains before, the only thing that had been used was a special magnet to collect electronic devices and magic treasures; it had been far less strict and heavily guarded.

"I guess the Dark Network could be plotting something again... that's why it's so tense." Chen Chao thought nothing of it when he said this, but everyone around him suddenly became nervous.

Wang Ling was well aware of this attribute of Chen Chao's. Plus, he had used his Mind-Reading Ability to learn a few things from Zhuo Yi.

Everything stemmed from the theft of Dark Ancestor Xie Sanxiao's skull. Furthermore, Huaxiu Alliance speculated that the mastermind behind this incident was trying to draw on this Dark Ancestor's strength to act against the heavenly vein master valve that was under Nine Dragon Mountain.

Moreover, this matter could in fact also be related to the black shadow army...

Wang Ling himself speculated that the leader of the black shadow army and the mastermind behind the theft should be the same person.

The other party had a miraculous ability to resurrect the dead. It was because of this tricky ability that the Dark Network, which had already suffered multiple losses at the hands of the authorities, might borrow this strength to take revenge.

Last time in Beast King's Remains, several experts of the Dark Network had been caught one after another: Myriad Faces Old Man, Bloody Butterfly, and Lord Anxiang who cast the "Cells At Work Spell"... One by one, they had been arrested, and were currently waiting to be punished according to the law.

After putting everything together, a bad feeling sprouted in Wang Ling's heart...

...

More and more students from around the country arrived on air immortal warships at the Nine Dragon camp. Everyone lined up neatly for the inspection under the direction of dozens of resident special force soldiers in red clothes, who maintained order.

After the inspection, Wang Ling and the other students were divided according to school and district, and gathered together in neat square formations.

Wang Ling noticed that the number of special force soldiers in red had increased.

In fact, this current security arrangement was just the tip of the iceberg. Security for this entire competition, along with the team of doctors as well as the medical troops, had been deployed at the highest level; the Alliance of Ten Thousand Cultivation Schools had mobilized tens of thousands of people for this competition.

The number might seem like an exaggeration, but it was in fact a sign of the high priority which the Alliance of Ten Thousand Cultivation Schools placed on security. Nine Dragon Mountain's terrain was complex, and spanned a very large area. If students were to get lost here, they wouldn't be found right away if insufficient manpower was deployed for the search.

And in this sort of wild environment, once you were in danger, every minute counted.

The contestants were the future flowers of the cultivation world. It was for this reason that security measures had to be exhaustive, unlike a certain variety show which had severely neglected safety measures and caused the sudden death of a celebrity after a highly intense physical challenge1. The most infuriating was that the variety show had even dallied in the first four minutes after he collapsed, when he could still have been saved!

1(Reference to Godfrey Gao.) Roughly five minutes before 5pm, just before the pagoda opened, the last student to be examined came out of the tent.

Almost the moment the student returned to his group, the image of a familiar figure was projected into the sky by a magic treasure projector.

It was a face that Wang Ling was very familiar with... That was right, it was Lord Thunder himself!

The schedule and activities for this national body technique competition on Nine Dragon Mountain had also been jointly designed by the Alliance of Ten Thousand Cultivation Schools and the Office of Strategic Deception!

This wasn't a surprise to Wang Ling. Since becoming a True Venerated, Lord Thunder had had his finger in basically every pie. The Office of Strategic Deception's reputation had spread far and wide. As the first True Venerated cultivator as well as the leader of the number one sect in the world, Lord Thunder bore the heavy responsibility of building up the motherland. In addition to going out every now and then to maintain world peace, he also took some time out to go on variety shows and continue to spread the Office of Strategic Deception's fame.

The sect's growing fame wasn't entirely a bad thing for Wang Ling. At the very least, the Office of Strategic Deception now gave him extremely ample funds to buy crispy noodle snacks.

Wang Ling used his "Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch" clone to bear the title of leader of the snack team as well as head of the snack shop in the sect.

Lord Thunder's projection in the sky looked just like the real thing: he was sunny and dignified, and fully demonstrated the weight of the number one sect; the many students present were able to witness the elegant demeanor of the first True Venerated cultivator in the world for themselves.

This projection hadn't been pre-recorded, but was broadcast live. Hence, the moment Lord Thunder's image was projected out, he saw Wang Ling in the crowd at one glance, and was extremely happy.

"Wow! Is the first True Venerated Cultivator really so amiable?"

"This is my first time seeing this Great Death-Courting Senior!"

The students talked among themselves in the square formations.

Meanwhile, Lord Thunder began to announce how the first elimination round would work. "Welcome to Nine Dragon camp. The first elimination round is called: Climb the pagoda! You need to climb the pagoda's 700,000 steps in a set amount of time!"

Many students were already a little scared. "700,000 steps..."

"In addition, the competition has limited funds, so accommodation is limited. There are only four hundred rooms on the top floor, so in addition to climbing to the top, you also need to compete for rooms to ensure that you qualify for the next round. The rooms are all doubles, so there must be two individuals in a room in order for you to qualify," Lord Thunder said.

Saying this, Lord Thunder then said with a benevolent smile, "Then, let the first round officially begin."

As soon as he said the words, the thirty-two doors on the ground floor of the Nine Dragon Pagoda, which faced the students in all directions, opened...





Chapter 1133 Titan High School, Zhu Hanyun


With four hundred rooms at the top of the pagoda, that meant that two hundred participants would be directly knocked out in this first elimination round, which was equivalent to the number of people from twenty schools. This didn't mean that schools would be completely wiped out in the first round for sure, but what was certain was that some schools would lose some of their participants.

And with smaller teams, these schools would find it very hard to pass the second round.

It went without saying that a united front was very important.

But after the doors of the pagoda opened in all directions, these future flowers of the cultivation world, who were from all over the nation, clearly didn't think too much; most of them chose to charge forward and fight! In that moment, people surged forward and used all sorts of techniques to rush toward the main doors at the bottom from all directions.

"What are you waiting for? We don't have time!" Seeing Wang Ling and the rest still rooted to the spot, the students from Number 59 High and Imperial High hurriedly prompted them, but the scene was truly too chaotic. Even if Number 59 High and Number 60 High were currently in an alliance, they currently weren't in a position to consider too much.

Even for Foundation Establishment students, climbing 700,000 steps would shave off half their lives... This sort of strenuous test was like fat college student shut-ins, who never exercised, suddenly being told that they had to run 1000 meters for a physical exam; just hearing it was stressful enough, and frightened everyone.

But no one wanted to be eliminated in the first round. After understanding how the elimination worked, most people decided to seize the upper hand. Since the Nine Dragon Pagoda had spiral staircases, only those who were the very first to charge forward could grab hold of the initial momentum.

At that very moment, the bottom of the pagoda was packed with people.

At the same time, however, Wang Ling also noticed that some high schools were similarly also observing the situation for the time being, and didn't move.

Number 1 Devil-Subduing High School, Balance Flame Middle School, South Sea Sky High School and Titan High School - these schools, which Headmaster Chen believed would be formidable opponents, were also observing the situation.

Naturally, striking first to gain the upper hand was a basic battle strategy, but this was a national competition. Participating in a competition like this often meant breaking out of your old way of thinking and starting from scratch again.

Number 60 High choosing to bide their time at this moment was actually in line with the strategic thinking that Headmaster Chen had emphasized at the very start: to observe more, think more, and act cautiously, rather than be like those students who charged out at the very front without thinking.

Using normal means to climb 700,000 steps would definitely be very draining. Furthermore, this was an ongoing activity - after today's elimination round, the real competition would start tomorrow. Thus, everyone wouldn't have much time to recover their strength.

So after Lord Thunder made the announcement, Number 60 High had already concluded that there definitely had to be a quicker way to climb to the pagoda; it was possible that there was a barrier at the bottom of the pagoda which led to the top.

"So, how are we going to go up?" asked Guo Hao.

"I think we shouldn't rush, and should observe for a while longer." To everyone's surprise, Chen Chao, who was known for being hot-blooded, was instead able to keep a cool head in this critical moment.

It was one of the important reasons why Headmaster Chen had chosen Chen Chao.

Chen Chao had entered Number 60 High on the strength of his sports talent. He had participated in many competitions, large and small. since young, and thus had encountered plenty of situations. He had also participated in national competitions before, and a national-level contestant like this was exactly what the team needed — he could step forward in a crucial moment to analyze the situation based on his previous competition experience.

While Number 60 High was discussing the matter, some students from Titan High School had already made their move.

Climbing staircases would actually be quite painful for them, because they were too heavy. If there was a mishap while they were climbing the stairs and they tumbled down, the people behind them would also be done for.

Clearly, the students from Titan High School had also considered this, and out of the goodness of their hearts, hadn't joined the battle from the very beginning.

Titan High School's uniform was very idiosyncratic: It was made completely out of fur, and the shoulders were studded with the teeth of spirit beasts. The uniform also had a thick fur collar, just like the mink fur coats of the people in the north.

"Let's get started." At that moment, a young man with a lollipop in his mouth walked to the front; this was the captain of Titan High School's team, Zhu Hanyun. Although he looked like he had a normal physique, he was in fact very heavy. Using his King's Eye, Wang Ling estimated that the other party already weighed five thousand jin.

To be able to reach five thousand jin in Senior Grade One was proof that he had already cultivated the Titan Art to the fourth level at the very least; he was indeed a one-in-a-million talent.

Despite his massive weight, the ground didn't tremble at all as he walked; it was amazing how he could pass for a regular person.

Walking to the very front, he casually stretched out his arms and called out lightly.

Everyone saw his arms actually start to contract like a spring. He then looked at the cute girl behind him and smiled. "Junior sister, you come up first."

It was obvious that this wasn't the first time the Titan High students were doing this. The little junior sister caught his meaning, and she walked to the front. However, her gait was far from as steady as Zhu Hanyun's, and the ground shook violently as she walked.

"Senior brother, is this really ok?" Some of the other Titan High School students came over to help the little junior sister up so that she was finally perched on his contracting arms.

"No problem, junior sister. I'm going to fire!" When Zhu Hanyun called out, two more students came forward and arranged themselves behind him as they bent forward and braced against his back.

Zhu Hanyun then started counting down from three.

Three...

Two...

One!

Bang!

Zhu Hanyun's arms erupted with the deafening sound of a missile blast, and everyone around him staggered at the fierce shock wave. The little junior sister who had been standing on Zhu Hanyun's arms was sent flying like a cannonball.

In everyone's eyes, this little junior sister looked a lot like a meteor shooting upward in broad daylight, and they were dumbstruck.

A few minutes later, a deafening blast could be heard from the top of Nine Dragon Pagoda, which was followed by quite a number of broken tiles falling from the air and smashing on the ground below.

It was obvious that this little junior sister had already reached the top of Nine Dragon Pagoda.

With one cannon blast, Zhu Hanyun had sent his little junior sister to the finish line!

But it wasn't over yet; Zhu Hanyun smiled at the other junior brothers and sisters behind him. "Quick! Next!"

Zhu Hanyun excitedly got ready for the second shot.

On the other hand, the heads of the teachers who were invigilating were already drenched in sweat.

They had no doubt at all now that the students from Titan High School could reach the top.

But the problem was that if this bunch climbed the pagoda this way...

Nine Dragon Pagoda might be reduced to a sieve...





Chapter 1134 The First Team To Qualify


Such a rough way of climbing the pagoda dumbfounded the surrounding crowd. The students who were already climbing the stairs looked out the window and saw a meteor streak upward past them, which was then followed by the sound of a huge explosion at the top. Everyone had completely stunned expressions on their faces.

"The hell? What was that?!"

"The hell? A human cannonball?"

"It's Titan High... This... So they can fly that far?"

"It was definitely Zhu Hanyun who did it... He's the only Titan High Senior One student in this competition who's a warship!"

Many suddenly realized that they had underestimated the strength of Titan High's warship students. Zhu Hanyun was the only warship student in his team, and had sufficiently shocked everyone here. This was still only the strength of a warship student. If there were students participating in this battle who cultivated the Titan Art and had reached the aircraft carrier level, did everyone else still even stand a chance?

While everyone was still feeling amazed, Zhu Hanyun, who had turned himself into a barbette, had already launched a second person, his junior brother.

Like the junior sister earlier, the junior brother had the momentum of a fiery meteor crossing mountains, oceans and vast multitudes, as he directly leapt over the entire 700,000 steps to accurately land at the very top of the pagoda.

The students who were still climbing the stairs were petrified. Even the teachers in charge of maintaining order as well as the dispatched resident special forces marveled.

Not only did Zhu Hanyun have explosive power, he also had pinpoint accuracy: the junior brother who had been fired out went right through the hole created by the junior sister's collision.

His explosive power, shooting angle and accuracy were all flawless.

As one of the hottest contenders for the championship, Titan High revealed its astonishing strength in the first round.

"This is a little over the top..." Chen Chao and Guo Hao shivered as they stared at the Titan High students as if they were monsters.

For a moment, both of them were a little disheartened. Zhu Hanyun's refined skills here were in fact an act of psychological warfare. Titan High had a very distinctive character, and so did Devil-Subduing High and Balance Flame Middle School. In contrast, Chen Chao and Guo Hao felt that their Number 60 High didn't seem that great.

The "study of spirit swords" was initially one of Number 60 High's defining characteristics, but it still remained to be seen if they could use spirit swords in this body technique competition. The support spells from Headmaster Chen also paled in comparison.

At that moment, Guo Hao even wondered if Number 60 High would be able to survive the first round.

After Zhu Hanyun sent his junior brothers and sisters to the top one after another, everyone saw his legs start to contract like springs, and with a resounding explosion, he also sent himself to the top.

This was an unexpected situation. No one had thought that Titan High's hulking students would conversely be the first team to qualify, with all their members surviving the first round.

"It's our turn."

At that moment, the students of Devil-Subduing High suddenly stepped forward.

Their black school uniforms were especially eye-catching and instinctively deterred people from approaching them.

"The person leading them is Gao Tianming; he's Devil-Subduing High's captain this time," Guo Hao said as he gazed at the tall, thin boy standing at the very front of the Devil-Subduing High group.

As his full name suggested, Gao Tianming was very tall1. He was nearly three meters tall, and was like a walking giant in the crowd.

1(His name literally translates to "high dawn.") "Why is he so tall?" Chen Chao was a little astonished. Height was largely determined by genetics. Chen Chao was only about 1.75 meters tall now, but boys could still grow a little more at this stage. Maybe by the time he was in Senior Three, he would be able to join the 180-meter club?

Although he expected to grow taller himself, Chen Chao thought that Gao Tianming's height was a bit too much. When this guy looked for a girlfriend, how tall would she have to be? Otherwise, he would have to squat down to kiss her. How tiring that would be!

Not only would it be tiring, he would look very funny.

At that moment, Gao Tianming was at the very front. After the Devil-Subduing High students waited for a moment, spirit power abruptly burst out at the top of the pagoda, like ripples from a stone thrown into a lake.

What happened?

The students who were climbing the stairs were surprised as they felt the pressure from the spirit power above them.

"It's an array." At that moment, Sun Rong had seen something. "And it's probably a teleportation array..."

She squinted, but couldn't see very clearly. Nevertheless, she was able to make a guess based on just the runes along the edge of the array as well as her own experience and intuition.

Standing at the front of the Devil-Subduing High team, Gao Tianming was clearly a little stunned when he heard this, and he sized up Sun Rong out of the corner of his eye, before stepping forward with the group of junior brothers and sisters behind him.

A teleportation array had also been set up in front of the group at some point, which was connected to the array at the top of the pagoda.

Devil-Subduing High School became the second team to qualify by directly using a teleportation array.

"???" For one moment, the surrounding students were dumbfounded.

A lot of them didn't understand. "How did Devil-Subduing High manage to set up a teleportation array at the top?"

Someone speculated, "They must have used the puppet technique. At least one person in Titan High has come under their control. After Titan High went up, they set the stage for Devil-Subduing High, which took advantage of it to reach the top."

For a moment, there was a hubbub of discussion, and some of the students who were still climbing the stairs felt the pressure.

They hadn't even climbed 50,000 steps, and two high schools had already qualified for the second round ahead of everyone else.

"They're too strong... How can we keep up?"

"Don't give up. It's only the first round. When it comes to the real battle for survival, there will be all sorts of restrictions. Also, I think we should hurry up and talk to everyone about forming an alliance to cripple these strong schools as much as possible, or we won't stand a chance."

Plenty of the students on the pagoda stairs were feeling extremely apprehensive after seeing how powerful Titan High and Devil-Subduing High were.

A lot of them didn't forget to look for allies as they climbed the steps, and discussed joining forces.

"It's our turn now," Sun Rong took a deep breath and said.

"What's the plan?" Chen Chao asked.

"I've thought up a way that'll save us effort." Sun Rong said, "I can send us up with Mysterious Sea's water column, but the distance is a little far, and my spiritual energy alone might not be enough, so we'll need to work together... But this is the first time I'm trying this. If the ten of us together don't have enough spiritual energy, there's a chance we might fail and fall midway."

"Is it that bad..."

"It's fine, just listen to the class monitor." Gu Shunzhi smiled at that moment.

Sun Rong clearly didn't realize that Wang Zhen, Liu Qingyi, Gu Shunzhi, Zhenyuan... were like universal-grade nuclear-powered motors...

Sending everyone to Mars wouldn't be a problem, let alone the top of the pagoda!

And besides these people, even less needed to be said about Wang Ling...

His spirit power reserves could send Mysterious Sea's water column around the universe several times over...





Chapter 1135 Mysterious Sea's Appearance


Sun Rong's ability to control her spirit sword had already reached perfection, to the point that she could regularly open up a sword spirit space as well as summon her sword spirit even if her sword wasn't with her.

Sun Rong was the only person in Number 60 High's elite stream who already had a sword spirit. This was what everyone currently understood... Of course, this knowledge obviously didn't take Wang Ling and the others into account.

Sun Rong planned to summon Mysterious Sea to send them up in a column of water, so she definitely had to summon Mysterious Sea's true sword spirit form.

And this would actually be everyone's first time seeing Mysterious Sea's appearance.

"Has anyone ever seen Classmate Sun Rong's sword spirit?" Li Youyue asked curiously.

Mysterious Sea... It sounded like the name of an uncle, but a sword spirit took after its master, and its specific appearance was based on what its master preferred.

Could it be that Classmate Sun Rong was actually a secret uncle fan?

Li Youyue didn't think it was impossible.

In an era bursting with fresh young meat, a lot of girls were actually tired of male stars with fair faces, high nose bridges, straight eyebrows and double eyelids. Conversely, the suave uncle look was even more attractive!

But everyone else also had their own ideas about what Mysterious Sea looked like.

Guo Hao: "I haven't seen Mysterious Sea either, but it shouldn't have dead fish eyes, right?"

Hearing this, Wang Ling's eyelids twitched violently, as he felt that there was something implied in the words.

Sun Rong deliberately kept them guessing. She closed her eyes and began the summoning in earnest. Like everyone said, she had never revealed Mysterious Sea's real appearance in public, and had sometimes even gotten Mysterious Sea to disguise itself for its own protection.

But this was a national event, and so many people were watching. Sun Rong felt that there was no longer any need to hide.

She was the captain of the team this time. In the face of the initial show of strength by Zhu Hanyun, captain of Titan High, and Gao Tianming, captain of Devil-Subduing High, she naturally wouldn't admit defeat easily.

In terms of momentum at least, she wouldn't be the first to lose!

"Boundless sea, eastward tide..." The incantation was followed by a ray of blue light that started to glow behind Sun Rong.

For a moment, it was as if everyone could smell the salty scent of the rolling sea; it really was as if they were next to the sea and could vaguely hear the sound of the rolling waves.

The teachers maintaining order on the field noticed the activity here and were astonished.

A Foundation Establishment student had actually produced a sword spirit?

It was unfathomable to them. Moreover, judging from the aura, this sword spirit clearly hadn't been formed recently; this was an old sword spirit with a very "mature" aura.

It was very easy to discern whether a sword spirit was a newborn or not; a newly conceived sword spirit was just like a newborn baby, and would give off a "milky" scent.

Mysterious Sea didn't have this scent.

After the blue light glowed for a while, a girl in a sea-blue dress fell from the sky; even her hair was dark blue with silver streaks, and she radiated a youthful vitality.

Looking at Mysterious Sea's appearance, everyone was enlightened.

So, Mysterious Sea's true form was that of a magical girl?

This was a reasonable outcome. After all, Mysterious Sea had been conceived early, and Sun Rong hadn't been very old at that time. The magical girl transformation was something every girl had probably imagined at one point in their childhood. Looking at Mysterious Sea's appearance, Wang Ling instantly recalled the very nostalgic "Clow Cards."

It was something that people of Wang Ling's age would remember from their childhood, at least.

"Then, next, please lend me your spiritual energy, everyone!" Sun Rong smiled. The two girls, Liu Qingyi and Li Youyue, were the first to step forward and grab her hands. One after another, each of the boys put their hand on the shoulder of the person in front of them.

This was in fact the pose that two chuuni kids who read wuxia novels would act out to pass strength to each other, which was also indescribably nostalgic.

Chen Chao felt a little bashful. He put one hand on Li Youyue's right shoulder and covered his face with the other.

"Everybody, stand firm." After a few moments of preparation, Sun Rong repeated the incantation again. Tremendous waves of spirit power burst forth from Mysterious Sea, and a huge column of water bubbled up like a fountain under the feet of the Number 60 High students.

And then, boom! With a loud bang, a huge column of water shot into the sky!

"It worked!" Sun Rong was thrilled! She had thought that the combined spiritual energy of ten people might not be enough, and had never expected it to be so effective!

Soon, Number 60 High's water column also drew the gazes of countless people. The students climbing the stairs were attracted by the water column... and then were horrified.

"WTF? Which high school is this? The school uniform is so ugly! It even has the word 'ELITE' on the back..."

"Why does it look like Number 60 High?" Someone tried to make out the figures of the Number 60 High group who flew past the window.

"You're right, it's Number 60 High! That's where Zhuo Yi graduated from! But I remember that their overall ranking isn't very high. How can they be this amazing?" Someone was puzzled.

All the students on the stairs made "lemon1" sounds.

1(Sour and jealous.) Someone scoffed. "Amazing? Their captain is Sun Rong; she's the only one who's slightly more amazing. The rest don't look like much. They still can't compare with Titan High and Devil-Subduing High."

Some people snorted disdainfully.

Because Number 60 High's overall ranking wasn't high, the students who were still climbing the stairs absolutely refused to admit that Number 60 High could surpass them.

Number 60 High?

How could it?

A cultivation high school that wasn't even a key city high school...

But no matter how sour they felt, facts were facts, and they felt very helpless. Number 60 High was a dark horse no one had expected. No one could imagine that a high school which had always ranked last in the district ranking would actually stand out in the first round of a national competition.

Just then, there was another loud bang in the air!

It was followed by a violent shock wave which almost caused some of the students climbing the stairs to fall.

"Now what?" someone asked uncomprehendingly.

"It's Titan High! And Devil-Subduing High! It looks like they're attacking Number 60 High!"

Hearing this, everybody turned their eyes to the window, and poked their necks out to look at the top.

It seemed that the two schools that had been the first to reach the top really were attacking Number 60 High, which was charging upward.

A dazzling array of spirit lights glowed at the top, and a wave of attack spells were aimed right at Number 60 High's ascending column of water!





Chapter 1136 Mutual Probing


Wang Ling had long anticipated that the people from Titan High and Demon-Subduing High would attack them midway; this was in fact the tactical plan which the headmasters of the two schools had separately come up with to deal with Number 60 High.

Theoretically, a cultivation school with a mediocre overall ranking like Number 60 High wouldn't be a target of hot favorites like Demon-Subduing High and Titan High. When it came to picking a strategy, however, students from both schools ultimately listened to their headmasters' advice.

As an old acquaintance Number 60 High's Headmaster Chen Tianxiang, Number 1 Demon-Subduing High's Headmaster Li Qingxi had formulated a focused and detailed strategy, which included ways to suppress Number 60 High School in the first elimination round.

While Number 60 High was currently being disrupted by Demon-Subduing High and Titan High, it was clear that the two schools had yet to truly join forces.

This was evident in the spells cast; almost all the students from both schools were acting on their own, and there wasn't any sense of cooperation at all.

Spirit power bombs and fireballs were thrown non-stop at Number 60 High's water column, and Mysterious Sea created a water shield to block or change the trajectory of the spells.

The truth was that Sun Rong had already long been on guard against a combined attack from both schools. However, she realized that it would be hard for her to maintain their current situation by relying on just Mysterious Sea's strength alone.

"This bunch is really..."

As the team leader, Sun Rong was naturally anxious; two hot favorite schools attacking them together was really bullying them!

Wang Ling was going to take some action.

It was actually a simple situation; he simply needed to cast a rebound field, and it would be fine.

But Fang Xing didn't give Wang Ling any chance to act at all.

Fang Xing twisted his neck a little, and some sparkling and translucent snake scales that were almost invisible to the naked eye instantly fell off his body; this was the magical treasure which he had inherited from True Immortal She Pi. The scales moved unusually fast and charged to the front to block the combined attack of the two schools, practically sending all the balls of magic flying.

This time, it was Titan High's Zhu Hanyun and Demon-Subduing High's Gao Tianming to be astonished.

Number 60 High was indeed tougher than they had imagined.

The most important point was that they couldn't figure out how the spells had been sent flying.

Mysterious Sea's power alone wasn't enough to resist the combined attack of the two schools!

...

At that moment, the headmasters of the various schools and the people primarily in charge of this event had gathered in an egg-shaped building not far from Nine Dragon Pagoda.

This was a temporary operations command center.

The chief commander this time was one of the Ten Generals, President Qi.

And the deputy commander was his shifu and Chief Protector of the heavenly vein under Nine Dragon Mountain, Huang Feng.

Although Old Huang wasn't one of the Ten Generals, everyone knew very well who he was

How could the shifu of one of the Ten Generals be an ordinary person?

What was more, Old Huang had been dispatched to watch over this event this time, which seemed to prove the rumor that had been going around lately — someone was going to try and disrupt this national competition, and attack the heavenly vein's main valve.

While the truth had yet to be confirmed —

Old Huang's appearance was already a clear answer.

As soon as Fang Xing acted, most of the headmasters could see the snake scales.

Since most of the headmasters present were top-notch Itinerant Immortal experts, it was impossible for them not to be able to see it.

"Who is this boy?" Huang Feng was quite curious as he gazed at the screen.

"Teacher, this is the child whom She Pi left behind back then," President Qi drew close and whispered.

"So it's him." Old Huang was instantly enlightened.

He had naturally heard of Fang Xing's story.

Back then, True Immortal She Pi had given birth to a child in prison before he was executed, and that child was Fang Xing.

It had caused quite an uproar back then, and a number of people thought that Fang Xing should be disposed of alongside She Pi. Ultimately, however, he was left alive.

In the blink of an eye, he had already gotten so big, which made Huang Feng feel a little sorrowful.

A lot of people in fact didn't know the truth behind True Immortal She Pi's matter. Now that his biological son Fang Xing had appeared here, President Qi wasn't surprised if this drew opposition.

As expected, after President Qi told Huang Feng who Fang Xing was, a number of headmasters in the back voiced their objections.

"True Immortal She Pi's child? Why is he allowed to participate? How could this have been approved?"

"True Immortal She Pi was the Old Devil's disciple! The big villain back then!"

"Silence."

President Qi cleared his throat.

After a moment, Old Huang said unhurriedly, "Don't bring up this matter again. Since Student Fang has been allowed to participate, this is enough to prove that he has already passed every round of investigation. Furthermore, my understanding is that Student Fang has been under Huaxiu Alliance's strict surveillance since young. If you are questioning this now, does that mean that you want to slap the face of the Huaxiu Alliance?"

The command center instantly fell dead silent.

When Old Huang said this, the headmasters in the back knew that they had spoken out of turn. One by one, they shut up obediently, and didn't utter another word.

...

On the other side, the students of Demon-Subduing High and Titan High finally gave up on their fierce attack when they saw that Number 60 High was about to reach the top, but they made baffled noises.

"Strange — why do I feel like there was an extra force resisting us?" Gao Tianming murmured. He gazed downward, and couldn't put his finger on the odd feeling he had.

"It turns out this team from Number 60 High has other talents besides Sun Rong; the rest of them are also tricky to deal with." At that moment, a young man from Demon-Subduing High stepped forward and said, "Right now, we still don't know who's stronger."

He coolly analyzed the situation. "There are four transfer students in Number 60 High's team this time. There's no background information on them, and they might be hidden experts. As for the other members, the brawny fellow is a sports student, whose family runs a body technique dojo. He's taken part in major competitions before, but it seems that he's never won; people call him Forever Number 2.

"There's a fatty called Guo Hao, whose family runs a pet shop. I heard he has a parrot that's very hard to deal with, but I haven't seen it so far. I'm guessing, however, that it can be summoned with a psychic technique."

"How about the others?"

"I don't know much about Xia Ming. There was a rumor about him and Sun Rong not long ago. The one with the ponytail is Li Youyue; her family runs a restaurant, and she's the class monitor of Elite Class Two in Number 60 High. Fang Xing is also in Class Two, and he transferred to Number 60 High in Senior Grade One. His family runs a noodle shop."

After Number 1 Demon-Subduing High School went through all the information, everyone felt that there were all sorts of strange people on Number 60 High's team, but none of them seemed to be experts in particular.

If they had any real doubts, it would be about those four transfer students.

After this analysis, Gao Tianming took a deep breath, and finally turned his gaze toward Wang Ling. "Then that one with the dead fish eyes..."

"Oh, I've seen this person before; I remember him," answered the young man. "He's been in all the competitions that Number 60 High took part in. I heard that he's their mascot; he shouldn't be a big problem."

"I see." Gao Tianming nodded his head, and gradually calmed down.





Chapter 1137 A Strange Night


Number 60 High didn't forget about their alliance with Number 59 High. After they reached the top, they drew a teleportation array, and summoned the students from Number 59 High who had been at the bottom.

"Why is it just the few of you?" Chen Chao asked as he looked at Tang Jingze, He Bufeng and some other familiar faces in the teleportation array.

"Those transfer students from Imperial High ran too fast..." He Bufeng fell silent.

Those transfer students were new, but while they were quite strong, they clearly hadn't completely integrated with the group. The moment the whistle sounded, they didn't follow the plan at all, and followed the fervent crowd in climbing the stairs! This had directly led to Number 59 High being short of four members at the top of the pagoda...

But He Bufeng didn't think it was a big problem overall. It wasn't like these Imperial High students weren't strong; it was unlikely that they would be knocked out in the first round.

Just like that, Number 59 High's and Number 60 High's mediocre rankings actually went up.

In addition, no one had expected Number 60 High to be the third team to qualify with all their members.

Such fierce momentum was astonishing. Those who arrived at the top first naturally had priority in choosing rooms, but there was a problem for Number 60 High. These were all double rooms, and according to the rules, only after two participants checked into a room together would they qualify for the second round.

But the problem which Number 60 High faced was that there were ten of them and five rooms, but there were three girls... Did one guy and one girl have to share a room?

That might cause a misunderstanding.

Fortunately, Number 59 High also faced the same problem.

"What's the arrangement?" asked Li Youyue.

He Bufeng thought for a while, then said, "We also have three girls, but two are from Imperial High, who are still climbing their way up... How about one of you girls share with our female team member?"

After saying that, he pushed forward a girl with short hair that was dyed yellow and whose fierce expression looked a little terrifying. "Let me introduce you to my younger cousin, He Chun. She might look like a guy, but she's actually a girl."

After He Bufeng said that, He Chun directly punched him in the stomach.

Then, He Bufeng coughed up blood!

It trickled down from the corners of his lips...

"Are... are you alright..."

"It's fine, I'm used to it." Whenever and wherever, the gentle smile on the face of the rehabilitated He Bufeng remained the same.

Everyone: "..."

On Number 60 High's end, Sun Rong and Li Youyue were worried.

He Chun was too brash, and gave off the air of a female delinquent. It would be a little scary to stay with her.

In the end, however, the problem of dorm assignments was resolved happily.

Li Youyue and Sun Rong shared one room.

And... Liu Qingyi and He Chun shared another.

It was Liu Qingyi who had proposed it.

Of course, there was a condition — Sun Rong agreed to give Liu Qingyi a platinum member's card for the Conch Lady restaurant chain, which would give her a twenty percent discount.

To Liu Qingyi, there was no better bargain than this at this point in time.

Wang Zhen was green with envy on the side; he also wanted a discount card!

And so, he howled at He Chun, "How about I sleep with you?!"

He was instantly punched in the stomach...

But this time, it was He Bufeng who punched him.

After being a delinquent for so long, there were times when it was still a conditioned reflex. However, Wang Zhen indeed hadn't been punched in a while. After all, this guy had taken regular beatings growing up; plus, there was a frivolous air about him.

In the end, Wang Zhen was the odd one out on Number 59 High's side, and he wound up sharing a room with He Bufeng.

He Bufeng's reason was that he was worried that Wang Zhen had indecent designs on his little sister.

This reason could be said to be utterly irrefutable, and no one present could dispute it.

In the end, the dorm assignments on the boys' side were: Wang Ling and Fang Xing.

Gu Shunzhi and Zhenyuan.

Chen Chao and Guo Hao.

Tang Jingze and Xia Ming.

But Number 59 High was still waiting for the four Imperial High transfer students, and while the rooms had already been assigned, they still needed to go occupy the rooms first, just in case.

And so, after the two schools discussed it, Wang Ling, He Bufeng, Wang Zhen and Chen Chao were sent to occupy the rooms.

Sitting in the room by himself at that moment, Wang Ling seemed unbearably lonely...

However, he had a strong feeling that this first elimination round wasn't that simple.

...

At 10.32pm, after the last student checked into the dorm, the list of participants who had qualified in the first round was announced.

Everyone from Number 59 High and Number 60 High had advanced, and no one had been eliminated, which was a good thing.

However, the really nerve-racking segment had yet to start — the second elimination round would begin at 1am!

In other words, most of the participants, especially the students who had climbed the stairs, basically didn't even have time to rest!

Having just completed such intense exercise, they had less than two hours to rest. For a time, there was the sound of numerous complaints.

"There's so little time! They really don't treat us as human beings!"

"Being a student is still good — it's after you graduate from university when life gets really hard. Do you know what it means to 'graduate from one of China's top 985 universities, work 996 hours, get fired at 35 years old, be detained for 251 days, and your legal rights 404'ed...'" Someone brought up this topic which had been trending online recently, and revolved around an employee who applied for severance pay with his company before leaving his job, only to be charged with extortion once the company gave him the payout1.

1(Refers to the backlash against Huawei after a former employee the company accused of extortion was acquitted.) And then, that was it...

This employee was jailed for 251 days before he was acquitted, and received one hundred thousand in compensation from the state.

The whole story probably wasn't as simple as it seemed, as it involved a complicated network of interests. However, the arrogance of these sorts of large enterprises, which had been built on the support of their customers, had already left a deep impression on the people.

When they thought about it carefully now, the happiest was still to be a student.

There was no more time to complain; there was still a second elimination round at 1am, and the real competition would officially start at eight tomorrow morning.

No one knew the specific details of the second elimination round.

They heard that Lord Thunder would announce it at 1am.

Wang Ling waited in the room as time passed, and he was quite satisfied with Fang Xing's unexpected silence. This was a worthwhile roommate; even if he did sneak glances at Wang Ling from time to time, at least he didn't bother him.

At around five to one, Wang Ling pricked his ears when a girl screamed in the hallway.

Many people were alarmed by the shriek. They opened their doors to see a boy from Titan High lying in a pool of blood and a girl crying as she held him. "Everyone, help me. My senior brother really is going to die!"

Everyone gathered round as she sobbed, and had a clear look at the dead boy's face.

Zhu Hanyun?!

How could it be him???

A lot of them covered their mouths in stunned shock.





Chapter 1138 The Second Elimination Round


Zhu Hanyun was dead. No one had expected something like this to actually happen when such strict precautions had been taken for this national cultivation high school body technique competition.

Hadn't they been assured at the very beginning that everyone would be safe?

Seeing Zhu Hanyun lying in a pool of blood, all the students had panicked expressions on their faces.

It wasn't just anyone who had died, but an expert - it was Zhu Hanyun! Titan High's team leader! A man who, by his strength alone, had directly hurled all his fellow brothers and sisters past 700,000 steps to the top of the pagoda!

There were more and more onlookers now. The surrounding students were seized by intense panic, and listening to the grief-stricken cries of the little junior sister from Titan High, they were suddenly at a loss, and didn't know what to do.

"Get a teacher! Hurry up and save him!" someone said calmly at that moment.

"He's already beyond saving."

At that moment, an extremely tall boy crouched down and confirmed that Zhu Hanyun was dead. "There appears to be no external wounds. The bleeding from his stomach is probably a spillover from the massive bleeding caused by his spirit root breaking inside his dantian."

"He's really dead..." Everyone was panic-stricken.

When a person died during a competition, everyone's first reaction was naturally to look for a teacher to take charge of the situation. However, the students who ran out to find a teacher quickly noticed something unusual.

"The windows are locked! And it looks like a forbidden array was set up and our spirit energy is restricted! We can't get out at all! The hole from earlier has also been filled up!" someone screamed.

This referred to the large hole which Zhu Hanyun had smashed open when he had been throwing people to the top of the pagoda.

But while the students had been resting in their rooms, the hole had been completely filled up. In other words, they had no way of letting the teachers outside know of the current situation here.

"What should we do?"

"Someone's died during this competition; can we even continue?"

"This is Zhu Hanyun! If the murderer is among us, and attacks, who would be their match?"

"And it's already after 2am. Didn't they say that they would announce the second elimination round now?"

At that moment, the crowd buzzed with discussion as everyone expressed their own opinions.

"Calm down first, everyone."

At that moment, Gu Shunzhi stepped forward. "Everyone, calm down. Maybe the second round has already started."

Everyone: "???"

What did he mean that it had already started?

"Normally, if someone really has died, it would be impossible for the teachers not to notice, unless Zhu Hanyun's death was already planned earlier on." Gu Shunzhi calmly analyzed the situation. He had in fact already picked up on something, but he couldn't reveal it outright, and so tried to lead them in the right direction.

"Maybe the rule of the second elimination round is for us to find Zhu Hanyun's murderer."

When everyone heard this, they were struck with realization. However, looking at where Zhu Han's body, which was still warm, lay on the ground, they all sucked in deep breaths.

If this was the assessment for the second elimination round, it really was too cruel... They had actually killed a person???

At that moment, Number 1 Demon-Subduing High's team leader Gao Tianming spoke up again. "This person isn't Zhu Hanyun."

Not Zhu Hanyun? What did he mean?

The crowd was a bit confused.

"Zhu Hanyun cultivates the Titan Art, and has long reached a weight of five thousand jin. However, the Zhu Hanyun who's lying on the ground now..." With one hand, Gao Tianming easily flipped the body over. "As you can see, his body is very light."

In light of this situation, Gao Tianming had already thought of a possibility, but just as he was about to share his guess -

On the other side, Gu Shunzhi abruptly said first, "Construction Spell."

After Gu Shunzhi said that, Gao Tianming shot him a glance.

Everyone knew that this was one of Number 60 High's transfer students. No one knew his background, but it was obvious that he wasn't an ordinary person.

The Construction Spell was a relatively advanced spell which one usually only came across in university.

Thus, Gao Tianming kept silent and started to listen carefully to Gu Shunzhi's explanation; he wanted to hear what Gu Shunzhi had to say.

But after being the one to open his mouth first, Gu Shunzhi felt that he had jumped the gun, and shouldn't have spoken up so quickly.

This was in fact an occupational disease.

As the keeper of order for the universe, there were a lot of things that he had to investigate, which naturally included some odd cases. Thus, Gu Shunzhi had vast experience in deducing cases. In addition to this, he had actually already seen traces of the Construction Spell on Zhu Hanyun's "body" before it was turned over.

But since he had already spoken, there was no need for him to go on pretending too much.

Gu Shunzhi could only continue and say, "The Construction Spell is a combined spirit and space spell. Space spells are rare, but the Construction Spell is actually the simplest of them all.

"It can transform spirit energy into an image in the spiritual world, and then project a material form that can essentially be touched, and which usually will gradually disappear in five hours.

"Nowadays, this spell is commonly used in film production in the cultivation world, and almost every props manager has to learn it since it not only saves on cost, but also on the time spent on creating props.

"In short, the body we're looking at now isn't really Zhu Hanyun's - it's just a prop that was created with the Construction Spell. However, we still need to find the real Zhu Hanyun."

"Are you saying that Zhu Hanyun isn't dead? Then why do we need to look for him? He might just be playing a prank on us!" someone said at that moment.

"That can't be the case." Gu Shunzhi shook his head. "You can't create something out of nothing with the Construction Spell. For example, those prop managers have to study pictures of what they want to create first before they use the Construction Spell, or model it on the real thing.

"Therefore, Zhu Hanyun might not really be dead, but he is indeed lying in a pool of blood somewhere - this, we know for sure!"

After Gu Shunzhi said that, the atmosphere, which had already calmed down, tensed up again.

But the problem they faced now was that in order to find the "murderer" who had hidden the real Zhu Hanyun, and thus pass this round, they had to check everyone's alibis one by one.

Apart from the missing Zhu Hanyun, there were still seven hundred and ninety nine students; trying to collect all their alibis clearly wasn't realistic.

Thus, Gu Shunzhi decided to use a particular method of exclusion. "Now, those with friends who can provide mutual alibis, raise your hands. Also, perception-type students, please step forward. We now need to work together to pass this round."

Why was he looking for perception-type students?

The answer was actually very simple.

After cultivators used spells, there would definitely be some spirit energy molecules left on their hands. This was from the spillover of spirit energy molecules, and there would often be residue on the hands that would gradually dissipate in thirty minutes.

These perception-type students just needed to check each person, and would be able to very quickly narrow down this large group of people.

Whoever had performed magic in the last thirty minutes would be suspected of having used the Construction Spell!





Chapter 1139 Narrowing Down The Scope


At the same time, all the headmasters in the command center were also discussing the "murder" that had taken place in Nine Dragon Pagoda, because this wasn't what the second elimination match was supposed to be. According to the original plan, a limited number of pearls would be left on the 700,000 steps for the second match, and those who managed to grab a pearl would move on to the next round.

Now, the rules for the elimination match had changed, and a student had been harmed. The headmasters present were naturally anxious. The most agitated of them all was Liu Tian, headmaster of Titan High.

"President Qi... If the body lying there was created with the Construction Spell, then where is our school's Zhu Hanyun now?" Liu Tian had been in the dark all this time, and he plucked up the courage to ask President Qi the question.

"Headmaster Liu, rest assured, Student Zhu is now very safe and under protection. Besides, the rule for this round is that as long as the killer is caught, everyone can qualify for the next round. It's just that the murderer is still lurking among the students, which will test their deduction skills. Now, we can only wait and see. If we act rashly, it will only alert the enemy," President Qi said.

The headmasters present were still baffled by this explanation.

After hearing President Qi's words, however, their uneasy hearts relaxed somewhat.

It seemed that this was a plan the higher-ups had put in place earlier on. In that case, it naturally wasn't proper for them to inquire too deeply into it.

Sitting at the back of the conference hall, the headmasters gazed at the images being broadcasted from Nine Dragon Pagoda on the big screen in front of them; for a period of time, each of them was lost in their own thoughts.

At that moment, a slip of the tongue would be their downfall. As headmasters, they should rack their own brains to decipher the higher-ups' objective rather than ask outright.

"Old Chen, what are your thoughts?" Sitting on the other side, Headmaster Li Qingxi of Number 1 Devil-Subduing High stared at the screen and smiled slightly, as if he had already picked up on something.

"Why are you asking me, Headmaster Li, when you already have the answer?" Number 60 High's Headmaster Chen chuckled and said, "Your school's Gao Tianming is really good, and he's the captain of the team this time as well. It looks like he's your prized student."

"Gao Tianming is indeed a promising seedling. After he graduates from high school, I'm planning to personally visit his place and accept him as my disciple." Hearing Headmaster Chen's praise, Headmaster Li Qingxi was instantly full of pride.

It was only when he came back to his senses that he realized that this wily old fox Chen Tianxiang hadn't answered his question, so he asked again, "Old Chen, don't change the subject. Tell me what you think. I want to see if your thoughts are the same as mine!"

This sort of behavior was a little like two top students comparing answers after an exam.

As the star support player back in the day, Headmaster Chen's view of the general situation and his understanding of the overall setup far surpassed that of the other headmasters, which was also the reason why Headmaster Li Qingxi insisted on knowing his opinion.

Zhu Hanyun's "death" was clearly a situation that had been arranged by the higher-ups; furthermore, it was clearly targeted at someone in particular.

Naturally, they couldn't draw a conclusion purely based on just what they were seeing, but factoring in the first elimination round, Headmaster Chen suddenly had a wild thought.

There were so many ways to test the students, but why had the higher-ups insisted on having them climb 700,000 steps?

There was only one answer.

"Hypnosis." Finally, Headmaster Chen pointed out the "key" to the heart of the entire setup.

Hearing this, Headmaster Li Qingxi heaved a long sigh of relief in his heart.

They had pretty much the same conjecture.

There was no reason for the students to climb the 700,000 spiral steps other than to hypnotize all of them.

Of course, there were some students who hadn't been hypnotized.

They were the students of Number 1 Devil-Subduing High, Titan High, Balance Flame Middle School and Number 60 High. They had all used their own ways to reach the top without climbing the stairs.

For hypnosis to work, it often took special mental suggestions given in a specific environment. Besides, it wasn't easy to hypnotize hundreds of students in one go.

So this was something that probably had been arranged prior to the start of the competition.

As for those students who had directly reached the top in the first round without being hypnotized, Headmaster Chen speculated that they had probably been hypnotized individually through other means.

In short, everyone was clearly under hypnosis (except for Wang Ling, Wang Zhen, Liu Qingyi, Gu Shunzhi, Zhenyuan and Fang Xing, who were all faking it...).

Then what was the next step after hypnotizing so many students? As star support, Headmaster Chen naturally had his own guess. "Dream maker".

This was yet another keyword.

When he heard this, Li Qingxi was hugely relieved. "Sure enough!"

Their thoughts were a complete match at that moment.

Naturally, the next step after hypnotizing so many students was to construct a dreamscape! And there was only one person present who could do this! That was President Qi, who was known as Wisdom Saint!

So everything that everyone was seeing now was a fabrication!

It wasn't just Zhu Hanyun's corpse!

At present, all the eight hundred student participants in Nine Dragon Pagoda, including Zhu Hanyun himself, had in fact fallen into a dream after the first round!

...

On the other side, the investigation, led by Gu Shunzhi, was basically going well.

In the back, Wang Ling silently watched Gu Shunzhi work. At the same time, he was well aware that they were trapped in a setup by the officials.

All the students present were at the Foundation Establishment stage.

Cultivators had more stable mindsets than ordinary people, so hypnotizing them was a much more complicated procedure. The 700,000 steps were the key to directly hypnotizing the students so that they fell into the dream one by one.

As for Wang Ling and the other students who hadn't taken the stairs, President Qi had pretended to arrange room service for them afterward, and they were hypnotized individually.

Of course, the officials had no idea that this kind of hypnosis didn't work on Wang Ling.

A dream maker wasn't a rare profession in the current cultivation world, but in order to be able to trap so many people in the dream at the same time, this dream maker had to have strong mental powers.

In Wang Ming's absence, the only person capable of this was naturally President Qi.

At that moment, Wang Ling was silently watching Gu Shunzhi's performance.

After the first round of investigations, Gu Shunzhi had already ruled out nearly ninety percent of the students.

Of those that were left, the students from Number 1 Devil-Subduing High, Titan High, Balance Flame Middle School and South Sea Sky High were on the list of suspects.

"Explain: What were you doing before this?" Gu Shunzhi smiled gently as he stared at a boy from South Sea Sky High.

"Who are you? Why are you picking on us?" The boy was clearly unhappy that he was considered a suspect. He didn't know Gu Shunzhi's background, and at the same time, looked down on Number 60 High in his heart. A high school with an overall mediocre ranking was actually taking the lead in investigating this case? What right did they have?

"I hope you'll cooperate with the investigation; otherwise, it'll be very hard on you," Gu Shunzhi warned the boy softly. His voice wasn't loud, but shocking mental energy flooded the boy's mind.

This boy was stunned on the spot, and there was a loud buzzing in his head. He looked at Gu Shunzhi as if he were looking at a devil. In the end, he was so frightened that he started crying on the spot.

"..." Wang Ling sighed in the back.

Sure enough, Gu Shunzhi was still too young to set out on the road of staying low-key.

There were times when an initial show of strength was proper and necessary, but Gu Shunzhi had clearly gone a little overboard.

This group was following Wang Ling to learn from him... They wanted to learn how to keep a low profile, and to control their powers and grades, but it was obvious that there was still a long way to go.





Chapter 1140 Poor Zhu Hanyun


Under that huge mental pressure, the eyes of the boy from South Sea Sky High almost instantly turned red. His tears immediately gushed out and wouldn't stop, no matter what he did. Crying in front of so many people was indeed very embarrassing, but the boy was full of despair; he himself didn't know why Gu Shunzhi appeared so frightening and could glare him into crying.

But when he gradually calmed down and thought about how he had actually cried in front of so many people, he was immediately seized with heartfelt sorrow and cried even more wretchedly...

Gu Shunzhi realized he had overdone it, and immediately started to silently recite the Mind Calming Scripture, which he had developed himself, to help control the boy's mood.

This mental technique had a mystical "radiation" effect; as long as someone was using it, the people around them would calm down and then automatically enter "sage mode," and instantly delete all those dirty videos from their phones.

"Calm down a bit. We haven't confirmed yet that you're a suspect. We have to catch the murderer before we can move on to the next round, and we don't have much time left. If you aren't the murderer, then we need you to cooperate even more." Helpless, Gu Shunzhi could only comfort him.

What Gu Shunzhi had to do his best to learn now was to be patient. In fact, studying at Number 60 High with Wang Ling would be immensely helpful for his future "the only koi fish in the cultivation realm" mission.

As Gu Shunzhi stealthily activated the Mind Calming Scripture, the boy from South Sea Sky High finally calmed down.

He felt that what Gu Shunzhi said made sense; including him, there were still ten other suspects. Cooperating with the investigation was the quickest way to clear himself of suspicion and uncover the real murderer.

Seeing the boy wipe his tears, Gu Shunzhi used a gentle tone to guide him. "Tell us: what did you use magic for in the last thirty minutes?"

Gu Shunzhi had gathered the perception-type students together to use their abilities to pick out people who had used magic in the last thirty minutes, and he then ruled out those who could prove that they had used healing spells to treat their comrades.

The remaining ten suspects now had to clearly explain why they had used magic so that the timeline could be checked and they could be cleared of suspicion.

Thus, the boy whom Gu Shunzhi had frightened into crying started to speak. "My name is Nan Yixiu, and I'm a Senior Grade One student at South Sea Sky High. Before Zhu Hanyun's body was discovered, I used a perception spell."

"Perception spell?" Gu Shunzhi smiled slightly. "Can you be more specific?"

Nan Yixiu's face clearly turned red at this question, and everyone instantly understood... It seemed that this boy had used his perception magic for something embarrassing.

Nan Yixiu: "I actually didn't do anything bad... It was just that when I was gathering information, I suddenly got a little curious."

Gu Shunzhi smiled. "The only thing you can do right now is clarify the matter."

Nan Yixiu knew he couldn't escape this. "It's like this: It's very normal to gather information during a competition, right? This is our South Sea Sky High's advantage; we're well-known for our perception magic. So, I was thinking of looking around discreetly for information while everyone was resting. Then, I accidentally saw some female students..."

Everyone around him instantly let out "oh" sounds.

Many of the boys sighed inwardly over the convenience of perception magic - it could even save them time looking online, and directly broadcast a live show!

But Huaxiu Alliance actually had a lot of spell bans which applied to perception cultivators, and cultivator homes now were usually fitted with anti-intruder systems. In other words, if cultivators sent out mental feelers, they would trigger the alarm system.

Using perception to peep on others was illegal.

But during a competition... No one would get twisted up over such an issue; the most a person would suffer was moral condemnation for a while.

It was for this reason that a lot of the boys were filled with righteous indignation: How could you keep it to yourself?! Why didn't you bring me along?!

Nan Yixiu couldn't help flushing at all the fingers pointed at him. "I really was only probing for information to begin with, but I never thought that the students from Number 8 Jade Girls' High would be next door."

Gu Shunzhi: "Number 8 Jade Girls' High?"

At that moment, Gao Tianming, who had been watching all this time, suddenly spoke up. "It's a girls' school that's famous for cultivating the Jade Woman Heart Sutra. During dual cultivation, the sutra generates a powerful self-healing ability, which is Number 8 Jade Girls' High's advantage."

"Jade Woman Heart Sutra? Shouldn't this be cultivated between a man and a woman?"

"No, the technique has already been improved on so that two girls can also cultivate it without needing to draw on a guy's help. The cultivation method is the same - two people strip naked and lie one on the other."

Everyone: "..."

After Gao Tianming said this, Nan Yixiu's face turned even redder. He never expected to see such an erotic scene in his first intelligence probe.

His mind had been a mess, and Nan Yixiu said that he immediately dispelled evil thoughts and went out to cool his head.

"At the time, I just wanted to go out and cool down a little. You also know I'm not a peeping tom - I also wondered whether I should go next door to apologize." Nan Yixiu rubbed the back of his head in embarrassment.

Gu Shunzhi said, "Go on."

Nan Yixiu continued, "I never expected to see Zhu Hanyun lying on the floor when I left my room."

"You saw him on the floor as soon as you left your room?"

"That's right; I saw a person lying in front of a door in the distance. That door was shut tight, and I only knew it was Zhu Hanyun when I got closer. At the time, I thought he had a fight with his roommate and had decided to sleep outside."

"There wasn't any blood at the time?" Gu Shunzhi questioned him closely about the details.

"No blood." Nan Yixiu nodded his head and said.

Realization hit Gu Shunzhi.

If there had been no blood then, there was only one explanation — the Construction Spell had been cast when Zhu Hanyun was knocked unconscious. That was to say, when the Zhu Hanyun who was lying on the floor had been "constructed," he had only been unconscious. Now that he was lying in a pool of blood, someone had definitely attacked this Zhu Hanyun "stage prop" later.

At that moment, Nan Yixiu elaborated further. "I was so scared. At first, I was going to look for someone to find out what happened. But when I thought about how I was the first person to find Zhu Hanyun lying on the floor, I really wouldn't be able to explain it if I wound up being suspected of knocking him out — it would be very likely that I would be disqualified from the competition."

Gu Shunzhi raised his eyebrows. "So what did you do?"

"I used a Wood Transformation Spell to turn my right arm into wood. I then grabbed Zhu Hanyun by the throat and left behind some wood shavings to try and frame Number 1 Demon-Subduing High... Their school is good at using puppets, so leaving shavings behind would be normal." When Nan Yixiu said that, the students from Number 1 Demon-Subduing High were instantly infuriated.

"How vile!" A student from Number 1 Demon-Subduing High stepped forward and snorted disdainfully.

"Don't talk about other people, you're also a suspect." Gu Shunzhi looked at this young man. "Nan Yixiu's done explaining the situation. Let's hear it: what did you do?"

The young man curled his lip, but at a meaningful glance from Gao Tianming, finally decided to tell the truth. "When I got here, there was no one around Zhu Hanyun, and he wasn't bleeding either. But then I saw the wood shavings on his neck... I thought that someone from our school had quarreled with him and knocked him out, so I..."

"What did you do?" Everyone had started to become very curious.

"I used the Star Flame Spell to burn up the wood shavings, and tried to shift the blame to Balance Flame Middle School. After all, they're good at fireball spells. If there were burn marks on the body, they should be the first suspects... At the same time, all traces of the wood would be perfectly covered up."

Everyone: "..."

Gu Shunzhi: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Hearing that, practically everyone was stupefied.

In other words, this body of Zhu Hanyun's, which had been created with the Construction Spell, had already been grabbed by the throat and set on fire, but both incidents still couldn't explain where on earth the blood had come from...

Who the hell knew what Zhu Hanyun went through before he wound up lying in this pool of blood...





Chapter 1141 Nightmare Has Come


The questioning continued.

The next person who stepped forward was from Balance Flame Middle School.

"My name is Zhong Yunyi and I'm from Balance Flame Middle School... When I went out to go to the bathroom, I found this guy lying here, and it seemed that he had been hit by the Star Fire Spell. I had no idea who wanted to frame us, but after I went back and discussed it with my senior brother, we still decided to strike him."

Staring at Zhong Yunyi, Gu Shunzhi said, "Go on."

Classmate Zhong Yunyi confessed the truth. "While the Star Fire Spell can burn up the wood shavings, it can't cause fatal injuries. So, we quickly calculated the principle behind North Punch High School's Wick-Piercing Fist, and we punched Zhu Hanyun in the stomach."

Everyone was horrified. "..."

Nan Yixiu, who had been the first to confess, never expected each of the other guys after him to be more vicious than the next... To dare go that far...

The Wick-Piercing Fist was one of the basic martial arts of North Punch High School. A spirit root was like a cultivator's "candle wick," and the Wick-Piercing Fist was a fighting technique that could pierce and damage the spirit root. If a little too much power was used, it could be utterly fatal!

In a split second, Zhong Yunyi seemed even more suspicious.

But Zhong Yunyi had another explanation for the bleeding. "We did the calculations. Furthermore, all of us at Balance Flame Middle School just worked it out earlier for the sake of shifting the blame, so there's no way it can be exactly the same given the short amount of time we had. We only copied sixty to seventy percent of it, so the punch isn't that strong. We only planned to leave traces of the Wick-Piercing Fist and not kill Zhu Hanyun. There's also no way that the punch could cause his spirit root to bleed..."

While Zhong Yunyi's statement still couldn't completely dispel suspicions, Gu Shunzhi didn't think he was lying.

The group from Balance Flame Middle School were typical curve wreckers. They were the sort who would calculate the trajectory before throwing a fireball... If this group of people made a move, it would definitely only be after they'd done the precise calculations.

In other words, if Zhong Yunyi wasn't lying, then the bleeding spirit root had to be caused by someone trying to take advantage of the situation by attacking Zhong Yunyi on top of that punch.

After this final check, Gu Shunzhi finally fixed his gaze on someone that practically no one would have thought of.

"Young lady, you were the one who did it, weren't you?" Gu Shunzhi said at that moment, as he stared at the little junior sister who had been crying bitterly as she held Zhu Hanyun's body.

This was the junior sister whom Zhu Hanyun had thrown in the first round before. Everyone could tell at one glance that she and Zhu Hanyun had a very good relationship.

Thus, as soon as Gu Shunzhi came to this conclusion, a student from Titan High immediately stepped forward to defend her. "What rubbish are you saying? Junior Sister Ah Chun and senior brother have a great relationship!"

Gu Shunzhi learned that the junior sister who was crying bitterly was called Yan Xiaochun, "chun" meaning "pure." Indeed, she looked exactly as her name suggested, and had a completely harmless appearance. She clearly weighed over one thousand jin, but looked like a thin, fragile and pitiful kid.

But as the keeper of order, Gu Shunzhi had seen too many of these sorts of disguises... Nowadays, even the little girl who gave you orange juice might be a hypocrite, to say nothing of this "little junior sister."

And so, Gu Shunzhi smiled slightly and began to explain his conclusion. "There are several reasons for my suspicions.

"First, it was this Junior Sister Yan Xiaochun who was the first person at the crime scene. Zhong Yunyi of Balance Flame Middle School didn't cause any bleeding after using the imitation Wick-Piercing Fist. Thus, if Junior Sister Yan Xiaochun was the first person to find Zhu Hanyun, it would have been a good opportunity to deal another blow and shake the spirit root severely enough to cause internal bleeding.

"It's just that maybe even Junior Sister Yan Xiaochun herself didn't expect this senior brother to be fake. The real Zhu Hanyun had been replaced early on, and the person lying here now is a prop created with the Construction Spell. Moreover, the senior who cast the Construction Spell is clearly a veteran who is so skilled that the fake can almost pass for the real thing.

"I also asked the classmates from South Sea Sky High earlier to carefully sort out again the order in which everyone cast spells. I am now one hundred percent sure that Yan Xiaochun was the last person to cast a spell. The Wick-Piercing Fist is a martial art fist technique, but there will still be spirit energy left on the fist since the intent was to shake the spiritual root."

Gu Shunzhi said, "Junior Sister Yan, it's fine if you don't want to admit it, since based on the characteristics of the Wick-Piercing Fist, the spirit energy would have run through the dantian and hurt the spirit root when you used this move on your senior brother. In that case, the spirit energy molecules in your senior brother's body would have also stuck to you; this is the direct proof. As for Classmate Zhong of Balance Flame Middle School, he deliberately struck a glancing blow so that he wouldn't be tainted with Classmate Zhu's spirit energy."

Of course, all this was just speculation on Gu Shunzhi's part, but when he saw Junior Sister Yan Xiaochun's face turn ugly, he knew he was mostly right.

But so far, there was still one thing he hadn't yet figured out; he still didn't know what her motive was.

The last person one would have expected to attack had done so...

There could only be one explanation for this.

And that was that this Junior Sister Yan Xiaochun was a fake. It was possible that she was being controlled, or... she wasn't Yan Xiaochun herself!

Gu Shunzhi was in fact capable of verifying this.

But there were too many people here, and he was well aware that the teachers and headmasters outside were observing the situation here. If he made a move, he would definitely reveal his true strength.

Therefore, he could only continue to incite the crowd with words. "I know that all of you think that Junior Sister Yan Xiaochun could never kill her senior brother, but have you considered that this Junior Sister Yan Xiaochun might have already been replaced?"

Everyone here was smart. When Gu Shunzhi said this, the Titan High students who had just defended Junior Sister Yan Xiaochun earlier didn't say anything.

Because the possibility that she had been replaced wasn't unreasonable!

Yan Xiaochun was the first person whom Zhu Hanyun had launched, and the first to reach the top!

It was quite a number of minutes before the second person was launched!

Who knew what happened in that span of time?

...

For a long moment, there was silence.

Junior Sister Yan Xiaochun's head hung very low, but she had stopped crying altogether.

Now that she had been exposed like that, there was naturally no need for her to hide.

Everyone's eyes shook at the frightful scene that happened next.

Before everyone's eyes, Junior Sister Yan Xiaochun's scalp actually split open! A frightening ghostly hand covered densely in evil runes stretched out of her body, and there was the sound of a cold laugh. "I really underestimated you brats..."

A powerful aura...

Gu Shunzhi narrowed his eyes.

He had been right; this wasn't the real Yan Xiaochun.

Two ghostly claws were followed by an immaterial body which rushed out of Yan Xiaochun's body. All the lights in the entire corridor went out in an instant!

Nightmare had come!





Chapter 1142 Wang Ling: It's Too Hard!


Screams rang out in the dark as most of the students saw all sorts of nightmares appear before them. These were nightmares that had jerked them out of deep sleep before; now, it was as if the nightmares were playing on loop in their minds, like old photo reels.

Soon, many people began to have trouble breathing as they turned pale. Chen Chao, Guo Hao and Sun Rong... Without exception, they all fell to the floor.

There was a tremendous pressure in the air around them, and soon they started feeling like they were suffocating! They started to twitch all over and couldn't breathe!

"It's over."

In the dark, a pair of bloodshot red eyes glowed faintly with a cold light. They belonged to an immaterial spirit body, and the voice reverberated in everyone's minds like a nightmare.

"Nightmare, the Dark Network's number one before Ultimate King of Killers back then - as expected, you're alive!" At this point, President Qi's voice suddenly rang out in the corridor.

He appeared in a white robe, and gazing at the twitching children on the ground, he sighed softly. "I wanted to catch you, but I underestimated your ruthlessness. I never thought you wouldn't let even these kids go..."

"I wasn't planning to make a move yet, since it would disrupt our master plan. If you want to blame anyone, blame these students for being too smart! They were actually able to see through me..." Nightmare's aged, slightly hoarse voice rang out; even just listening to it was very uncomfortable.

"Why did you attack Zhu Hanyun..."

"Based on the plan, Titan High was the first school I was going to take down. Zhu Hanyun is their captain, so since I had the opportunity, it was naturally best if I got rid of him first. I stuck close to the students who were climbing the stairs and moved around among them so that you wouldn't detect me," Nightmare said.

Take down Titan High first?

President Qi picked up this piece of information from Nightmare's words.

Logically speaking, Titan High shouldn't be anything significant for top Dark Network experts like Nightmare. Now that Nightmare had said that he was targeting the students of Titan High first, the only possibility President Qi could think of was that Nightmare and his master behind the scenes were worried that Titan High's "Meatball Tank" technique would severely damage the terrain around Nine Dragon Mountain... and to some extent, affect the location which they had determined the main valve of the heavenly vein to be in.

Sure enough, this group was after the main valve.

"Where is Dark Ancestor Xie Sanxiao now?" President Qi asked as he stared at Nightmare.

Nightmare was clearly startled by this question, but he very quickly sneered. "As expected of the Ten Founding Generals' Wisdom Saint. General Qi, you really live up to your extraordinary reputation... But instead of worrying about His Excellency Dark Ancestor, you should be thinking about how to save your students here."

Nightmare jabbered on. "You carefully selected so many students from all over the country to participate in this body technique competition. They're supposed to be the outstanding individuals of the young generation in the cultivator world right now. What a pity that due to your negligence, I've killed them all. As the commander in chief of this competition, you won't be able to avoid this blame. How can your Huaxiu Alliance be trusted in the future?"

"Ho ho, I never thought that after being dead for so long, Mr Nightmare would come back to life with a glibber tongue than I expected."

President Qi also laughed. "My teacher and I already guessed what your plan was a long time ago. We knew that you would try something during the national body technique competition on Nine Dragon Mountain, yet the competition went ahead as planned. Given how intelligent you are, Mr Nightmare, you should be able to guess the reason for it, shouldn't you?"

"Are you saying... this is a trap?"

Nightmare's eyes darkened and he bellowed in disbelief, "That's impossible! Look at these children falling to the floor one by one! They're twitching! They've all fallen into my Nightmare Cycle Spell, and are silently choking to death! There is no chance of them coming back to life!"

"Nightmare Cycle Spell... This indeed is one of the techniques that Mr Nightmare was famous for."

President Qi said, "Mr Nightmare has such a renowned reputation, how can I not know of this technique? On the other hand, since I'm already aware of it, I should naturally guard against it. Do you know why I prepared these 700,000 spiral steps?"

President Qi brought up the key point of this test.

After hearing the words "spiral steps," Nightmare instantly understood. "This is..."

"Multi-Person Dream Creation Spell. There are only two people in the whole country who can cast it. I am one of them. and the other is my disciple. My disciple is currently on holiday, however, which is why I've personally stepped in."

President Qi revealed the truth. "So, Mr Nightmare, you already fell into my dream at the very beginning. What you're seeing is nothing more than an illusion in my dreamscape... At this moment, the dead students on the floor have in fact regained consciousness. Furthermore, their convulsions weren't real. As far as these kids are concerned, they simply had a nightmare."

"That's impossible!" Nightmare roared hysterically.

"Nothing is impossible, Mr Nightmare. This is a trap which I set for you." President Qi stared at Nightmare and smiled coldly.

At that moment, Nightmare finally realized that the situation was bad. His immaterial spirit body fled frantically through the air as he tried to rush out of the pagoda.

But just as he thought he had escaped, the scene before his eyes suddenly changed, and he was back to square one...

President Qi was standing in front of him.

"Everyone is in the same dream, and that includes you, Mr Nightmare. You can't escape," President Qi said in a cold voice. He was the creator of this dream; no one could escape the dream maker's dreamscape.

If this were the real world, there would be plenty of ways for Nightmare to escape.

But in the dream, he was doomed to be like a wild beast locked in a cage! There was no way for him to escape, especially when it was President Qi himself who cast this spell!

"It's over."

The next moment, President Qi snapped his fingers.

With a blood-curdling screech from Nightmare, President Qi tore the entire nightmare to pieces on the spot, and Nightmare's spirit body was completely destroyed along with it.

The lights in the pagoda came back on.

Many people felt as if they had just woken up from a horrible nightmare, but after examining themselves, they didn't find anything wrong with their bodies.

The only people who were slightly more miserable were Wang Ling and the others...

Because they hadn't been hypnotized from the very beginning, they hadn't "dreamt," and instead knew exactly what was going on.

Therefore, when Nightmare appeared and everyone fell twitching to the floor, Wang Ling and the others could only do the same...

As he jerked stiffly on the floor, Wang Ling felt like an epileptic loach.

And the most irritating thing was that President Qi and Nightmare actually kept going on and on...

When he was done convulsing, Wang Ling pulled up his shirt and felt that his abs had become a little more defined.

It's too hard for me...





Chapter 1143 The Mahjong Squad In Action Once Again!


From the beginning, President Qi had set this trap to catch Nightmare. But the Dark Network's number one killer clearly wasn't the only expert that had been dispatched by the mastermind behind the scenes.

President Qi had no idea who the other killers were, but Nightmare, who was the most difficult to catch, had been apprehended. As long as they were vigilant, the rest shouldn't be too difficult to deal with.

After tearing Nightmare's spirit to shreds, President Qi immediately bound Nightmare's immortal and mortal souls to a magic plate. This was a magic treasure he had prepared beforehand to imprison the soul.

Nightmare was too dangerous and had to be killed. Once his soul was imprisoned, he was pretty much harmless.

In the command center, Old Huang gazed at the magic plate in President Qi's hand and said approvingly, "Well done. You were very efficient, and didn't disgrace me."

"Finally, this student does not disappoint his teacher." President Qi nodded slightly, but the expressions of both master and disciple didn't relax.

This was only the beginning. They had gone to a lot of trouble to capture Nightmare, and the remaining evildoers who were still hiding in the shadows would certainly be very careful with the next step they took.

"When you took action earlier, I received word that reinforcements from Little Bai are about to arrive, and that they have more experience with capturing people from the Dark Network," Old Huang said.

"Oh, it's them," President Qi said, unsurprised. Last time, it had also been criminals from the Dark Network who had stirred up trouble during a student event, and the mahjong trio had played a major role in that operation by helping General Bai deal with a number of tough Dark Network criminals one after another, all of whom were Red 3A-Class wanted criminals.

It was just that the opponent this time might be tougher.

The criminals they had dealt with previously were, at the very least, living people.

But this time, they might very likely be dealing with Dark Network experts who had already died.

...

General Bai was in charge of the Old Devil, Evil Sword God and the Master of Immortal Mansion. The trio's codename was: Mahjong.

Sitting in the same van as before, General Bai held a simple meeting with them in the back.

They were going in this time without any idea of who their opponents were. While Nightmare was now completely under President Qi's control, Nightmare didn't necessarily know all of the people whom the mastermind had resurrected. Apart from that top ranked figure Xie Sanxiao, who founded the Dark Network and was nicknamed Dark Ancestor, they knew nothing about their remaining opponents.

"Interesting; who would have thought that even Xie Sanxiao would appear this time. My venerable self has always wanted the opportunity to fight him." After listening to General Bai relate the entire matter, the Old Devil was suddenly a little excited. "Xie Sanxiao's little finger looks very much like my wife's... If my venerable self can take down Xie Sanxiao this time, general, would it be possible to give my venerable self the little finger on his right hand?"

General Bai's lips twitched slightly. "We'll talk about it when we have him."

The Old Devil might have turned over a new leaf, but he was still a freak...

But if it was the Old Devil, he might really be able to do it, since Xie Sanxiao was also a freak.

General Bai remembered his conversation with the head of state before this operation, and something the latter said had left a very deep impression on him: "You can only beat magic with magic; similarly, you have to use a freak to fight a freak."

General Bai now felt that these words were just too wise!

If freaks could be graded -

The freak index for the mahjong trio sitting in the back of the van would have already shot past the national freak average; it could be said that they were the epitome of freaks.

A man who thought about this wife all the time, to the point of madness.

A man who thought about his eye shadow all the time, and couldn't even do radio gymnastics if he didn't put eye shadow on.

And the last man who was a spirit sword fanatic, and wouldn't budge when he saw a nice sword; his condition was a lot worse compared with those college students who were already down and out but still wanted to take out loans to buy basketball shoes...

For General Bai himself, guiding the three men onto the right path was a painstaking process.

He just hoped that he himself wouldn't be assimilated after being exposed to them for so long...

Putting these thoughts aside, General Bai's gaze swept over the three men, and he said, "We don't know who we're up against for now, but we can analyze the situation and prepare accordingly."

Saying that, he flipped open his wristwatch, and the profile images of numerous deceased members of the Dark Network were immediately projected in the air. "If they have been resurrected, they definitely wouldn't be small fry. Look at these photos. Is there anyone whom you feel is powerful enough to be brought back to life by the mastermind to be our opponent this time?"

The three men scanned the projected profile images and saw many familiar faces.

"Zaomen is dead? When did that happen?"

The Old Devil pointed to an image of a middle-aged man with a crew cut and a very conspicuous X-shaped burn scar on his forehead.

General Bai tapped on the photo, and the man's profile was soon projected separately to one side.

Zaomen Rokuro, who was originally from Sun Island and was a Red 4S-Class wanted criminal of the Dark Network, had been found dead 20 years ago.

Cause of death: Killed by peacekeeping troops dispatched by Mixiu nation during the "Hunter Operation" launched by the International Alliance of Cultivators.

"What you're seeing right now is top secret, so there are some things you might not be aware of." General Bai said, "It sounds like you're very familiar with Zaomen Rokuro?"

"About fifty years ago, I went to Zaomen Rokuro about my wife. I knew he was proficient in the Supernatural Seven Kills Technique, and that he was a very strong psychic, so I wanted to ask him if he could help me find my wife's spirit," Old Devil said, folding his arms. "But then he told me that my wife had already entered the cycle of reincarnation."

"Is that why you launched your attack campaign after that?"

"That's right," Old Devil said noncommittally. "I knew that Zaomen Rokuro was very strong, but I've never actually fought him. The rumor is that his Supernatural Seven Kills Technique is a supreme combination of Sun Island ninjutsu and cultivation. He claimed that anyone who faced him would be killed by one of the seven forms."

"Supernatural Seven Kills Technique?" General Bai silently made a note of it. This information wasn't part of the official data. However, General Bai felt that the Mixiu military cultivators weren't necessarily ignorant of this, but had left it out on purpose.

The intelligence database was under the jurisdiction of the International Alliance of Cultivators, and countries all joined hands to collect information on wanted international criminals and make it publicly available to every nation. However, there were still some western countries who were reluctant to share, and kept some of this intelligence to themselves.

At that moment, there was one thing which piqued General Bai's interest.

General Bai: "May I ask a question?"

The Old Devil: "Go ahead, general."

General Bai: "I want to know how your wife died."

The Old Devil's expression darkened. "General, if you think this is related to this mission, my venerable self can tell you, but it's a long story..."





Chapter 1144 Li Modi's Mine Technique


The Old Devil had committed so many crimes largely because he wanted to find his wife, Maiya. Asking him to recall the moment they parted for eternity was no doubt rubbing salt into the wound, but General Bai had a faint feeling in his gut.

He had a feeling that the matter of the Old Devil and his wife might have something to do with Zaomen Rokuro.

"My wife Maiya and I grew up together. She was a member of the peacekeeping force," the Old Devil said.

A female peacekeeper?

General Bai never expected the Old Devil's wife to have such an identity. Female peacekeepers were rare to begin with. Peacekeeping abroad was somewhat more complicated and fraught with danger. Although there were female peacekeepers, the gender ratio was limited, and most female peacekeepers did medical aid work.

This absolutely wasn't discrimination. It was just that the work was different. The main thing was that organizations were still protective of women. Peacekeeping was very dangerous work, and if it wasn't because women had strong wills, organizations usually wouldn't specially set up female peacekeeping troops.

After all, charging and breaking through enemy lines was still left to the hot-blooded, rough and tumble men.

General Bai had never heard the Old Devil speak about his wife before. Hearing now about her identity as a peacekeeper, he was a little amazed. There were so many of them, however, and General Bai couldn't remember them all.

"Was her codename Maiya?" General Bai asked.

"No, her peacekeeper codename was Moon," the Old Devil said.

General Bai was astonished. "It was her?"

Moon was a famous peacekeeper general from more than a thousand years ago who had been missing ever since they lost contact with her during an operation. It wasn't until five hundred years ago that Huaxiu Alliance officially verified her death.

It was said that a foreign peacekeeping force discovered a finger bone which DNA tests confirmed belonged to Miss Maiya. But it had been in a very strange place; it was discovered in an abandoned Daoist temple.

Because it had been too long ago, no one knew what happened... What everyone did know was that five muddy footprints had been found inside the temple.

Someone had struck a killing blow when Miss Maiya had been on the verge of death.

This was the analysis the experts came up with after they investigated the scene.

In short, this case caused a sensation back then, but it was so long ago that almost all traces at the scene had been swept away with the passage of time.

Of course, the biggest mystery in this case was where the rest of Miss Maiya's bones were, since only a finger bone had been found in the Daoist temple.

"The finger bone remains an unsolved peacekeeping case. Unfortunately, given how much time had passed, no one knows exactly what happened." General Bai sighed. "I remember Moon... oh, no, it's Miss Maiya. She was the captain of Peacekeeping Team Six. Her performance was outstanding, and she won many battles. This case caused quite a stir. I once sent out three squads and no less than a hundred people to investigate the incident, but we didn't find anything."

"This matter is indeed odd. I don't blame you, general." The Old Devil sighed. "My venerable self has been searching for my wife's whereabouts all this time, but I still haven't found anything so far."

"There will be a breakthrough one day." Countless thoughts flashed through General Bai's mind. He had never expected the Old Devil to actually be Moon's boyfriend.

This devotion was indeed touching. However, a crime was a crime. The Old Devil would still need to continue on this path of redemption. Sympathy wouldn't get him a reduced punishment; that would be showing contempt for the laws of the cultivation world.

General Bai kept this thought in mind. That incident back then was also a thorn in his flesh; he, too, was looking forward to the day when the thorn could be removed.

He composed himself and the meeting continued. General Bai turned his eyes to the Master of Immortal Mansion and Evil Sword God on the other side, who were also lost in thought.

"Does anyone here look familiar to you?"

"This one," the Master of Immortal Mansion said as he pointed to a dark-skinned young man with a very distinctive hairstyle.

This guy had an afro.

"Li Modi." General Bai tapped on the man's profile and read up on the young afro man's background.

This was a Dark Network expert who died three hundred years ago. Back then, he had been given the nickname Explosion Demon Li Modi. His "Mine Technique" was very troublesome and astonishing. Anything he touched would become a bomb, and would explode at the slightest jostle. Li Modi could be said to be unbeatable in those days because it was impossible to tell if he had touched something before... As for his death, it had been completely unexpected.

"Is Li Modi dead, too?" the Old Devil asked.

"Indeed he is, and as for the cause of his death... Look for yourselves." General Bai clicked open the file.

Li Modi (cause of death): Suffered from dementia in his later years, and forgot that the things he touched had turned into bombs. Died after accidentally detonating bombs he had buried.

He actually forgot...

The Old Devil, the Master of Immortal Mansion and Evil Sword God were all lost for words at this cause of death.

But the point Evil Sword God focused on was even stranger. "Cultivators can also suffer dementia?"

"There is now medicine to treat dementia, but Li Modi... back then, he was wanted all over the world and was on the run all the time, so he missed the best medical window to be treated. Also, he liked being on his own, so he didn't have anyone with him. When his illness flared up, not only did he forget the bombs he had set, he even forgot to take his medicine."

The Master of Immortal Mansion said, "I once fought him in my intrinsic spirit field; he turned my swords into bombs, and blew up several of my beloved spirit swords!"

General Bai also noted this down. "If he has been resurrected, he will indeed be difficult to deal with."

No one knew more about explosions than he did, as Explosion Saint.

He was world-famous for his mastery with explosions. This Mine Technique was in fact a technique which General Bai had developed back then. However, it was too lethal and dangerous, and General Bai had destroyed his design.

Even General Bai himself never expected that Li Modi would actually use a technique he designed...

Of course, General Bai didn't rule out the possibility that Li Modi had developed the Mine Technique on his own. Once you grasped the basics, all spells and techniques in the world were the same. Li Modi was also an explosion expert, so it wasn't that surprising that he could come up with the theory behind the Mine Technique.

"It's your turn." After General Bai wrote down Li Modi's name, he turned his eyes to Evil Sword God.

Evil Sword God pointed to a young man with an unusual shamate hairstyle. "This guy looks familiar. I think I've fought him before. He also wears eye shadow."

General Bai took a deep breath. "Of course he looks familiar... Because he's you..."

Evil Sword God, with his eye shadow on, was also one of the Dark Network's Red 3S-Class wanted criminals...

But when a foreign cultivation peacekeeping force caught an expert swordsman who similarly wore eye shadow during a mission, they had mistaken him for Evil Sword God.

The truth was that the man was just a copycat criminal, who reportedly was a fan of Evil Sword God...

Unfortunately, there was a huge difference between the dream idol and the real person.

Who knew how that fan who had been caught in Evil Sword God's place back then would feel if he ever saw this Evil Sword God who turned into a simpleton without his eye shadow...





Chapter 1145 Evil Sword God's Original Body


Everyone knew that Evil Sword God's original body was his eye shadow.

Without eye shadow, he was a scaredy-cat; with eye shadow, he was a shit-stirrer...

This eye shadow personality transformation was something General Bai had seen with his own eyes. It had to be said that Evil Sword God with eye shadow on was indeed powerful. Moreover, from what General Bai could see, Evil Sword God's sword skills were almost on par with General Yi's.

Given how remarkable the sword skills of these two disciples were, Sword Immortal Fan Rui as their shifu shouldn't have any regrets; the only pity was that Evil Sword God had been too radical in his cultivation, which caused his mind to be devoured and turned him into this, and led to the shocking murder of his shifu.

At this thought, General Bai sighed inwardly as he used a cold flame to burn eye shadow over Evil Sword God's eyes.

Very quickly, Evil Sword God's gaze turned sharp.

Everyone knew that the belligerent Evil Sword God was back.

Naturally, the different personalities had different memories.

Evil Sword God looked at these familiar profile pics projected in the air, the past vivid in his mind, and he sneered. "Forgive me for being blunt, but I don't believe anyone here would be troublesome opponents." He folded his arms with a face full of confidence and laughed disdainfully at these profiles.

Then, he pointed at one of them.

[Criminal Profile]

[Name: Ballistic Aunty - Han Wuye]

[Warrant Level: Red 2A Warrant]

[Character overview: A wanted member of the Dark Network. Given the nickname Golden Instant Noodles Hair Ballistic Aunty. An obese glutton. On the international wanted list for robbing banks in eighty-two countries. Dubbed the world's most ruthless and cold-blooded robber. She won't leave even a single penny behind wherever she goes, and everyone who sees her real face is brutally killed.]

[Abilities: Famous for Eight Immortals Devour. Ballistic Aunty can turn her stomach into a small world, and for a short period of time, create a black hole to devour the people or objects around her. Any living thing that is sucked in is instantly ripped apart. This spatial magic is extremely tricky to deal with.]

[Cause of death: Died tragically after being sliced to pieces by sword qi during an international organization's peacekeeping mission.]

"What about her?" asked General Bai.

He still had some impression of this person.

Back then, Han Wuye had committed a lot of crimes in Huaxiu nation, and she fled by sea as she swam to a neighbouring country, and vanished without a trace.

She went on the run for many years after that as she committed numerous robberies in various countries. When General Bai next received news on her, Han Wuye was already dead.

"The fact is that Han Wuye died at my hands." Evil Sword God laughed coldly. "Death was too good for this fat old woman."

"Died at your hands?" General Bai, the Old Devil and Master of Immortal Mansion were all taken aback.

"My plan back then was to sneak into the peacekeeping force to look for the number one expert there. In the end, I just so happened to run into Han Wuye." Evil Sword God said, "She saw through my disguise and picked a fight with me herself."

"What happened..."

"She asked me if she was beautiful. I said that there wasn't anything beautiful about a fat, oily pork intestine like her. She then wanted to fight me." Evil Sword God tsked. "She clearly wasn't my match, but she still insisted on fighting me. I cut out her tongue so that she couldn't perform Eight Immortals Devour, and then I chopped off her thigh, and then I chopped..."

"Slow down." General Bai found it hard to digest all of a sudden.

This plot development...

...was a little peculiar.

"It wasn't just this Ballistic Aunty; I see a lot of familiar faces here who died under my sword." Evil Sword God then casually tapped on several profiles.

[Criminal Profile]

[Name: Edward Origen]

[Warrant Level: Red 3A Warrant]

[Character overview: A wanted member of the Dark Network. Due to an innate ability to turn his body into colored glass, he can blend into his surroundings. Given the nickname Human Chameleon. Has the powerful ability to disguise himself. Recognized by the international hitmen circle for plotting a number of assassinations.]

[Abilities: Colored glass physique, assassination skills, etc.]

[Cause of death: Failed a hitman operation. Suspected of being killed by his target instead, with one shot to the head.]

"This person was famous in the hitmen circle. I was very curious about him at the time, and so hired him to kill me. In the end, I was sorely disappointed. I didn't expect this guy to actually be so weak." Evil Sword God sighed

General Bai, the Old Devil and Master of Immortal Mansion: "..."

[Criminal Profile]

[Name: King of Iron Wings Song Xihe]

[Warrant Level: Red 4A Warrant]

[Character overview: A wanted member of the Dark Network. Viewed as the biggest threat to Ultimate King of Killers's position as the Dark Network's number one expert. Removed his own ribs at a young age and refined them into iron wings for his back. Has strong defensive and counter-offensive abilities. Known as King of Iron Wings, and was indestructible!

[Abilities: Iron Wing Attack Technique, Iron Wing Illusion Technique, Iron Wing Spear, etc.]

[Cause of death: Died tragically with the soles of his feet pierced with sword qi in a suspected revenge attack.]

Evil Sword God: "You really can't blame me for this person's death - he just had such an obvious opening. What use is it surrounding yourself like a metal bucket? Didn't he die anyway when my sword qi pierced the soles of his feet? Ultimate King of Killers actually viewed him as a rival - what a joke."

General Bai, the Old Devil and Master of Immortal Mansion: "..."

General Bai took a deep breath and forced himself to calm down. "Take a look at these people and tell me how many of them you killed."

"Except for the three people before, let me have a look at the others."

Evil Sword God gazed at the page and started to count how many of these Dark Network wanted criminals he had killed, looking as excited as if he were counting medals. "This guy, this guy and this guy... It still makes me excited when I think about the fright on their faces when I killed them. They boasted day in and day out how great they were, but they still died under my sword."

A few minutes later, he was done counting.

General Bai counted the number of people on the list.

There were over one hundred dangerous Dark Network wanted criminals in the database who were already deceased, and thirty-four of these experts, which was one third of them, had died at Evil Sword God's hands.

All these years, Evil Sword God had wielded his peerless sword qi in his search for opponents. Although he had committed plenty of senseless murders, he had in fact indirectly punished a lot of criminals who had been on the run.

On the other side, Evil Sword God's face brimmed with excitement. "They're all just small fry. If I can kill them once, I can kill them twice!"

Looking at the list in his hand, General Bai had very complicated feelings...





Chapter 1146 Eye of Rebellion


Actually, there wasn't really a second elimination round; it had just been one more trap set up by the authorities to catch Nightmare. Nevertheless, many of the headmasters in the command center couldn't help but focus on one person during this round.

That person was none other than Gu Shunzhi.

He was a new transfer student this year at Number 60 High. Because of his outstanding performance, he had been directly selected to be one of the competition participants, and had become one of the team members to win honor for his school.

Throughout the second elimination round, Gu Shunzhi's performance in all respects had been remarkable. He perfectly displayed his unflappable, calm judgment, logical reasoning, and understanding of a wide variety of spells.

All in all, Number 60 High this year was a bit of a surprise...

This was largely because the headmasters present hadn't viewed Number 60 High as an enemy to begin with. Except for headmasters like Li Qingxi who were a little more wary since they had some history with Headmaster Chen, the remaining ninety-five percent hadn't included an analysis of Number 60 High in their strategic planning.

Now, eight hundred students had moved on to the next round; it was clearly already too late for them to discuss tactics.

Before the official start of the third round of the Nine Dragon Mountain battle for survival, Lord Thunder indicated for all the students, who were in their rooms, to open a brocade pouch that had been hidden under each of their beds.

Inside was a golden talisman which each student needed to tie around their right arm as a symbol for the third round.

This golden talisman could save their lives in a critical moment, and was incredibly effective. If they encountered danger, it would automatically become a golden shield that would defend them against a deadly attack. At the same time, it would also release a golden beam of light that wouldn't dissipate so quickly in order to let nearby security and medical teams know to hurry over.

This golden talisman was also an important item that would enable the Nine Dragon Mountain security inspection team to monitor the students as well as ensure that they could pinpoint each student's location within the activity range in order to avoid any mishaps.

"I'm going out," Xia Ming said to his roommate, Tang Jingze, after tying on the golden talisman. Tang Jingze thought that Xia Ming's expression was a little strange, but he couldn't say why.

But when he recalled how everyone had experienced nightmares earlier because of Nightmare, he thought that maybe Xia Ming was still gripped by fear and had yet to come back to his senses, so he let Xia Ming go.

Everyone had different ways of relieving stress. Besides, he and Xia Ming weren't that close, so there was no need for him to act like a mother hen.

After leaving the dormitory, Xia Ming heaved a sigh of relief. Indeed, he did feel nervous.

Although President Qi had captured Nightmare, Nightmare's words still echoed clearly in Xia Ming's ears.

Despite the fact that Nightmare had been caught, Xia Ming still felt terror which welled up from the depths of his soul.

He stood in the corridor, looking for some fresh air. He had barely left his dorm, however, when the scene in front of him abruptly turned dark.

Just like when Nightmare had appeared earlier, all the lights in the corridor instantly went out...

No...

Xia Ming felt that the pressure this time was even greater than when Nightmare had shown up. He felt cold all over, and every breath he exhaled was misty white.

Then, a white-haired young man whose face he couldn't see clearly suddenly appeared in front of him.

"Wang Ling?" Xia Ming's pupils instantly shrank. Although he couldn't see the young man's face clearly, his figure was too similar to Wang Ling's. It was as if he was a mold of Wang Ling, and for a moment, Xia Ming was a little dazed.

"Nightmare's been caught, but you still have to finish your task," the white-haired young man said to Xia Ming in a cold and dark voice. He had the air of a spirit from hell about him, which made Xia Ming shudder.

Although this person in front of him was very similar to Wang Ling, Xia Ming could clearly sense that he wasn't Wang Ling.

Who the hell was this guy?

He was actually able to show up here without being noticed...

Was he the mastermind behind everything?

"You bear the weight of the Ancient Divine Clan's mission; you are the key to changing the world. Do as you're told, and you'll go down in history as a key figure in turning the world upside down." The white-haired young man opened his mouth, and with one light exhale, thick mist instantly filled the space. In the blink of an eye, Xia Ming saw a future cultivation world of beauty, prosperity and freedom.

"Did you see that? That is the future."

The voice of the white-haired young man filled the space. "I can lend you the strength you lack..."

"Lend me strength..." Xia Ming stretched out his arms. His body trembled slightly, and he felt as if he was acting under compulsion. He knew that with his next step, he might be consigning the world to eternal damnation, but it was as if his mind and soul were being manipulated in that moment. It was as if there was magic in the white-haired young man's voice, which seemed to be able to draw out the inner demons hidden in a person's heart.

Xia Ming then felt his shadow actually shrink and firmly wrap itself around him!

A sharp pain stabbed him in the abdomen!

Xia Ming bent over on the floor in pain.

The pain only lasted for an instant, but when Xia Ming came back to his senses, he discovered that his shadow had actually turned into an evil eye in his abdomen.

"This..." Xia Ming could sense power surging out of his body.

This tremendous power was nothing like Xia Ming had imagined, and on top of that, he could control it. It was far beyond what a Foundation Establishment cultivator was capable of!

The voice of the white-haired young man filled the air. "Do you feel it? That's what it feels like to be strong. As long as you do what I say, you can still get even stronger... This power is just the tip of the iceberg. It'll help you successfully climb to the top of Nine Dragon Mountain."

Xia Ming was thrilled. "Senior!"

At that moment, he really had a delusion.

He felt like he was one of those novel protagonists who suddenly had a fortuitous encounter that enabled his cultivation base to skyrocket.

"You must keep this secret," the white-haired young man warned. "The eye in your belly is called the Eye of Rebellion, which is connected to all your blood kin. If you betray me, all your relatives will die because of you. The thing I hate the most in life are traitors."

...

Saturday, November 15th.

It was six o'clock in the morning, four hours after Nightmare had been arrested. The ground lit up with the first light at dawn, and the eight-day battle for survival on Nine Dragon Mountain officially began.

Everyone lined up according to their schools and passed through the entrance scanner in an orderly file to verify that except for the official "golden talisman," they weren't carrying any other magic treasures.

Wang Ling and the others lined up and walked through the security check.

Standing in the queue, Wang Ling noticed that something didn't seem right about Xia Ming's expression.

Xia Ming seemed especially confident, and especially abnormal, today...





Chapter 1147 Human Devil


Wang Ling felt that there was something wrong with Xia Ming. His King's Eye swept over Xia Ming, and he immediately sensed that the latter was enveloped in an evil shadow. Furthermore, only Wang Ling could see this shadow.

He was well aware that this was a curse.

It wasn't impossible to undo the curse, but everyone was going through the security check now. With so many people around, it wasn't easy for Wang Ling to make a move, and he could only bide his time and look for another chance to undo the curse. Although Xia Ming had acted rudely toward him before, Wang Ling had never wanted to do anything bad to him. After all, they were from the same school, and had both come to win honor for their school; there was no conflict that couldn't be resolved.

Besides, undoing the curse was just a snap for Wang Ling.

If he had to give a reason, it was that Wang Ling felt the curse on Xia Ming was too malicious. This curse would implicate and punish the people whom the cursed was associated with. Once Xia Ming acted in violation of the contract, the curse would immediately take effect. Generally speaking, in addition to the person who agreed to the contract, the person's blood kin would also be implicated.

Thus, Wang Ling felt that Xia Ming had most likely been threatened into it.

Then herein lay the problem: Who on earth formed a contract containing such a malicious curse with Xia Ming? This was yet another question to ponder.

When the last person of Number 60 High passed the security check, the students of Balance Flame Middle School were all stopped at security gate Number 2. A teacher in red from the resident special forces stepped forward and had them stand to one side for a manual inspection.

The students of Balance Flame Middle School were puzzled. "Why do we have to undergo a manual inspection?"

"You've been reported, so behave yourself."

The teacher in red spoke firmly, and then began to carry out a careful body search.

In the end, it turned out that there really was a problem...

He actually found a deeply hidden space in between layers inside the pocket of the school uniform of one of the students from Balance Flame Middle School. Moreover, after doing an anti-device sweep, the space was opened to reveal all the items that had been banned from the competition this time.

"Student, you have the right to remain silent now. Whether you knew of this or not, rules are rules; you have now been disqualified." This teacher in red was impartial, and took the boy from Balance Flame Middle School away on the spot. The boy had a dumb look on his face, with no idea what was going on.

Everything turned out just as Headmaster Chen had foreseen.

Balance Flame Middle School's students were a bunch of bookworms who wouldn't do shady things, but their headmaster, Zuo Qingqiu, had sneakily tried to get the students to bring in some survival supplies, and was found out...

"It was definitely our headmaster who did it, right?" The people from Number 60 High whispered among themselves.

Headmaster Chen's original plan was for the Number 60 High participants to publicly blow the whistle on Balance Flame Middle School during the inspection round so that they would be the first team to lose members. However, he then thought that a public denouncement would easily draw the ire of other schools, so the plan changed to Headmaster Chen himself secretly penning a letter to President Qi...

Thus, Balance Flame Middle School was reported at the beginning.

In the command center, Zuo Qingqiu, headmaster of Balance Flame Middle School, looked at the other headmasters, but couldn't figure out who had written the report letter.

"All of you... who reported it?! I'll definitely find out who did it!" He believed his arrangements had been perfect, so someone must have reported it.

The other side was too... too shameless!

"Old Zuo, your nickname in those days was Renegade. Sure enough, after so many years, you still can't fix this shortcoming. You've dug a pit for your obedient students this time." Li Qingxi, headmaster of Number 1 Devil-Subduing High School, gloated on the side.

From his understanding, he could roughly guess who had written the report letter.

He stole a glance at Headmaster Chen next to him. The man's face was as calm as usual as he sighed a little. "It's the Year 91021, but there's still someone who would actually use such an underhanded trick like whistleblowing. How shameless! I strongly condemn and protest this on Old Zuo's behalf!"

1(Refers to something that happened a very long time ago or to something that is too outdated.) Li Qingxi was dumbstruck. "..."

He felt that it had absolutely been the right decision to especially bring up Number 60 High and discuss battle tactics against them during the meeting at the beginning.

As the current headmaster of Number 60 High, Chen Tianxiang was indeed a tough figure... Not only was he very difficult to deal with, he was also a little shameless...

...

On the other side, Guo Hao and the others were marveling at Headmaster Chen's move.

"All's fair in war. Headmaster Chen was the star support player back then, and he ran circles around a lot of headmasters before. He's all too familiar with how they think." Chen Chao sighed.

The group of "copy ninjas" from Balance Flame Middle School was the target that everyone had initially been prepared to act against; now that they had lost one member, this was definitely a huge blow to them.

After they passed the security check, the eight-day battle for survival officially began.

Each school formed one unit, and Wang Ling followed everyone into an array, which would directly send each school's students to random locations on Nine Dragon Mountain.

The competition had officially begun!

General Bai stood on a mountain peak, the mahjong trio behind him. The four of them were all wearing pitch black cloaks and mahjong face makeup to hide their identities: General Bai was Nine Circles, the Old Devil was Three Circles, and the Master of Immortal Mansion was Two Circles. Since Evil Sword God was the last to join them, his makeup was One Bamboo.

Early in the morning, a rainbow-colored mist covered Nine Dragon Mountain. This was Nine Dragon Mountain's unique purifying mist, which was used to maintain the balance of the ecosystem and purify the impurities in the air and water for the benefit of the spirit plants and animals here.

This rainbow-colored mist was harmless to animals, but harmful to humans. Absorbing too much of it would decrease a person's spirit qi, like a person who became thirstier after drinking salt water.

General Bai and the others were tasked with hunting down the resurrected Dark Network members who would attempt to wreck the situation this time.

President Qi and the others had determined that the mastermind behind this mess would make a move today.

Standing on the mountain peak at that moment, which overlooked Nine Dragon Mountain's terrain, they searched every area with their spiritual senses for the slightest trace of evil.

Just then, the Old Devil suddenly sensed a familiar aura. "An old acquaintance has appeared..."

"Someone you know?"

"We fought before, and my venerable self wounded him grievously." The Old Devil, who wore the Three Circles mask, said, "Human Devil has also been resurrected."

"Human Devil? Hannibal?" The Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu was blank.

"Not that man-eating human devil."

The Old Devil frowned slightly. "But this guy indeed is a little difficult to deal with. He fell into a trap back then, and I took that small chance to injure him. Now that he's been resurrected, I'm afraid that he won't repeat the same mistake again."





Chapter 1148 Competing For Resources


Human Devil was Chaber Mike, and his Chinese name was Xia Lixing. He was one of the few guys back then whom the Old Devil had been able to defeat only by a narrow margin, but it wasn't the Old Devil who killed him. Only now did the Old Devil learn, from the profile in General Bai's hands, how Xia Lixing had died.

"Xia Lixing was killed in the bombing of Divine Rank Island," General Bai said. After listening to the Old Devil's account, he connected all the dots.

After fighting the Old Devil back then, Human Devil Xia Lixing had been seriously wounded, and he fled to Divine Rank Island, known as a Soul Formation paradise, to cultivate. He was then discovered by the International Alliance of Cultivators, who promptly decided to take him down completely at the cost of destroying Divine Rank Island.

In the end, Xia Lixing was killed when the International Alliance of Cultivators bombed Divine Rank Island.

"Xia Lixing's Holy Devil Imprisonment Technique is particularly tricky. By constantly devouring souls, he can increase the number of cells in his body. As far as I know, Xia Lixing consumed more than twenty-five million souls before he died. He can devour all living things, like spirit plants, spirit beasts and so forth..." the Old Devil reminisced. "I believe that Human Devil has been resurrected. We have to get rid of him first."

"I can also sense an unusual withering of spirit plants in the southeast; it appears that Human Devil has shown up. Reasonably speaking, this shouldn't happen while the rainbow mist is around." General Bai frowned as thoughts flashed through his mind.

Thus, General Bai directly contacted President Qi in a completely independent mental space.

This was President Qi's space layer ability, which enabled all the personnel involved in this operation to establish an independent communication space with him without the need for an intermediary magic treasure to send a transmission. As long as they imagined President Qi's appearance, they could establish contact with him.

President Qi could even link together the mental spaces of people on the same mission to form a local area network.

Currently, only President Qi was capable of this formidable mental connection skill. Wang Ming had very strong mental abilities, but he still lacked training, and was prone to overloading his mind.

Thus, no matter how outstanding Wang Ming was, he still needed to devote himself to training for a long time before he could reach President Qi's level.

"Old Qi, we seem to have discovered traces of the suspect Human Devil. I hope the command center can assist us by sealing off the area Human Devil has appeared in, and lead away the children who are nearby."

President Qi replied almost in seconds. "Noted, the command center will immediately set up a barrier and seal off the area."

"Move out; let's go and take a look." After that, General Bai stomped his foot, and a resplendent, fiery dragon burst forth from beneath him like a rocket, taking along the three men behind him to Human Devil's location.

...

On the other side, the former tranquility of Nine Dragon Mountain was now broken by the clamor of the national competition.

Wang Ling and the others had been sent to a relatively remote location, which was good news for them in a survival battle.

Gu Shunzhi probed their surroundings with his senses before saying, "There's no one nearby."

"Do you specialize in perception?" Chen Chao was puzzled.

"Sort of; I'm better at perception and reasoning," Gu Shunzhi said with a smile. He had discussed it with Zhenyuan, Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi beforehand, and each of them would play a particular role in the team. If they each had their own task, they would be less likely to be exposed.

Gu Shunzhi chose perception.

Liu Qingyi chose the "wet nurse" route, since the Liu family were renowned for their medical expertise in the Domain of the Gods to begin with.

Zhenyuan chose the work of setting up defensive arrays and the like.

As for Wang Zhen... His job was relatively simple - it was to "take a beating," or put simply, he was MT1.

1(Most likely a reference to the "I'm MT" mobile game featuring an angry, knife-wielding cow was the titular character.) After Gu Shunzhi reconfirmed their route, he then led the Number 60 High group through the jungle. "Nine Dragon Mountain's rainbow mist can swallow up our spirit energy, and it'll only dissipate after eight in the morning. Everyone, make sure to use the turtle-breathing skill; not only will it hide our auras, it'll also prevent us from inhaling the rainbow mist."

"Awesome." Chen Chao and Guo Hao marveled at Gu Shunzhi's power of perception.

"Everyone's the same; we all have abilities that we're particularly good at." Gu Shunzhi played down his ability.

"There might not be any enemies nearby, but ultimately, this location is too remote. If we can't replenish our supplies, it'll be very hard for ten people to make it through eight days by just relying on what we brought in," Sun Rong said at that moment. Cultivators could regulate their internal energy consumption. A cultivator in seclusion could go for more than ten days without food or water, but it was another matter when it came to vigorous activities.

The crux, furthermore, was that the life-saving golden talisman wrapped around their arms could in fact speed up the consumption of physical energy and abilities. Now that this consumption rate had increased, they weren't any different to regular people, and had to eat three meals a day to keep up their stamina.

The officials had deliberately set it up this way to prevent the student participants from lying low in one place for too long, thereby forcing them to go out for food.

"The officials set up points where we can fight for supplies. Our advantage is that there's no one nearby, but we're quite some distance from any supply points," Sun Rong said.

"Supply points? There's something like that?" Guo Hao was baffled.

"There was a map of Nine Dragon Mountain on the back of the check-in book listing items of note in the room. It had all the supply contest points on it. You actually didn't see it?" Sun Rong had a helpless expression on her face. She made a hand seal, and mist gathered in the air.

Sun Rong cultivated water spells. Wherever there was mist, she could collect it into beads, and then further condense them into water.

After building a water screen in front of their eyes, Sun Rong displayed the map she had gotten from the dormitory onto the screen.

Guo Hao analyzed the map. "There are twenty supply points on the map, and we're sixty kilometers away from the closest one. Moving stealthily will slow us down a lot.

"Even if we do get there without being exposed, there's a high chance that other people will grab the supplies first. One of my uncles said before that in guerrilla warfare like this, if the enemy stops, harass them; if the enemy is weary, attack them; if the enemy advances, retreat; if the enemy retreats, pursue2. I think that rather than grabbing the supplies at the supply points, how about we lie in wait and grab them from other people?"

2(From Chairman Mao.) As soon as he stopped speaking, there was a violent explosion in the jungle...

Gu Shunzhi quickly determined the location. "There's a fight taking place ten kilometers southwest of here."

"Go! Go and take a look!" Liu Qingyi was a little excited.

"..."

At the back of the group, Wang Ling wore a helpless expression on his face.

He wondered if Gu Shunzhi and the other bigwigs really needed to be this serious...





Chapter 1149 Your Excellencies, Times Have Changed


As the students of Number 60 High made their approach through the thick jungle, the noise up ahead got even louder. As Gu Shunzhi had thought, two different school delegations were battling it out. They traded punches and kicks, and while it looked very dangerous, there was in fact a clear division of labor.

The two teams clashed, but didn't go all out. They still had to consider the follow-up, and wanted to conserve strength. This sudden encounter was at most just testing each other out.

It was a fight between Foundation Establishment students. To Wang Ling, there wasn't really anything worth watching. Their kung fu skills were too weak; he might as well watch Ip Man at twice the speed

"One side has a cute pink school uniform and the other has a purple school uniform. What schools are these?" Chen Chao watched the fight from where he was hiding in the underbrush.

"I'm not sure..." Guo Hao shook his head. There were too many schools in the competition this time, and many of them were from other cities. Even he, the gossip expert, had a hard time recognizing all the schools.

As the two of them chatted quietly, the main forces of both teams decided to stop at that moment, and calm returned briefly to the noisy jungle.

A boy from the main force in the cute pink school uniform stepped forward. "Brother! Both our teams aren't fighting with all our strength here; this is just a waste of strength and makes no sense at all! If two dogs fight over a bone, a third might run away with it - if some other team hears us and runs over to take advantage, we'll both lose out. How about we stop first?"

Hearing this suggestion, the captain of the team in purple also stepped forward. "Good! I think you have a point. But since we've both decided to stop, how about we form an alliance here? We'll help each other out and stick together for the first few days. If we're separated after that, we'll go back to fighting for our own teams."

"I think that's a good suggestion!"

"Then shall we form an alliance?"

"Alright!"

"May I ask, brother, this cute pink school uniform of yours - which school are you from?"

"I am from Number 8 West City High in Guangxi city!"

"You're students from Guangxi, too? So are we! We are Purple Garden High School!"

"So you are comrades from Purple Garden High School! Your headmistress Zi Yan is a well-known goddess in the headmaster circle!"

...

"???" Watching the two schools that had been fighting fiercely earlier actually start to discuss an alliance, Chen Chao couldn't make sense of this plot development. They had been waiting here for so long to take advantage of the situation, but in the end, the two schools were about to form an alliance, which would be bad for them.

"I'll do it." Xia Ming let out a sinister laugh. Wang Ling sensed the evil spirit qi that gathered on Xia Ming's fingertips. To everyone else, this spirit energy might look very pure, but in Wang Ling's eyes, it was simply unbearably foul. Although he did feel that Xia Ming was very strong, Wang Ling was well aware that this power didn't belong to Xia Ming.

Wang Ling had been thinking about helping Xia Ming undo the curse. But the evil spirit qi that had taken root in Xia Ming's body seemed even stronger than Wang Ling had thought. If it had only been on the surface before, it was now starting to eat away at Xia Ming's insides, like he was a rotten fruit. If even his inner core started to rot, things would get really messy.

Xia Ming skillfully wielded this spirit qi that didn't belong to him and it carelessly hooked around the ankle of a student from Purple Garden High School up ahead. Then, as if he was being controlled, he threw a punch at a Number 8 West City High girl in that cute pink uniform!

Bang!

The girl was sent flying as the punch, and she smashed through several trees before she stopped and was actually sent out by the protective golden talisman.

The boy who had been manipulated was dumbstruck. His punch was so extraordinarily powerful that even he himself found it unexpected. Usually, no matter how much strength he put into his blow, it wouldn't have this sort of explosive force!

"What are you doing? Didn't we say that we would form an alliance..." The captain of Number 8 West City High School was furious. He never thought that Purple Garden High School would go back on its word.

"It wasn't me. I couldn't control my body. There has to be some misunderstanding!" The boy who had thrown the punch had a wretched, helpless expression on his face.

After that, because of Xia Ming's instigation, the two schools who had initially decided to form an alliance started fighting again. Xia Ming, the culprit, smiled wickedly, as if he was very satisfied with his work.

Chen Chao and Guo Hao were utterly horrified by this operation. Xia Ming didn't usually give them the impression that he was strong... Why did it seem like he had been injected with chicken blood today?

"Xia Ming, you're so strong!" Chen Chao couldn't help but say.

"Of course!" Xia Ming was immensely pleased with himself.

The feeling of having obtained power was so wonderful, and the fact that he had just put on such a good show in front of Sun Rong made him feel especially satisfied.

As long as he had this power...

Yes! As long as he had this power, he could even help Number 60 High win first place!

As long as he used this power well and continued to put on a good show in front of Classmate Sun Rong, Wang Ling was nobody!

Xia Ming had wild thoughts of the future, and his confidence had never been greater.

But Chen Chao still stubbornly asked, "Are you high on drugs?"

"No." Xia Ming denied it flatly. "Can't you think better of me? This is for the sake of winning honor for our school."

"Of course I want to think better of you, but you're so strong now... It's incomprehensible! So, I feel that there can only be two possibilities. Either you're hiding something, or you've been possessed by the Holy Devil." When Chen Chao said that, Xia Ming couldn't help the cold sweat that broke out on his forehead. He had long heard of Chen Chao's famous enlightened mouth. Now that the truth had inadvertently come out, all of Xia Ming's hair stood on end.

It wasn't just Xia Ming, but Wang Ling also couldn't help sweating a little...

Chen Chao was indeed spot on, especially when he was making random guesses.

As long as it wasn't "prized milk," Chen Chao would almost always hit the nail on the head.

Number 60 High, who had been lying in wait for a long time, saw that both sides had pretty much exhausted all their physical strength after a fierce battle. Sun Rong immediately opened her sword spirit space and gave them the spirit swords that had been hidden inside it.

And so, while the students of Number 8 City West High School and Purple Garden High School were duking it out intensely, everyone from Number 60 High charged out of the underbrush with spirit swords in hand.

"Fuck! Isn't this a body technique exchange meet? How can you bring in spirit swords?!" The captains of both schools were stunned.

Holding his spirit sword Ghost Tooth, Guo Hao smiled sheepishly. "If I said that we forged these swords just now, would you believe me?"

"Like hell!" the captains shouted practically in unison.

"Then there's no choice." Guo Hao sighed. "It's because we're skilled that we were able to bring our swords in; this can't be considered cheating... Also, let me give the both of you a reminder."

"???"

"Times have changed, Your Excellencies."

With that, Guo Hao threw out Ghost Tooth. When the hooked blade was flung out, it flew past the two captains like a powerful boomerang to slice through a big tree behind them.

The two captains laughed at him. "Brother, you missed your mark."

Guo Hao recalled Ghost Tooth and gently wagged his finger at the two individuals, before he pointed to the tree.

The tree, whose trunk was so thick that it would take five or six people to hold hands around it, fell onto the heads of the two captains...

Both of them were sent out by the protective golden talismans at the same time.





Chapter 1150 I Already Can't Take It Anymore


When the headmasters of Number 8 West City High and Purple Garden High School saw everyone from Number 60 High pull out their spirit swords and launch a surprise attack on the students from both schools, they flew into a rage.

"Chen Tianxiang! You - you're shameless! You actually had your students bring in spirit swords! Smuggling in personal items... I've never seen such a shameless person!"

"President Qi, I think that Number 60 High should be disqualified at once! This isn't in line with the rules of the body technique competition at all! It's unfair!" Headmaster Zi Yan from Purple Garden High School frowned deeply as she expressed her dissatisfaction.

The two headmasters got up in protest, but President Qi just shook his head. "It is truly rare for students to be able to cultivate a spirit sword space at the Foundation Establishment stage. Since Number 60 High was able to pass the inspection round undetected, this can't be considered a violation of the rules.

"While the battle this time is focused on the exchange of physical techniques, students still need to observe the situation and adapt accordingly when it comes to survival. As long as their actions make sense when using magic or even collecting supplies, this can't be seen as violating the rules."

President Qi made himself very clear with his words.

To observe the situation and adapt accordingly...

Simply put, as long as you passed the anti-cheat inspection at the very beginning, no one could say anything even if you took out some heaven-defying, earth-shattering magic treasure during the competition.

Although it was a body technique competition, it was, in the end, a battle for survival; in this sort of situation, those who were too naive wouldn't survive...

A number of the headmasters present approved of President Qi's words.

"That's right! What President Qi said is right!"

"I also agree with President Qi's opinion! To be able to bring weapons in is a testament to their skills! We can't say it's unfair!"

Headmaster Zi Yan's lips twitched at these words.

When all was said and done, she and the headmaster of West City Middle School had been a little too naive... Seeing how this lot was agreeing with President Qi, anyone could tell that they had also thought of ways for their students to bring in personal items.

Otherwise, why would they be so vocal in their support?

Both schools thus could only accept their bad luck.

Fortunately, not all their students were lost during this surprise attack. Of the twenty students in total from Number 8 West City High and Purple Garden High School, four ultimately escaped.

Number 60 High didn't pursue them either.

Since it was the first day, there was no need to directly eliminate them all, and it was better to leave them some dignity.

Besides, only four people remained from both schools; they were pretty much done for. Even if they didn't act, they might not necessarily be able to survive the next seven days.

Although Number 60 High won this battle, they didn't feel like they had done anything, mainly because the two schools had already been worn down by their fight earlier. Number 60 High had chosen the perfect moment to launch a surprise attack, which practically sealed their victory.

Moreover, Wang Ling had only coasted along throughout the whole thing, and felt that he had done even less. He very carefully evaded all attacks in order to prevent the force of the backlash rebounding on these students.

The life-saving function of the protective golden light was useless; Wang Ling's backlash was so powerful that even when restricted, the rebound was still over a hundred times stronger.

In other words, if someone punched Wang Ling, the force of the backlash would completely trigger the protective golden talisman into activating the shield, only to directly shatter it.

It was so hard for Wang Ling...

Not only couldn't he hit someone directly, he still had to evade their attacks, so from beginning to end, Wang Ling couldn't launch any attacks himself; instead, he gave the impression that he was riding everyone's coattails as he avoided attacks non-stop.

But the truth was that Wang Ling did give some extra battle support.

For example, it looked like Guo Hao had cut down the tree with Ghost Tooth, but it was actually Wang Ling who had done it... He had no other choice. As an upstanding individual who upheld core socialist values, Wang Ling had always understood what it meant to "become spring soil to nourish the flowers."

To be a supporting character wasn't a bad thing

The main thing was that it was the way of the Wang family to not stand out too much.

...

"We should find a place to set up camp before the sun sets." After sending the students from both schools packing, Sun Rong calmed down and analyzed the map once again.

They had to be careful when choosing the camp site. For example, they would be easily surrounded if they chose terrain that was too high; choosing a cliff or some place similar might prevent them from being attacked by spirit insects and beasts, but once they were surrounded by other people, they would have no choice but to jump off the cliff.

Thus, they had to find a place with food, water, and a relative abundance of spirit plants. As long as there were spirit plants, Sun Rong would be able to create some simple pills for driving away insects and even spirit beasts.

She was from Huaguo Water Curtain Group, and was the future successor; there was no way she would disgrace her family in this national competition.

As long as there were enough spirit plants, Sun Rong had enough room to display her skills.

But the problem now was where they should set up camp.

Nine Dragon Mountain was called as such because of its terrain. Like dragon claws, nine mountain peaks encircled a massive mountain dome, which was Nine Dragon Mountain's main peak.

Nine Dragon Mountain was thus in fact made up of ten mountains in total. The main peak naturally was the richest in resources, but it was also very likely where most people would be competing for them. Wang Ling and the others were too far away; even if they hurried over now, it was very likely that someone else had already grabbed key resources. The group would need to consider it at length if they wanted to seize these resources.

Thus, Number 60 High could only pick the closest Dragon Claw mountain peak and claim a place relatively rich in resources first.

"Nine Dragon Mountain — Fire Peak," Sun Rong suggested after analyzing the map.

Fire Mountain was one of the Dragon Claw peaks of Nine Dragon Mountain, which had something like a tropical environment. While it was slightly warmer, it was abundant in resources, and more importantly, it wasn't far from their position.

Apart from that, there was also a supply point next to Fire Peak.

Based on the current map, there already wasn't a better place than Fire Peak.

Of course, they couldn't rule out the possibility that a school might have already entered and occupied Fire Peak.

After some discussion, they still decided to seize Fire Peak.

Since using the turtle-breathing skill would slow them down tremendously, Sun Rong came up with a fabulous solution.

She used Mysterious Sea's strength to combine everyone's spirit energy together to ultimately form a massive turtle shell to shield them.

"This is the Blue Turtle Shell Spell; your aura won't be exposed when you breathe inside this shell, and it produces the same effect as the turtle-breathing skill," Sun Rong explained.

Sun Rong knew how to use this spell, but she would have worried about how long it could last, if everyone's spirit energy hadn't been combined together. Now, it was like ten people driving a train as they lent Mysterious Sea their spirit energy and cast the spell together.

But this created a problem...

Mysterious Sea realized that Wang Ling really had too much energy.

As a sword spirit, this was the first time in her life that she was sensing such boundless spirit energy, and she suddenly felt the urge to cry out loudly in her heart: Stay away... I already can't take it anymore...





Chapter 1151 Group Favorite Ling Zhenren's Reserve Team


When they approached Fire Peak, the terrain finally opened up, and Wang Ling saw a huge number displayed at the top of the dome of the main peak.

[Survivors remaining: 759]

This was the number of current survivors. In less than four hours, a bunch of people had already been eliminated.

Wang Ling surmised that there would be two waves of mass elimination. The first wave would be when everyone was seizing territory in the first two days. When the situation stabilized after a few days, most school teams would adopt a defensive strategy, and the second wave of mass elimination would happen on the seventh and eighth days of the competition.

In order to win, everyone would inevitably engage in close battle, and when that time came, the officials would definitely intervene to manipulate the situation. For example, they would deliberately direct powerful spirit beasts toward campsites to drive people out.

Apart from ensuring the students' safety, the teachers in charge of security were actually also responsible for directing the way, which in the national competition meant making use of strong spirit beasts and driving them in particular directions; essentially, this wasn't that different to the shrinking poisonous circle in the combined military training for six schools.

But to use the spirit beasts, you had to ensure that they were strong enough to act as deterrents.

On the entire journey, while Wang Ling did his best to contain the naturally aggressive aura which he gave off, the nearby spirit beasts in the jungle didn't dare approach the group at all.

It wasn't just spirit beasts; even snakes, rats and ants that sensed his aura hurriedly fled...

Furthermore, there were also Wang Zhen, Liu Qingyi, Gu Shunzhi, Zhenyuan and Fang Xing, these five. Including Wang Ling, this six-men team was just like walking demon-repellent incense that terrified bugs and vicious beasts alike.

Sun Rong had been moving very cautiously at the very beginning, for fear that any loud movements would alarm nearby vicious beasts; there was no way she could have expected them to be scared off by Wang Ling.

The fact that they also didn't run into any other opponents on the way simply made for an extraordinarily easy and comfortable journey, which made one wonder if they had joined a fake survival game.

"I think we might starve today; after walking for so long, we haven't even seen a monkey." Guo Hao used his sword to push aside the shrubs in front of him. He had also been moving very cautiously at the very beginning, but his movements had become increasingly rough.

"Forget a monkey, there isn't even a bird." Li Youyue also felt surprised. Logically speaking, given the abundant resources around Fire Peak, it was strange that they hadn't run into even one spirit beast. She had been planning to showcase her excellent culinary skills in the wild, but it seemed that she wouldn't get that chance.

Their words in fact caught Wang Ling's attention.

The fact that they hadn't been hampered by any spirit beasts at all on their journey was indeed a little strange.

Wang Ling had originally intended to lay low, and since he had decided to put on an act, then he had to see it through to the end.

Magnifying his spiritual will, the information was instantly transmitted to Zhuo Yi, who was in the command center.

"Not good, shifu's in trouble..." Zhuo Yi received the news and understood Wang Ling's difficulty, but he couldn't directly intervene in this matter. With Old Huang, President Qi as well as the numerous headmasters around, it would be too blatant if he directly took action.

Fortunately, Zhuo Yi had already made preparations beforehand. He took out his phone and "shook" the window for a new group chat called [Group Favorite Ling Zhenren's Reserve Team].

Er Ha: "What's going on?"

Xiao Yin: "What happened to Master?"

Zhuo Yi: "Shifu's aura is too strong and has scared off the nearby spirit beasts in the jungle. We need to come up with a solution."

Er Ha: "Understood. That is to say, we need to look for a bunch to put on a show?"

Xiao Yin: "Leave it to me!"

Zhuo Yi nodded before sending a reminder: "When the two of you take action, make sure to cooperate with each other. It wasn't easy to arrange for the both of you to enter the security team... It would be bad if this is found out."

"Understood." One Silver and one dog nodded.

Xiao Yin and Er Ha had gone to Nine Dragon Mountain with Lord Thunder; even Wang Ling hadn't known about this. Zhuo Yi had long anticipated that something unexpected might happen, so he arranged identities for Xiao Yin and Er Ha on the security team beforehand.

Since Er Ha could already take human form, infiltrating the team was naturally a lot easier.

After receiving the message, one Silver and one dog immediately started to make preparations.

"Master is currently close to Fire Peak." From a mountain peak, Xiao Yin used his spiritual senses to feel out the creatures in the area; sure enough, they were running wildly in all directions.

"As expected, it's chaos." Er Ha nodded and sighed inwardly. Spirit beasts had an innate ability to sense danger, which was a little similar to a human's sixth sense, and sometimes even more accurate.

Thus, Wang Ling might not have released his aura, but as he walked through the jungle, the royal, overbearing qi which he gave off had the air of an ancient vicious beast.

But dealing with his matter wasn't that tricky.

Xiao Yin and Er Ha showed up at the mouth of a hidden cave, and Xiao Yin bit his finger so that one drop of his holy beast blood fell to the ground.

"Will this be useful?" Er Ha expressed his doubts.

"My holy beast blood is a natural draw for other spirit beasts. Don't you think so?" Xiao Yin raised his eyebrows.

"..." In fact, the mention of Xiao Yin's holy beast blood made Er Ha feel a little sick.

In order to heal him and remold his demon physique as soon as possible, Little Master Ling had fed him basin after basin of holy beast blood... and it had already become a shadow over Er Ha's heart.

Delicacies, no matter how delicious, would always make people sick after too much of it...

It was the same with holy beast blood.

However, for those spirit beasts which had never had it before, Xiao Yin's blood would indeed be naturally attractive.

After a while, Xiao Yin could hear the sounds of spirit beasts stirring restlessly; in a short moment, it was as if the whole jungle had been revived. Startled, countless birds took flight, leading to an unusual bird tide phenomenon as they flew circles in the sky.

A mere drop of holy beast blood could actually create such tumult. Although he had already anticipated such a scene, Er Ha was still shaken; it was similar to the demon beast rampage back then.

"Can you sense it... They're coming."

"Capture the king first to capture his followers. Take down the spirit beast kings first, but be careful not to kill them."

"We just need to scare them, right?"

"That's right, and we need to catch them alive."

"I get it already, we're sending them to Master as extras, so we can't hurt them."

"By the way, a little reward for doing this would be nice."

"Then, half a drop of holy beast blood for each beast king. It's a good deal."

"..."





Chapter 1152 Why Is Wang Ling's Flesh So Nice?


The lethal attraction of holy beast blood caused an uproar in the jungle and drew the attention of several giant spirit beasts close to Fire Peak.

"This scent..." A monkey king with massive arms wrapped in spirit flame licked its thin lips. It was already drooling at the scent, which was similar to that of a thousand-year nectarine.

"A level two flaming arm giant monkey king, a level two blood claw serpent king, dozens of level three spirit beasts, and hundreds of level four and level five spirit beasts..." Er Ha sensed the change in the jungle. As long as he kept these spirit beasts under control, it would be enough to put on a good show.

With Xiao Yin and Er Ha working together, dealing with these spirit beasts was a piece of cake.

The level two monkey king and serpent king, which had been the first to arrive, were subdued on the spot. Er Ha used the level two serpent king's body, which was dozens of meters long, as a rope to firmly tie up the monkey king.

"Upper Immortal, spare us." The two level two spirit beasts who were completely wrapped up together were utterly stupefied; they never thought that a holy beast and a quasi-holy beast would actually show up here. What was more, the quasi-holy beast was a green-furred akita that had actually cultivated a human form!

It should be known that they had already cultivated for over a thousand years, but had yet to achieve a human form.

...

Ten or so minutes later, the team from Number 60 High saw birds wheeling in the sky and hundreds of beasts rushing around in the jungle in front of them.

Led by the level two monkey king and serpent king, numerous spirit beasts ran rings around Wang Ling, but had no desire to fight him, and were just going through the motions... Wang Ling knew that it had to be Xiao Yin and Er Ha who had organized this.

He had already smelled Xiao Yin's holy beast blood earlier, and after suddenly encountering this bunch of spirit beasts who shouldn't have appeared, but were now rushing about, he instantly knew what had happened.

It was very obvious that these spirit beasts had been forced by Xiao Yin and Er Ha to act as extras.

Wang Ling sighed inwardly at how tough it was to act as extras; while they were running about, it wasn't a chaotic mess; the number of spirit beasts in the area for this exercise had to be controlled. If they swarmed forward in one go, it was possible that this area would be deemed at risk of a beast tide.

The beast tide phenomenon happened every now and then on Night Dragon Mountain, but on average, it was usually once every three months at most. Travel during a beast tide was extremely dangerous, and the command center would definitely send people to intervene at that time and investigate the cause.

There was no need to let that happen.

Luckily, under Xiao Yin and Er Ha's command, these spirit beasts acted in an orderly fashion and didn't arouse the suspicions of the command center.

More spirit beasts gradually filled the surroundings, which added a little more color to this dull jungle adventure.

The truth was that it didn't matter or not if there were any spirit beasts around; Wang Ling and the others could survive on spirit fruits and berries. However, it had been a little unreal just now when there weren't any spirit beasts around at all.

After another half an hour, Number 60 High reached Fire Peak. To their pleasant surprise, there were no signs of a campsite on Fire Peak.

In other words, Number 60 High was the first to arrive.

"We're actually the first team?" Chen Chao felt surprised.

The monkey king and serpent king who were currently running around in the jungle were feeling bitter. They had been forced by Xiao Yin and Er Ha to not only agree to put on a show, but to also disrupt the competition by sending lots of little monkeys and serpents to interfere with other teams who had planned to occupy Fire Peak.

This was why Fire Peak looked so clean and untouched when the Number 60 High team arrived...

...

Elsewhere, the mahjong group led by General Bai cooperated with the command center and snuck into the area where Human Devil Xia Lixing was suspected to be.

There were no students in this area; all of them had been shepherded away by the teachers.

"Human Devil was here..." The Old Devil gazed at traces of withered spirit plants on the ground. Only Xia Lixing had this terrifying ability to wantonly devour life.

As they advanced, they could sense Human Devil's power of death and blight.

General Bai gazed at the footprints on the ground; each of them gave off the smell of death. For anyone who stepped on Human Devil's footprints and followed in his path, the cells in their bodies would swiftly wither and die, as if they had been exposed to radiation.

"He's stronger..." The Old Devil stared at the footprints on the ground, a hint of worry on his face under the Three Circles mask.

"How have things changed compared with when you fought him last time?" asked General Bai.

"It's very troublesome." The Old Devil shook his head slightly and said bluntly, "When I fought him back then, only the places he touched would wither and age. This large area of decay, however, now proves that Xia Lixing's Holy Devil Imprisonment Technique has advanced greatly... even to the point of perfection."

All of a sudden, the Old Deil's expression turned alarmed. "Not good!"

"What are you thinking?"

"The Holy Devil Imprisonment Technique can help him absorb the souls and devour the cells of all living things. Nature phenomena like the rainbow mist occur every day on Nine Dragon Mountain... For example, if this person devours all living things on Nine Dragon Mountain, and then waits for them to be revived by the rainbow mist, and then devours them again... If this continues nonstop..."

After the Old Devil said this, everyone else present shuddered. If this really happened, it truly would be the legendary perpetual motion machine.

Devour living things, then devour them again... General Bai truly hadn't considered this.

"We must get rid of Human Devil Xia Lixing as soon as possible." General Bai was deeply aware how serious this matter was. This area had already been blocked off, and the top priority now was to get rid of Human Devil Xia Lixing!

What was worse was that since coming here, they hadn't found any traces of Human Devil. This was an absolutely cunning enemy; if they didn't get rid of him, who knew what would happen.

General Bai contacted the command center again. "Command center! We have yet to find traces of Human Devil Xia Lixing - please triangulate his position again!"

...

The truth was that at that very moment, a black shadow was quietly following Wang Ling.

After Human Devil was resurrected, he urgently needed a young body brimming with energy to become complete, and his target was none other than the ten individuals from Number 60 High.

To be exact, his main target was Wang Ling...

For some reason, Xia Lixing sensed that the aura on the body of this young man with the dead fish eyes was extremely tasty, far beyond that of his peers. Although everyone was of the same age in the group, their bodies in the end were essentially different.

As a well-rounded young man in the aspects of morality, intelligence, physique, beauty, and labor, the reason why Wang Ling's flesh was so nice was very simple.

It was because he slept and got up early, he didn't drink soda, and he didn't stay up late...





Chapter 1153 High-End Automatic Pill Maker


Human Devil Xia Lixing really lived up to his reputation; the highest realm wasn't to devour all living things, but to meld them all together.

After cultivating the "Holy Devil Imprisonment Technique" to perfection, Xia Lixing could easily turn himself into a shadow and lurk in the shadows of living things as he waited for the right moment.

It was usually difficult to detect this sort of hidden operation.

Well...

It wasn't anything out of the ordinary.

The truth was that the moment Xia Ling set his eye on Number 60 High, Wang Ling had already detected his presence.

It was just that Wang Ling didn't know that the person following him was the legendary Human Devil Xia Lixing.

After all, Wang Ling hadn't even been born when Xia Lixing rampaged through the world.

But times had changed and things were different now.

No one could have expected that one day, an invincible baby would be born.

Furthermore, the baby's parents were crazy enough to have a second child...

...

In fact, it wasn't just Wang Ling who had noticed Xia Lixing; so had Fang Xing, Wang Zhen, Liu Qingyi, Gu Shunzhi and Zhenyuan.

But when they saw that Wang Ling wasn't taking any action, they didn't hurry to act.

In the next moment, they communicated with each other in the mental space constructed from their thoughts.

"I sense malice behind us. Should we do something to get rid of it?" Wang Zhen asked. Used to his parents beating him up since young, he was especially sensitive to malice. Wang Zhen had known the moment Xia Lixing appeared, and he had swiftly thought up countermeasures. When it came to Xia Lixing's devouring spell, which he relied on to get stronger, normal attacks were sure to be ineffective; only a combined mental attack to severely injure his soul would work.

"But Ling Zhenren hasn't made a move yet; I think we should just let it be. In any case, he isn't much of a threat; he's just an annoying mosquito." Liu Qingyi shook her head slightly. Devouring spells might appear tricky, but they were in fact just child's play in the Domain of the Gods above. Nowadays, most cultivators who still used devouring spells to become stronger had unstable foundations - they looked strong, but would collapse at a single blow.

"I also think that there's some deeper meaning for Ling Zhenren to not act. Why don't we leave it for now and observe the situation?" Zhenyuan also nodded his head and expressed his opinion in the mental chat space. "My Crimson Flame Jade Ruler Mirror can combat this sort of devilish spell. If necessary, I can directly wipe this devil off the map at any time without leaving a trace."

"There's no need to use a sledgehammer to crack a nut. Immortal, you can relax. I just checked the Heavenly Dao list, and I've discovered that this Xia Lixing is currently on the Heavenly Dao wanted list. He'll be punished by Heavenly Dao for his cruelty, so it makes no difference if we leave him alone for now. He'll disappear sooner or later," Gu Shunzhi said at that moment. He was the cosmic keeper of order, and knew the name of every wicked person.

While Xia Lixing had a very high criminal index value in this world, he didn't even rank in the top 100 on the Heavenly Dao wanted list.

So after Gu Shunzhi checked this Human Devil Xia Lixing's wanted index value, he instantly lost interest in him. This was nothing more than an ant that could be squashed to death at any time; how could he possibly be more important than the competition?

...

On the other side, Xia Lixing was feeling a little suspicious - for some reason, he felt like he had been discovered?

But these people in front of him were nothing more than students of a cultivation high school.

Indeed, Xia Lixing didn't really believe that he had been discovered. They were just a bunch of Foundation Establishment students... How could they possibly detect him?

He had to be mistaken.

He was extremely confident in his "Holy Devil Imprisonment Technique." Logically speaking, no one should be able to detect him when he was hiding. Now, however, Xia Lixing was starting to have doubts about this operation.

Thus, he didn't take action right away, but decided to observe for a while longer.

Then, it turned into a very bizarre scene.

At that very moment, six people from Number 60 High were aware of Xia Lixing's existence.

But the grand and mighty Human Devil Xia Lixing didn't know that he had become their target...

...

Late in the afternoon, Number 60 High occupied a pretty good position on Fire Peak.

Wang Ling, Guo Hao, Chen Chao and Xia Ming were responsible for cutting down trees and gathering wood to build a temporary camp.

The two ladies Li Youyue and Liu Qingyi were in charge of lighting a fire for cooking.

Wang Zhen, Gu Shunzhi, Zhenyuan and Fang Xing were responsible for collecting spirit plants and hunting.

Hunting wasn't anything difficult for them.

Because of Xiao Yin and Er Ha's earlier summons, the level two serpent king and monkey king were also responsible for helping out in the jungle hunt as they offered up prey as sacrifice to Number 60 High... Thus, the food Number 60 High had that night was especially plentiful. In addition to the spirit fruits and berries on Nine Dragon Mountain which they had collected, Wang Zhen and the others had also caught a wild level four fire yak, which was enough food for all of them.

"Level four? How did you catch it?" Li Youyue found it incredible; she had initially thought that catching a few pheasants would already be amazing enough.

They could actually eat beef on the first day of this survival battle...

"It wasn't that hard. We had barely gone a few steps when we saw it lying to one side and already dying. To end Brother Yak's pain, I went up and finished it with one strike," Wang Zhen said.

Li Youyue: "..."

On the other side, the construction of the camp was also done. Wang Ling actually didn't help much, only because Chen Chao and Guo Hao were too enthusiastic. After cutting down the trees, they used their spirit swords to slice the tree trunks lengthwise, before they carefully peeled off the rough tree bark. This bark was very dry, and could be used to make a fire.

They then gathered lots of banana leaves to cover the tops of the huts, and just like that, two temporary huts were set up, one for the boys and one for the girls.

Chen Chao was sweating profusely, but he couldn't hide his excitement. "This really is like a real life version of Minecraft! How exciting!"

Once the two huts were set up, everyone looked again at the huge number projected over the dome-shaped peak.

[Survivors remaining: 678]

Nearly seventy more students had been eliminated...

"Two people per team on sentry duty tonight; we'll rotate every hour." After giving the instruction, Sun Rong began to use some of the spirit plants collected by Wang Zhen and the others to make medicine.

"Don't you need equipment?" Wang Zhen asked.

"Of course I do." Saying this, Sun Rong opened Mysterious Sea's sword spirit space once again and took out a multi-functional, high-end automatic pill maker.

This was a foolproof machine - the spirit plants and herbal medicine just needed to be put into the machine, which would automatically filter them and quickly make the medicine based on what was required. It was a lot more convenient than a pill furnace! Furthermore, this automatic pill maker was also exclusive to Huaguo Water Curtain Group.

Everyone was stupefied. "Even this is possible?"

All the headmasters in the command center were also astonished.

"Wasn't it said that it can't be considered cheating if we can bring things in undetected?" Sun Rong smiled bashfully.

Actually, there was also a compressed high-end villa capsule in her sword spirit space... It just needed to be thrown on the ground, and a villa would instant spring up.

But on second thought, Sun Rong felt that this might be too much and could even destroy the balance in the game, so she didn't take it out.

However, when it came down to it, as long as Number 60 High had Wang Ling...

The balance would always be broken...





Chapter 1154 An Uproar At Night


The temperature on Nine Dragon Mountain plummeted at night. Looking into the distance from his high vantage point on Fire Peak, Wang Ling saw that a lot of areas were actually covered in ice, and it was even snowing; it was a completely different world from Fire Peak.

Fire Peak had a tropical climate, where it was very hot during the day but dropped to a decent temperature at night.

Theoretically speaking, Fire Peak was thus a pretty ideal site for barracks. However, the Number 60 High team never expected that even after setting up camp here for so long, nobody showed up to fight them for this territory.

The cold air in the distance converged with the warm air here to instantly create a vast fog which looked remarkably similar to scenes in The Game of Thrones.

It was more dangerous to act at night than during the day, but if someone was in fact good at using the fog as cover, the chances of a successful sneak raid increased significantly.

Wang Ling was hence currently wondering whether anyone would decide to use this opportunity to launch a night attack on them.

But whether there was a night raid or not, Wang Ling didn't really care. In his eyes, this competition was nothing more than a game to pass the time. He didn't treat it seriously, nor did he release his spiritual perception to spy on the enemy.

It was fine to just take things as they came.

At that moment, Wang Ling felt something heavy hit him in the back of his head with a fierce thud, which was then followed by a crisp sound of a collision.

Hm...

Someone had launched a sneak attack on him.

But he had long sensed this person.

Wang Ling thought that this blow might trigger the life-saving effect of the golden talisman, and if he seized the opportunity to collapse and wait to be rescued by the teachers, he might be able to leave the competition as soon as possible.

Unfortunately, that pathetic strike was far from lethal when it came to Wang Ling, and thus didn't trigger the life-saving effect.

The person who had attacked Wang Ling was none other than the team captain of Titan High School, Zhu Hanyun.

It had been a precise blow to the back of the head. The strength which Zhu Hanyun had put into it should have been enough to trigger the golden talisman's defense mechanism before the other party realized what was happening. However, Wang Ling just scratched his head like nothing had happened, which stupefied Zhu Hanyun, who was behind him, as well as instantly caused the latter to raise his guard!

This person...

There was something wrong with him.

That was Zhu Hanyun's shocked thought.

Not only wasn't Wang Ling injured by the blow, it turned Zhu Hanyun's palm numb instead.

"Retreat!" In this desperate situation, Zhu Hanyun sent out a telepathic signal, and Titan High School, who had been prepared to besiege Number 60 High, immediately retreated from the front line.

The truth was that there were a few schools at the foot of Fire Peak at that moment who had joined hands in a plan to surround and attack Number 60 High.

Titan High School had been dispatched as the vanguard, but not long after the school had gone up, everyone unexpectedly received Zhu Hanyun's retreat order.

The temporary cultivation high school alliance formed by Titan High, South Sea Sky High, North Fist High and West Leg Tyrant High gathered together to enquire about the situation.

"What happened?"

"Senior brother is injured!" The little junior sister from Titan High School, Yan Xiaochun, supported Zhu Hanyun as they retreated back down Nine Dragon Mountain.

"How was he hurt?"

South Sea Sky High immediately sent a healing-type student over, who examined Zhu Hanyun's injury. "His right arm is broken - it needs to be put into a splint and wrapped right away, otherwise there might be repercussions."

"Broken?" The team captain of South Sea Sky High, Nan Yixiu, frowned deeply.

Zhu Hanyun's body was extremely hard, yet even with such a physique, he had suffered a fracture; it must have been a violent attack. The problem, however, was that they had been watching the mountain peak closely from the bottom, and there hadn't been any movements at all...

So, the question was: How did Zhu Hanyun injure his arm?

At that moment, Zhu Hanyun's entire face was red; he was so ashamed that he didn't want to say a single word about what happened.

Even if he did, he wasn't going to tell the truth.

He had picked up a rock to attack someone else. Furthermore, he had hit the person on the back of the head, which was a lethal weak point. In the end, not only wasn't the other party injured, Zhu Hanyun himself had gotten a fracture.

What utter humiliation!

"The other side is very dangerous!" Helpless, Zhu Hanyun could only exaggerate his words to magnify Number 60 High's strength. "I was going to ambush them, but was spotted. They already made preparations earlier on, and used a very strange defensive spell which caused my power to rebound back on me, which is how I ended up like this..."

"The other side was already prepared?" Hearing that, Nan Yixiu frowned deeply.

It seemed that there was also a perception-type player on Number 60 High's team.

Not only had they foreseen this night attack, they had even taken precautions.

If it really was as Zhu Hanyun said, and the other side had set up a defensive spell which caused his attack to rebound... Nan Yixiu could only think of the Reverse Shield Spell.

But given Zhu Hanyun's physique, even if he had been hit with the Reverse Shield Spell, it shouldn't be to the extent of getting his arm broken.

Unless, the other side had cultivated the Reverse Shield Spell to a very high level, which had to be level seven or eight at the very least...

They were all Foundation Establishment students.

Someone had actually cultivated the Reverse Shield Spell, which was a spell that wasn't part of their main syllabus, to such a high level - Nan Yixiu found this utterly inconceivable.

He never expected their plan to attack Number 60 High from all sides to actually fail at the get go...

But Fire Peak was a very important stronghold, and with their four major high schools joining forces, they had to crack this tough nut.

"Don't send anyone up for now; the best would be to force them to come down the mountain somehow."

"Set a fire?" someone suggested.

"Set fire to the mountain and you'll spend the rest of your life in prison..."

"Of course we can't randomly set the mountain on fire. Given Nine Dragon Mountain's unique terrain, however, the rainbow mist in the morning can restore the vegetation and also put out the fire. There shouldn't be any problems.

"But our main aim for competing with Number 60 High over Fire Peak is to obtain resources. It'll take some time for the rainbow mist to restore the vegetation. If we seize this territory by setting a fire, it'll be meaningless since all the spirit plants will have been burned. We have to think of another way," said Nan Yixiu.

...

On the other side, in Number 60 High's camp on the mountaintop, Gu Shunzhi had already long noticed the movements at the foot of the mountain. While the bottom of the mountain was covered in a heavy fog, it meant nothing to Gu Shunzhi at all.

"There are forty people at the bottom." Gu Shunzhi used a stick to sketch out on the ground the distribution of forces at the foot of the mountain. Students from four cultivation high schools had locked onto Number 60's camp, and were ready to move.

"Are we surrounded?"

Both Chen Chao and Guo Hao frowned; for the time being, they couldn't see a way to break out.

A few minutes later, countless nether flames appeared down below.

"The other side is using the Spirit-Summoning Technique." Chen Chao immediately recognized this spell.

Because this was the first thing they had learned in Teacher Pan's talisman class in the first semester!

It was also during that very talisman lesson that Wang Ling had used this method to call forth the remnants of Er Ha's soul...





Chapter 1155 Spirit-Summoning Technique Showdown


As the saying went, the greatest truths were the simplest. As a compulsory subject in the first semester of the Foundation Establishment cultivation high school freshmen year, it went without saying how important the Spirit-Summoning Technique was. Recalling how Wang Ling had summoned Er Ha by accident back then, and seeing the technique now, everyone instantly felt a sense of familiarity.

They were now under siege by four high schools. After Zhu Hanyun, as the vanguard, lost, Nan Yixiu immediately thought of using the Spirit-Summoning Technique for the joint siege.

There were forty people in total from the four high schools. When they joined forces, the number of spirits they could summon with the technique was no less than a few hundred!

While using these spirits as a vanguard force might not cause the students of Number 60 High any injuries, it was more than enough to sound them out.

Besides, as a basic spell, the Spirit-Summoning Technique didn't consume much spirit energy.

After repeated summonings, there was a massive horde of spirits.

When these spirits of varying colors surrounded the foot of the mountain, it was a ghastly sight right out of a sci-fi blockbuster film.

Nine Dragon Mountain was a modern national natural conservatory for spirit plants and spirit beasts. The spirits that could be summoned weren't weak; the weakest was still a level six spirit beast. Although Zhu Hanyun's arm was broken, it didn't affect his ability to summon spirits with his other hand — he summoned a level four three-headed fire lion!

For a Foundation Establishment cultivator to summon a level four spirit was very remarkable.

It could only be said, as expected of Zhu Hanyun, Titan High's team captain.

While his vanguard operation had failed, it couldn't hide how outstanding he was.

"As expected of Captain Zhu. With this level four fire lion as the vanguard of the spirit army, we'll definitely destroy Number 60 High's troop formation!" When Nan Yixiu saw the results of everyone's summonings, he felt that the situation was firmly in their hands.

Although each summoned spirit certainly wasn't as strong as the real thing, and only had twenty percent of the original's fighting strength, these spirits should be more than enough to deal with the Number 60 High team who was on top of the mountain.

The four high schools were currently working together, and it was understandable that they would flatter each other. But Zhu Hanyun, who had experienced how odd Number 60 High was for himself, felt unhappy for some reason when he heard Nan Yixiu's overblown praise.

He felt that Number 60 High was hiding a lot of talent, and that they had underestimated this school.

Zhu Hanyun dimly recalled, before coming for this competition, that their Headmaster Liu Tian had told them not to look down on the other schools, especially Number 60 High!

When Zhu Hanyun recalled the headmaster's advice, he instantly felt that the words were wise.

At that moment, the four high schools were working together to surround and attack Number 60 High. They had the superior numbers, which seemed to give them the upper hand. However, Number 60 High had now firmly established their position on the mountain, and had successfully set up camp. If the four schools stuck to their original battle plan and sent out troops, only to encounter unusual maneuvers, it would in fact be very hard to predict the outcome.

While they had the advantage in numbers, too many people was also a shortcoming... They had yet to occupy an advantageous position, and so had yet to effectively combine their resources together. If it became a war of attrition, the tables could turn on them.

...

On top of the mountain, Number 60 High also swiftly formulated a strategy in the face of the spirits that were gradually surrounding the foot of the mountain. Given their disadvantageous situation, they decided to hold fast to their position.

Number 60 High also had Mysterious Sea, and wasn't worried at all that the people at the foot of the mountain might use a dirty tactic like cutting off their water source. Mysterious Sea was very strong; if necessary, Sun Rong could use the "South-North Water Diversion" move to create a route from a nearby river to their feet.

In fact, the moment the spirits appeared, Gu Shunzhi had already come up with 16,820 ways to instantly get rid of them. If he did that, however, he would expose his true strength... After all, they had come to Number 60 High to learn from Wang Ling how to keep a low profile.

"Since they're using the Spirit-Summoning Technique, we might as well do the same," Chen Chao suggested at that moment. Everyone could use the Spirit-Summoning Technique, so what it came down to was sheer luck. Zhu Hanyun was able to summon a level four three-headed fire lion. At the same level of spirit energy, Chen Chao felt that he should be able to summon something that was around the same level.

Gu Shunzhi: "Using the Spirit-Summoning Technique, is it..."

In fact, it wasn't impossible.

But Gu Shunzhi, Wang Zhen and the others knew very well that if they used this strategy... it carried risks...

They could control their powers, so doing a precise summoning absolutely wasn't a problem.

But god only knew what frightening thing their Ling Zhenren would summon.

"Then that's settled! I'll go first!" As the captain, Sun Rong raised her hand. She swiftly did the hand seals, and spirit energy gathered in her palms, before she slammed her hands down on the ground!

A spirit-summoning array quickly lit up on the ground, and a huge, pure white flower appeared in front of their eyes.

"What's this?"

"It looks like the snow hibiscus on Nine Dragon Mountain's Ice Peak! It's a level four spirit plant, and has some spiritual intelligence!"

"As expected of Captain Sun Rong!" Chen Chao and the others marveled.

Then they all began to summon spirits.

The spirit that Guo Hao summoned this time was a giant heaven-capturing spirit elephant. While its size wasn't a problem, it was too heavy, so it didn't necessarily move quickly. Besides, it was a level six spirit elephant, which didn't have formidable fighting strength overall.

"Ah, how unlucky." Guo Hao sighed. He hadn't gotten a great result at all with his summoning in class before, so he had secretly practiced the Spirit-Summoning Technique for a long time. In the end, when it came to the actual competition, he had nothing to show for it.

"It's a matter of luck sometimes in a competition; maybe you aren't cut out for a major competition." When it was Xia Ming's turn, he sneered. He was very confident in his Spirit-Summoning Technique. After obtaining extraordinary power from that mysterious white-haired young man, whatever he summoned would surely be unmatched.

He had to put on a good show in front of Sun Rong!

With that in mind, he began to do the hand seals in one smooth flow.

To everyone's surprise, however, when Xia Ming slapped his hands down on the ground to activate the spirit-summoning array, a huge array appeared...

What was going on?

The people at the foot of the mountain were stupefied. This spirit-summoning array was too big and rare... It actually burst out beyond Fire Peak and covered half the mountain, like a hula hoop.

Xia Ming himself was frightened by this scale. He had just wanted to show off in front of the girl he liked, but the situation now was a little beyond his expectations.

Boom! With a loud rumble, a giant lava hand, as big as a mountain, emerged from the massive spirit-summoning array...

...

Looking at this giant hand, Wang Ling sighed.

The hair on the back of this giant hand instantly stood up...





Chapter 1156 Everyone's Stupefied Faces


Fire Peak's mountain spirit...

No one knew exactly what happened. As the spell caster, Xia Ming was frozen with stupefaction. The mountain spirit of Fire Peak was a super level one creature of nature, and was much stronger than spirit beasts! Xia Ming never thought that he would actually summon the mountain spirit with the most basic Spirit Summoning Technique!

At that moment, every single person at the foot of the mountain was staring at this giant lava hand with stupefied faces; they were utterly frozen with shock.

"What the heck is that thing?"

"Mountain spirit?"

"How can a Foundation Establishment student summon a mountain spirit?! Even if he's Grandpa Lu1 reborn, this cheat is too crazy!"

1(Refers to Lu Benwei, the Chinese live stream gamer who is infamous for cheating.) "Retreat! Retreat! Everyone, keep your distance from it!"

Nan Yixiu majored in perception-type magic. He had been observing the movements on the mountaintop all this time, and when the mountain spirit came out, his brain just flatlined and collapsed!

...

At the same time, numerous screens in the command center were flashing. Looking at the scene on the screens, the headmasters rose to their feet one by one in alarm.

"This is... the mountain spirit?"

"Can the Spirit Summoning Technique summon a mountain spirit?"

"It can in theory, but the chances are low. For a Foundation Establishment cultivator to summon one - is this a freak accident?"

"Who cares - right now, our priority is to save the students! What do we do?!" a headmaster cried out, and his words woke everyone up from their reverie. The mountain spirit had appeared, and the power which this one hand contained was like the wrath of nature; it was far from anything that Foundation Establishment cultivators could contend with.

Although these creatures of nature would stir at particular times of the year, they usually would never reveal their true forms. Actually, a lot of times when natural disasters like earthquakes, tsunamis, and landslides happened, they were signs of a mountain spirit stirring, and they were roused when human activity disrupted the serenity of nature. It went without saying how powerful they were; turning over or a yawn could sometimes cause great destruction.

This was also called the force of nature.

At the same time, mountain spirits were shy creatures which seldom revealed their true forms to human cultivators. Some of them slept for hundreds of years or over a thousand years, and they were more used to lying dormant and hidden in the dark.

Thus, it wasn't an exaggeration to say that the mountain spirit of Fire Peak waking up at this moment, and even stretching out one hand, was an anomaly.

"Organize to have people sent over at once." Old Huang was instantly on the alert.

The inopportune appearance of this mountain spirit reminded him all of a sudden of a very rare possibility...

"Does teacher suspect that this is the work of some evil force?" Director Qi instantly understood. Only human malice could disturb the slumber of nature spirits like the mountain spirit. It was very unlikely that a Foundation Establishment student could rouse a mountain spirit with the Spirit Summoning Technique, unless there was an even more sinister presence nearby! Hence, the moment Student Xia Ming summoned a spirit, evil power surged into the channel which was opened up by the Spirit Summoning Technique, instantly waking up the mountain spirit.

If one were to describe this feeling, it was like being woken up from a sound sleep with a fierce slap to the face.

...

Very quickly, Wang Ling saw the red robes of the special forces in the distance as they hurried over from the station, each of them holding a Code of Nature book. It was clear that they had already prepared for a crisis like this. While the chances of the mountain spirit waking up was very slim, that didn't mean it wouldn't happen.

Code of Nature was a pure, musical bible that had been compiled by Almighty-level cultivators. When a particular sound wave spell was sung in unison, it could placate nature spirits.

But the current situation was a lot worse than anyone could have imagined.

The evil power which had possessed Xia Ming had boosted his strength. Summoning the soul of a level one or level two spirit beast actually wouldn't be unusual, but summoning a mountain spirit was a huge problem.

And the catalyst for the mountain spirit's awakening was Human Devil, who had been following and observing them from the shadows the entire time.

"I can't wait anymore."

Wang Ling sighed inwardly.

He liked peace and quiet.

And what he hated most was when people bothered him.

He didn't want to be in this national competition.

He wanted the peace being disrupted even less.

Unless the problem was destroyed at its root, it would be very hard to coax the mountain spirit back to sleep just by singing Code of Nature.

Wang Ling fixed his eyes on the shadow which had been following him for a long time in the dark.

Human Devil Xia Lixing was the cause of this disaster.

...

At that moment, Xia Lixing exulted when he saw the mountain spirit appear in its true form. His Holy Devil Imprisonment Technique could devour all living things; if he could devour the mountain spirit, he would become three times stronger than when he had been at his peak!

But just as Xia Lixing was about to take action in the next breath, he felt eyes on him...

A large pair of eyes was fixed on his back like the sun, which made Xia Lixing instantly doubt his entire existence. He sensed that an immense power had locked onto him, like he was nothing more than a small meteorite that had been marked and would be swallowed up at any time.

What was going on?

Who on earth was it...

Two big questions sprung up in Xia Lixing's mind.

Then, he heard the sound of footsteps in the dark.

It was one of Number 60 High's Foundation Establishment youngsters, walking toward him.

Xia Lixing: "?"

Was it this person?

Xia Lixing could feel his three views collapsing.

He had wondered earlier if his presence had been detected...

Wang Ling's movements now answered his question perfectly.

As Wang Ling's slightly small and thin figure gradually approached Xia Lixing -

Xia Lixing's mood fluctuated wildly.

He was surprised, then shocked, and finally, he was deeply afraid.

Wang Ling reached out one hand and simply suppressed him with the Great Purification Spell.

The spirits of the living creatures which Xia Lixing had devoured recently instantly poured out of his body, which was like a black hole!

It was just a split second.

In the forbidden zone where General Bai and the three-person Mahjong Squad had been earlier, the withered spirit plants and dead spirit beasts were miraculously revived.

This frantic outpouring left Xia Lixing weak all over.

The power of Wang Ling's Great Purification Spell was far beyond Xia Lixing's imagination - it actually had the powerful effect of turning the rotten into the miraculous.

"Who on earth are you..." Xia Lixing was terrified.

Wang Ling faced him.

He didn't want to say a single word.

This guy was too weak.

He was weaker than anyone in the three-person Mahjong Squad.

He had devoured too many souls, but hadn't digested them properly, so his strength hadn't increased at its core.

He was thus directly reduced to his original form by the Great Purification Spell.

Furthermore, using the King's Eye and the power of Fate Dao together, Wang Ling could see that the Human Devil in front of him was someone who had already died before.

Since he was already dead -

Just let him sleep forever.

So, there was no need for superfluous words.

Wang Ling stretched out one hand and placed it on Xia Lixing's forehead as he used the Great Salvation Spell.





Chapter 1157 Wang Ling's Great Salvation Spell


This familiar pattern of a dead person coming back to life confirmed Wang Ling's guess.

Whether it was Bai Youquan, the son of President Bai, or Nightmare, whom President Qi had captured in Nine Dragon Pagoda, it was the same person pulling all the strings behind the scenes.

The profound truth of Fate Dao was to control life and death, to overturn the heavens and change one's fate; it wasn't just a simple resurrection spell. Xia Lixing had been resurrected, but the power of Fate Dao could rig it so that at a critical moment, any of the Xia Lixings in numerous parallel worlds could become his substitute and die in his place.

Thus, normal Heavenly Dao spells had no effect at all.

But the Great Salvation Spell was different. This was one of Wang Ling's top ten spells of the thirty thousand Heavenly Dao, which could help all living things in the universe to cross over; any evil spirit would fade to nothing under the effect of the Great Salvation Spell. That was to say, no matter how many times Xia Lixing was resurrected on the spot due to Fate Dao, the power of salvation would always exist as long as Wang Ling didn't lift the Great Salvation Spell that was cast on Xia Lixing.

And so, Xia Lixing was now performing the rarely seen death sit-ups in front of Wang Ling...

Wang Ling had no idea how much Fate Dao had been allocated to Xia Lixing by the mastermind behind the scenes.

If Xia Lixing had only been given one hundred, like Bai Youquan, then he would die one hundred times. If it was three thousand... then he would have to die three thousand times.

But Bai Youquan was more foolish compared with Human Devil Xia Lixing.

He thought that he could beat Wang Ling by combining the strength of one hundred Fate Dao together.

Wang Ling felt that in the end, Bai Youquan was still too green.

From what Zhuo Yi said, however, Bai Youquan's mouth was still resolutely shut. He was currently receiving the same sort of torture in Leifeng Pagoda as Immortal She Pi had experienced back then, and would be punished with thunderbolts to the head daily until he confessed.

After a minute...

Under Wang Ling's Great Salvation Spell, Xia Lixing was instantly killed close to six hundred times before he finally died for good.

If this average frequency of dying every 0.1 second was recorded down, it would be a new world record in the cultivation world.

Unfortunately, there was no one here to witness this scene. Wang Ling had cast the spell in a more secluded place, so no one saw anything at all.

After getting rid of Xia Lixing, Wang Ling walked out of the underbrush like nothing had happened. With Human Devil's death, the agitated mountain spirit calmed down. That giant hand of flowing, burning lava pulled back into the summoning array, and Fire Peak's mountain spirit fell asleep once more.

As Wang Ling had expected, Xia Lixing was the cause of this mayhem.

Fortunately, he had acted in time, or all the living things on Fire Peak might have suffered in the wake of the mountain spirit's awakening.

After all, except for Wang Ling...

Few people could fight against a force of nature.

Wang Ling never thought that he would be forced to take a class on environmental protection during this national body techniques competition on Nine Dragon Mountain.

But it wasn't over yet.

Firstly, the person pulling the strings behind the scenes had yet to be found.

Secondly, the "Eye of Rebellion" curse on Xia Ming had yet to be lifted.

Xia Ming was still traumatized by the fact that he had unintentionally summoned the mountain spirit, and had almost caused great destruction... He was still panicking when the mountain spirit calmed down, but even after that, he still had a glazed expression, and couldn't come back to his senses at all.

...

The alarm was canceled, and the magic ball in the command center, which was responsible for monitoring abnormal energy, calmed down. When the mountain spirit had woken up earlier, the numbers for the fluctuation of spirit power had instantly maxed out on the surveillance instruments, and then fell just as quickly... It was like a roller coaster.

"Strange..." Huang Feng frowned and asked, "The mountain spirit woke up, yawned, then went back to sleep?"

President Qi also frowned. "It is very strange - I think something's wrong."

It didn't seem to them that the mountain spirit would wake up for no reason at all - something must have disturbed its slumber. As for the idea that a Foundation Establishment student could summon the mountain spirit with the Spirit Summoning Technique, this could in fact be explained as a complete coincidence. For instance, there might already have been signs that the mountain spirit was waking up, and the Spirit Summoning Technique just happened to have an effect similar to that of a sober-up agent.

But not everything could be explained so clearly.

They had to figure out what had disturbed the mountain spirit's slumber.

Old Huang Lao said slowly, "The laws of nature govern the survival of mankind. However powerful our cultivation, and however long we can live, there is only one planet suitable for us to live on, though we recently made a breakthrough in our exploration of space with the discovery of Divine Dao Star.

"Divine Dao Star is too far away from us, however, and is home to many other alien beings. In the end, cultural differences are a problem, and it isn't realistic for cultivators to migrate at present. So, protecting what is in front of us right now is the most important."

Many of the headmasters present nodded when they heard this.

It was indeed important to look to the future, but the priority was still to focus on the present.

Mankind still wasn't united In the current cultivation world, and there were still many shortcomings that had yet to be fixed.

The recent murders in the medical field were a prime example.

These were cultivators who were passionately devoted to their medical careers, but who were senselessly stabbed to death by hoodlums because of a few hysterical patients...

So, this world was still in need of reform and change.

But the very notion of change did imply that cultivators could make progress, step by step, and slowly make the world a perfect and united place.

"Old Qi."

At that moment, President Qi heard the sound of General Bai's voice.

President Qi: "This is the command center. Go ahead."

General Bai: "It seems that Xia Lixing is more cunning than I thought. We've lost the target... Can you locate him again?"

"Locate him again, is it?"

President Qi nodded. He spread out his mental powers and covered every inch of Nine Dragon Mountain. He had been a member of the operations team in the hunt for Xia Lixing when the latter was still alive back then, so he was naturally familiar with Human Devil.

A man couldn't disappear for no reason. Xia Lixing was very sly, so President Qi speculated that the former must have used some method to cover his tracks.

But after searching the entire area, President Qi found the outcome inconceivable.

His eyes darkened. "He's disappeared off the map... How is that possible?"

Old Huang opened his eyes and said, "Xia Lixing is dead."

President Qi was shocked. "Xia Lixing is dead? This..."

"Since you and I can't detect any traces of his aura, there's only one conclusion. A person can't disappear for no reason. Furthermore, there is too much evil energy on Xia Lixing - it's impossible for him not to leave any traces behind if he was alive."

"But how did he die? There must be a reason..."

Old Huang nodded. "Mm."

He couldn't hide the grave expression on his face.

At that moment, President Qi glanced at Zhuo Yi, who was on the side, and he confirmed that Zhuo Yi had never left the command center.

That was because based on past experience, it was Zhuo Yi who had a hand in most of these types of odd incidents...





Chapter 1158 Special Extra: New Year’s Complaint Conference (This chapter is free)


"Now, let us give a round of applause to the host of this New Year's Tucao Conference, classmate Wang Ling." Er Ha, who had transformed into a human, stared at his flowing green hair and calmly carried out the hosting work.

This New Year's complaint conference that spans the timeline is not hosted by Er Ha this time. Unfortunately, due to the limited funds of the program, just activating the time circle to bring the three protagonists together in the same space has already spent a lot of money. Went to 99 funds.

So this New Year's complaint meeting was held in Ku Xuan's pigeon nest.

There was thunderous applause in the audience, and the Thunder-Throwing Lord, Xiao Yin, and Fang Xing burst into tears, because in this complaining conference, Wang Ling... this man who had never had more than 10 lines in a year, finally spoke. Got it!

"Thank you all for the warm applause. But please be patient, because the first person to appear next is classmate Qin Zong, who is known as the only koi in the world of cultivation!"

"I heard that classmate Qin Zong was not qualified to be a guest today. He became a guest through a lottery... Well, let us welcome classmate Qin to the stage with fierce applause."

On the sofa, after being called by Loopy Toad, Qin Zong had indescribable excitement on his face.

He walked quickly onto the stage and faced the people under the stage, as well as Wang Ling, who was eating crispy noodles...

Qin Zong: "As you can see, counting me, there are actually 5 of our guests today. That is, myself, classmate Xiang Yi, classmate Lin Wan, classmate Sun Rong, and classmate Gan Jianmian... But now as you can see, Gan Jianmian... Classmate Mian has been eaten by the host Wang Ling, so this shows what kind of cruel show this is, even the guests are eaten..."

Wang Ling "..."

Qin Zong, "Classmate Xiang Yi, is also the protagonist of the third book of Ge Xuan's mind-bending book. A man who inherited a wasteland cultivation world. He made a fortune by traveling back and forth between the two worlds, picking up rubbish and building. I have to say, This is also the hardest among the three of us, and we can be called the model worker among the protagonists!”

"I, as long as I lie down and win the lottery, can be the protagonist; Classmate Wang Ling, as long as I lie down and act cute, I can be the protagonist; Classmate Xiang Yi, I don't know how many times I have died since the beginning of the book; Ku Xuan Gezi asked him After experiencing all kinds of novel ways to die, I seriously doubt that in the real world of Ku Xuan Ge, there is a buddy named Xiang Yi who once offended the old thief Ku Xuan and then was written into the book by the old thief. ”

Xiang Yi nodded crazily like a chicken pecking at rice, "Really? Actually, I've always felt this way!"

Qin Zong: "After talking about Xiang Yi, let us focus on Lin Wan. As you can see, Lin Wan is the only woman in our three books who is clearly confirmed to be the heroine! Ku Xuan Ge is obviously He didn’t even have a girlfriend, but he gave Classmate Xiang Yi a girlfriend, and even specially set Classmate Lin Wan to have a highly toxic constitution. This is obviously retaliation for Classmate Xiang!”

"Next, classmate Sun Rong!"

Qin Zong pointed his gaze over and saw Sun Rong, who was sitting in the guest seat, straightening her back and greeting everyone around her with a smile on her face.

Qin Zong cleared his throat, "I'm sorry, because Classmate Sun Rong has too few scenes, I can't find any groove. As a woman who was once forgotten by Ku Xuan Gege, although Classmate Sun Rong is trying hard to stand out in the later plots My own sense of existence, but unfortunately, all of this is of no help. Perhaps it is for this reason that Sun Rong became the heroine in the Immortal King animation. Perhaps this is Ku Xuan Ge's compensation?"

Sun Rong "..."

Having said this, Qin Zong sighed deeply, and then looked at Wang Ling who was sitting in the main position, "Finally, let us focus on the man who ate the guest at the beginning!"

Wang Ling "..."

Qin Zong: "Many people say that I became the protagonist by bribing my classmate Wang Ling. But in fact, as the only koi in the cultivation world, I refused when I first became a koi. Everyone knows that I I threw away the express package from Xianzhou, but fate chose me somehow..."

"In the new year, I wish you all can be as lucky as me, pass every exam, and turn bad luck into good luck! I heard that as long as you leave a message in this paragraph and make a wish, Ling Zhenren will definitely bless you! Thank you all ! I am Qin Zong!"

Er Ha "Qin's speech is touching! But as the protagonist of Ku Xuan's third new book, let's hear what Xiang Yi thinks."

Xiang Yi: "Hello everyone, I am the man who has died countless times and even had his ashes raised... but is still alive today..."

"Many people think that Ge Kuxuan has a grudge against me. In fact, I think that he wrote me out and wrote this third book, which is completely a means of diverting attention. He is escaping from the fact that he has fallen in love with women's clothing. ! Trying to silence myself in the ocean of writing, so as to forget my love for women's clothing! But the voice of the masses cannot be forgotten! I hope everyone can speak out in this paragraph and let the old thief listen. The voice of the masses!”

"Sorry, I may be a little too excited. Mainly because I finally met my idol, classmate Wang Ling."

"Before coming here, I once asked Ge Ge Ku Xuan why the three of us are the protagonists and why Wang Ling can be the main character... Later I learned that the three of us have different meanings to Ku Xuan. "

"As we all know, Ku Xuan has the habit of writing theme songs for the protagonists of his books. Classmate Qin Zong and I also each have a customized theme song. One is called "Reality", the other is called "Counter current Koi", and "Counter current Koi" also has v...and classmate Wang Ling has three songs by himself! The theme song, the interlude, and the Chinese-style interlude!"

"Old thief Ku Xuan said that Wang Ling is his biological son to him."

"Qin Zong is his godson."

"I was picked up from the trash can..."

Er Ha: "I'm very sorry. Student Xiang Yi couldn't control his emotions during this period and suffered a sudden myocardial infarction. Please carry Xiang down for a short rest. Classmate Lin Wan is taking care of her. I'm afraid she will have to miss the recording of the complaint conference. …”

Sun Rong "Do I need to call an ambulance?"

Er Ha: "No need, classmate Xiang Yi has resurrection coins. Even if you die of myocardial infarction, you can come back to life immediately."

Everyone "..."

Er Ha: "Now, let us all give warm applause to welcome the main character of this issue, classmate Wang Ling!"

Sun Rong "???"

"Hello everyone...I am Wang Ling..."

As soon as he finished speaking, there was thunderous applause. Wang Ling rubbed his ears. For some reason, he said something and the atmosphere of the whole place was lifted.

Lord Throwing Thunder: "Brother, come on!"

Xiao Yin "Come on aster!"

Wang Ma "Come on, my dear! Mom loves you! (づ￣3￣)づ╭?~"

Wang Ling "..."

Wang Ling: "Well... the old thief said... if I praise him today... I won't have to worry about crispy noodles next year..."

"But I... am not a man who speaks without conscience..."

"I have to admit... the old thief... is indeed very handsome..."

"Even women's clothing...is very...beautiful..."

"I'm sorry...I really...can't make it up anymore..."

Er Ha: "I can see that our classmate Wang Ling is indeed a little nervous. Then, let me finish reading the manuscript on my master's behalf..."

"Old thief Ku Xuan, don't think that if you let me be the protagonist of the animation, I won't complain about you. If you don't update the good Immortal King, you will have to open two other books. Don't you know that it is easy to die suddenly when writing a book in three chapters? There is no resurrection coin for Xiang Yi.”

"And because you stay at home every day in Sankai, you have become a month and a half again. You can't even wear the women's clothes I bought last year."

"The Fairy King Animation was agreed upon in June 2018, but it turned out to be delayed day after day. Don't think that because you made me so handsome, I won't beat you. What surprised me most is that there is a female protagonist in the animation. Well. ...Call Sun Rong..."

"So, who is Sun Rong...?"

Sun Rong "???"

According to Ku Xuan, it’s almost the New Year. In fact, there are still a lot of flaws that I haven’t complained about...but I still want to leave some ground and explain to everyone after the Immortal King animation is successfully launched. Thank you very much for your concern, brothers and sisters. The 2019 Fairy King animation has had many twists and turns, and finally ushered in new news at the end of the year. There is no doubt this is a good start! In 2020, Pipikru sincerely wishes everyone a happy new year and all the best!





Chapter 1159 The Correct Posture for Shouldering a Wok


As Wang Ling's cotton-padded jacket, Zhuo Yi was naturally aware of how important the task of shouldering the wok was. This time, however, he felt that it would be hard to place this wok on him. First of all, he hadn't left the command center. Secondly, even if he fought Human Devil, there was just too big a disparity in fighting strength; Human Devil was too strong, and it would be impossible for Zhuo Yi to get rid of him with his own strength.

But Zhuo Yi, who was well-versed in the ways of carrying a wok, was well aware that even if he didn't do it, the wok might end up on his shoulders in the end anyway.

It was fine, as long as he didn't admit to it...

Under Old Huang's and President Qi's gazes, Zhuo Yi did his best to maintain a calm expression. A few minutes later, there was new information from the Mahjong Squad. When the image on screen switched over to the scene, a figure with green hair suddenly popped up in Zhuo Yi's view...

"This is?" Headmaster Chen felt that this person looked somewhat familiar, but he couldn't say why.

That was right... This was Er Ha's first public appearance in human form. No one could have imagined that the green-furred akita would actually be able to cultivate a human form in a few short months.

Zhuo Yi remembered that Er Ha and Xiao Yin were supposed to be working together, but only Er Ha was making an appearance - perhaps to protect Xiao Yin's "holy beast" identity.

"Who is this?" There was a wary look in Old Huang's eyes.

On the other side, Lord Thunder instantly communicated with President Qi. "This is Mr Chong Erhe, a member of the General Office of Strategic Deception's Goon Squad."

"Mr Chong Erhe?" Old Huang mused. He didn't recall seeing this name on the list the other day.

President Qi secretly explained to Huang Feng telepathically, "It's like this, Old Huang: There are in fact some covert names mixed into our retinue this time. These people were appointed by the head of state himself. Even we don't know what the names are; only the head of state does. This is to prevent the true name list from being stolen so that the enemy can't take precautions against the members on the list and will be caught off guard..."

Huang Feng nodded his head and instantly understood. "It's just like the head of state to plan this far ahead."

He had planned to find out who was responsible for this, but since it was the head of state who had appointed these hidden members, he couldn't do anything about it.

"But what is Mr Chong Erhe's background?"

"He's one of the experts of the General Office of Strategic Deception, and is more powerful than an Itinerant Immortal. Moreover, his techniques are highly effective when it comes to eliminating evil spirits, which is why he was able to destroy Human Devil when the latter's defenses were down."

"I see."

Old Huang felt that he finally understood the whole story, and he thanked Er Ha, who was on the screen. "Thank you for your help this time, Mr Chong Erhe! If it wasn't for you, Human Devil would have continued with his secret mischief, and might have caused irreversible damage to Nine Dragon Mountain's environment."

Chong Erhe was Er Ha's human alias, and was actually a recombination of the radicals in Er Ha's name1.

1(Er Ha 二蛤 and Chong Erhe 虫二合) Er Ha was well aware that very few people knew about his human form.

An alias would also help hide his identity.

Lord Thunder had already set up everything for him, like an ID card and whatnot...

He was now a dog with a proper identity! And his registered residence was in Songhai city! How many people nowadays were jumping around because of residency issues? But he as a dog had a residency permit!

Originally, he could only silently help mankind out behind the scenes as a dog.

This could be considered Er Ha's first time stepping out from behind the scenes and onto the stage.

He couldn't help but feel a little excited. "Old Huang, I'm flattered. In fact, this isn't entirely my doing."

When Er Ha said this, the atmosphere in the command center instantly froze. Stunned, Zhuo Yi looked up... As the scapegoat who had been fighting hard on the front line all this time, he was abruptly aware of the subtle implication in Er Ha's words.

"Director Zhuo - he was the one who arranged everything," Er Ha said at that moment.

It was an unexpected answer that nevertheless made sense...

The expressions on everyone's faces changed. Many of the headmasters present turned to look at two people.

One was Headmaster Chen of Number 60 High.

The other, of course, was Zhuo Yi.

Director Zhuo...

How many people were there in the world who could do this title proud?

Things had already come to this point, but Headmaster Chen conversely remained composed. Zhuo Yi's career path was endless - this was also strong motivation for Number 60 High. When Number 60 High was renovated, the old stone sculpture at the school gate would be changed into a life-sized statue of Zhuo Yi.

It was also the greatest blessing for Number 60 High to be able to produce such an excellent student. As the current headmaster of Number 60 High, it was impossible for Headmaster Chen not to brag.

Under everyone's gazes, he simply shrugged his shoulders and adopted a breezy attitude. "Everyone, you're too kind. The students of our Number 60 High have always been this outstanding."

Hearing this, the other headmasters secretly felt sour in their hearts.

These words sounded so shameless...

But they couldn't find a reason to refute it.

And as an involved party, Zhuo Yi clearly looked distressed...

He knew things would end up like this!

...

On the other side, after the mountain spirit fell silent once more, the attack on Fire Peak picked up again.

It was just that this time, no one dared to use the Spirit Summoning Technique in battle again.

The four high schools at the bottom decided to fight to the death, and gathered all their strength to launch a single combined attack on Number 60 High on the mountaintop. No matter how many people they lost, they would wipe out Number 60 High first!

"The combined attack has started."

Based on Number 60 High's initial strategy, they would still focus on defense. Even in the face of an attack from four schools, everyone was full of confidence. However, something was clearly wrong with one person.

It was Xia Ming.

Xia Ming now felt that he clearly understood what it was like to have great power.

Power was admittedly good, but if he couldn't control it, and ultimately wound up hurting the person he liked... Xia Ming felt that he might as well not have this sort of power. He had frozen when he saw the giant hand of Fire Peak's mountain spirit stretch out of the ground. He hadn't wanted to believe that he was the one who had created the scene in front of him with his own hands.

The mountain spirit had gone back to sleep, but Xia Ming no longer had the courage to use his power.

He was afraid it would go out of control again.

When he was feeling anxious, he felt a warm hand suddenly land on his shoulder.

Who was it?

He turned his head slightly, and was surprised to see Wang Ling standing behind him...





Chapter 1160 Wang Ling's New Fan


When you had power that was too strong for you to control, you couldn't help but shiver and feel afraid - Wang Ling had experienced this feeling countless times as a child.

He would jerk awake on dark nights, afraid that he would do something terrible when he was asleep.

After all, destroying the world would've been a piece of cake for Wang Ling back before the Dao talisman seal was officially developed. But even the Dao talisman seal didn't mean true freedom for Wang Ling - his power was constantly growing, and would one day surpass what the Dao talisman seal could take.

Wang Ling didn't say anything, but the moment his palm landed lightly and comfortingly on Xia Ming's shoulder, their minds became connected.

Xia Ming felt like he saw the whole of Wang Ling's life in a few short seconds.

His tears couldn't help pouring out at the sense of loneliness that came with being invincible.

Wang Ling had chosen to act at that moment because he knew that this was the perfect opportunity to get rid of Xia Ming's "Eye of Rebellion."

But Wang Ling had overlooked one point.

The Eye of Rebellion was also a Fate Dao spell, so when Wang Ling was trying to get rid of it, his fate line converged with Xia Ming's for a brief moment.

And it was this brief moment which enabled Xia Ming to understand what sort of existence Wang Ling was.

The people at school didn't know much about Wang Ling. While their fate lines had converged, which seemed to have exposed him, Wang Ling wasn't worried that Xia Ming would say anything.

Because everything would seem like a dream. Once their fate lines split apart, the memories would quickly disappear and Xia Ming would forget everything.

"It won't hurt any longer." Wang Ling's voice sounded in the depths of Xia Ming's heart to comfort him.

As soon as Wang Ling said these words, the "Eye of Rebellion" curse in Xia Ming's stomach, which was like a festering sore on the bottom of the foot, was pulled out by the root, and completely disappeared.

When Xia Ming came back to his senses, he realized he was crying, but he had no idea what he had just seen.

The Eye of Rebellion, the things that the white-haired young man had threatened him into doing, the hidden side of Wang Ling - he forgot all of it.

But Xia Ming sensed that he had returned to normal. He no longer trembled or felt afraid when it came to his power, and for some reason, he didn't hate Wang Ling at all...

"Classmate Wang Ling... you..."

Xia Ming had thought that Wang Ling would hate him, but when Xia Ming had shrunk back and was feeling afraid, it was Wang Ling who appeared behind him to support him with a hand on his back and give him warm strength.

At that moment, Xia Ming looked at Wang Ling and couldn't help sighing. "No wonder Classmate Sun Rong likes you so much."

"..."

"Classmate Wang Ling, I've decided to give up on competing with you. Indeed, Classmate Sun Rong deserves someone better." Xia Ming gazed unwaveringly at Wang Ling and spouted righteous words that alarmed the latter.

"???"

Why pass everything to him...

Wang Ling was stupefied.

If you don't compete, who will be my shield against that girl?!

Wang Ling never thought that just by casually helping to remove an evil curse, he suddenly gained a new fan...

There was indeed a spell among his thirty thousand Heavenly Dao that could forcibly turn a person into his fan, the kind of fan that chased and supported their idol.

It was called the Great Fan Spell, but Wang Ling didn't use it often, since it was a little difficult to control how much strength was required; if he used too much strength, the fans would turn into scary "sasaeng fans"... The type that could find out where you live, and hide inside your place for a week as they waited for the chance to take a picture of you in the shower.

Wang Ling had also thought about using the Great Fan Spell before, since his relationship with Xia Ming was a little more tense.

But after considering the bug with this Heavenly Dao, he ultimately didn't cast it on Xia Ming...

He didn't want a male sasaeng fan squatting in his house every day and taking pictures of his life.

But why had Xia Ming become his fan?

Wang Ling felt that this might have something to do with Fate Dao.

When the fate lines of two people were connected, it probably had an effect similar to the Great Fan Spell, and smoothed out the wrinkles in "the fetters of fate."

This was the only feasible explanation Wang Ling could think of so far.

"Advance!" At that moment, there was a loud shout outside Number 60 High's secure camp fortifications.

Nan Yixiu, captain of South Sea Sky High, and Zhu Hanyun, captain of Titan High, led the charge forward as everyone used hand seals and various spells to bombard Number 60 High's defense barrier.

But how could it be so easy to break through this barrier? It was Gu Shunzhi and the others who had set it up...

In addition, they were very crafty. In order to make the barrier look weaker, they used one that looked very thin... The ultra-thin barrier was naturally less durable, but Gu Shunzhi and the others had adjusted its recovery ability.

In other words, it looked easy to break this ultra-thin barrier, but it recovered as quickly as it was torn apart.

No matter how much the other side attacked, it felt like they were always one breath away from breaking the barrier.

People who played tricks were all dirty...

Wang Ling sighed with mixed feelings. He felt that Gu Shunzhi and the others had finally learned what it truly meant to "lay low."

Nan Yixiu, Zhu Hanyun, and the alliance of forty people attacked for a good ten minutes, but still couldn't break through Number 60 High's barrier. Taking into account the constant depletion of their spirit energy, they had to retreat for the moment, as they sat cross-legged and regulated their breathing.

"What's going on? Why can't Number 60 High's barrier be broken?"

"It can be broken! I feel like we're almost there each time..."

The students discussed tactics. Number 60 High really was a tough nut to crack; at least, a lot harder than they had thought.

[Survivors remaining: 519]

Looking at the number of remaining survivors projected above the mountain dome, Nan Yixiu and the others instantly felt a strong sense of crisis.

If they continued wasting time here, they would inevitably be faced with one of two situations if their spirit energy ran out: Number 60 High would launch a counterattack, or their group would be swallowed up by other teams coming here.

This was a huge headache for both Nan Yixiu and Zhu Hanyun. "It's not good..."

Worse still, Zhu Hanyun's arm was now injured, and urgently required medical treatment. While Nan Yixiu did have some medical skills, they clearly weren't enough.

"What now?"

At the foot of the mountain, everyone looked lost.

Just then, they saw a paper airplane actually flying down from the mountain...

The paper airplane hit Nan Yixiu right in the forehead. He opened it and read what was written inside: If you abandon your attack, you can consider forming an alliance with us. Wait until the last day, and we'll have one final battle on the mountain dome...

"What does it say?" Zhu Hanyun asked.

"It says we can join them, but on one condition," said Nan Yixiu.

"What condition?"

"Join Classmate Wang Ling's fan club..."





Chapter 1161 Wang Ling's Fan Club, Founded!


It was actually none other than Xia Ming who came up with this idea, and most of the team members eagerly supported it... There was in fact some opposition, such as from Chen Chao. For one thing, he thought that setting up a fan club or whatnot was too eye-catching, and for another, he had the vague feeling that Wang Ling didn't like this sort of conspicuous attention.

It had to be said that as the "emperor of truth," Chen Chao was indeed the sort of good brother that was hard to come by. The problem, however, was that the majority of the team members were Wang Ling's fans... As the minority, Chen Chao was naturally overruled.

"Wang Ling's fan club. What is this... Who is Wang Ling?" Nan Yixiu was befuddled. Searching his memory, he realized that he had no information at all on Wang Ling.

"It's that lucky student with the dead fish eyes," Zhu Hanyun said at that moment. He would never forget Wang Ling's appearance, since it was because of Wang Ling that he broke one of his arms. At his reminder, a lot of people recalled who Wang Ling was.

"Oh, it's him..."

"I remember him. He's Number 60 High's mascot."

Some people gathered round to have a clear look at the rules for joining Wang Ling's fan club written inside the paper airplane.

1. After joining the fan club, you will receive a godly exam halo — your mom will never have to worry about your studies again

2. You must cherish the club's designated mascot: Classmate Wang Ling

3. You must proactively protect the mascot

4. If you betray the club, you will be cursed to fail so that any match or exam you participate in will never go well

5. The club will collect 2.5 yuan every month from each member. If you don't pay, you will be punished as per rule number 4

Everyone: "..."

"Exams and matches won't go well? Can it be that evil?" Someone questioned the veracity of the rules.

"What should we do? Should we join or not?"

"There's no other way. We can't ignore Brother Zhu's arm injury — let's join first. Classmate Sun Rong from Number 60 High is the young miss of Huaguo Water Curtain Group, and knows how to mix medicine; she should be able to help Brother Zhu's arm injury heal quickly," said Nan Yixiu.

While there were some who were still unwilling to join the club, only the team captain of each school could make the final decision. Everyone followed the team captain's lead, and if a problem arose later, it was also the team captain who would shoulder the responsibility.

It was only the first day of the survival battle, but many people had already been quickly eliminated.

The team captains of the four schools thus used magic a few minutes later to send the signal for their surrender via Morse code, before the group immediately started up the mountain.

Most people in this group of over forty members didn't take the rules seriously, especially Nan Yixiu, who saw it as nothing more than just playing house. Once they had rested and reorganized their troops, they could immediately surround Number 60 High and swallow them up.

At that time, Nan Yixiu actually didn't realize how serious the issue was...

These rules had been personally drawn up by Gu Shunzhi; as the keeper of cosmic order, what he valued most were rules.

This might seem like an unimportant game, but the context of the rules was real.

In other words, betraying the fan club would really lead to severe consequences.

Wang Ling knew that setting up this fan club was in fact one of Gu Shunzhi's ploys.

It would be too obvious if the Almightys in their team took direct action

But they could cast some simple bad luck curses.

They could use this curse to eliminate those who disobeyed the rules, and nobody would notice anything at all.

What was more, this even saved on them needing to put up special defenses.

...

That first night, Number 60 High, along with the four-school alliance led by South Sea Sky High and Titan High School, successfully occupied Fire Peak.

But it clearly wasn't a very peaceful night.

Sun Rong helped to wrap Zhu Hanyun's arm with a bandage smeared with a herbal paste which she had produced with the automatic pill maker. She first made pills out of the medicinal ingredients, and then pounded the pills and mixed them with water to create the herbal paste.

"This is a special bone recovery paste. Your injury will have completely healed after six hours." Sun Rong patiently helped change Zhu Han's bandages, causing the surrounding boys to become green with envy. As the future successor of Huaguo Water Curtain Group, Sun Rong paid more attention to her image in front of outsiders.

Since they had decided to form an alliance, they should help each other out.

Zhu Hanyun had thought at first that Sun Rong would be an aloof young lady, but after this encounter, he found Sun Rong much warmer than he had imagined.

What should he do? Could he join another fan club?

He wanted to join Sun Rong's fan club.

"Brother, don't overthink it — our team captain treats everyone the same." At that moment, Chen Chao came over and patted Zhu Hanyun's shoulder. When he saw how Zhu Hanyun's thoughts seemed to be running wild after Sun Rong redressed his wound, he knew this guy must have misunderstood something...

As the school's goddess, Sun Rong indeed treated everyone with basically the same degree of warmth. If there was someone she was more passionate about... it would be Wang Ling.

But Chen Chao felt that he understood what Sun Rong and Wang Ling's relationship was like.

After all, the both of them had experienced that assassination attempt together at the Xiao Family Compound; they could be said to have gone through life and death together.

A friend in need was a friend indeed — only those who had experienced this for themselves truly understood how it felt.

Zhu Hanyun wasn't a fool. Looking at Chen Chao, who seemed to be pondering something, he felt that this was a man with a story to tell. "You... are you also chasing Classmate Sun Rong?"

"I was."

Chen Chao said lightly, "But I realized later that Classmate Sun Rong has too many pursuers, so I gave up. People should be more pragmatic. Furthermore, people often fall in love in a fit of sudden impulse. After calming down and thinking about it, I realized that Classmate Sun Rong might not really suit me."

"You're so pragmatic..." The corner of Zhu Hanyun's mouth twitched. "So, Classmate Sun Rong has someone she likes?"

"Did you watch the video from the other day?" asked Chen Chao.

He was referring to the video of Xia Ming and Wang Ling's duel. However, this video was later blocked online, and was no longer available now.

"Video? What video?"

"It's nothing... It's fine if you didn't watch it. In any case, I think Classmate Sun probably does have someone she likes." At that moment, Chen Chao's gaze shifted to Wang Ling. While he didn't say it directly, the implication was clear.

"So it's like that."

Zhu Hanyun stood up with a disappointed expression on his face.

Chen Chao was taken aback. "Are you going to duel him?"

"No." Zhu Hanyun shook his head. "I've already joined the fan club; how can I be so rude to Classmate Wang Ling? Since Classmate Sun likes him, he must be an outstanding person. I've decided — I'll protect Classmate Wang Ling at all costs! At least, I'll make sure that he survives this competition and make it through to the end!"

Wang Ling: "???"

At that moment, Wang Ling abruptly had a feeling —

It seemed that this competition... had already gone off track thanks to Gu Shunzhi and his gang...





Chapter 1162 Number of Remaining Survivors: 421


That first night could be considered fairly peaceful. All participating schools had found allies, and fighting had broken out on the nearby mountain peaks in the contest for resources. After one day, four hundred and twenty one participants remained.

As Wang Ling had expected, all the schools had chosen to form battle alliances on the first day of the competition. Each alliance consisted of four to five schools, and all the nine peaks were occupied. As for the remaining schools that hadn't entered an alliance, even if they managed to get through the first day, they would be eliminated sooner or later during the competition if they didn't find another team or group to give them enough resources to survive.

It was only the first day, and it wasn't really smooth sailing. Number 60 High and the other schools could be eliminated at any time. After all, on the last day of the survival battle, they would be ranked by the number of casualties they had, so the school with the most survivors would be the winner.

Anything could happen before that. Even if they had chosen to form an alliance, they had been forced to do so in the current situation; there were no true allies at all.

At least, this was what Wang Ling thought before "Wang Ling's Fan Club" was established...

...

There were altogether five schools in Number 60 High's camp.

They had currently adopted a defensive position, but that wasn't enough, as people still needed to be sent out to gather both resources and information.

Hence, Sun Rong suggested that each school pick two members to form a ten-person team every day that would go out to gather resources and scout for information.

Number 60 High had a natural advantage when it came to this matter. Thanks to Mysterious Sea's 3D water screen map, they had a panoramic view of the whole of Nine Dragon Mountain. Furthermore, they now had Nan Yixiu's perception ability, so a life detector function had been added to the map; any human movement within a radius of thirty li1 would be displayed on the map.

1(Reminder, the 'li' is a traditional Chinese measurement of distance, and is equivalent to half a kilometer in length.) So that no one would get lost while they were out looking for resources, Sun Rong even created temporary "map talismans."

Whenever necessary, these talismans could be used to project locations with water on the map for thirty seconds.

But it would take too long for Sun Rong to draw all these handy devices on her own, so a temporary talisman team had been set up in Number 60 High's alliance camp that was dedicated to drawing these talismans.

And Wang Ling was a member of this team.

"Brother Wang, it's too dangerous outside. You just sit tight here and draw talismans." Standing in front of a makeshift table in the camp, Zhu Hanyun gazed reverently at Wang Ling.

Wang Ling: "..."

Compared with the various dangers of gathering resources and intelligence, drawing talismans was certainly ideal for Wang Ling; he could help the team out as well as lay low at base as a little nobody, which was great!

But Wang Ling never expected that the decision to keep him on the talisman team was something that everyone had directly decided on after discussion.

Apart from the "map talisman" which could display a map, there were in fact a lot of other types of talismans.

For example, "enhancement talismans" could be used to enhance weapons.

This was a spell which could temporarily change a weapon's essence. In other words, if you didn't have any weapons, you could use a branch or a bamboo stick; with the enhancement talisman, it would turn into steel for the time being.

This would give a person some combat capability.

And if the talisman was used on a spirit sword or magic treasure, it would become twice as lethal.

Furthermore, there were various other types of talismans for protection and scout work, such as "fireball talismans," "smoke talismans," "water dragon talismans," "invisibility talismans," and "aura-concealing talismans" and so on.

Drawing talismans certainly wasn't difficult for Wang Ling.

But the problem was...

No matter how hard he tried to curb his power...

The talismas he drew were significantly more powerful than what a normal Foundation Establishment student produced...

...

Sunday, November 16th.

It was the second day of the survival battle. The number "421" on the main mountain dome hadn't changed.

Wang Ling was guessing that in the next day or two, each school would focus on secretly scouting for information; there wouldn't be any large-scale battles, nor would the number of participants decrease as significantly as on the first day.

On the second day, Number 60 High drew lots, and Chen Chao and Wang Zhen were chosen as their representatives to go out and gather resources and intelligence.

The person in charge of the team was Nan Yixiu.

"We'll divide into two teams, one to collect resources and the other to scout for information. The team collecting resources will be safer since it'll only be operating nearby. Make sure to use talismans to shield your location, and it'll be difficult to detect you. On the other hand, scouting for intelligence will be very dangerous. Who's willing to come with me?" Nan Yixiu asked as he looked at the ten people in front of them.

Since Nan Yixiu had decided to join the scout operation, the other student from South Sea Sky High would naturally follow him. It was a guy with glasses and a watermelon-shaped haircut, who looked very stuffy to Chen Chao; he inwardly nicknamed the boy Four Eyes for the time being.

"We're in," Chen Chao volunteered.

This was a rare opportunity to be part of a national competition, so laying low at base was utterly meaningless to Chen Chao. Wang Zhen felt that this was very much in keeping with Chen Chao's hot-blooded personality - in any case, it was Gu Shunzhi who had rigged the outcome when they drew lots.

With Wang Zhen following Chen Chao, there basically wouldn't be any sort of danger.

Besides, Wang Zhen was actually very curious to see what Foundation Establishment cultivators on Earth could do in actual combat.

Hence, Wang Zhen directly agreed with Chen Chao. "I have no objections."

Since scouting was a more dangerous task, Nan Yixiu thought it would be hard to make up the numbers. He never expected Chen Chao and Wang Zhen to volunteer, and he was delighted.

A four-person scout team was just nice, since it would be hard to coordinate if there were too many people.

After happily deciding on the division of tasks, the two teams acted separately.

The closest peak to Fire Peak was Mist Peak, which Nan Yixiu had already been eyeing since early on.

"There's a very familiar aura on Mist Peak," Wang Zhen said probingly as he followed behind Nan Yixiu; he could more or less guess Nan Yixiu's true purpose.

"I learned yesterday that Number 1 Demon-Subduing High's Gao Tianming has formed an alliance with four schools, and they've occupied the peak," said Nan Yixiu.

"Do you have a grudge?" Wang Zhen asked again.

"No, I just feel that this guy is a little harder to deal with; since he's very close to us, he might launch a surprise attack at any time. Also, given Gao Tianming's personality... my guess is that the other schools were forced to become his allies." Nan Yixiu furrowed his brow. He was worried about Number 1 Demon-Subduing High's Virus Puppet Spell, which was an extremely powerful control spell - the critical point was that it was hard to defend against.

Nan Yixiu had fought Gao Tianming before.

He knew very well what Gao Tianming's personality was like.

The guy was insane!

To him, there was no such thing as real allies at all!

Because no ally could be more reliable than turning them into puppets that he could control!





Chapter 1163 Wang Zhen's Use!


"Know yourself and your enemy, and every victory will be yours." Scouting for information was one of the most important tasks in a battle for survival. Each alliance camp would have different means of gathering intelligence. Generally speaking, all the advantages an alliance camp had should be combined to maximize the results of a scout operation.

The camp on Fire Peak, which was represented by Number 60 High, basically obtained a natural advantage when it came to scouting for intelligence after South Sea Sky High joined them. Nan Yixiu was proficient in the "study of perception." Furthermore, he knew how to use some of the power of nature, and with the survival battle taking place in this natural environment, he was completely in his element.

After approaching Mist Peak's border, Nan Yixiu, Wang Zhen, Chen Chao and Four Eyes hid themselves. The wild pheasant which they had caught en route would play a critical role at that moment.

Nan Yixiu cast a spell as he looked into the pheasant's eyes. "Mental Assimilation Spell!"

"What's this?" Chen Chao was puzzled.

"This is the spell Senior Brother Nan is best in. He can assimilate mentally with a living creature and control its brainwaves, ultimately sharing their sight, hearing, and sense of smell. The bird's brain is now completely connected with Senior Brother Nan's," Four Eyes said as he pushed up his glasses.

"I see." Chen Chao nodded. He finally realized that Nan Yixiu's purpose for catching the pheasant wasn't to eat it.

But why a pheasant?

Chen Chao was still puzzled.

"Pheasants are the least eye-catching. If you choose an insect, most of them have very unusual vision, and it isn't easy to learn about the enemy through them. On the other hand, high-ranking creatures are too big to capture and control," Four Eyes continued.

So, to summarize, the pheasant was indeed the most ideal target for assimilation in the current environment. Furthermore, this sort of wild pheasant which lived on Nine Dragon Mountain wasn't any ordinary bird. They had spirit qi and excellent vision, almost as good as a hawk's, and could see far into the distance.

At that moment, Nan Yixiu was controlling the pheasant. He had it fly onto a branch overhead as it stared at a distant location.

But then something unexpected happened. A sharp arrow shot out through the clouds from the summit of Mist Peak and directly pierced the pheasant! The pheasant had barely flown into the tree when it was torn apart by an arrow on the spot and turned into minced meat.

Nan Yixiu was unable to react in time to such a horrifying scene, and his Mental Assimilation Spell was interrupted, leaving him deathly white and drenched in sweat, which were the repercussions of the spell. Nan Yixiu would usually stop the spell right away once he knew it was dangerous, but what happened just now was so sudden that the dying pheasant's pain was also transmitted to him, making it hard to bear for a moment.

"They have pretty quick reflexes." Chen Chao was also petrified at this scene. It had been no more than ten seconds after the pheasant was sent up, when an arrow had been launched from the distance to kill the pheasant with pinpoint precision.

Chen Chao examined the arrow. It had a simple, self-made wooden arrowhead coated with some deadly poison. If a person was shot, the golden talisman would determine right away that they were about to "die," and burst forth with a shield of golden light.

But this couldn't be the power of a Foundation Establishment cultivator.

It had to be pointed out that they were at least five li away from Mist Peak!

In the absence of bow-like magic weapons, a self-made wooden arrow could actually be launched over such a far distance... This was practically impossible!

At that moment, Wang Zhen said, "Terrain advantage."

At these words, Chen Chao immediately reacted. "So, it's the terrain!"

If it had to do with the terrain, this super long-distance shot was indeed possible!

Mist Peak was the most difficult mountain peak to reach. The peak could generate invisible drafts of wind that would blow away any living thing that tried to get to the top. Combining this terrain's unusual wind pressure with good archery skills, a long-distance shot wouldn't be difficult. Conversely, the wind pressure was the lowest on the top of the mountain.

At that moment, Nan Yixiu came back to his senses after his fluster. Everything had happened so suddenly that he hadn't been able to react for one moment.

But he was already doing his best to adjust his mood. "Gao Tianming chose Mist Peak since it's easy to defend and difficult to attack, and basically has a natural advantage. The problem, however, is replenishing resources. They can't stay on top of the mountain the whole time; they also need to send out supply teams to gather resources. We can ambush these small teams."

But just as Nan Yixiu was done speaking, Chen Chao detected new movement.

Chen Chao noticed that someone on the top of Mist Peak had actually released what looked like kites... Buoyed by the air pressure at the top of Mist Peak, these kites flew in various directions. Tied to each kite was a flat puppet with a bamboo basket on its back. When each puppet opened its mouth, a long, thin tube with a long hook on the end of a silk thread extended outward.

"He's actually taking advantage of the terrain, and using a fishing method to collect the spirit fruits and plants nearby..." Nan Yixiu was deeply astonished when he looked at this scene. He already felt that Gao Tianming would be difficult to deal with, but he hadn't expected him to even go so far as to use puppets to collect resources. If that was the case, then their camp was utterly self-sufficient, and no one needed to be sent down from the mountaintop to look for resources at all!

Chen Chao had thought that Number 60 High was already well fortified; who would have thought that there would be someone even better than them at laying low.

"What should we do?" Four Eyes was sweating and also felt despair. They didn't normally feel this sense of bewilderment; it was just that based on their typical exchanges with Number 1 Devil-Subduing High, this was clearly the most difficult encounter yet. Gao Tianming had gained abundant experience through numerous battles, and he was still constantly learning and growing. Now, he had finally reached a jaw-dropping point in battle tactics.

Nan Yixiu clenched his teeth, unwilling to accept the situation. Just like how Number 60 High and Number 59 High were enemies, there was also an intense feud between South Sea Sky High and Number 1 Devil-Subduing High. From the moment Nan Yixiu came to know Gao Tianming, this was their third confrontation. Their previous two clashes had ended in a draw, but this time, Nan Yixiu felt that he was at a clear disadvantage.

"Let's switch locations first. I'm afraid they might have already detected us." Nan Yixiu frowned. These kite puppets that had been released from the top of the mountain to collect resources could also be used to monitor the surroundings. Nan Yixiu wasn't sure if Gao Tianming had noticed that it was him, but what was clear from that arrow earlier was that their position had been exposed.

"They brought in these kite puppets, didn't they?" Wang Zhen asked.

Nan Yixiu nodded. "Definitely. These kite puppets are equipped with hooks on long strings... there's no way they could finish making these puppets in just a few days."

At that moment, Wang Zhen suddenly said, "How about this? I'll lure them in as bait, and the rest of you think of a way to cut the strings. Cut as many as you can."

The other three students were horrified. "You're going to be bait?"

Wang Zhen smiled helplessly. "Relax, don't look at me like that. I've been taking beatings since I was a child - I'm very sturdy..."





Chapter 1164 Wang Zhen's Special Talent


In chapters 802 and 803, Wang Zhen had a nightmare after being injured, which took him back to his miserable childhood. As a man who had been beaten since young, from when his parents beat him up until he started choosing the tool to beat himself with, Wang Zhen's experiences were the stuff of legend.

Because of his special constitution, which was capable of enduring beatings and would achieve an awakening after being struck, Wang Zhen's body had been tempered by all sorts of tools.

A divine whip as thick as a coke bottle, a meteorite hammer with 36,000 sharp spikes all over it, a head-shattering stone made out of king iron... Wang Zhen had stood firm and survived under these tools. He was never completely crushed by his miserable childhood and the pressures of life, and he was later struck by a truth.

He was probably a natural-born warrior, and should rush to the very front as a meat shield.

Thus, when Wang Zhen decided to use his body to draw the enemy's attention, the people behind him looked at his back and felt that he looked way cool.

Wang Zhen removed the life-saving golden talisman on his arm and gave it to Nan Yixiu. "Take this."

"You're giving this to me?" Nan Yixiu felt it was inconceivable. Logically, if Wang Zhen was going to give it to someone, it should be to Chen Chao! Chen Chao was from Number 60 High! Not Nan Yixiu, who was an outsider. Even if they were allies, it didn't make sense to give him the important life-saving golden talisman, which was so important!

Nan Yixiu refused. "If you give this to me, what about you? It's too dangerous."

"It's fine, they can't hurt me." Wang Zhen smiled confidently. "I'm giving it to you because I trust you. If something does go wrong, just leave me, and evacuate with Chen Chao and Four Eyes."

This trust deeply moved Nan Yixiu.

He no longer hesitated, and reached out to take the golden talisman.

Since he had accepted it, he would carry out his duty and mission!

Nan Yixiu was a responsible and reliable person.

Wang Zhen had realized this early on.

He was someone from the Domain of the Gods; it was impossible for him not to be able to see into one's heart.

Strictly speaking, this was also one of Wang Zhen's special talents.

Because he had grown up experiencing all sorts of violence and malice, he had a particularly keen sense for evil intentions, and could detect the tags in a person's heart. With Nan Yixiu, for example, Wang Zhen could see the tags [integrity], [determination], [quick wits], [reliability]...

With Liu Qingyi, Wang Zhen could see [violence], [tsundere], [kindness], [charm]...

As for Gu Shunzhi, he had very few tags: [resourcefulness], [keeper of order]...

Because of Gu Shunzhi's special identity, Wang Zhen was unable to see all of his tags since some of his strength was still being suppressed by Heavenly Dao. Usually, he would be able to see at least four tags in a person's heart.

Sometimes he could even see more than ten, or even twenty tags.

Of course, there were people whose tags he couldn't detect.

Wang Ling, for example.

Wang Zhen remembered that when he had checked Wang Ling's tag, it was like this: [...]

...

After discussing battle tactics with Nan Yixiu, Wang Zhen simply charged forward, undaunted by the danger. While he knew that Gao Tianming, who was at the Foundation Establishment stage, wouldn't be able to do any harm to his body, there was no way Wang Zhen would physically deflect an attack with his own flesh in such a public situation - it would be too obvious.

Thus, while Wang Zhen's goal was to open battle by taunting them with his presence, he was still planning to use his reflexes to evade any attack.

The other party was a Foundation Establishment cultivator. How fast could his attack be? Wang Zhen would definitely be able to react in time.

Besides, even if he was hit, it would be no more painful than being bitten by a mosquito... He hadn't cried out even once when he was struck with the divine whip.

He advanced another four li, and was less than a li away from the foot of Mist Peak now. Such an obvious target had naturally been noticed by the students on the mountaintop.

Several sharp arrows were shot at Wang Zhen. In front of these Foundation Establishment cultivators, his dynamic vision went into overdrive. As the arrows flew at him, he felt them slow down to a thousandth of their speed.

He stepped to the side lightly and perfectly avoided them.

His posture was a little like Wang Ling's. During his time on Earth, Wang Zhen frequently reflected on his battles with Wang Ling, and had also unconsciously started to copy Wang Ling's elusive movements. Unfortunately, he couldn't grasp the essence, no matter how he copied Wang Ling.

On the mountaintop, Gao Tianming had noticed the movements below.

"Captain Gao, we've detected a person from Number 60 High," a Stars High student stepped forward and said with an expressionless face.

The whole of Stars High had already fallen under Gao Tianming's Virus Puppet Spell, and the 10-person team was now under his control.

To Gao Tianming, these people were nothing more than his tools.

He stared at Wang Zhen at the foot of the mountain with a profound gaze, and fell into deep thought.

He took out a photo from his pocket. After another comparison through a puppet with far sight, he confirmed that the person at the foot of the mountain was Wang Zhen in the flesh.

A while ago, someone had found Gao Tianming and given him a picture.

The people in it were all from Number 60 High: Wang Zhen, Liu Qingyi, Gu Shunzhi, Zhen Yuan (Zhenyuan) and Fang Xing.

Gao Tianming didn't know what their backgrounds were, but after giving him the photo, the person had requested that he do whatever he could to cripple them in this competition.

Of course, trying to severely injure these big shots was easier said than done.

It would naturally be very difficult for Gao Tianming to do so with his initial strength.

So, the man gave Gao Tianming a frozen dumpling to eat...

Gao Tianming could hardly believe his eyes. "What's this?"

"Something that can quickly and permanently boost your strength," replied the mysterious man in the white cloak.

"A dumpling?"

"This isn't an ordinary dumpling. They were pretty much all gone at first, but thanks to some traces left behind, I was able to restore them. Eat one, and you'll stand on top of the world."

Before Gao Tianming ate the dumpling, he had thought the person in front of him might be a true-blue psychopath.

The person's words sounded very chuuni, but they carried a devilish power which made Gao Tianming feel as if he couldn't control his own hands, and he grabbed the dumpling and ate it.

...

At that moment, Wang Zhen still didn't know that the person he was facing wasn't an ordinary Foundation Establishment cultivator.

Gao Tianming had hidden his power while he was testing it out.

He had obtained the power of Shadow Dao, and learned to control his shadow under the guidance of the mysterious person who had given him the dumpling. He simply needed to withdraw his shadow to perfectly suppress his own strength.

And now was the moment to turn his shadow loose...

Gao Tianming knew that he had become very strong, but he still needed to test it out on an opponent.

In any case, he was only going to severely injure the other party, not beat them to death.

Gao Tianming thought this in his heart.

Then, he released his shadow!

The sudden onset of danger made Wang Zhen's hair stand on end!

He could actually sense death...





Chapter 1165 The Shadow Image World's Special Capability


As an outstanding meat shield, Wang Zhen didn't believe there were many attacks that could make him shudder. Moreover, this was a competition for Foundation Establishment cultivators. Wang Zhen hadn't treated it seriously to begin with, and even in his dreams, he would never have thought that a Foundation Establishment high school student could explode with such terrifying power - this wasn't something a Foundation Establishment cultivator was capable of.

Wang Zhen saw a puppet charge jerkily at him at full speed. It was made of fine steel and was pretty big at two meters tall. It had a thick and broad build, like a roly-poly toy. It charged forward with the clunky sound of gear wheels turning, while the steel wings on its back cut through the air with the sound of a cat running its claws down a blackboard.

Every puppet master had their own exclusive puppet. Gao Tianming's puppet was called "Ripper." When it attacked, it cut through the air with the sort of smile you would see on a doll in a horror flick, and it lunged at Wang Zhen with its steel teeth bared to swallow him up.

Wang Zhen wasn't intimidated by this sort of attack. As one of the most outstanding tank fighters in the Domain of the Gods, he chose to meet it head-on! He wanted to uncover the secret of this puppet, which had been enhanced by some mysterious power.

However, when Wang Zhen's fist collided with Ripper's teeth, a black shadow suddenly emerged, and Wang Zhen felt a powerful suction!

In the next second, darkness descended!

When he came back to his senses, the scene in front of him was no longer of Nine Dragon Mountain, but of a land of shadows and wilderness. Not a sound could be heard, and there was only a repulsive feeling which lingered on his body; it was an aura which reeked of blood and clogged up his five senses, and he felt like his body was bound and sinking in blood.

Was he in Ripper's stomach?

No...

Wang Zhen didn't think it was as simple as that. He was sure he was in an alien world which was similar to a small world. It was utterly impossible for a Foundation Establishment cultivator to possess this sort of power.

Furthermore, this world was far too dark.

Most of the small worlds which cultivators built were based on the laws of Heavenly Dao. Before his powers were restricted, Wang Zhen also possessed a small world of his own. A small world could contain mountains and rivers, forests and deserts, and even living creatures. To use the closest comparison, Wang Zhen felt that a true small world was something like those house-building games. After you were done setting up the laws of the world, you could decorate your house, plant some flowers, or raise a pet.

But the alien world in front of his eyes was unimaginably dark.

Wang Zhen abruptly recalled something that Wang Ling had mentioned before.

Shadow image space?

Could this be the shadow image space created due to Ling Zhenren's sister's influence?

He knew that Wang Ling had put in a massive amount of effort to dispose of those frozen dumplings which had scattered in their distribution outside. Wang Zhen thought that the matter had been resolved, and didn't expect to run into the problem here.

Wang Zhen was now certain that he had been sucked into the shadow image space. To break out of it, he had to find and defeat the heart demon so that the space would collapse from the inside.

Just as he was about to act, Wang Zhen suddenly felt a stab of pain, and his entire body turned into wood as he became a wooden figure!

Right after that, long, fine gossamer strings dropped from the sky and attached themselves to his body! Wang Zhen discovered that he could no longer control his own body as he completely turned into a marionette! Driven by this mysterious power, Wang Zhen started moving toward a palace step by step.

It was the only palace in this shadow image world.

Wang Zhen was astonished to find that there were other people here who had turned into puppets like him. Many of them were students participating in the competition this time, and they were all hanging from strings and moving according to the will of this world. Some force pulled Wang Zhen toward a resource area.

Completely out of his control, he picked up some bricks from a pile on the ground and started to move toward a wall that had yet to be constructed.

A puppet in front of Wang Zhen fell, and the bricks it was holding were smashed on the ground.

"Don't disobey my will!"

Gao Tianming's faint voice resounded in the space.

An invisible whip lashed out at the puppet that had slipped, and bits of wood which reeked strongly of blood broke off of the puppet's body.

Realization dawned on Wang Zhen at that moment.

This palace was a sweatshop for those who had been forcibly turned into puppets.

"Is this the power of Shadow Dao?" Wang Zhen was shocked.

Shadow image, shadow image world, and the power unique to each shadow image world...

Wang Zhen knew he was probably trapped.

He now had to think of a way to let everyone know of the place he was trapped in.

...

Following the plan that he had initially discussed with Wang Zhen, Nan Yixiu was about to cut the strings of those "kite puppets" to stop Gao Tianming fishing for resources.

But Nan Yixiu's expression suddenly hardened. "Something's wrong! Classmate Wang Zhen's aura suddenly disappeared!"

All of Nan Yixiu's hair stood on end.

There were three possible reasons that a person's aura would suddenly disappear from the map.

One: Wang Zhen was deliberately hiding his aura.

This was unlikely to be the case. Based on the plan they had settled on, Wang Zhen was going out as a meat shield to taunt the other side - he wanted them to sense his aura.

Two: He had fallen into a mysterious space...

It might be spatial magic, or a place that was like a small world.

But the question was... how could an Almighty capable of opening a small world possibly show up at a Foundation Establishment competition?

The third one and final possibility was the one Nan Yixiu didn't want to believe in the most: Death...

...

On the other side in Number 60 High's camp, Liu Qingyi felt a little uneasy after she sensed that Wang Zhen's aura seemed to have vanished from the map of Nine Dragon Mountain. However, she couldn't rule out the possibility that Wang Zhen was hiding his aura for the mission.

Was it possible that this idiot could even make a mistake in a Foundation Establishment competition?

Liu Qingyi was a little worried.

She didn't like Wang Zhen and had even wished countless times for the damn guy to just die! But both of them had part of their powers sealed away as punishment by Heavenly Dao, and trapped on earth, they had been living under someone else's roof together.

She realized that Wang Zhen wasn't actually as annoying as she had thought.

...

At the same time, Wang Ling's expression gradually hardened.

If he wasn't mistaken -

That had indeed been the aura of Shadow Dao just now.

He had already completely destroyed all those frozen dumplings, but there were actually leftovers?

Wang Ling frowned slightly.

He had reason to believe that Wang Zhen's aura disappearing had to do with the aura of Shadow Dao.

"Let's go take a look..."

Wang Ling sighed inwardly.

He had always been the sort of person who hated inconveniences.

When all was said and done, however, it was his little sister who had caused this disaster.

It was a brother's duty to clean up his little sister's mess.





Chapter 1166 Want To Be The Ideal Son-In-Law Of Huaguo Water Curtain Group?


At that moment, Gao Tianming was standing at the top of Mist Peak. All around him, the twelve kite puppets who were responsible for collecting resources were moving according to his will. He could collect resources and at the same time use the puppets to survey the distant surroundings and enjoy the beautiful scenery at the foot of Mist Peak. Looking down on everything from here, Gao Tianming, for the first time, felt the thrill of being able to stand on high after obtaining boundless power.

The feeling of power was indeed splendid beyond compare.

For Gao Tianming, Shadow Dao was like getting chocolate after craving sugar for a long time. It gave him a strong mental and physical kick.

Shadow Dao, shadow image, and the unique capability of the latter...

Gao Tianming had no idea that there was a mystical power like this in the world.

Now that he had this special ability, could he still lose this competition?

He could use the shadow image to bring people into his shadow image space, forcibly transform them into his marionettes, and force them to work nonstop. In the long run, his shadow image space would continue to grow infinitely and be able to hold even more puppets. These people whom he had turned into puppets would become his stepping stones to success!

To Gao Tianming, these marionettes were like the rewards one got from a claw machine in a shopping mall. Not only would they be completely reduced to workers in his puppet factory, they would also become part of a unique collection.

"Captain, there seems to be someone at the foot of the mountain."

At that moment, a voice sounded in Gao Tianming's ears. It was Number 1 Devil-Subduing High's vice captain, Xie Ming, a man with naturally curly, yellow hair.

Xie Ming had also become one of Gao Tianming's puppets.

But Gao Tianming had gone easy on his classmates.

He didn't put them in his puppet factory. After the competition was over, he would release all the Number 1 Devil-Subduing High students. It was too dangerous to leave them alone to act as he wanted.

Thus, they might as well become his puppets and let him manipulate them all at once so that he could win the competition smoothly.

Given Nine Dragon Mountain's lush vegetation, he was worried that he might have overlooked something, so he dispatched professional pawns like Xie Ming to hide at the foot of the mountain as human meat shields. Once they spotted the enemy, he could quickly pull them back to the top of the mountain with the strings of the kite puppets to report the situation.

After hearing Xie Ming's report, Gao Tianming was utterly astonished.

He had noticed that coward Nan Yixiu run away earlier with his scouts.

Then, who else would come?

Zhu Hanyun from Titan High? Or Sun Rong of Number 60 High?

Gao Tianming pictured his opponent in his mind. Judging from the first elimination round, he felt that these two people were close to him in terms of fighting strength.

If it was Zhu Hanyun, he could take the opportunity to subdue him and turn him into a puppet for the Meatball Tank strategy later.

If it was Sun Rong...

Gao Tianming thought that if it really was Sun Rong, he wanted to turn her into his puppet even more.

He still had plans to become the ideal son-in-law of Huaguo Water Curtain Group, and the reason he was working so hard was to stand on the same level as Sun Rong one day.

There were times when a person's birth decided where his starting line would be.

Gao Tianming acknowledged the fact that he had started late.

But if he worked a little harder, he might be able to catch up.

Now, this powerful ability that he had obtained was the best proof of his efforts.

However, when he dispatched the kite puppets to check out the person at the foot of the mountain, his expression abruptly changed.

He had guessed wrong.

This person was neither Zhu Hanyun nor Sun Rong.

It was a person from Number 60 High whom he had never expected.

"This person is..."

Gao Tianming tried hard to recall the young man with the dead fish eyes and expressionless face who had started climbing Mist Peak step by step. His loose uniform fluttered in the wind which blew down from the mountaintop.

Under this massive wind pressure, the young man moved forward at a steady and light pace. Mist Peak could be divided into four stages.

The first stage at the foot of the mountain was the smooth stage. The wind pressure at this stage was normal, and similar to a hurricane.

The second stage was the interim stage. The wind pressure during this stage was more violent. Cultivators who wanted to climb to the top needed to channel their spirit power into the soles of their feet so that they stuck firmly to the ground as they climbed upward. If they didn't have enough spirit energy at this stage, it was very possible for them to tumble back down after making it halfway up the mountain.

The third stage was called "hell wind mist." The wind pressure here was the heaviest at over ten tons; it was like a truck falling from the mountaintop, and a constant pressure on the shoulders. One might even lose their life if they didn't get help in time.

The fourth stage was the safe stage. Thanks to Mist Peak's unusual geographical location, only the mountaintop had no wind pressure.

Gao Tianming was already on the mountaintop, but when he saw Wang Ling walking through the second stage in such a relaxed manner, like a grandpa strolling through a garden in a straight line, and even revealing a light and contented expression in the third "hell wind mist" stage, Gao Tianming simply couldn't believe it.

"Why isn't he the least bit affected by such heavy wind pressure?"

But very quickly, Gao Tianming noticed something about Wang Ling.

He saw a number of talismans which were burning continuously in Wang Ling's right hand.

It was a huge number of Wind-Setting Talismans! As long as you had this talisman, you could stand firm in the middle of a hurricane.

"So it wasn't because of his strength." Gao Tianming's expression lightened up. He stared at Wang Ling, who was climbing up the mountain with the burning Wind-Setting Talismans, and couldn't help but sneer in his heart. In his eyes, this was nothing more than a freak who was courting death by coming here.

Indeed, there was no need for Wang Ling to use the Wind-Setting Talismans.

Mist Peak's petty wind pressure couldn't crush him.

But taking this competition into account, and the fact that someone might notice their movements here at any time, Wang Ling decided to use the talismans to hide his true strength.

That way, it would seem to outsiders that he had borrowed the power of the talismans.

After successfully climbing to the top, the wind settled down, so there was naturally no need for Wang Ling to continue burning the talismans.

With one hand in the pocket of his school uniform, he walked toward Gao Tianming.

This close, he could already feel the evil power emanating from Gao Tianming.

It wasn't that the power of Shadow Dao was evil.

Rather, Shadow Dao could arouse the evil in a person's heart and awaken their inner demons.

If you were an upstanding and good person with core socialist values and well-rounded attainments in morality, intelligence, physical fitness and aesthetic sense, not only would you gain the power of Shadow Dao, you also wouldn't be corrupted by evil.





Chapter 1167 Gao Tianming's Fall From Grace


Shadow Dao was a two-edged Great Dao with a critical flaw that was very easy for evil people to exploit. However, Wang Ling felt that this flaw could be fixed. After all, Ah Nuan had yet to be born. She was probably the most powerful embryo in the world, or even the universe, right now, but she still had limited control over Shadow Dao. As long as Ah Nuan grew up and got rid of the aspect of Shadow Dao which triggered "evil," it would still be a Dao that would benefit all of mankind.

Wang Ling couldn't say for sure if Wang Nuan would cause all sorts of havoc after birth like he had due to lack of control over her power. What he could be sure of, however, was that Father and Mother Wang's instructions for him hadn't changed: As her big brother who had experienced the pain of losing control before, what he could do was help lead Ah Nuan on the right path.

"Relying on burning talismans to climb to the top? Number 60 High really has a lot of talent..." Everyone in the command center looked at the scene in front of them. They had already noticed movement on the top of Mist Peak. Gao Tianming had devoured Wang Zhen in a blind corner, so the scene hadn't been recorded. Until now, no one in the command center knew that Gao Tianming had already fallen into a demonic state.

Thus, when Wang Ling appeared on the summit in an attempt to rescue Wang Zhen, the headmasters in the command center just treated it as a normal Foundation Establishment duel. However, as Wang Ling's head disciple, Zhuo Yi instantly understood what Wang Ling was going to do.

He was all too familiar with Wang Ling's personality.

He wouldn't appear on the front line so easily to take action.

If he had chosen to make a move, he must have run into some problem.

As for burning talismans as he climbed to the top, it was very likely just a cover.

Even if he wasn't with Wang Ling, nor even the commander in chief of the operation this time, Zhuo Yi thoroughly understood that his job was to divert other people's attention from Wang Ling.

He promptly gestured to the staff member on the side, who was controlling the display, to cut away from the scene.

To prevent this very situation, Zhuo Yi and Lord Thunder had plotted early on to take over this staff position, and this person was in fact someone who had been dispatched by the Office of Strategic Deception.

Seeing the image on the large screen cut away, Zhuo Yi sighed with relief inwardly.

But he tensed up once again at Old Huang's next words. "Why did you cut away? I remember the list said that Gao Tianming is the strongest of Number 1 Demon-Subduing High's new students, and also the team captain this time. His opponent is Number 60 High's mascot Student Wang Ling. Their fight should be worth watching."

Zhuo Yi: "..."

Given Old Huang's status and identity as the shifu of one of the Ten Founding Generals, President Qi, it was impossible for Zhuo Yi not to know how much respect the former enjoyed in the cultivation world. The way Old Huang said it, Zhuo Yi immediately knew that he had to switch back to the scene.

Fortunately, Zhuo Yi had a plan B.

This was the second plan he had prepared for Wang Ling's sake, in the event that Zhuo Yi was asked to switch back to the scene.

It was just that the scene that he would switch back to wasn't the true scene of the battle.

...

At that moment, in a dark studio in Songhai city, Dharmaraja and Luo Chuang, this pair of slightly plump buffoons, were already fully prepared. They had already been on standby when the scene first cut away. In any case, they were Soul Formation experts; it wasn't difficult for them to emulate a duel between two Foundation Establishment cultivators.

This dark studio had a live projection effect, and could project an image of Mist Peak's entire landscape that was so realistic that one could hardly tell that it was fake.

What Dharmaraja and Luo Chuang were going to do was use the Transformation Spell to turn into Gao Tianming and Wang Ling.

After that, they would use the props which they had prepared beforehand to give a live performance.

Luo Chuang had produced these props earlier on.

After some investigation, Lord Thunder had gotten a complete list of magic treasures that students from the various schools might smuggle into the competition, and Number 1 Demon-Subduing High's puppet was on the list.

Now, it was a fight between Wang Ling and Gao Tianming. Luo Chuang immediately transformed into Gao Tianming and changed into the clothes he had prepared earlier before he took out a puppet prop which he had made himself - his "Luo Chuang Hardware" had been open for a long time and had received all kinds of odd custom orders for magic treasures; naturally, they had included puppets like this.

Thus, it wasn't hard for Luo Chuang to make puppets.

"Luo Chuang, isn't your puppet a little too detailed..."

When Boss Luio took out the puppet he designed, Dharmaraja was taken aback.

Rather than a puppet, Dharmaraja felt it might as well just be called an action figurine. It was painted all over, and its figure even conformed to the golden ratio. The most important was that it was even wearing clothes, and it was so detailed that even its finger joints could move freely.

Luo Chuang: "Dharmaraja, you don't understand. Puppets also need to look good. In any case, I'm still a magic treasure designer; I just can't take the crude and ugly puppets that Gao Tianming, this Foundation Establishment junior, uses."

Dharmaraja: "I understand, but the question is... why does your puppet look like Lord Jingke?"

Luo Chuang: "What a pointless question! Only Lord Jingke deserves my serious treatment! Be careful when you fight me later, and don't break my figurine... no, my puppet! In any case, this is just for show, and we just need to go through the motions!"

Dharmaraja: "Then do you have another puppet? Change it with another one!"

Luo Chuang: "I do! Don't regret it after I've changed it!"

"..." Dharmaraja suddenly had a bad feeling.

...

At that moment, Zhuo Yi sent a signal from the command center.

The scene would be switched back soon.

Dharmaraja and Luo Chuang prepared themselves and immediately entered "Oscar movie king" mode.

There was no doubt that this was a contest for best acting.

Dharmaraja, starring as "Wang Ling," starred expressionlessly at Luo Chuang, who was starring as "Gao Tianming." Dharmaraja didn't speak because he knew Ling Zhenren had always been a person of few words, and he would easily give himself away if he talked too much.

As for Gao Tianming...

Luo Chuang didn't know him very well, and could only rely on himself for this act.

And so, when Old Man Wang and all the headmasters in the command center saw the scene in the studio -

Everyone was struck dumb by the puppet behind Luo Chuang.

"We only cut away for a moment; how did Student Gao's puppet change so much?" Old Huang was puzzled. He remembered that Gao Tianming's puppet was a little more crude and scary-looking.

"Youngsters - it's certainly very normal to have one or two detailed puppets." President Qi laughed on the side. "But I didn't expect there to be such a huge difference in Student Gao Tianming's style. Perhaps he's a shut-in."

"A shut-in?"

Old Huang frowned as he shot a glance at the headmaster of Number 1 Demon-Subduing High, Li Qingxi. "Headmaster Li, I didn't expect the students of your esteemed school to have this side to them. A puppet master's puppet can actually reflect their personality."

"..."

As headmaster, Li Qingxi was also stupefied as he stared at the sexy female puppet behind Luo Chuang on the screen.

He remembered that his student Gao Tianming didn't have this sort of style!

What on earth happened in that moment when the scene cut away?

...

This was the puppet that Luo Chuang had switched to one second before the scene switched back. It was made with replica skin, and was known as: Adult Puppet...

And it was stark naked, with not a stitch of clothing on it...

Hence, everyone in the command center now knew that Gao Tianming from Number 1 Demon Subduing High had a dirty mind...





Chapter 1168 Full Body Shadow Dao


Actually, Zhuo Yi had always felt that Luo Chuang and Dharmaraja had acting talent. While the two of them were putting on a fake fight with moves that didn't actually hit flesh, it still looked very realistic, with the sound of qi explosions that one would expect of a Foundation Establishment punch. The only thing that was out of place was the incongruous puppet behind Luo Chuang.

This was, in fact, a narrative foil.

It was like in a detective thriller, where the utterly brilliant Holmes was paired with a Watson who constantly asked questions. The reason why Luo Chuang had chosen this awful setting for Gao Tianming was largely for him to serve as a foil to Ling Zhenren's personality!

This sort of contrast in particular really made Wang Ling look like a perfectly normal Foundation Establishment student!

Moreover, Luo Chuang was deliberately pulling his punches, which made it look as if Dharmaraja, who was acting as Wang Ling, was floating around lithely and moving so nimbly that everyone couldn't help gasping in amazement.

For one moment, everyone was deeply drawn in by the Wang Ling played by Dharmaraja.

When the headmasters saw this, they couldn't help praising him one after another.

"Somehow, I feel that this Number 60 High student has an exceptionally refined character, and looks very appealing!"

"Wonderful! Look, look at his nimble movements and how his tempo doesn't change. Despite the aggressive and constant changes in how he moves, his breathing is still so steady - it's no weaker than what cultivators with higher cultivation bases have."

"That's right, I agree! Also, did you notice, Student Wang Ling's hair seems to be standing up in the fight with Gao Tianming."

"Standing up? Isn't it because of the wind?"

"Look carefully! Student Wang Ling is clearly using a thunderbolt buff spell to increase damage in this melee fight; the electric currents running through his body can stimulate his meridians, even as he's fighting, and cause his strength to increase continuously! Who would have thought that such an ordinary student from Number 60 High would be able to be so clear-headed in a fight!"

"Student Wang Ling is certainly handsome. He looks like a Super Saiyan with his hair standing up."

"It can't be helped, given the contrast."

As the headmasters discussed the matter, the person who was most hurt was, of course, Li Qingxi, the headmaster of Number 1 Devil-Subduing High.

"..."

Headmaster Li Qingxi didn't expect Gao Tianming, who was usually the most steadfast person in their school, to suddenly let himself go in this competition... It was indeed very normal for boys at the height of puberty, and who didn't have a girlfriend, to have this sort of thing.

But the problem was that you shouldn't take it out during a competition!

Li Qingxi covered his face with his hands. As headmaster, he couldn't bear to watch the duel in front of his eyes, and for a moment, he felt utterly trampled into the dirt.

Conversely, Headmaster Chen was enjoying himself. He had already foreseen that Gao Tianming of Number 1 Devil-Subduing High would be the most difficult person to deal with in this group of students. He had been worried that Gao Tianming would steal the show from Number 60 High's students, but this fall from grace had suddenly happened, to the delight of everyone in the command center.

But what hurt most of all was that no one chose to throw jeers in Headmaster Li Qingxi's direction.

At that moment, silence trumped any words that could be spoken.

Sometimes, silent ridicule hurt more than an outright remark.

...

On the other side, Wang Ling and Gao Tianming were still locked in the real confrontation.

Gao Tianming was clearly astonished by Wang Ling's composed performance.

After he gained the power of Shadow Dao, the power of "shadow image" had combined with his puppets to basically give them in-built might! Under the Heavenly Dao restriction, Wang Zhen had the fighting strength of a level one Itinerant Immortal, yet Gao Tianming's puppets were intimidating enough to make his hair stand on end. With this young man in front of Gao Tianming, however, his bangs merely fluttered slightly in the wind...

"So, you are the hidden core of Number 60 High's strength!" Gao Tianming stared at Wang Ling, his eyes becoming especially serious. He even had reason to suspect that Wang Ling absolutely wasn't anything as simple as a Foundation Establishment cultivator.

At that moment, Gao Tianming recalled what that white-haired man had said when the latter had given him the frozen dumpling.

White Hair told him that if Gao Tianming were to run into a guy with dead fish eyes, he should avoid fighting him as much as possible.

And now Dead Fish Eyes had appeared in front of Gao Tianming.

A person who suddenly obtained power after yearning for it for a long time would swell with arrogance, and Gao Tianming was a typical example.

Wang Ling had already perceived Gao Tianming's intent while scaling Mist Peak.

The other side showed no signs of planning to retreat at all.

Gao Tianming was only sixteen, like Wang Ling. After combining with the power of Shadow Dao, however, his cultivation went far beyond sixteen years, and currently approached 3000 years' worth. He was stronger than a late Itinerant Immortal, and was a hairbreadth away from becoming a True Immortal... It had to be pointed out that the average strength of the headmasters in the command center was just slightly above the Soul Formation stage.

Only a very few headmasters were at the Itinerant Immortal stage.

This was the scary thing about Wang Nuan's Shadow Dao.

It could cause a Foundation Establishment cultivator to instantly level up to such a terrifying extent.

Wang Ling had once thought that this might be a joke which his unborn sister was playing on him; this leap in cultivation base was just too exaggerated.

But Wang Ling was very happy to take action this time.

In his opinion, Gao Tianming was indeed a subject worthy of careful study.

As someone with the power of Shadow Dao, Gao Tianming had merged completely with it, and it was fully under his control. Those who had eaten the frozen dumplings before had suppressed part of their strength. For example, Zheng Tianqiang, who had wanted to see justice done for his son, had eaten the frozen dumplings and inadvertently boosted his strength. In the end, he had gotten the verdict for the magic weapon plagiarism case reversed.

However, he hadn't dared to fully release all the power he had obtained, because he feared that the power of Shadow Dao would be too strong, and would ultimately destroy his soul and consign him to eternal damnation.

But compared with the others that Wang Ling had encountered, Gao Tianming's fusion with the power of Shadow Dao was much more successful.

Wang Ling thought this could be due to some "psychological defect" that Gao Tianming might possess.

Therefore, Wang Ling was deeply curious about Gao Tianming.

It wasn't easy to run into a "full body Shadow Dao."

He even wanted to do in-depth research, and analyze the structure of Gao Tianming's Shadow Dao space.

At that moment, however, the twelve kite puppets floating in the air suddenly moved! The moment they received a command, they started spinning at high speed like a pointer, and their mouths opened to spit out light that formed a curtain!

This was a Scene Construction Spell that had combined with the power of Shadow Dao. It was similar to an advanced illusion spell, and to anyone watching, the scene was frozen on the stand-off between Gao Tianming and Wang Ling.

The truth, however, was that a confined space which outsiders couldn't detect had been formed!

That was to say, the entire space was utterly sealed from the inside! Furthermore, given the presence of the power of Shadow Dao, Heavenly Dao spells for detecting illusion weren't able to spy on the real situation inside!

"You've fallen into my hands, Classmate Wang Ling." Gao Tianming stared at Wang Ling with a confident smile on his lips.

He thought that Wang Ling was now in his grasp, and Gao Tianming could now do whatever he wanted.

But little did he realize... the one who could do whatever he wanted, might not be him...





Chapter 1169 The Strength of Wang Ling's Waist


The moment Wang Ling confronted Gao Tianming, he had already thought up more than three thousand ways to perfectly get rid of the other party. But Gao Tianming wasn't evil; it was just that the power of Shadow Dao had amplified the dark thoughts in his heart to such a boundless extent that there was no going back for him now.

Wang Ling had no intention of killing Gao Tianming; he just wanted to take back the power of Shadow Dao. As long as Wang Ling could retrieve the power smoothly, the darkness in Gao Tianming would fade away.

This was the best solution Wang Ling had come up with, before things got worse.

Gao Tianming had tried to be smart by sealing off the entire battlefield, when he was in fact doing Wang Ling a favor; without anyone to disturb them, Wang Ling didn't have to worry about using his power.

He took a step forward. It was just one step, but the greatest of pressure, like a waterfall that was ten thousand li in height, instantly fell on Gao Tianming's head and made it hard to breathe.

"You..." Gao Tianming stared at Wang Ling with profound shock all over his face. He had thought that this would be a good show of him using the power of Shadow Dao to catch a turtle in a jar - never had he thought that the turtle would be him!

This wasn't the power of a Foundation Establishment cultivator!

"You and me, are we the same sort of people?" Gao Tianming looked at the red dead fish eyes in front of him and tried to confirm it from the expression in Wang Ling's blooming King's Eye, but couldn't get an answer.

The same sort of people?

Of course not...

Although Gao Tianming had merged well with the power of Shadow Dao, it wasn't even a trillionth of Wang Nuan's strength.

Wang Ling had already deciphered Shadow Dao, and while he wasn't very proficient in it, he had nevertheless crossed the threshold of understanding.

Wang Ling now had four Great Dao buffs.

The main Great Dao: Heavenly Dao! Wang Ling had been born with it.

Divine Dao: Wang Ling had learned it on Divine Dao Star after two long minutes of study.

Fate Dao: Wang Ling had instantly comprehended it in the prison after Bai Youquan was caught.

Shadow Dao: Wang Ling had been especially diligent in researching it in order to destroy those frozen dumplings and also for his little sister Wang Nuan's sake.

Wang Ling currently grasped these four Great Dao.

In fact, there was also a type of Dao which could make him invincible and immune to all types of magical attacks, which was "Outer Dao."

Strictly speaking, however, it couldn't be classified as a Great Dao, and was only a branch of Heavenly Dao.

Back then, Bai Youquan's father, President Bai Zhe, thought that he had mastered a Great Dao, but the power of Outer Dao fell far short of Heavenly Dao.

In short, compared with Wang Ling's Shadow Dao, Gao Tianming's Shadow Dao couldn't be called a phoenix feather and dragon horn1 - it was just a chicken feather from a baby chick.

1(Something that is very rare.) It was a pity that Gao Tianming, as one party in this fight, clearly didn't know what true strength was.

It was like Nan Yixiu said.

Gao Tianming was crazy.

If Wang Ling didn't show Gao Tianming the real gap between strengths and make him despair and give up for real, this guy would definitely continue on the wrong path.

"The world only needs one genius, and that's me!" With a hysterical wave of his hands, Gao Tianming manipulated two puppets into flanking Wang Ling in a pincer attack in the next moment. These "Butcher" puppets were more lethal and faster than Ripper, who had dealt with Wang Zhen earlier.

Thanks to a more flexible gear design, the hooked, golden rings around the Butcher puppets' waists started to spin rapidly as they approached Wang Ling.

Wang Ling could tell that Gao Tianming planned to kill him.

Boosted by the power of Shadow Dao, the rings around the two Butchers' waists could spin over one hundred million and three thousand times a second. It was powerful enough to cut gold and stone! It could even split mountains!

But this speed still couldn't compare with when Wang Ling did the hula hoop at seven years old; back when he was far less powerful, his hula hoop could already reach a speed close to two hundred million rotations per second.

He even outright defied gravity and took off like a helicopter as he flew away from Earth for the first time...

But there was a saying: A real man didn't boast about his past achievements. This was a childhood trick which Wang Ling didn't think was worth showing off to outsiders.

But it was precisely because of his hula hoop experiences back then... (Because he frequently broke them, Wang Ling eventually cultivated the skill of doing hula hoops with air.)

Now, without a physical hula hoop, Wang Ling's speed when he shook his waist at just ten percent of his strength could break one billion times per second!

So when Gao Tianming manipulated the Butcher puppets into lunging at him, Wang Ling subconsciously started to shake his slim waist at a high speed; he was so fast that Gao Tianming actually saw Wang Ling turn blurry and indistinct.

As Wang Ling's waist shook like the high speed guichu videos on Bilibili, the whole of Mist Peak's summit started to sway slightly.

There could only be one outcome for the two Butchers after colliding with Wang Ling's waist shaking at one billion times per second, and that was to crash and burn.

The Butcher puppets were sent flying from Wang Ling, and they broke up into spare parts. Gao Tianming couldn't believe his eyes.

A gear the size of a palm fell and rolled over to his feet...

When he bent down to pick it up, he was instantly burnt by how searingly hot it was.

He hadn't been able to clearly see what Wang Ling had done, and his Butchers had actually fallen apart, just like that!

"What on earth did you do?! Wang Ling!" Gao Tianming roared furiously. It was very loud and intimidating, like a mental patient howling hysterically at other people.

But in Wang Ling's eyes, this was just empty rage.

"Physical attacks are useless on me." These were the first words Wang Ling said since the fight started, and could be considered a friendly warning.

Shaking his waist at one billion times per second was something that Wang Ling only remembered after looking at the Butcher puppets; it was a silly skill that he had invented back then, which looked especially stupid when he shook his waist at a low speed.

But when he sped up, no one could see what he was doing at all.

Furthermore, he had long cultivated a Sage Body. Even if he didn't shake his waist, the Butchers would still be courting disaster when they crashed into him.

"I'm going to turn you into part of my collection!" Gao Tianming's eyes were red as he stared at Wang Ling. He didn't know why Wang Ling, as a Foundation Establishment cultivator, had the same power as he did, but he now planned to turn Wang Ling into his puppet.

"Become my puppet, Classmate Wang Ling!" Gao Tianming laughed coldly and snapped his fingers. His shadow gradually rose up from the ground to hover behind him!

This was Gao Tianming's Shadow Image — a clown on strings, which gave off an evil aura!





Chapter 1170 How Not To Lose Yourself


The evil clown, which was as tall as Gao Tianming, gave off a repugnant feeling that could instantly fill a person with immense horror. It had a bleeding nose and cracked lips, and even the moles at the corner of its eyes resembled sharp blades that could cut a heart open. Four strings dangled over the puppet clown's head, and they were none other than intestines...

It looked a little revolting, but this was actually just the psychological effect of Shadow Image, which also indicated how deep Gao Tianming had fallen. Once his heart demon was triggered, the Shadow Image would directly reflect the darkness in his heart.

Using the power of Shadow Dao should usually result in a Shadow Image form similar to the weapon spirit of magic weapons; even if they weren't as good-looking as Jingke or Mysterious Sea, they should at the very least still have a regular human appearance.

Wang Ling frowned as he gazed at the horrifying image in front of him. His first reaction was to decide to give away his remaining packets of fried intestine-flavored crispy noodle snacks in an equivalent exchange with Heavenly Dao.

He was a sixteen-year-old boy, after all... He couldn't help feeling a little queasy at the sight in front of him.

So Wang Ling was now doing his best not to throw up the acid roiling in his stomach. Given the power of his gastric acid, if one drop of it fell to the ground, it would probably burn a hole through the earth...

Seeing Wang Ling clutch his stomach, Gao Tianming thought his threat had worked. His Shadow Image was called "Puppet Clown," and had the ability to create dread through an illusion. When a person was caught in it, the more they looked, the more frightening they would find it. Wang Ling could be considered pretty capable for not fainting on the spot.

"There's no point in struggling, Classmate Wang Ling. I'm definitely going to make you part of my collection." Gao Tianming smiled darkly, and with one thought, several more intestines flew out of Puppet Clown's belly to wrap themselves around Wang Ling's limbs and drag him into Gao Tianming's Shadow Image world.

Was this tentacle play...

Wang Ling had no interest in engaging in tentacle play with a man.

He opened his King's Eye and fixed his attention on the large intestines flying toward him. Under his gaze, these intestines actually slowed down.

This was the passive "don't touch this great one" effect of the King's Eye. If these unidentified life forms still insisted on trying to approach Wang Ling after his warning look, they would be directly annihilated.

Thus, these large intestines instantly slowed down in midair and then stopped.

Under the weight of Wang Ling's King's Eye, they didn't dare advance.

As a Shadow Image, Puppet Clown was controlled by Gao Tianming's will, but it also had some spiritual intelligence and wouldn't do anything to harm itself. Once the Shadow Image appeared, it was bound to its owner's body, and any injury the Shadow Image received would also be reflected on its owner.

Gao Tianming was clearly astonished by Puppet Clown's hesitation. This had never happened before, and he never imagined that his own Shadow Image could actually feel fear.

The Shadow Image and its owner were of one body and mind!

At that moment, Gao Tianming could clearly perceive the panic and terror in the heart of Puppet Clown that was causing it to tremble slightly...

The next moment, Wang Ling's King's Eye turned into a sharp sword that directly pierced Puppet Clown!

He used his power of sight to tear open a gap to the Shadow Image world.

Wang Ling knew that there were a lot of people who were still trapped inside the Shadow Image world. If he disposed of Puppet Clown now, those people would also be extinguished along with it.

At this point in the battle, Gao Tianming finally realized that Wang Ling's strength was basically beyond his understanding. He had manipulated his Shadow Image into devouring people previously, but the person in front of him had forcibly torn open a gap with his own strength, as if he were cracking open a roast duck, and then stepped inside!

The moment Wang Ling entered the Shadow Image world, Gao Tianming had a real mental breakdown!

The so-called Shadow Image world was in fact a small world space which the Shadow Image constructed with the user's mental energy. Wang Ling entering this small world now was akin to him forcing his way into Gao Tianming's mental consciousness.

This sort of massive energy monster suddenly invading his mental world made Gao Tianming fall to his knees as his head exploded with pain!

He was like a lamb waiting to be slaughtered as he clutched at his head, and his entire body curled up on the ground and jerked with pain!

Wang Ling had forced his way in, which would certainly damage Gao Tianming's mind. It had to be said, however, that Gao Tianming had brought this on himself... Did he have to turn so many people into puppets for no reason, and put them in his sweatshop in his Shadow Image world?

In the puppet sweatshop, the people who had already been turned into part of his collection worked endlessly like machines. Suspended from strings, they carried bricks one by one to wherever construction was happening; they were collector's items as well as cheap labor.

Only after Wang Ling was deep in the Shadow Image world did he realize how frighteningly dark the depths of Gao Tianming's heart were. Wang Ling could sense a force in this puppet factory that could make one lose their sense of self.

All the people who had been turned into puppets here had given up struggling and resisting as they were stripped of their human mindsets little by little. They would gradually forget their names and the people around them, and slowly lose all their memories of being human... Most of the people that Gao Tianming had turned into puppets were Foundation Establishment students. Foundation Establishment cultivators had relatively weak minds and willpower, and were more easily assimilated into this mental world.

The worst cases were those who had completely lost themselves here.

In front of the line of people carrying bricks, Wang Ling noticed a familiar figure who was being flogged with a whip.

It was as Wang Ling had thought. When he felt Wang Zhen's aura disappear earlier, it was indeed because Wang Zhen had fallen into Gao Tianming's trap and had been absorbed into the Shadow Image world to become a puppet.

He saw that Wang Zhen had turned into a marionette; his body seemed to be hanging from four steel wires as it worked tirelessly and repetitively beyond his control.

Wang Ling merely stood and watched from afar. He didn't know if Wang Zhen had been assimilated, or how much of his consciousness remained.

But he looked at the man's expression and saw that it was different from that of the other puppets.

There was determination in his eyes, as if he hadn't given up thinking on how to get out of here.

Then, their eyes met.

Wang Zhen's spirit was suddenly shaken, and he instantly got excited.

"Ling Zhenren!"

He shouted inwardly in the utter belief that Wang Ling could hear him.

Wang Ling was about to praise Wang Zhen for actually being able to retain his sense of self in such a terrible Shadow Image world, when Wang Zhen said, "Ling Zhenren, you're finally here! I was wondering how not to lose myself in this space... So I've been deliberately making trouble in order to be beaten. The moment I'm whipped, I feel refreshed and remember everything!"

Hearing this, Wang Ling slowly gave a "?"

Why did this guy sound like he was enjoying himself?





Chapter 1171 As Expected of You


Trapped in the sweatshop, Wang Zhen had managed to avoid losing his sense of self because he actually enjoyed the sensation of being beaten...

Wang Ling couldn't help sucking in a cold breath at such a heaven-defying reason.

It could only be said, as expected of Wang Zhen; as a man who had suffered all kinds of brutal beatings, he had still managed to survive to this day. For one moment, Wang Ling couldn't help but feel utterly moved by Wang Zhen's experiences.

There were so many prodigies in the world, and Wang Zhen in fact hadn't been as talented to begin with. However, after enduring beatings from the moment he was born, Wang Zhen's strong desire to live triggered his deeply hidden potential, and he was enlightened bit by bit with every beating...

That was how Wang Zhen became stronger.

A person's personality formed at an early age, and was largely influenced by the family environment; Wang Zhen's predisposition toward being beaten probably could no longer be changed in this life.

In some sense, Wang Ling thought that the bad-tempered young miss of the Liu family and Wang Zhen were quite compatible. Wang Zhen was a meat shield, while Liu Qingyi was naturally short-tempered. Wang Zhen was used to all kinds of beatings since young, and could naturally endure better than an ordinary person. If they got together, this would simply be a harmonious balance of Yin and Yang...

But feelings couldn't be forced.

Wang Ling wasn't a matchmaker, and wouldn't meddle with other people's feelings - a relationship should be allowed to take its natural course.

The next moment, Wang Ling raised his hand to cast a spell and reconstruct this Shadow Image world with his current understanding of Shadow Dao.

He had to resolve this as soon as possible, and couldn't linger for too long in this Shadow Image world. The longer he tarried, the greater the damage to Gao Tianming's mind.

After roughly three seconds, Wang Ling snapped his fingers, and all the strings which the puppets in the puppet factory hung from were cleanly cut. After that, everyone's bodies turned into light particles that quickly vanished.

Everything happened extremely fast, and in the blink of an eye, Wang Zhen had already returned to reality. All the rescued students were lying in neat order on the ground. There was a huge difference in pressure from the change in worlds, and it felt like there wasn't enough oxygen on the way back, which was the main reason why these students were unconscious.

Hence, Wang Zhen was the only one awake.

At that moment, Wang Ling had one hand on Gao Tianming's forehead as the latter knelt on the ground and cried out in pain, but there was no one else around to hear his hoarse and gut-wrenching cries.

A few minutes later, Wang Ling pulled out a black shadow which reeked of evil from Gao Tianming's body. Under Wang Ling's direction, it hovered around his fingertips before gradually converging into a black ball the size of an egg in the center of his palm.

Finally, Wang Ling flipped his hand and pressed down. On the side, Wang Zhen saw several golden chains stretch out of thin air to firmly secure the black ball before dragging it into some space.

The seal was complete!

"Heavenly Dao Lock!" Wang Zhen recognized these chains, which originated from the power of the six main Heavenly Dao. Wang Zhen had always known that Wang Ling was very strong and was in a different dimension of power altogether, but he was still shocked by the appearance of the Heavenly Dao Lock.

It wasn't uncommon for people to possess Heavenly Dao nowadays; in the Domain of the Gods in particular, there were as many people who could use Heavenly Dao as hairs on an ox.

But knowing how to use Heavenly Dao and comprehending Heavenly Dao were two different things. No one with Heavenly Dao would ever dare say that they comprehended it...

There were innumerable profound mysteries in Heavenly Dao; one universe contained three thousand Heavenly Dao, and ten universes contained thirty thousand Heavenly Dao.

It already wasn't easy for a person to spend their whole life pursuing and seeing into the profound mystery of one Heavenly Dao.

As for the so-called Heavenly Dao Lock...

It was actually a symbol - a symbol of the complete rule and control over the power of Heavenly Dao...

"Ling Zhenren, who on earth are you..." Wang Zhen started to feel curious about Wang Ling's identity.

Wang Ling: "..."

But the truth was that even Wang Ling himself didn't know who he was... Who the hell knew why he was so strong? And the scariest part was he wasn't someone reborn - he didn't have any such "rebirth" setting on him!

Seeing that Wang Ling didn't say anything, Wang Zhen knew he might have offended him, and thus quit asking questions. However, he still had some doubts about Gao Tianming. "Why didn't Ling Zhenren just directly eliminate this evil rather than seal it?"

A seal.

This was currently the best solution Wang Ling could come up with.

He explained the situation to Wang Zhen telepathically.

Gao Tianming's case was more unusual. He had merged so closely with Shadow Dao that if his Shadow Image was destroyed outright, he would also die. A seal was thus the safest way. In addition, Gao Tianming himself wouldn't be affected by the seal; it was the same as him having his ability confiscated so that he could no longer use the power of Shadow Dao.

Furthermore, after rescuing everyone, the first thing Wang Ling did was to use the Great Memory Spell to completely replace everyone's memories that had to do with Shadow Dao.

Gao Tianming was essentially also a victim.

He couldn't be considered inherently evil - it was just that someone had deliberately taken advantage of his fierce competitive streak and ambition.

The important thing now was to ferret out the mastermind behind the scenes.

Wang Ling had initially planned to take things as they came and wait and see, since based on his past experience, someone would definitely show up to upset this national competition. He had never expected, however, for the culprit to actually make use of Wang Nuan's power of Shadow Dao.

This immediately gave Wang Ling a sense of danger.

The power of Shadow Dao was still unstable, and its misuse could lead to a massive and devastating crisis...

Making use of his little sister, who had yet to be born, to do evil was something that Wang Ling wouldn't forgive no matter what.

"I need your help." At that moment, he turned his eyes to Wang Zhen.

"Ling Zhenren, please speak." Wang Zhen was full of reverence.

Wang Ling's task for him was quite simple: He wanted Wang Zhen to act like a human radar to check if there were other participants in this competition who had the power of Shadow Dao.

Wang Ling had more or less finished studying Shadow Dao, but was worried that the power would be uncontrollable if he used it himself. So, the best way was for Wang Zhen to check things out in his place.

"I will do my duty." Wang Zhen agreed without any hesitation.

There was no need for Wang Zhen to eat a frozen dumpling or whatnot; Wang Ling simply poked him lightly in the forehead.

In the next breath, it was as if the shadow under Wang Zhen's feet was imbued with magic as it started to take visible shape and finally turned into a human Shadow Image form.

A normal Shadow Image was human in shape.

This was a brawny man with great muscle tone and who was only wearing a pair of white pants. Apart from that, he was distinctively wrapped from head to toe in layers and layers of rope.

This was Wang Zhen's unique Shadow Image, called: Bound Man...

After getting a clear look at this Shadow Image's appearance, Wang Ling sighed in his heart once again: As expected of you!





Chapter 1172 Bound Man


Every Shadow Image had its own name. A Shadow Image normally took human form since it represented the heart's desire - its abilities also evolved out of what the heart wanted.

Bound Man.

Wang Ling checked Bound Man's strength with his King's Eye.

If Shadow Images were divided into ten power levels, Bound Man was at level six. Its advantages were its long hands and mature power. It was only at level six now, but if Wang Zhen made proper use of its power, it could still move up in the future.

"Is this my Shadow Image? Why does it seem so vulgar?" Wang Zhen stared at the muscular man wrapped in rope and felt that this sight was a little unreal. He was such an upright person, but his Shadow Image actually looked like this... Moreover, the point was that Wang Zhen believed he had a normal sexual orientation... but why was his Shadow Image such a hunk with such thick muscles, and who was stouter than Kuxuan?

"The person behind the scenes is on Nine Dragon Mountain somewhere. It'll be too obvious if I make a move. You're responsible for finding them." Wang Ling spoke telepathically to Wang Zhen. He had activated Wang Zhen's Shadow Image so that Wang Zhen could secretly search for the person's whereabouts. Wang Ling then brought Gao Tianming's puppet over and cast a spell called Great Apparition Spell on it.

It was a real apparition that would confuse everyone.

Wang Ling turned Gao Tianming's puppet into Wang Zhen's appearance. While it looked a little wooden, it was more than enough to pass for the real thing.

"I'll leave it to you." Wang Ling then left with the puppet that had been transformed into the fake Wang Zhen.

Wang Zhen returned Wang Ling's meaningful look with one of his own. "Leave it to me, Ling Zhenren!"

To guarantee the success of this operation, however, Wang Ling also arranged for two people to help Wang Zhen out.

Thus, after Wang Zhen watched Wang Ling leave the barrier, Er Ha and Xiao Yin jumped out from the side, and had Wang Zhen quickly change into the special forces uniform.

"Aren't you Ling Zhenren's..."

Although Er Ha had already taken on a human form, Wang Zhen was still able to quickly recognize the person in front of him as Er Ha thanks to his emerald green-colored hair.

"We received Master's command to come and help you find out who's behind this," Xiao Yin quickly replied. The most critical thing now was to uncover the person behind the scenes.

Standing in front of Wang Zhen, he saw the Shadow Image behind him. "Is this your Shadow Image? It doesn't seem like you at all. So, your heart's desire is to be tied up?"

Wang Zhen was instantly embarrassed. "It's a misunderstanding..."

Xiao Yin: "There's no need to explain, we understand."

With that, he also revealed his own Shadow Image.

Wang Ling had helped activate it remotely earlier.

Xiao Yin's Shadow Image was also the standard human form. It was a knight in thick leather armor with waist-length hair and dead fish eyes. But this knight's weapon wasn't a sword or a bow - instead, it was a collar around his neck...

"So, the collar is a weapon?" Wang Zhen's lips twitched. He felt that Xiao Yin's Shadow Image wasn't much better than his, except for its slightly more normal-looking appearance. The point was that this was a collar! This indicated that Xiao Yin wanted to be collared!

"I very much want someone - the best would be Master - to take me for a walk on the street." Xiao Yin declared what was in his heart. He had always longed for this, but most unfortunately, as one of the very few holy beasts left in the world, he had to abide by Wang Ling's principle of keeping a low profile.

He didn't want to be slaughtered over rumors about the heart of a holy beast like pitiful Dog Saint, whose last remaining bone was refined into Bone King and fell into Er Ha's hands.

The power of a Shadow Image was the symbol of the heart's desire.

Hence, a knight with a collar around his neck couldn't be considered overly strange... Wang Zhen was just curious about its use in actual combat.

"Let's go, then," Er Ha said at that moment.

"Not going to show us yours?"

"I'll leave it to your imagination."

"This Gao Tianming is still unconscious - what should we do?"

"It'll be fine once we leave the barrier. The screen in the command center will switch back to this place. Dharmaraja and Luo Chuang are currently acting it out, and the outcome of this battle will be Little Master Ling and Gao Tianming colliding to create a fierce explosion and knocking out everyone on Mist Peak..." Er Ha said.

The script for this great battle was fixed and everything had already been neatly arranged beforehand.

Thus, after Wang Zhen left with Er Ha and Xiao Yin, the protective talismans on everyone on Mist Peak was triggered. The protective golden lights shot up into the sky, and the teachers who were patrolling nearby rushed over.

And so, the students from Number 1 Devil-Subduing High School as well as several other schools were declared eliminated...

...

Headmaster Li Qingxi had a vexed look on his face in the command center. It was only the second day, but one of the favorites, their Number 1 Devil-Subduing High School, was already no more?

"Where's Wang Ling?! Why isn't Wang Ling there?" When the screen switched back to the real scene, Headmaster Li Qingxi shouted in agitation. He stared at the search and rescue operation that was happening on site as his eyes swept the scene for those dead fish eyes, but he couldn't find any trace of Wang Ling.

"Old Li, calm down." Next to him, Headmaster Chen smiled slightly. "Clearly, if Wang Ling isn't there, that means he was sent flying by the explosion, but his life wasn't in danger."

"This is the top of Mist Peak! If he's sent flying into a cliff, how can his life not be in danger?!" Headmaster Li was fired up. He desperately hoped that Wang Ling was also eliminated, otherwise their Number 1 Devil-Subduing High School would completely lose face... They had formed an alliance with so many schools, but were actually directly wiped out by one person. It was just unimaginable...

"Have you forgotten what Mist Peak's terrain is like?" Headmaster Chen theorized, "My guess is that Student Wang Ling must have been affected by Mist Peak's unique terrain after he was sent flying. When he was falling, he was buoyed up by a nearby air current, thereby slowing his descent and ultimately allowing him to land smoothly."

"How can that be possible..." Li Qingxi said in disbelief.

Was that the power of Number 60 High's mascot?

Headmaster Li slumped down in his seat, and was unable to come back to his senses for a long while...

Headmaster Chen's words were soon confirmed by a side screen in the command center. When the image switched back to Number 60 High's camp, they could see that Wang Ling had already returned with Wang Zhen, who had gone missing earlier.

Wang Ling looked a little dirty on screen - it was clear that he had just gone through a huge battle.

Since he was putting on a show, then he had to see it through to the end.

Of course, Wang Ling wasn't hurt. He had just used a spell called Great Dirty Spell to make himself dirty...

This spell wasn't initially meant to be used for this purpose, but for making fine food.

For example, dirty buns...





Chapter 1173 What Is It Like to Like Someone?


Chen Chao was relieved when he saw Wang Ling, who had been missing, bring the fake Wang Zhen safely back to Number 60 High's camp. "Damn, you're finally back! I heard from Nan Yixiu that you went to Mist Peak by yourself to fight Gao Tianming one-on-one? How can you be so brave? Do you have a cheat?"

Wang Ling: "..." As an outstanding individual who had inherited cultivation socialist values, Wang Ling was disinclined to use something as impractical as a cheat - that was because he was a cheat himself, so he didn't need to use one.

Wang Ling was worried that he wouldn't be able to explain what just happened, but Zhuo Yi had naturally prepared for that as well. He arranged for a member of the special forces, who had already been stationed nearby, to deliberately pass over Number 60 High's camp while on his way to help out at Mist Peak. As expected, he was intercepted by the students here.

"Teacher, what on earth happened on Mist Peak?" Nan Yixiu asked. He felt that it definitely wouldn't be so easy for Wang Ling to bring Wang Zhen back. Who was Wang Ling? He was Number 60 High's mascot and the weakest in their team! If he could snatch Wang Zhen back from a lunatic like Gao Tianming, Wang Ling must have definitely struck some sort of deal with Gao Tianming.

At the same time, however, Nan Yixiu felt a little puzzled, since it was clear that this member of the special forces was rushing over to Mist Peak, which proved that a fierce battle had likely taken place there.

This member of the special forces, whose passing had been premeditated, said, "A student with the surname Gao caused a huge explosion, and all the students there were eliminated."

"All of them were eliminated? Then Wang Ling..."

"Oh, do you mean the student with dead fish eyes? He was blown away by the qi blast and wasn't caught in the explosion." After saying this, this member of the special forces stepped onto his flying sword and left right away.

When Nan Yixiu and the people around him heard this, they understood instantly.

This was because Mist Peak's terrain was unique, as it was surrounded by rising air currents. Thus, when a person fell from Mist Peak, it was like wearing a parachute. So, was that the reason why Wang Ling was able to land safe and sound after he was sent flying by the qi blast, and furthermore was able to bring Wang Zhen back with him?

After sorting out the entire sequence of events, Nan Yixiu looked at Wang Ling in astonishment.

Everyone said that this was Number 60 High's good luck charm... Seeing truly was believing, and Nan Yixiu came back to his senses. Was the only thing he could say, "as expected of Wang Ling"?

This rumored mascot could actually be this lucky!

"As expected of Classmate Wang Ling!" Nan Yixiu couldn't help but give a thumbs-up and marvel at Wang Ling's awesome operation.

On the other side, Sun Rong had worried about Wang Ling the entire time, and she breathed easier when she saw him come back safe and sound with Wang Zhen. When she didn't see Wang Ling earlier, she had felt especially nervous, and was even prepared to call her family bodyguards remotely to go up the mountain for a search and rescue...

This was a privilege that only Sun Rong had.

That was because after the previous attempted assassination by Shadow Stream, President Qi had in fact allowed Huaguo Water Curtain Group to send more internal group members to protect her, and these people were actually waiting in the distance at that very moment. They weren't allowed to interfere in the competition, but they could protect Sun Rong if it became necessary.

But Sun Rong wasn't very concerned about her own safety.

As long as Wang Ling was fine, she could take anything.

Sun Rong hadn't only been thinking about herself to begin with when it came to the deployment of these bodyguards. There were so many classmates of Number 60 High here; as team captain, she was naturally responsible for protecting her team members.

"It's good that you're okay."

Seeing that everyone was safe and sound, the girl smiled. She looked at Wang Ling's face, which was as calm as ever, out of the corner of her eye, and her heart felt somewhat at peace.

With Wang Ling's return, the second night of the national competition passed without a hitch.

Everyone on the other main peaks of Nine Dragon Mountain knew that Number 60 High had sent their lone mascot to wipe out the Mist Peak camp that was led by Number 1 Devil-Subduing High... Everyone was stunned, and started to take various measures to guard against Fire Peak; a number of camps that had intended to besiege Fire Peak before this canceled their plans.

Mainly, everyone felt that there was something ominous about Number 60 High.

It seemed that anyone who came into contact with Number 60 High came to a bad end.

In the girls' tent at midnight, Sun Rong sensed that Liu Qingyi seemed uneasy. In many cases, girls were like an open book to each other, and they could understand each other's thoughts.

"It's my turn on watch." A blanket over her shoulders, Sun Rong said down next to Liu Qingyi and gave her the hot fruit tea she had prepared. Stumped for a bit, Liu Qingyi then reached out to accept the steaming cup of fragrant tea.

After taking a deep breath of the sweet smell, Liu Qingyi felt much calmer.

Sugar could stimulate dopamine, which in turn could help get rid of anxiety.

Holding the hot tea, the two girls sat side by side, hugging their knees.

Liu Qingyi drank the fruit tea with a heavy heart.

Then, Sun Rong asked bluntly, "Are you worried about Classmate Wang Zhen?"

"Says who?! Don't... don't talk rubbish..."

It was clear that Sun Rong had guessed right. Liu Qingyi blushed on the spot, and even her ears turned red.

Sun Rong suggested, "If you're really worried, you can actually go take a look."

"I... I just feel something isn't right with Wang Zhen." Liu Qingyi lowered her head and looked troubled as she said, "He hasn't said anything or quarreled with me after coming back."

Sun Rong nodded. "That's a little strange."

Even she could tell that Classmate Wang Zhen's behavior seemed a little "wooden" now, and he was always in a daze like a blockhead.

Sun Rong wondered, "Could it be that Gao Tianming scared him silly? I heard that the explosion on Mist Peak was quite violent. If it wasn't for the protective golden talisman, everyone might have been seriously injured..."

Liu Qingyi didn't respond.

She was well aware that the whole story might not be that simple.

Wang Zhen was a thick-skinned person, and had a very sturdy body; after living with Wang Zhen at Wei Zhi's place, she knew very well what his character was like.

In fact, after knowing him for this long, she no longer found him so annoying.

This person who had come down from the Domain of the Gods to "escape marriage" like her... There were times when he could even be reliable. At the very least, he gave her the feeling that he was shouldering his responsibilities the way a man should.

Emotions were always so complicated.

Liu Qingyi thought that this wasn't something a young girl could understand, since there was an age gap between her and Sun Rong, and she was reluctant to share this worry of hers with anyone else. Now that Sun Rong had hit the nail on the head, however, Liu Qingyi started to slowly lower her guard.

Perhaps she had placed too much importance on age?

"What's it like to like someone?" asked Liu Qingyi in a low voice.

Sun Rong looked at the other side, where Wang Ling was looking up at the dark sky, and said to Liu Qingyi, "When you like someone, you'll always feel worried and anxious for him; even when he's looking at the sky, you'll worry that the stars might fall and hit him..."





Chapter 1174 The Great Sky-Gazing Spell


When Sun Rong said this, Wang Ling was gazing up into the night sky. Although her voice was very soft, he still heard her.

There wasn't any noticeable change in his somewhat wooden expression - only his ears moved a little.

Wang Ling was savoring this moment of peace.

Of course, he wasn't looking up into the sky purely because he was stargazing, but to prevent a giant meteorite from crashing into Earth... No one knew that on countless, very late nights, Wang Ling would often observe the movements around Earth. As soon as he discovered a meteorite that was on a collision course with Earth, Wang Ling would use the Great Sky-Gazing Spell, just like now, and steer it off course with the power of his King's Eye.

Many astronomers would find that a meteorite which was initially on a collision course with Earth would be pulled away from its original trajectory by some other gravitational force.

This was very likely to be Wang Ling's doing.

Wang Ling had been silently protecting world peace all this time...

The fake Wang Zhen, whom Wang Ling had created using Gao Tianming's puppet, was sitting close by and also looking at the sky. Liu Qingyi and the others couldn't see through an illusion at that level, even when they touched skin, since this sort of powerful magic was especially realistic. Of course, the puppet wasn't completely flawless; it did indeed look a little more wooden.

Since a puppet didn't have spiritual intelligence, only its appearance could be changed; its IQ couldn't be increased.

It might have been better to create a clone of Wang Zhen with the Great Separation Spell since a clone's personality would be similar to its master's. However, that would divide up Wang Zhen's combat strength, and given that the enemy he was going to confront was extremely powerful, losing part of his combat strength would put him at a disadvantage.

So, this was the only way.

What Wang Ling didn't expect was for Young Miss Liu, who had been bickering with Wang Zhen all this time, to suddenly worry about Wang Zhen's condition.

Wang Ling was a little puzzled by this.

Theirs should have been a hostile relationship, but it seemed that they had developed a more complicated relationship.

On the mountaintop, Wang Ling used the Great Sky-Gazing Spell to tidy up several giant meteorites that had been hurtling toward Earth. He then got up and patted the dust off his butt before he gave the floor over to Liu Qingyi, who was on tenterhooks behind him.

After a long, internal struggle, Liu Qingyi finally sat down next to Wang Zhen at Sun Rong's encouragement. Looking at Wang Zhen's sluggish appearance, she suddenly felt a little distressed.

How could someone who had been fine before turn into a simpleton who looked like he was comatose...

"Wang Zhen?"

Liu Qingyi tried calling his name, but the fake Wang Zhen didn't respond at all.

Wang Ling secretly observed the two of them from where he was standing in front of the boys' tent. He noticed that Sun Rong was also standing outside the girls' tent and stealing looks at what was happening. Wang Ling could see the obvious blush on Sun Rong's face, along with what appeared to be some traces of envy.

As the night wind blew gently over the mountaintop under the bright starry sky, Liu Qingyi waited a handful of seconds, before resting her head naturally on Wang Zhen's shoulder...

...

Out on a mission with Xiao Yin and Er Ha elsewhere, Wang Zhen's shoulder felt inexplicably heavy, as if there was an invisible weight pressing down on it.

"Nervous?" Xiao Yin noticed that Wang Zhen's expression seemed tense.

"A little." Wang Zhen nodded his head and frowned.

Logically speaking, he shouldn't be feeling this sort of burden.

Could it be that the pressure from carrying out a mission at Ling Zhenren's behest for the first time was too much?

"I was the same when I received a mission from Master for the first time. Just take it easy. In any case, if you really can't handle it, Master will always show up at the right time," said Xiao Yin.

"Will Ling Zhenren really take action?" Wang Zhen was a little dumbfounded - he had thought that Wang Ling was testing him with this mission, and he had to complete it successfully.

After listening to Xiao Yin, he instantly felt the joy of having a powerful backer as support. However, Wang Zhen would still treat this mission seriously, since he was representing the Domain of the Gods... If someone from the Domain of the Gods couldn't even deal with an Earth matter, that would be a real humiliation for the Domain of the Gods.

It was good to have a backer, but you couldn't rely on them forever. One still needed to maintain a humble and calm heart, and continue moving forward.

"You should have encountered a lot of strong opponents in the Domain of the Gods, right?" The three people moved swiftly through the jungle as they jumped from tree trunk to tree trunk high up in the air and deftly used the surrounding terrain to conceal their movements. As long as they had the power of Shadow Dao, they could freely use shadows to hide their figures and even their auras.

"The power of Shadow Dao is truly mystical."

Wang Zhen was sensing more and more how formidable the power of Shadow Dao was. As a Great Dao, it clearly had its flaws, but that was only because Wang Nuan had yet to be born, so for now, it was hard to properly contain it. On the other hand, the advantages of Shadow Dao were even more apparent — it could enhance a person's shadow and turn it into combat strength, catching the enemy unaware in battle and dealing them damage.

"I have a hunch that our enemy is very powerful," Er Ha said as they advanced. From memory, Wang Ling had never given every single one of them buffs before a mission.

This proved that Wang Ling felt that the enemy this time could be very troublesome.

"I know." Wang Zhen nodded solemnly.

The mastermind behind the scenes had so far brought numerous dead people back to life. Some were savage Dark Network criminals and some were spectres and evil spirits that caused mischief in the dark. Moreover, Wang Ling's side currently had too little knowledge on the other party.

The ability to bring people back to life certainly couldn't be the other side's only ability.

"If the other side also has Shadow Dao, what kind of ability would it be?" Wang Zhen abruptly raised a question that was worth thinking about.

"We won't know until we see it for ourselves." Xiao Yin and Er Ha were also worried.

Since the enemy was an unknown quantity, they had no idea what would happen later.

At that moment, Wang Zhen said, "I have a theory."

"Let's hear it," said Er Ha.

"Bringing the dead back to life goes against the law of nature. There has to be a price for casting forbidden magic like this. Given how many people have been resurrected, it doesn't make sense that the other party hasn't paid any sort of price."

"That's true."

"But to put it another way, if the other side really is fine, then there is another possibility." Wang Zhen furrowed his brow. "This person might not be from the same dimension, or even from the same universe."

But Wang Zhen in fact also felt that there was a problem with this explanation.

Because if this person behind the scenes was from a different universe, why hadn't Gu Shunzhi, as the keeper of cosmic order, sensed it?





Chapter 1175 The Capability Of The Person Behind The Scenes


While Wang Zhen had a feeling that the person behind the scenes didn't have a simple background, he got the chills when he thought about it.

If even Gu Shunzhi couldn't sense this person, then he was above order...

As far as Wang Zhen knew, Wang Ling was the only person in the world who could jump out of order!

"Don't scare yourself. The enemy may be strong, but he's absolutely within our grasp," Er Ha said. He was, in any case, a demon king, and after accompanying Wang Ling for so long, he had naturally learned a lot from him.

Keeping calm was the best way to deal with any emergency!

"If this person is truly above order, why did he choose to attack Earth in particular?" Er Ha brought up a critical question.

Indeed, it was frightening that the other side was above order, but as long as he existed in this world, then there would be a way to deal with him.

The reason why the other side chose Earth had to be because Earth had something that he had to get his hands on, and it was likely that this thing could help him acquire new abilities or boost his current capability.

Factoring in the situation on Nine Dragon Mountain and what they already knew about the other party trying to seize control of Nine Dragon Mountain's heavenly vein, Er Ha felt that this matter might not be as simple as it seemed. There was a possibility that the heavenly vein was just a cover, and that what the other person wanted to grab was something else...

This person was above order, and even Gu Shunzhi, the keeper of order, was unable to sense him. The heavenly vein master valve under Nine Dragon Mountain indeed was the root of all the underground spirit veins on Earth, but since the other side's identity was one that even the keeper of order couldn't grasp, why would he need to activate this heavenly vein master valve?

The only explanation that made sense was that the other party definitely had another purpose.

At least, he wasn't planning to activate the master valve to absorb the heavenly vein!

"What Brother Dog says is reasonable." Wang Zhen agreed with Er Ha's conjecture. If the other side merely wanted to seize the master valve, he didn't have to go to so much trouble. By deliberately choosing to create a ruckus during the national competition, he seemed to be deliberately sending a signal to make people believe that he was trying to seize the heavenly vein...

Following on from Er Ha's words, Wang Zhen continued speculating: "If the other party's purpose is to grab the heavenly vein, it seems a little suspicious that he would go to all this trouble."

"So what do you think might be a reasonable explanation for this?"

"Everything he's doing is a cover. He doesn't want to seize the heavenly vein at all. He's choosing to act at this time simply to convince everyone that he's only here for the heavenly vein. There's also another very important point — the other side has deliberately resurrected so many people... Chances are that he's going to use them to cover what he's really doing and buy him time."

At these words, Wang Zhen, Er Ha and Xiao Yin basically thought of the same keyword.

That was right!

It was time — two hours1!

1(时辰 refers to one of the twelve two-hour periods in a day ..) From the various theories they had come up with, the critical factor in this mastermind's plan was that all this was for the sake of the two-hour blocks!

Specific time, specific conditions, followed by specific actions...

In the cultivation world, what sort of thing needed to be combined with "two-hour blocks" to bear fruit?

Wang Zhen frowned. "An array... Does the other party want to set up an array?"

Everyone knew that setting up an array only required: spirit power, an array layout, and magic seals!

These were the three basic requirements for constructing an array, as indicated in the Cultivation Encyclopedia!

But the truth was that in addition to these three basic requirements, the Almightys of the cultivation world paid even more attention to the fourth major requirement: the two-hour blocks.

It was absolutely necessary to pay attention to the two-hour blocks in every large-scale array.

The twenty-four hours in a day were divided into twelve two-hour periods.

Each of the twelve two-hour periods experienced different fluctuations in feng shui. In other words, the reason why large-scale arrays were so particular about the two-hour periods was to match the right time to the right position so that even more of the spirit qi of heaven and earth would be absorbed, and the array would resonate with nature!

"He's pretending that his goal is to seize the heavenly vein, when in fact, there's no need for him to do so, when all he needs to do is open the heavenly vein master valve. So, is his real purpose to use the power of the heavenly vein to mobilize fengshui and set up a massive hidden array?" Er Ha came up with this theory after putting all their deductions together.

Then, based on this theory, they now faced a new problem...

The other side summoned so many dead spirits and brought them back to life in order to buy time — more specifically, the two-hour periods.

He had gone to so much trouble to come up with a fake plan to seize the heavenly vein master valve, ostensibly to activate the heavenly vein, but this wasn't his real goal. Once the conditions were met, what he would take for himself was the spirit power needed in order to set up an array!

This was assuming that the other side already had the required magic seals.

Then, figuring out the array layout was another problem.

If they wanted to break the array, they needed to know its layout first.

An array was naturally a circle or an oval in design... However, Nine Dragon Mountain's terrain was very complicated, and didn't seem conducive to setting up an array.

"Could it be possible that he used the nine peaks around the mountain dome to draw a circle?" Xiao Yin asked.

"I don't think so." Wang Zhen shook his head. Using the peaks of Nine Dragon Mountain along with the mountain dome in the middle would be a shoddy array design — anyone with a little bit of experience in arrays would see right through it. Furthermore, that wouldn't be a large-scale array at all.

Wang Zhen's parents had told him stories before about the great battle between gods in the Domain of the Gods. The most remarkable array master in ancient times could set up an array centered around a small country! To bring his nation to new heights, this crazy array master decided to destroy his own country first, and then had the idea to set up a giant array.

In order to set up this giant array, the crazy array master calculated the locations and time, and dug a deep underground tunnel day and night until he finally completed a perfect circle around the country. He then activated the array in an attempt to sacrifice all the people in the country!

This inhuman dark array was the most notorious "National Blood Sacrifice Array" in the war of the gods! Once the array was created, the souls of all the Almightys with a particular level of cultivation inside the array were instantly sacrificed and their bodies turned to dust.

But this sort of giant array had long been banned, and was under strict restrictions, whether on Earth or in the Domain of the Gods... Growing up, Wang Zhen had only heard mention of it a few times.

He was deeply worried. "If such a giant array is set up... Huaxiu Alliance will certainly take action."

He was wondering...

If this array layout was even bigger...

If this giant array wasn't confined to just a single country...

What if the other party had planned to use the Earth as the array's end point since the very beginning...





Chapter 1176 Warrior! Zaomen Rokuro!


A frightening concept started to take shape in Wang Zhen's mind... A super cosmic-scale magic array was something he had never thought of; it was a little inconceivable, and more than that, filled one with absolute horror.

Er Ha's hair stood on end. "Are you sure the other party has already set up all the points of the array, and Earth is the last one?"

Wang Zhen's face was grim. "We can't rule out this possibility... it isn't just Earth that has heavenly veins. When the eight planets in the solar system and the sun itself move along a specific trajectory, this will coincidentally fulfill the conditions for setting up an array! As long as the heavenly vein main valve on Earth is opened before the planets and sun align along this trajectory, the array will be complete!"

Of course, all this was just Wang Zhen's speculation; he didn't have any proof.

Er Ha was tracking the aura, and the three of them finally reached the very center of the domed mountain peak. The patrols here were very rigorous: more than sixty three-member teams of the resident special forces were patrolling around the peak.

Given such a tight defense, it was logical to assume that signs of any outsiders setting foot on the domed peak absolutely wouldn't escape the eyes of the special forces stationed there. They lived here all year round and were especially familiar with this terrain. Each of them had eyes like a hawk - even on a flying sword, they could quickly lock onto a target at long range.

Furthermore, they carried high-precision detection magic treasures on them; the slightest movement nearby wouldn't escape their attention.

But in Wang Zhen's view, there was actually a fatal hole in this seemingly watertight defense.

"What if those people already snuck inside much earlier on?" Wang Zhen asked.

"You suspect that they're already inside?"

"That's right." Wang Zhen nodded his head. "Since this mastermind is planning to set up such an evil super cosmic-scale array, he must be very patient. I once heard about someone who wanted to ambush another person, and hid under the bed in the latter's house for a whole week, just to find the right opportunity and come up with an alibi. What this type of top-level Almighty has is plenty of time to wait, in order to fulfill his goal."

"Makes sense!" Er Ha and Xiao Yin were convinced.

The patience of a top-level Almighty was something they had already seen for themselves...

For example, when buying limited edition crispy noodle snacks, Little Master Ling would very patiently wait in line. Even if it was a long queue out the door, and there was a possibility that he might not be able to buy it in the end, he was still willing to wait patiently in line to buy limited edition crispy noodle snacks.

This sort of patience was something Xiao Yin and Er Ha had simply never seen before...

Sometimes, patience was needed to achieve something!

At this thought, the trio couldn't help sighing.

At that moment, close to the center of the mountain done, a patrol team hurried over to intercept Er Ha and the others. "You there! Who are you?!"

Although Er Ha and the others were also wearing the uniform of the special forces, the patrol members were still suspicious since the faces were unfamiliar to them.

"We're the special operations team." Xiao Yin stepped forward to answer the patrol team as he handed his Office of Strategic Deception badge to the captain.

This was the ID badge custom-made by the Office of Strategic Deception. Before the start of the competition, Huaxiu Alliance had personally spread the word among ally troops and explained the method for verifying the authenticity of this badge. The moment the team captain touched the badge, he already knew it was the real thing. He then saw the "Silver" engraved in the center of the badge, and immediately widened his eyes.

"My deepest apologies, it's actually Perfected Being Silver!" The captain had an awed expression on his face. When he saw Xiao Yin's bare feet, he was even more convinced of his identity.

That was because he had already learned that this Perfected Being Silver from the Office of Strategic Deception liked to be barefooted.

"It's fine." Xiao Yin waved his hand. "We're here on Lord Thunder's orders to patrol the interior of the mountain dome and check for hidden dangers. You can remain at your post; you don't have to follow us."

"Understood! Please be careful!"

After Xiao Yin was done speaking, the captain returned the badge with both hands and immediately let them pass.

When they were some distance away, Er Ha revealed some disbelief on his face. "When did you become Perfected Being Silver?"

"It's all thanks to our colleagues! It's also easier to get things done with this identity. Thunder already anticipated that something like this might happen," answered Xiao Yin.

The interior of the domed mountain peak was the hinterland of Nine Dragon Mountain, and where the switch for the heavenly vein main valve was located. Usually, a test station to monitor the vein would be set up in such an important and strategic location, but as they went deep into the mountain, Wang Zhen realized that there weren't any modern buildings on the domed mountain peak.

"I heard that to protect the ecosystem, there aren't any modern structures on Nine Dragon Mountain. The resident special forces just set up tents and stay there, including Old Huang, who has always been stationed here," said Xiao Yin, who had done the research based on the information which the Office of Strategic Deception had obtained.

"Old Huang also lives in a tent, despite his status?" asked Wang Zhen.

"Old Huang's place is slightly better. There's a natural stalactite cave on the mountain dome, where Old Huang has been living all this time in order to safeguard the heavenly vein main valve. He never once left, even if Huaxiu Alliance summoned him; he just created a clone to attend the meetings. The word is that Old Huang's real body hadn't left the cave for a very long time, perhaps over a thousand years. If Huaxiu Alliance hadn't appointed him as the chief commander this time, he might have chosen to remain in the cave," said Xiao Yin.

Stationed inside a stalactite cave to guard the heavenly vein for over a thousand years...

Wang Zhen was instantly on the alert. "Where is this cave?"

He was now thinking of a scary possibility.

Just as Xiao Yin was about to lead them to the stalactite cave where Old Man Huang lived, powerful pressure suddenly descended upon them.

"Enemy incoming, watch out!" Wang Zhen was instantly on guard. In front of the stalactite cave, a warrior with a blindfold around his eyes appeared. He wore thick warrior armor and gave off an aura that reeked with the blood of slaughter.

"This person is..."

Xiao Yin felt that this person was a little familiar, and that he had seen his name on the list from Huaxiu Alliance of dangerous individuals who had been resurrected.

"That's Zaomen Rokuro! A swordmaster from Sun Island who uses the Supernatural Seven Kills Technique to kill people in seven moves," answered Er Ha.

He had been a notorious criminal of the Dark Network back then, who had been killed by peacekeeping troops sent by Mixiu nation during the "Hunter Operation."

The most important point was that this Zaomen Rokuro seemed to have some connection with the Old Devil...




Chapter 1177 Kill a person in 7 steps


Zaomen Rokuro's {Seven Killing Techniques} became famous in those days. It is said that no matter what enemy he encounters, he will decapitate him within seven steps. Now when I see it again, this sense of murderous oppression is really shocking. Feeling a little suffocated.

If it weren't for the average strength of Wang Zhen and the other three, even if these members of the resident special forces encountered Zaomen Rokuro at this moment, their bodies would be restrained by a huge sense of oppression. They would be unable to move as if they were directly petrified. Half a minute.

"Zaomen Rokuro died in a hunter action back then. But he was still very strong. Everyone should be careful." Xiao Yin took the initiative to take a step forward with bare feet.

As a holy beast, it has strong self-healing ability. Even if its head is severed, it can be repaired and brought back to life in an instant as long as it can be reconnected immediately.

It is said that Zaomen Rokuro's Seven Killing Technique is amazing in the world. But Xiao Yin believes that the opponent will definitely not be able to destroy him... No matter how strong your Seven Killing Technique is, my self-healing ability is not bad either!

However, when Zaomen Rokuro saw Xiao Yin moving forward with bare feet, Zaomen Rokuro took a step back unconsciously. He placed his hand on his katana. Although he was blindfolded, his movements were still precise and graceful: " You're three against one. I'm afraid that's unfair."

Unexpectedly. As a darknet criminal originally from Sun Island, Zaomen Rokuro's Mandarin is surprisingly good. There is even a Beijing accent in it.

"Don't worry. We are one on one. If I lose, we will leave immediately." The expression on Xiao Yin's face was very confident. He believed that Zaomen Rokuro was not his opponent. Moreover, Zaomen Rokuro was already about to die. He He shouldn't have appeared in this world. Facing hell is his only way out.

"No. It's unfair for the three of you. I should be allowed to choose my opponent." Zaomen Rokuro said. His eyes were covered with red cloth. There was a very harsh feeling when the hoarse voice came out.

Xiao Yin didn't want to understand why Zaomen Rokuro refused to challenge her. Then she sighed: "Then tell me. Who do you choose?"

Zaomen Rokuro lowered his head. A few drops of cold sweat could not help but flow from his forehead.

In fact, his {Seven Killing Techniques of Gods and Ghosts} is not a sword technique. It is a kind of perception and calculation ability.

He can measure the fighting prowess between each other and calculate how many sword blows the opponent will have to take before he can completely kill him...

In fact, he is not blind. The reason why he chose to be blindfolded is to improve his perception ability and avoid visual interference.

High-end swordsmen can fight with just hearing. Because when they close their eyes and lose their vision, their energy becomes more concentrated. The accuracy and explosive power of the sword will also improve as their mental power increases.

Zaomen Rokuro has predicted many enemies with his famous {Seven Killing Techniques}. And he deliberately chose those who predicted that they would be killed by him within 7 swords. In order to create the terrifying atmosphere of killing with 7 swords.

If the enemy he faces cannot be killed within the Seven Swords, Zaomen Rokuro will subconsciously choose to avoid the battle.

His reputation is still very important.

The said 7 swords must kill with 7 pieces. One more piece will have a huge impact on his character.

Even now, Zaomen Rokuro has been resurrected by the man behind the scenes. As a serious dead person, he still pays attention to his character.

The 7 steps to kill were agreed upon... no more steps...

So, when Zaomen Rokuro received the order from the person behind the scenes to station himself at the entrance of the stalactite cave, Zaomen Rokuro was planning how to shock the world again with his Seven Killing Techniques.

He was thinking about his revival plan. As a result, Xiao Yin, Wang Zhen, and Er Ha came to his door.

Zaomen Rokuro took a deep breath and put his hand on his katana.

He realized his opportunity had come.

However, when Xiao Yin took the initiative to confront him, a number suddenly flashed in Zaomen Rokuro's mind: +823192391 sword...

Zaomen Rokuro: "???"

He actually had to chop more than 800 million swords in a row to kill the young man in front of him?

What is the background of this young man...

More than 800 million swords. This is simply an impossible task. Even if the opponent stands motionless in front of him and lets him chop them, he can't finish them in a short time!

This was too far away from the Seven Swords Killing target! It even made Zaomen Rokuro extremely suspicious that there might be something wrong with his prediction.

So he raised an objection and asked for someone else to fight him!

Then. He turned his attention to Wang Zhen.

As a result, the number that flashed in Wang Zhen's mind was longer than that of Xiao Yin...

He needed more than a billion sword cuts to kill Wang Zhen.

Zaomen Rokuro took a deep breath.

He now suspects that there is a serious problem with his brain...

It stands to reason that his strength is not weak. At least it is more than enough compared to these special forces members outside.

but...

The numbers shown in both predictions are extremely abnormal.

This made Zaomen Rokuro break into a cold sweat.

Then, he placed his last hope on a young man with green hair.

Result. Er Ha also shows a lot of numbers...

Although it was also shown that it would take more than 700 million sword blows to kill him, Zaomen Rokuro has determined that Er Ha is the weakest among the three. And there must be something wrong with his {Seven Killing Techniques}.

Zaomen Rokuro suspected that maybe he had been dead for too long and forgot to add a decimal point to the Seven Killing Techniques of Gods and Demons. This led to such a terrifying number in front of him.

The main reason is that he thinks these three people are ordinary. They don't have the slightest breath in their bodies. They don't look like too powerful opponents.

The thought in my mind that it was my misjudgment that was wrong was even more confirmed in my mind.

If the problem is that the decimal point is not added, then among the three people in front of you, only Er Ha is 700 million swords... add the decimal point. Remove this 100 million swords, then it will be 7 swords.

So. After having such psychological comfort, Zaomen Rokuro breathed a sigh of relief.

He quickly put his hand on his katana. He stepped forward with an arrow. He ducked from the side with great agility, aimed at Er Ha and stabbed with his sword!

Er Ha also didn't expect that Zaomen Rokuro would directly choose him as his opponent.

But he had already been on guard.

This sword. Zaomen Rokuro moved a total of three steps...

In other words, he only needs to move four steps. Will he be fatally injured?

Suddenly, Er Ha actually felt a little excitement in his heart. It seemed that he had not been hurt for a long time since he turned into a dog... and when he gradually got used to the comfortable life on earth, in the past Those years of fighting among the monster clan gave him a nostalgic feeling of reminiscing.

Now fighting against Zaomen Rokuro. This made Er Ha think of what happened a long time ago for a moment...

In a daze, Zaomen Rokuro has moved to the seventh step.

"Be careful, dog brother!" Wang Zhen just finished his words. He saw Zaomen Rokuro's samurai sword slashing hard at Er Ha's dog head...

The next moment!

Bang! A sound!

Something broke on the spot...

But what broke was not Er Ha's dog head.

But. Zaomen Rokuro's samurai sword...





Chapter 1178 Three Men-style Brothers


This sword. Zaomen Rokuro is extremely confident.

His katana is called "Yousteel." It is made of the cold iron of the abyss of the Howling Abyss. It is indestructible! If his prediction of the Seven Kills is really wrong, he can definitely cut off Er Ha's dog head!

However, it turned out that his prediction was obviously wrong.

The power of this sword was of no use to Er Ha. He didn't even feel the slightest pain. His green hair fell back against the strong wind of the sword energy and floated in the wind...

"This!" This is the first time Zaomen Rokuro has faced this situation.

In the case of unequal strength, Zaomen Rokuro's chance of winning against anyone is very slim. Now that Wang Zhen and the others have gained the power of Shadow, this sword is naturally impossible to cause any harm.

Not only that. Zaomen Rokuro also lost his Yougang Sword in it.

"My Yougang... My Yougang is extremely sharp. It can cut iron like clay, the blade is sharp, and the hilt can be used for my girlfriend..." Part of the Yougang Sword. Zaomen Rokuro cried heartbrokenly. Split Lung. The Dark Steel Sword has been with him for many years. The first thing he did after his resurrection was to find his own Dark Steel.

But what Zaomen Rokuro didn't expect was that the Yougang Sword in his hand hadn't completely warmed up yet. It actually split into two pieces due to his misjudgment.

When the sword broke, the spiritual connection with the sword master was instantly cut off. Zaomen Rokuro felt like his heart was cut by a knife for a moment. He couldn't help but cough up a large mouthful of blood.

The pain of the backlash is far more powerful than imagined. It is a severe pain originating from the soul. When the pain starts, you can't even find any wounds. You can only feel the qi and blood surging in the body, and a splitting headache.

"You... will never beat the master..." After saying that, Zaomen Rokuro stabbed himself in the abdomen with the remaining half of Yougang. After confirming his death, his body scattered on the spot and turned into a pool of black light. Grains of powder are scattered in the wind.

Did you actually choose to commit suicide?

Wang Zhen pinched his chin and thought about the situation that was happening in front of him. A powerful swordsman like Zaomen Rokuro, who was extremely wanted on the dark web, would never choose to commit suicide because of the severe backlash.

To be able to reach such a wanted level, both his cultivation experience and combat experience are second to none. He would not choose to commit suicide in order to alleviate the pain.

So Wang Zhen immediately thought of another possibility.

In an independent mental space, Wang Zhen, Xiao Yin, and Er Ha established a face-to-face communication channel. In this completely isolated mental space, all the information they communicate will not be heard by outsiders.

"It's a fake death." Wang Zhen quickly made a judgment. He did not use any magic skills or his own eye power. Instead, he made a judgment entirely based on his own experience.

"Why are you so sure?" Er Ha asked. As a person who once pretended to die in front of Wang Ling... Er Ha is particularly sensitive to the word "faking death."

Pretending to be dead and then taking the opportunity to escape is a profound skill and knowledge. In the world of cultivation, the method of pretending to die can be used in combination with various spells.

Er Ha has seen a spell specially developed for cheating death. It is specifically called: {Fragmentation}. During the operation of this spell, the body can be split into countless fragments of different sizes. Finally, the jigsaw puzzle is used method to reconnect.

This is a very good trick to cheat death.

Of course, the required proficiency is also very high. Generally, you need to practice at home to reach the corresponding proficiency before you can put it into normal use. Because if you are not proficient, you will spell the wrong part.

And once you spell it wrong, you can only wait until the next time the spiritual energy accumulation is completed to cast the spell again and spell it again. There once was a male cultivator who turned into a little elephant man because he spelled his part wrongly.

And if you want to use this spell during the battle, if you are unskilled, it is very likely that the enemy will see through it due to uneven splitting. It is very likely that you will be "whipped", thereby destroying the integrity of the fragments.

"I know a curse-type suspended animation technique. It can be achieved by hurting oneself. These people commit suicide to bless their remaining soul power to a specific person. And this specific person must be a blood relative."

Er Ha: "In other words. Zaomen Rokuro has brothers?"

Xiao Yin nodded: "According to the information, Zaomen Rokuro does have brothers. And the three brothers are all very strong swordsmanship practitioners. It's a pity that Zaomen Rokuro's aura was too big back then. As a result, their other two brothers were buried."

"Is there such a thing? He has two brothers?"

"One is called Kaimen Qilang. The other is Yimen Jiulang."

"..."

...

It can only be said that Wang Zhen is indeed Wang Zhen. As a person from the God Realm, he can identify this spell of suspended animation at a glance. As expected, they have not yet stepped into the stalactites. A middle-aged man who looks exactly like Zaomen Rokuro The man walked out of the cave wearing the same clothes.

The only difference is that the sword in his hand is obviously different from the Yougang that Zaomen Rokuro took out earlier.

Although there is not much difference in appearance, it is obvious that Kamen Shichiro's sword has an evil power attached to it.

"It seems that their brothers have added all the power of the curse to the spirit sword..." Wang Zhen took a deep breath. Now that it has been confirmed that Zaomen Rokuro has two other brothers, I'm afraid this situation was planned in advance. Yes.

No matter it is Zaomen Rokuro or Shichiro Kamen in front of them, they are not afraid of anger. On the contrary, they can better bless their soul power to other brothers after death.

So we have to deal with these three brothers. Killing them by normal means will make them stronger.

"I'll do it." This time, Wang Zhen decided to do it himself. On the one hand, he also wanted to see how strong his Shadow power was.

Now he still lacks some practical experience. The three Menshi brothers are here. They are undoubtedly the best candidates for practice.

"The tied man!" The next moment, Wang Zhen stepped forward and called out the name of his Shadow image. When his shadow was activated from the ground, the muscular man with ropes all over his body was like a towering mountain rising from the ground. Rise up from the ground.

Demimen Qilang was shocked. He did not have the power of Shadow. He did not know what was happening in front of him.

The next moment, Kaimen Qilang felt his whole body tighten. There was an inexplicable force binding him! This force surrounded him layer by layer, like a rope!

This is a man's rope that is stronger than gold...as long as it is within the attack range of the shadow. Wang Zhen's shadow is a powerful control spell.

"You three brothers, where is the third person?" At this time, Wang Zhen stared at Qilang Demimen. The power of photography was actually more handy than he imagined.

It is worthy of the power of sister Ling Zhenren...

These brothers and sisters are both geniuses!





Chapter 1179 The real crisis...


Monday, November 17th. The third day of the National Cultivation School Physical Martial Arts Competition.

At dawn. When the first ray of the sun hit Wang Ling's face on the Fire Peak, it perfectly reflected the boy's beautiful profile. Although Wang Ling had tried his best to reshape it. The face makes one's appearance average. However, a person's temperament will not change because of it.

Wang Ling turned his attention to the top of the circle. He followed the movements of the three-person team composed of Wang Zhen, Xiao Yin, and Er Ha. Based on the combat strength value, Wang Ling felt that the three of them were currently turning on Shadow. In this state, you will not be at a disadvantage.

But Wang Ling always has a bad feeling...

The reason why he chose to let Wang Zhen take action to lead the man behind the scenes out was largely because he could not feel the aura of the man behind the scenes. This was something he had never seen before.

Wang Ling does not think that there is anything wrong with him. He still has very terrifying and irrepressible power. However, the strange origin of this unknown person behind the scenes is indeed unheard of by Wang Ling.

However, for Wang Ling, the troubles at hand don't stop there.

Early in the morning, Wang Ling stood on the cliff to observe Wang Zhen's movements. This move immediately triggered a discussion among the people in the Number 60 High School care Wang Ling group and the Wang Ling support club.

"What is Wang Ling thinking about? He looks restless." As a good brother, Guo Hao is actually very concerned about Wang Ling's movements.

To be honest, this was the first time he saw Wang Ling looking so anxious.

"This guy is usually very calm during exams. I have never seen him show such an expression..." Chen Chao thought of the past Wang Ling who calmly and calmly answered the questions every time he took the exam. He was calm and composed and got an average score. It looks like. Whether it is a large or small test or a monthly exam. The expression of Wang Ling has not changed.

Even though they have experienced so many activities, Wang Ling is still the most calm person.

"Maybe the game lasted too long. Are you feeling anxious?" Guo Hao touched his chin. He felt that he didn't understand what was going on.

"It's possible." Chen Chao nodded: "It's not necessarily because you are anxious about saving the world...how can it be so easy to be a hero these days."

Wang Ling: "..."

As a man with an expressionless face, he almost never shows anxiety on his face. Wang Ling never expected that his anxiety would be so obvious.

Because he is used to having a paralyzed face. Even if there are some micro-expressions on his face occasionally, this is still a sharp contrast to outsiders.

What should you do if your mascot becomes anxious?

Wang LingThe next thing they faced was naturally everyone forming a group to send warmth.

The first people to arrive were Chen Chao and Guo Hao. Each of these two good brothers hooked Wang Ling's shoulders.

Guo Hao: "Wang Ling. I think you won't be working today. Just have a good rest in the tent. I think there seems to be something wrong with your mental state. There are still several days to come. You are one of us The mascot. It must not collapse!"

Chen Chao nodded. He agreed with Guo Hao's opinion: "Let's do it Wang Ling. You are originally from the Talisman production team. I will draw Talisman for you today and tomorrow! You don't have to worry about anything. Just lie down! Besides, Do you need a massage? The martial arts massage techniques I learned from my dad are very good! It can relax the mind and muscles at the same time!"

Wang Ling was caught off guard by the sudden enthusiasm. He felt that he had underestimated the power of the fan support club organized by Xia Ming...

Xia Ming previously regarded Wang Ling as a "love rival." But after being captured by Wang Ling's charisma, he has now instantly become the president of the fan support club.

As the president, Xia Ming naturally came to express his concern for Wang Ling in person: "Is classmate Wang Ling feeling uncomfortable in any way? I have asked classmate Sun Rong to use the elixir-making machine to make a large pill. It's also an elixir. It's said to nourish yin and nourish the kidneys. It can help regulate qi and regulate the breath! Take one pill. It doesn't matter if you stay up late! The most important thing is that it can also strengthen the body and improve the body's immunity. It can effectively kill those difficult coronary diseases. Virus!"

Xia Ming's care has just ended. Several girls in the Number 60 High School camp are also busy. Li Youyue is preparing a nutritious and luxurious breakfast.

These are all foods made from local materials. Most of them are spiritual fruits and spiritual plants. Li Youyue uses her exquisite cooking skills to make fruit soup and vegetable rolls. They are both nutritious and hygienic.

Of course, there are also a few boys who suggest eating meat. However, eating "game" is actually not recommended now. In addition, many of the spirit beasts in Jiulong Mountain are protective spirit beasts. Otherwise, the act of killing just to satisfy the appetite is not recommended.

After all, there are many things that can be used to supplement nutrition!

Regarding the suggestion that the boys wanted to eat meat, Li Youyue also tried to use her own method to send people to collect some ling beans. They relied on soy products to make simulated meat. It could barely be regarded as a meat dish that was not meat.

Of course! In order to care for Wang Ling! Li Youyue specially made crispy noodles using Lingdou ingredients! They are fried and freshly baked on site! You can crush them and eat them directly with seasonings!

These seasonings are also collected naturally. They can be used after grinding them into powder and mixing them.

Wang Ling didn't expect that Li Youyue was so ingenious. She could even make crispy noodles in a wild survival environment.

Just for a moment. Wang Ling felt that his anxiety was really relieved a lot...

Until the next moment. Sun Rong found him.

"Classmate Wang Ling. They said your mental state is not stable. Are you sick?"Sun Rong took the initiative and touched Wang Ling's forehead to confirm Wang Ling No illness or fever.

Influenza is prevalent these days. It would definitely be troublesome if you really get a fever and get sick in the wild. But fortunately, she is almost ready to refine the Great Return Pill. Using the pill-making machine specially built by her family, it is nothing. Something too difficult.

"Did classmate Sun Rong see anything?" Liu Qingyi stepped forward and asked. She actually knew that Wang Ling was completely fine.

This one... is Ling Zhenren! How could something go wrong!

But at this time Liu Qingyi chose to take action. In fact, it was to repay Sun Rong's favor last night. So he decided to come out and provide a wave of assists.

"Tell me, could it be because the boys' tent is too messy? There are only a few in our girls' tents! Maybe someone has infected Wang Ling. I see that Nan Yixiu coughed a lot last night. Great."

cough...

Wang Ling twitched the corner of his mouth.

Scholar Nan Yi didn't cough very badly... He was just looking out for some boys who were peeking at the girls. But it was said that it was too dark and he didn't see anything.

Wang Ling thought Liu Qingyi came on the scene to save him. But he was shocked to find that the other party had sold him out completely...

After listening to Liu Qingyi's words, Sun Rong actually felt that it was very reasonable. Then he looked at Wang Ling and asked with a blush on his face: "Would classmate Wang Ling want to join us tonight? ..."

At this moment, Wang Ling's thoughts were completely empty.

Facing everyone's sincere care and concern, Wang Ling suddenly realized...maybe. This is the real crisis.

So. Wang Ling felt that instead of relieving her anxiety symptoms, she became even more anxious...

"Sleep together?" Liu Qingyi screamed. She just assisted. But she didn't expect Sun Rong to be so bold!

Sun Rong's face turned red. He stamped his feet anxiously: "What... I just want to say, do you want to change tents with us?"





Chapter 1180 No holiday even on New Year's Eve


Everyone's concern made Wang Ling feel uncomfortable. The strength of the support group formed by Xia Ming also exceeded Wang Ling's expectations. Wang Ling didn't expect that he would really become a crowd In my eyes, the group pet mascot is still the type that looks very weak and needs to be protected at all times...

As for the question of why Wang Ling has aroused the desire to protect others in a short period of time. As the leader of the Wang Ling fan support club, Xia Ming has taken on the important responsibility of interviewing everyone.

"Why do you think classmate Wang Ling needs protection?" Xia Ming randomly conducted interviews in the camp. The interview data will allow him to better perform his duties as a group leader.

Nan Yixiu, who was the first to be questioned, showed a surprised expression: "Mascots don't need to be protected and used as vases. Should we still let mascots charge into battle?"

Nan Yixiu decided to join the group after Wang Ling brought Wang Zhen back... because as far as he knew, Wang Ling was the weakest person in the entire Number 60 High School. That's why he was regarded as The school mascot. However, after Wang Zhen disappeared, this weakest mascot actually went out to find Wang Zhen and brought Wang Zhen back.

This made Nan Yixiu, the captain of Nanhai Tianzhong, feel ashamed.

So after thinking carefully, Nan Yixiu excitedly grabbed Xia Ming's hand and made the following comment: "As a mascot, classmate Wang Ling is really very courageous!"

Have courage.

Xia Ming really recognized this point. He had a conflict with Wang Ling at the beginning. But in front of so many people, he made a challenge to Wang Ling for Sun Rong! The result was Wang Ling Not only did he not back down, he even took the initiative after school.

He is indeed a very courageous man.

Except for Nan Yixiu, everyone else gave their own answers to the question of why Xia Ming, Wang Ling, needed protection.

Xia Ming: "As the closest classmates to Wang Ling, why do you want to join the support club?"

Chen Chao: "Wang Ling Well! The main reason why I joined the support club is because you promised to copy my homework every day as long as I join the school."

Xia Ming: "Can you stop being so honest???"

Chen Chao sighed helplessly: "There is no way. I used to copy Wang Ling's homework. He always got half of it wrong. What can I do... I got 4 wrong out of 10 questions. I always tried to pass the exam. The line passed. I don't even know how Wang Ling did it!"

Regarding Chen Chao's answer, Guo Hao has a deep understanding of it. Wang Ling is amazing both in exams and homework... For example, Guo Hao. He really can't figure out why Wang Ling can be accurate every time. Pressing the line. This is simply not something ordinary people can do.

"So. The purpose of joining the support club is just to better...copy homework?" Xia Ming felt ashamed of this speculative behavior.

Below is what girls think about Wang Ling. This is also the part that Xia Ming is most concerned about.

"Classmate Sun Rong. Why do you think classmate Wang Ling can inspire people to have a strong desire for protection?" Among the girls, the first person Xia Ming asked was Sun Rong. As he and Wang Ling's common "competition goal." Xia Ming is very concerned about Sun Rong's true thoughts.

Facing the interview, the expression on Sun Rong's face seemed particularly relaxed: "I just... I just think classmate Wang Ling is very cute!"

"..." Xia Ming suddenly felt like he had suffered a critical hit of 10,000 points.

cute...

Is this a word used to describe boys?

Xia Ming suddenly felt a little "sour." This was not only an era of scientific cultivation, but also an era of rampant lemon people. Their army of lemon people would use various bottom-line methods to personally attack you and... All kinds of irony.

Xia Ming wanted to ask, isn't he cute? However, facing a losing situation, Xia Ming felt that he had no chance of winning... because even from a boy's perspective, he had to admit it. Wang LingIt does make some sense.

However, as a boy with normal orientation, Xia Ming has no unnecessary thoughts about Wang Ling. He now only has full admiration for Wang Ling.

"Classmate Wang Ling is certainly cute. But everyone is so protective of classmate Wang Ling. Is it just because of his cuteness?" As the leader of the fan club, Xia Ming hopes to dig into something deeper. Compared to Because of Wang Ling's cuteness. In fact, what he admires more is Wang Ling's personality charm.

Sun Rong: "Isn't it enough just to be cute? There are too few cute boys these days. Look at the dead fish eyes of classmate Wang Ling. They are round and cute. Look at your eyes again. Eyelids. Every time I see you, I feel like you're not awake yet."

Xia Ming: "???"

At this time, Li Youyue on the side also interjected: "And have you noticed that classmate Wang Ling is particularly keen on dry noodles. According to our family's many years of experience in food, being keen on eating a snack means that this person is more dedicated. Usually the ideal type of boyfriend!"

"And snacks like dry noodles can also draw cards. If a man is so interested in the lottery, it means saving. And the lottery of dry noodles is mostly for collecting cards. This also symbolizes a spirit of persistence. If you win the big prize, it also represents luck."

After all, Li Youyue and Sun Rong high-fived each other and said almost in unison: "Who doesn't want to have a cute, dedicated, persistent and lucky boyfriend these days?"

"..."

At this point in the interview, Xia Ming felt like he had received a 10,000-ton blow...

Damn it! He can't do this interview anymore!

...

On the other side, Wang Zhen and his party have successfully entered the stalactite cave.

Wang Zhen's tied man tied up Qimen Qilang tightly. Because Qimen Qilang was already under control, their third brother Yimen Jiulang was not blessed by the power of the curse.

"I will never betray my brother. Even if you use any torture on me, I will not say a word!" Because of Wang Zhen's photo of the man tied up, it is impossible to let Qilang Demenqilang commit suicide. way to perpetuate the possibility of a curse.

Demimen Qilang is a man who is not afraid of death because he knows that his death will make his third brother stronger.

"It doesn't matter if you don't want to say it. Our purpose is not for you." Wang Zhen smiled. He has seen this method of grafting soul power through curses many times in the God's Domain. Zaomen Rokuro's method It's completely unsatisfactory.

The combined fighting power of these three brothers is just an appetizer. Wang Zhen is looking forward to a real battle.

As a fighting nation born in the divine domain. If a battle cannot threaten life at all.

So. What else does it mean?

:.:





Chapter 1181 No holiday even on New Year's Eve


The stalactite cave guarded by Huang Lao is divided into five major areas. After clearing the two brothers, Wang Zhen, Xiao Yin, and Er Ha successfully entered the stalactite cave inside. The moisture in the cave is very heavy, and there are constant water drops. It dripped from the stone pillar above.

Water droplets exploded on Er Ha's green hair. The icy cold air penetrated into the body, causing all the hair on Er Ha's body to stand on end. This stalactite cave has a history of thousands of years. There are stalactites everywhere in the cave. With the breath of immortality.

Some are like jade dragon teeth hanging upside down from the top to the ground, and some are like clouds and rain hanging from the sky. The white waves are rolling, which makes people wonder.

Although such a place is beautiful, it is impossible to live for a long time. The cold air from the thousand-year stalactite cave will make the whole body full of yin energy. Unless it is assisted by extremely yang exercises, otherwise you will definitely suffer from various diseases here in the long run. Such wet disease.

"I took a look at Mr. Huang from a distance before. What Mr. Huang practiced was definitely not a technique with extremely yang attributes." After going deep into the stalactite cave, Wang Zhen's doubts about Mr. Huang couldn't help but become deeper.

The so-called Extreme Yang Kung Fu. Wang Zhen was once fortunate enough to see a technique that could infuse the power of the sun into the body through Qigong. Finally, it was possible to achieve the perfect fusion of the sun and spiritual energy, allowing for free manipulation.

When the skill is activated, it combines the power of the sun, spiritual energy, and blood energy. The energy of the three different powers will be tightly entwined like a twist. When the last punch is punched out, the fist will emit a dazzling light like the sun.

That kind of skill is called {Sun Wave}. Wang Zhen only saw it once in his lifetime. And the boxing master who understood this skill is in the divine realm.

His name is Apollo. He is a fair-skinned man covered in pitch black who likes to apply olive oil all over his body. After practicing {solar wave}, his whole body is shining with golden light. His whole body exudes a golden aura.

But now there is no war in the God's Domain. Apollo, who has practiced {solar wave}, is indeed very strong. But because there is no war, he is now a traffic policeman on night duty in the God's Domain... responsible for maintaining the order of the God's Domain at night.

"Aren't there any more high-end jobs in your divine domain..."

"Yes. Apollo also works part-time as a power bank sharer. If I have the opportunity, I will introduce you to him."

"..."

Let's get back to the subject. The doubt raised by Wang Zhen is about Huang Lao's true identity. It is simply unrealistic to live in such a yin place for a long time without any yang skills...

In the chat channel, Xiao Yin and Er Ha. also showed incredible expressions after hearing the news.

"You mean... Mr. Huang in the command center is... fake?"

"It's just my current guess. Because there is no concrete evidence. Since the other party can make such a perfect disguise and even deceive President Qi, one of the ten generals, he must have his own unique method."

Wang Zhen felt that what was going on behind the scenes would never be so simple. There must be some little-known secrets inside. He knew that Mr. Huang was President Qi's master. The master and the disciple knew everything about him. If this was a fake Mr. Huang. With President Qi It's impossible to be unaware of Qi's abilities.

The more he investigates this matter, the more Wang Zhen feels that there is a mystery and evil behind the whole incident. A mysterious person behind the scenes who has not been revealed so far. A fake person who even President Qi, his own disciple, cannot distinguish between the authenticity and the fake one. Huang Lao...

How many hidden methods does the other party have?

Using his perception ability to detect the entire stalactite cave, Wang Zhen suddenly felt that his spirit was greatly shaken.

In the fourth and fifth areas of the stalactite cave, he could clearly feel that his perception was blocked by a mysterious force. The sea of spiritual consciousness fell into darkness for a moment. What happened? Can't see it anymore.

...

"I didn't expect you to come here. I told you that the three Menshi brothers are useless. Your Majesty, I still don't believe it." A familiar voice came from the darkness. It was a feminine voice. There was something in it. Very spicy taste.

Er Ha controls his dog hair. The green hair on his head bursts out with bright green light, illuminating the front instantly... This is Er Ha's new ability after evolving into a human form. He can use the fluorescence of his dog form to Adjust the color of dog hair to increase the brightness. Then put it out in this form.

"..."

Xiao Yin was shocked by this new ability. Because even he was seeing it for the first time...

Since when are there still green-haired players in the Super League?

Er Ha: "Since I evolved into human form, my newly acquired abilities are still being gradually developed. There are still many things you don't know, so don't be too surprised. These are basic operations."

Xiao Yin, Wang Zhen: "..."

With the illumination of Er Ha's green light, everyone finally saw clearly the appearance of the person coming in the darkness.

This is a woman with excellent body proportions. She has long flowing hair, slender eyes, and a straight nose. She is wearing a black and red corset. Her face is covered with thick makeup.

When Er Ha saw this person for the first time, he felt that his appearance was somewhat familiar.

However, when his eyes moved to the woman's breasts, Er Ha couldn't move his eyes away for an instant: "This is... this is 36D!"

The reason why he is so familiar with this size is not because Er Ha has become interested in human women. The main reason is because he has an indissoluble bond with 36D...

"Shadow Stream." Er Ha stared at the woman in front of him and made his own guess. At the same time, his eyes were extremely alert.

The Lord of Shadow Stream should have been captured by now. He is being held under high security by Warden Liang in the Number 1 Prison of Songhai City. Logically speaking, it is impossible for him to appear here.

Moreover, the Liuyue sisters had a history of escaping from prison before, which led Liang Yuchang to raise their level of imprisonment to the highest level in the scope of crime. Second only to the Mahjong trio.

"Yes. I am Shadow Liu." However, what surprised Er Ha was that the woman in front of him quickly admitted her identity.

She grinned and showed a sinister smile: "When I recovered, I knew that Shadow Stream had disappeared. Those two sisters were really useless. They destroyed the foundation I left behind. Shadow Stream was supposed to be the world's leader. The most powerful killer organization...unexpectedly, it was ultimately defeated by my two apprentices."

"Jiang Liuying, Jiang Liuyue...are all your apprentices?" Er Ha suddenly realized. It felt like all the clues became clear in an instant.

"Does all this still matter?"

The woman smiled: "The shadow stream of the past no longer exists... now... is a new beginning."

She took a step forward and immediately took out a sharp dagger from her slender thigh: "I am not the Lord of Shadow Stream. I am the ancestor of Shadow Stream. The third epic killer on the legendary killer list..."





Chapter 1182 The Ancestor of Shadow Stream


The legendary third epic killer...the founder of Shadow Stream. Jiang Yingyue. Killer's domain name: the ancestor of Shadow Stream.

In terms of combat power, when Jiang Yingyue was in his prime, he could be said to be on par with Gorgeous itinerant and Taotie Taoist. However, the masters of the three were not the same person.

It's just that Er Ha didn't expect that Jiang Yingyue, the legendary ancestor of Shadow Stream who had retired from the world, was actually dead... If she hadn't stood here again as a resurrected person this time, I'm afraid Jiang Yingyue would have been missing until now. To this day, it remains an unsolved mystery in the world of killers.

But how did Jiang Liuyue die? This made Er Ha deeply curious. In comparison, Wang Zhen and Xiao Yin were not interested in Jiang Liuyue's identity. But he and Liuyue had a bad relationship...

"Of course, the challenge to the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother failed." Jiang Yingyue said lightly, as if losing to the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother was a normal thing.

"Have you seen Ghost Ax Spirit Mother?" Er Ha was stunned.

"Of course I have seen it and fought against her. Although I failed miserably and eventually died from my injuries. But that fight between me and her... is really vivid in my mind." Jiang Yingyue said: "Now I have gained a new hope. I have had the chance. If I see her again, I will definitely take away her title as the ancestor of the killer world with my own hands..."

"Not only have we met, but we have also fought against each other..." Er Ha was even more surprised. Because he was one of the few people who knew the true identity of Ghost Ax Spirit Mother... He thought Mother Wang was an out-and-out housewife. If in I met a lunatic like Jiang Yingyue on the road. How could I have any room to fight back?

Er Ha thinks there is something fishy about this matter.

Although Mother Wang is the real ghost mother, Mother Wang's identity was formed due to various mistakes and coincidences. In fact, over the years, even Mother Wang herself has almost forgotten that she once had a person. The pen name of "Ghost Ax Spirit Mother."

She didn't even know that she had trained two people with the help of a lost outline.

Epic killer...

"Ghost Ax Spirit Mother. I have seen it too." Er Ha raised his head at this time. He was very patient. He was not in a hurry. He just wanted to test whether the person Jiang Yingyue saw was Mother Wang.

"She is the most special woman I have ever met. Elegant, intellectual and passionate about life. She is definitely a good example of a good wife and mother..." Jiang Yingyue didn't feel the slightest bit about her loss to Ghost Ax Spirit Mother back then. regret.

Sometimes when the skills are really inferior to others, there really is nothing to complain about.

Er Ha listened to these adjectives from Jiang Yingyue. At first glance, it seemed that they were indeed describing Mother Wang. When she was still using the pen name "Ghost Ax Spirit Mother", Mother Wang was indeed an intellectual and elegant female writer. She gave birth to a child. Wang Ling later. Mother Wang closed the book again and transformed into a good wife and mother...

So Er Ha listened to Jiang Yingyue's descriptions. He felt that the impression of Mother Wang in his mind began to become blurry.

Mother Wang. Is she really a boss?

For a moment, Er Ha felt that his whole body was in a mess. He had lived in the Wang family's small villa for so many days. He had never found anything unusual about Mother Wang. She was really just a housewife who followed the rules and followed the steps... But Judging from Jiang Yueying's situation, there are indeed signs of fighting between the two.

Jiang Yingyue glanced up and down at Er Ha. The first thing she did after her resurrection was to understand the development of Liuyue in recent years. As a result, when she learned from the news that Liuyue had failed to attack Number 60 High School to the entire organization was destroyed. It took... a month. When the organization she had planned so hard fell apart in an instant, Jiang Yingyue's heart suddenly collapsed.

After investigation, Jiang Yingyue found out that the key factor in the failure of Shadow Stream was due to his too indecisive style and lack of certain combat experience.

Therefore, Jiang Yingyue specially formulated a new plan! Named! In it, she carefully planned the grand blueprint for the future development of Liuyue. She also sorted out the objects that needed revenge.

And Er Ha. is suddenly on Jiang Yingyue's revenge list.

"In my revenge plan. I remember there was a green-haired dog..." At this time, Jiang Yingyue focused on Er Ha. Her slender eyes narrowed into slits, revealing a bit of cunning.

It can only be said that the ancestor of the shadow stream is worthy of being the ancestor of the shadow stream. Even though Er Ha has successfully trained into a human form, she can still see through at a glance that Er Ha's true form is actually a green-haired Akita dog.

There are many Akita dogs who have awakened their intelligence these days. But how many are there with green hair?

Jiang Yueying understood Er Ha's true identity almost instantly. He did not use any pupil power or magic weapon to identify it. Instead, he simply relied on his combat experience as the ancestor of Shadow Stream.

Her strength is not inferior to Gorgeous itinerant and Taotie Taoist.

However, Jiang Yueying still felt a little incredible about Er Ha's appearance: "I didn't find that you actually met the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother. And... you saw her. And you still survived?"

"Before the duel between Ghost Ax Spirit Mother and me, she signed a life and death agreement with me. If she dies during the fight, no one is allowed to cause trouble to anyone... She said to me, anyone who has seen her true form "Death is certain." After Jiang Yueying finished speaking, the look in Er Ha's eyes became even more strange: "You actually saw the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother and survived?"

Er Ha: "???"

He is not!

He didn't!

During the time he lived in the Wang family's small villa, he and Mother Wang looked up and down every day... Mother Wang didn't say that she would kill him just because he saw her true face!

At this time, Er Ha really felt that there might be some profound misunderstanding...

It is obvious that this misunderstanding cannot be explained clearly in words for a while.

Jiang Yueying lost to the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother at the beginning. Her biggest hope after her resurrection is to sum up the experience of previous failures and fight against the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother again.

But now, in Jiang Yueying's opinion, this wish can no longer be fully realized.

The Ghost Ax Spirit Mother said that anyone who has seen her true form will die... This dog has seen the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother but survived. Does that mean that this green-haired dog will kill the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother? Kill?

After sorting out her thoughts, Jiang Yueying stared at Er Ha again. At the same time, the expression on her face became a bit more gloomy: "Did you kill Ghost Ax Spirit Mother?"

Er Ha: "?"

Jiang Yueying: "Since you killed the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother, it means that your strength is higher than the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother... Then, as long as I kill you, it will prove that I am the ancestor of the world's number one killer. !"

"I think there may be some misunderstanding here..." Er Ha quickly tried to dissuade him. He was not afraid. He just felt that the matter was not completely clear yet.

However, how could Jiang Yueying be willing to give it a chance?

The next moment, the woman in front of her formed a dharma seal with her hands. Her whole body was divided into dozens of shadows, surrounding Er Ha!

The method of multiple clones!

Er Ha's eyes suddenly became alert.

This woman isn't kidding... she's serious!

:.:





Chapter 1183 The image of 2 clams


Multiple clone techniques instantly isolate the battlefield. Xiao Yin and Wang Zhen are separated. Smoke rises in the field in an instant. Jiang Yingyue's cunning is beyond imagination. This is not a simple clone technique. It is a self-destruction clone technique. Once The clone will explode immediately if it encounters external force.

The explosion power of a shadow clone is equivalent to 10 C4 bombs.

If so many shadow clones explode together, at such a close range without adequate protection, the Soul Formation will definitely be seriously injured! The power of such a bomb will also affect a wide range. By then, the entire stalactite cave will be destroyed. It was razed to the ground. The nearby area within a radius of 5 kilometers will be affected.

Although Wang Zhen and Xiao Yin feel that such a bomb will not kill them, once it detonates, it will definitely have a great impact on the ecology of the Jiulong Mountain area.

And the most important thing is that this stalactite cave is also very close to the main valve of Tianmai...

The consequences of the explosion are unimaginable.

The Tianmai General Valve was nearby. Wang Zhen originally thought that the other party would not be so serious. However, it turned out that Jiang Yingyue's craziness was not weaker than the three Menshi brothers at the door.

She didn't care about the Tianmai General Valve's problems at all. Instead, she devoted all her energy to the battle in front of her.

The person behind the scenes resurrected so many people. Their main purpose was to delay time. Therefore, the victory or defeat of this battle seemed to have no meaning at all in Wang Zhen's eyes.

However, this is an unavoidable battle. If Jiang Yingyue cannot be eliminated, they will not be able to go further.

As the third killer on the epic killer list, Jiang Yingyue's most familiar ability is "explosion." The so-called explosion is art. The lethality brought by close-range blasting is self-evident... As an expert in blasting, He is called an expert-level figure. Jiang Yingyue is also particularly confident in his abilities.

Especially after she successfully activated "Shadow." She has the ability to plant bombs through her shadow!

--Shadow Blast Goddess!

This is the name of her photo.

"The person who resurrected me gave me a very powerful power. My shadow can implant any shadow it comes into contact with into a bomb. What do you think you have a chance of winning against me?" Jiang Yingyue showed a sly smile. She is confident that her current strength is not enough to deal with a green-haired dog. The bonus of the power of shadow gives Jiang Yingyue a lot of confidence.

This is a power that Jiang Yingyue has never seen before. But it can double her overall strength in a short period of time. If she had this ability, Ghost Ax Spirit Mother met her. The ending is 100% only by being blown up by her.

But now. Ghost Ax Spirit Mother has been killed by the green-haired dog in front of her... So, as long as she kills this dog, she can still prove her status as the ancestor of the killer world!

Thinking of this, Jiang Yingyue's eyes began to get excited. Her image was that of a bookish girl. She was wearing a Lolita purple dress and holding an umbrella with a time scale.

This is the true form of Shadow Blast Lady. As long as it is covered by the umbrella in her hand, the shadow will be immediately equipped with a time bomb.

This is a very tricky photography skill. At least in Er Ha's opinion, it is far more powerful than the three brothers guarding the door.

"With my Shadow Blast Lady here, you have no chance of winning..." Jiang Yingyue raised her hand and began to control the Shadow Blast Lady to capture Er Ha's image. During the confrontation, Er Ha's figure could only jump around. Channeling. For a moment, Jiang Yingyue seemed to have complete control over the situation.

"No! We have to find a way! If this continues, Er Ha's shadow will be caught sooner or later!" Xiao Yin is not optimistic about the situation in front of her. The Shadow Blast Goddess moves very fast, far beyond imagination. Once Caught. Death is just a countdown.

Er Ha has not truly entered the realm of a holy beast. Its self-healing ability is far less powerful than that of a holy beast. Once it is blown to pieces, there is absolutely no possibility of restoration unless Ling Zhenren takes action himself.

"Wait a minute." Wang Zhen seemed much calmer and calmer than Xiao Yin. He had seen too many such battles. The outcome of all battles could not be determined until the last moment. Er Ha seemed to be at a disadvantage. But in fact Wang Zhen could see that Er Ha was looking for the right way to respond.

"Do you think you still have a chance of winning... Even the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother back then, I still don't take it seriously now. Let alone you, a mere green-haired dog?" Jiang Yingyue's smile was extremely confident. She Manipulating his own image, he launched an offensive against Er Ha unscrupulously. Although Er Ha was constantly dodging, this seemed to Jiang Yingyue to be nothing more than a trick.

These thousand-year-old stalactites in the Stalactite Cave have absorbed the natural spiritual power, causing the environment here to have a natural fluorescent effect. Any creature that sets foot here will inevitably be cast a shadow!

In other words, this is what Jiang Yingyue thinks is the best attack direction! As long as she can cast a shadow, it will always be her advantage!

"Mother Ghost Axe... is not something you can shake." Er Ha said to Jiang Yingyue earnestly. Mother Wang's status in the Wang family is beyond imagination. If Jiang Yingyue really doesn't have the guts to dare to attack Mother Wang starts... let alone Father Wang. Wang Ling will personally go out to skin Jiang Yingyue!

So Er Ha felt there was something fishy about this matter from the very beginning.

He felt that the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother Jiang Yingyue met might not be Mother Wang herself. There are many charlatans pretending to be traffic stars these days. The possibility of encountering a liar is still very high.

Taking a step back, if the person you meet is really Mother Wang, and Mother Wang has actually been preserving her strength as the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother. Er Ha feels that it is impossible for her Wang Ling little master to not be aware of it at all.

So to sum up, the probability of Jiang Yingyue meeting the fake Mother Wang may be higher.

But now it is obvious that no matter what kind of explanation Er Ha gives, Jiang Yingyue will not listen. She is eager for revenge. Since her resurrection, she has been looking forward to the second battle with the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother...

When she mistakenly believed that the legendary "Ghost Ax Spirit Mother", the ancestor of the killer world, died in her own hands, the impulse that had been accumulated for a long time and suppressed for a long time finally broke out. And she vented it all to the extreme. Er Ha's head.

"If you are stubborn, then I have no choice but to use my methods..." Er Ha sighed. He didn't want to show off his photography ability in advance before meeting the person behind the scenes. But now it seems... Jiang Yingyue The image is indeed too tricky.

The ability to plant a bomb on the shadow once it touches it is truly incredible...

In desperation, Er Ha had no choice but to send his own photos for a photo shoot showdown.

His photo is called: Gou's Fortress!

An ability that can instantly form a defensive barrier. The ability to turn one's own shadow into a castle! A mere bomb! An indestructible castle to him!

Er Ha has absolute confidence to win this game!

As Wang Ling's dog. He must not be embarrassed!





Chapter 1184 Ghost Ax Spirit Mother became a fraud?


The huge shadow takes on the shape of a steel toad. The whole body is made of copper and iron walls. The body shape can be controlled by Er Ha. Because he is fighting in the stalactite cave, Er Ha has shrunk the size of the fortress as much as possible. But it still looks impressive. Feel shocked.

This is a movable fortress. It is indestructible and has fierce firepower. There are no fewer than dozens of turrets of different calibers erected on the back alone! These turrets are all energy storage. It requires a certain amount of spiritual power to be entrenched in the body to accumulate cannonballs.

Er Ha has never summoned a shadow before. The main reason is to save psychic energy. He has been concentrating psychic energy for his shadow. Now it finally comes in use.

The moment Toad Fortress appeared, the entire body of the fortress immediately released a dazzling light, washing away all the nearby shadows! - All of this was within the scope of Er Ha's calculations.

Jiang Yingyue's shadow ability is a shadow bomb. It can be implanted by touching the shadow. This ability is tricky. But if you can freely operate the lighting effects of the fortress, Er Ha can accurately control your shadow to always stay on your body. The edge of the foot. Instead of forming a long shape and projecting it.

"You can try. My fortress psychic cannon is faster. Or your shadow bomb can hit me first!" At this time, Er Ha maintained a long distance from Jiang Yingyue. Defense and range were his. Advantages of photography.

Even if Jiang Yingyue breaks the jar and wants to use the clone technique to explode here, Er Ha can instantly swallow Wang Zhen and Xiao Yin next to him into his impregnable fortress.

Although the bomb was powerful, it was still within the defense range of his fortress. Even if he was injured, as long as Xiao Yin could give him a few drops of the holy beast's blood, he could be healed instantly.

"The terrain here. Are you going to use artillery fire on me? I'm afraid it's not good for you." Jiang Yingyue frowned slightly. The green-haired dog in front of her was more difficult to deal with than she imagined.

What's more surprising to Jiang Yingyue is that Er Ha actually also possesses the power of Shadow...

From Jiang Yingyue's perspective, the situation became more and more interesting.

"I can use as many as thirty types of artillery shells. Naturally, there are special artillery shells for this narrow terrain." Er Ha did not want to explain too much. In his opinion, the battle was already won or lost.

His "annihilation bomb" has the ability to automatically track. When it touches an object that needs to be destroyed, it will not cause a big explosion. Instead, it will produce a strong acid that can instantly dissolve a person into a puddle of acid water.

But to be honest. Er Ha didn't want to kill Jiang Yingyue directly...

The mystery of Mother Wang has not been completely solved in Er Ha's opinion. If Jiang Yingyue is killed here, I am afraid that there will be no evidence in the future. It will completely become an unsolved mystery!

The most likely guess now is that someone is currently using Mother Wang's identity as the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother to "deceive"... and Jiang Yingyue is one of the victims who was deceived among the countless killers.

"It seems that you haven't made up your mind to kill me yet. This is a taboo in battle." At this time, Jiang Yingyue laughed stubbornly. She grinned, revealing her white teeth. A rather sickly expression emerged. Show some rosiness.

The next moment, her figure moved quickly. Er Ha will never forget this scene. It was a desperate gesture of giving up everything.

As the legendary third epic killer on the killer ranking list, Jiang Yingyue's ability to seize opportunities is far beyond the twin sisters of the Shadow Stream Organization. She strikes fiercely and decisively, without any hesitation.

"Nine kills with wind and thunder!"

She threw the dagger in her hand and quickly formed a seal while the dagger was flying in the air for a few seconds!

In an instant, the dagger was thrown, lightning flashed, wind and thunder surged around. Thunder exploded, shaking the eardrums!

It's all in the blink of an eye!

"Tiny trick." Er Ha controlled the fortress in a defensive posture. The dagger did not penetrate Er Ha's solid armor.

Nine Kills with Wind and Thunder. This technique is not a high-level assassination spell. And the most important thing is. Er Ha also discovered that the dagger used by Jiang Yingyue was of very high quality. Not only did it not penetrate the wall of his fortress, it was actually on the outermost layer. The fortress's defensive light film was broken.

"You should have noticed. Yes. This is indeed an ordinary dagger. It doesn't even have an edge. But as long as it can achieve the effect, no matter how ordinary a dagger is, it is still very deadly." Jiang Yingyue laughed. She walked step by step in the direction of Er Ha, as if she was not afraid of the threat of bombardment from Er Ha.

"You..." And it was only then that Er Ha finally seemed to have discovered the key to the problem!

Jiang Yingyue's Nine Kills of Wind and Thunder was not intended to kill him from the beginning! Even Jiang Yingyue had no intention of killing him with this move!

She was using the high-frequency electric light formed by the Nine Kills of Wind and Thunder in a short period of time to find the angle, thereby controlling the length of the shadow under his feet!

This time may only be less than 3 seconds. But he has already entered Jiang Yingyue's range unknowingly!

Therefore, the opponent's goal from the very beginning was not to use {Wind and Thunder Nine Kills} to kill him. Instead, he used electric light to touch his shadow and set up bombs!

"Did you finally find it?"

Jiang Yingyue smiled: I am a dead person. It is not a loss for me to change one pair. You have already lost."

Jiang Yingyue was very confident in the explosive power of the shadow bomb. Even the steel fortress was impregnable. But if the shadow exploded from the inside, no matter how strong the external defense was, it would be of no use.

"This is a time bomb. In one minute, you will be wiped out. So, do you have any last words?" Jiang Yingyue asked.

"I do have one last question." Er Ha's voice was unexpectedly calm: "What I want to know is. Did Ghost Ax Spirit Mother receive any benefits when she agreed to duel with you?"

"Benefits?"

Jiang Yingyue smiled: "That is the ancestor of the killer world. The predecessor of all our killers. Isn't it appropriate to give some tuition before the duel?"

"So. You gave me money?" Er Ha twitched the corner of her mouth.

"As long as I can survive the duel with her, all the abilities I learned during the duel can be used by me. Although it is a pity that I died in the battle later, I have no regrets."

"The tuition. How much is it..."

"Not much. One call only costs 100 million. I thought I wouldn't die and even got a membership card. Members only need 50 million to get one call."

Jiang Yingyue counted with her fingers: "I remember... I seemed to have charged 1 billion in one go?"

"You actually recharged money..." Er Ha, Wang Zhen, and Xiao Yin looked shocked.

Now they can be sure that this ghost-axe spirit mother who is always looking for a fight... is 100% a liar!





Chapter 1185 You were fooled!


This is the point of inquiry. Everything has come to light.

With Mother Wang's character, she would never engage in deception. So there must be someone pretending to be the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother. But who is this person and what does she look like? Only Jiang Yingyue knows all this.

Er Ha didn't expect that after they took on the "main mission" of Little Master Lingzi to annihilate the people behind the scenes, they unintentionally took on a new side mission: to find the liar who had been claiming to be the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother and pretending to be his identity.

This matter is related to Mother Wang's reputation. And judging from the behavior of this impostor so far, the other party seems to have a certain understanding of Mother Wang.

If the other party decides to retire in the end and transfer all the "sins" to Mother Wang, Mother Wang will definitely be in trouble for death if she is in the body-refining stage without the power to restrain the chicken.

So to sum up, Er Ha feels that Jiang Yingyue cannot die...at least until the person pretending to be Mother Wang is found. Jiang Yingyue's knowledge of the impostor is probably the best clue at his fingertips!

"Your eyes seem to want to fight back? But you have no chance." Jiang Yingyue stared at Er Ha. Her shadow bomb has entered the final countdown stage.

It will explode as soon as the last 10 seconds pass.

Use the low-level assassination spell of Wind and Thunder Nine Kills to confuse your vision. In fact, you use this short-term lightning to quickly adjust the position and layout of the shadow, and then install the bomb.

This kind of attack that combines reality and reality is one of the highest realms of combat. Such combat strategies are often not performed on the spot. Instead, they are a level that can only be reached after a long period of experience.

However, at this time, Er Ha let out a cold laugh: "Your combat level is indeed very high. Without the accumulation of hundreds of thousands of combat experiences, it is indeed difficult to reach this point. But I want to say that the battle strategy is of course Important. Being able to predict the enemy's next move is even more important."

"You have 3 seconds left..." Jiang Yingyue sighed inwardly. She didn't expect that the green-haired dog in front of her was still in the mood to explain at this time.

Is this to fulfill the law of immortality in combat?

She was counting down in her mind. It was as if she could already see the green-haired dog being blown to pieces by the bomb. The shadow bomb only blew up the shadow. It would not cause any damage to the surrounding environment. However, once the shadow shattered. The body will immediately fall apart.

This is the terrifying thing about her shadow bomb.

A person's life can be taken away silently!

three...two...one...

The countdown ended. Jiang Yingyue turned his back. A real master will never face an explosion head-on.

However, she took a few steps and realized that something was wrong... the familiar sound of explosions did not come. The green-haired dog that turned into a human and his companions were also alive and well. They were not blown up as imagined. The pile of torn pieces of meat.

"Impossible!" Jiang Yingyue turned around. Only then did she realize that she had fallen into a trap!

Er Ha, who was originally in human form, suddenly transformed into a dog form at some point. Like a green lightning bolt, it quickly aimed at her behind and attacked.

Jiang Yingyue still didn't know what happened. She only saw a huge demon king appearing behind Er Ha. Then she immediately felt that her eyes went dark! Suddenly she couldn't see anything!

This is the Tuntian Ha tribe's ancestral {Inhalation Technique}. It can swallow everything into the space in the mouth! Shadow bombs are suddenly scary. Bombs can be placed in the shadow. But if it is in an absolutely dark and sealed space, there will be no shadow. When it appears, the ability of the shadow bomb is almost like a decoration.

Jiang Yingyue was swallowed into the space. She struggled in the darkness. The space was bigger than she imagined. When she shouted, there was no echo.

"Useless junior...entered my space. Do you still want to escape?" Er Ha sneered. Its dog-form swallowing technique has long been re-strengthened and learned by Little Master Ling. Now this swallowing technique space is extremely It is wide and surrounded by impregnable water. Once a realm like Jiang Yingyue is imprisoned in it, there is absolutely no way to break it.

The only thing that needs to be paid attention to is that Er Ha must ensure that no light can penetrate into the internal space, giving Jiang Yingyue a chance to use any shadow bomb.

It has long been known that with a conceited personality like Jiang Yingyue, he would never stare at the bomb explosion when it explodes... Many masters have the habit of looking back without looking at the explosion.

So, this allowed Er Ha to seize the opportunity in an instant. He directly found the opportunity and pounced on Jiang Yingyue, turning the situation around and turning it into a victory.

"You are not a simple dog..." Jiang Yingyue was trapped in the space. After struggling and finding that she could not escape, she gave up the resistance. Instead, she planned to save her strength and look for opportunities again.

"After all, this king is also transformed into a demon king of the demon clan. Now he has done good deeds and received guidance. He is even stronger than before."

"Demon King..." Jiang Yingyue was shocked. To be honest, the aura on Er Ha's body was so clean! She didn't feel the demon king's demonic aura on Er Ha at all.

At this moment, she felt as if she had been swallowed into an artificial black hole. It was so dark that there was no light at all. The light effect caused by the spell would be completely absorbed by this space immediately. The error during the period was no more than a few seconds. Microseconds...such a time. Jiang Yingyue would not be able to arrange a bomb to blow up this space no matter what.

"I have another question." Although the temporary failure was declared, Jiang Yingyue was still unconvinced: "How...how did you avoid my shadow bomb?"

"Junior, you suddenly have a good idea. But you don't seem to have discovered the fatal flaw of the shadow bomb." Er Ha replied patiently.

"Fatal flaw?"

"You can turn the shadow you touch into a bomb. However, such a bomb has limitations... If the shadow changes during the period, your bomb will be ineffective." Er Ha said: "What you touched is My human-shaped shadow. And after I turned into a dog, my shadow immediately became different. Your shadow bomb also became ineffective. That's why it didn't cause any harm to me. There was no imaginary explosion."

"Reset..." Jiang Yingyue didn't expect such a thing to happen.

"That's right! You... were fooled!"

"But how did you know about this?" Jiang Yingyue felt incredible.

"Sometimes fighting strategy is important. However, any strategy is ineffective against gamblers... I bet that your bomb will be ineffective against me after I change my shadow! Therefore, this battle is my victory. !" Er Ha smiled confidently.





Chapter 1186 Demonic Shadows


Jiang Yingyue didn't expect that she would be defeated in this way by an enemy she didn't want to lose the most. In a completely claustrophobic space, no light could penetrate. The slippery and sticky space spirit fluid under her feet was even more intense. A thick layer of haze enveloped Jiang Yingyue's psychology.

"I will take you down. You seem unwilling?" After swallowing Jiang Yingyue, Er Ha was also paying attention to Jiang Yingyue's reaction. He had no doubt that the other party was planning a plan to escape from the space.

What needs to be done now is to be more vigilant. Don't let Jiang Yingyue find any opportunities.

"How many masters are there in this stalactite cave?" Er Ha transformed himself into a human form again and asked Jiang Liuying about the situation.

His special space was personally arranged by Wang Ling. It is isolated from all external information factors. It is no different from a small black hole. Jiang Yingyue is imprisoned in his heart and is completely isolated from the outside world. He has entered another dimension. Medium. Only Er Ha's voice can be heard.

"Do you think I'm someone who would betray others?"

"You don't need to tell me the information about the people behind the scenes. You only need other people's information. I need to know their abilities and methods of defeating the enemy. We can study it ourselves." Er Ha said.

"So. What's the difference between this and collaboration with the enemy?" Jiang Yingyue sneered.

"Do you really want to rely on the person who helped you resurrect? He is a traitor who disobeys Heavenly Dao. He acts against heaven and will suffer divine punishment sooner or later." Er Ha calmly analyzed Jiang Yingyue, "You stay here. It is absolutely safe." Even if the person behind the scenes is punished by Heavenly Dao... all the resurrected people will disappear. As long as you stay here, you can save your life. And I promise you another condition."

It is said that if you know yourself and your enemy, you will never be defeated in a hundred battles. We still don't know how many enemies there are in the other side's camp. Er Ha feels that choosing this time to win over Jiang Yingyue is an excellent opportunity. And he has a trump card in his hand that Jiang Yingyue cannot refuse.

"I am also a person who has seen the world. Ordinary conditions are not effective for me." In the space, Jiang Yingyue gently rotated the umbrella handle and opened the umbrella. She crossed her legs and gently raised her buttocks to sit on the umbrella. The whole person levitated. Leaving the ground.

"If I say that the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother you saw is fake, can you believe it?" At this time, Er Ha continued to speak.

"False? This is impossible! She is so strong! And so intellectual and elegant..."

"As you said. She is an intellectual and elegant woman. Do you think such a person will be addicted to material things? Will she be obsessed with money?"

These words made Jiang Yingyue fall into deep thought. In fact...this matter is indeed a bit strange. Such behavior as charging tuition is not in line with the character of Ghost Ax Spirit Mother.

This is the person she admires most in her life. If the enemy she has paid so much for tuition is still a fake, it will be a lifelong regret for her.

"What kind of person is the real Ghost Ax Spirit Mother?"

"A more powerful being than the fake you see. She is a person with a strong heart." Er Ha said.

Over there. Jiang Yingyue thought hard for a moment, "Do you dare to swear on everything you said?"

"The inner demon's oath is not reliable. If you feel that I lied to you, I can swear it."

"That's all. There's no need to go to such trouble. I can trust you once. But I'm only responsible for the capability information I know." Jiang Yingyue took a deep breath and gave her final answer.

She didn't care at all what the person behind her resurrection had planned.

But meeting the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother is indeed what Jiang Yingyue wants to do most at the moment.

She told herself in her heart that if she couldn't see the idol of her dreams, even if she was given a chance to live again, it would only be a regret after all.

We successfully entered the second area of the stalactite cave. The humidity in the cave is heavier. The walls are covered with mushrooms of various colors. These mushrooms are colorful and emit weak fluorescence. At first glance, they are highly poisonous and cannot be eaten.

Wang Zhen discovered an old four-legged furnace tripod. The surface of the furnace tripod had been affected by the moisture in the stalactite cave and had become rusty.

Opening the stove, Wang Zhen reached out and touched the embers in the stove. He put two fingers together in front of the tip of his nose and sniffed, "This stove was last used a month ago."

"Can you smell this?" In the chat channel, Xiao Yin was surprised by Wang Zhen's sense of smell. Logically speaking, this should be Er Ha's job.

"Wang Zhen is absolutely right." Er Ha also took a whiff and said, "The elixir is made from nearby fluorescent mushrooms. It can be used to relieve moisture in the body."

Judging from the clues collected so far, Huang Lao is actually a very particular person. Cultivators...especially elderly cultivators are still very afraid of moisture entering the body. The moisture in the cultivation world is unusual. Once the body is wet Excessive Qi will cause the meridians to be frozen, affecting the output of spiritual energy.

Mr. Huang has been stationed in the stalactite cave in Jiulong Mountain all year round. Naturally, he also knows how to use the natural resources here to eliminate dampness. He is a very particular old man.

"Living here for a long time. This level of dampness and poison must be discharged at least once a week..." Wang Zhen frowned. The last time this alchemy furnace was used was a month ago. In other words, it is possible that the real Huang Laozao I was transferred a month ago.

After thinking about this matter carefully, Wang Zhen suddenly felt a sense of fear. If Mr. Huang had been transferred as early as a month ago, then the enemy would most likely adopt a coordinated action method... In other words. It is very likely that all their current actions are within the control of the other party!

Because of his combat experience in the divine realm, Wang Zhen suddenly had a bad premonition in his heart.

"Do you feel it?" Jiang Yingyue sighed softly in the space, "I think the three of you might not even be able to get through the second area."

These "resurrectors" arranged in the stalactite cave are ranked according to their comprehensive combat power. The later the resurrectors are, the stronger they are. Solving the problem alone does not explain the problem.

In fact, if we look at realm strength alone, Jiang Yingyue's ranking can be ranked in the top three of the resurrected. But if the power of "Shadow" is added, this ranking will have to be reset.

Some of the shadow abilities are so disgusting that even Jiang Yingyue herself can't stand it. Her shadow bomb seems to be very perverted. However, it has the fatal weakness of being easy to reset and having a short range. Once seen through, it will be the opposite. It will become easier to deal with.

"Here we come." At this time, in the claustrophobic space, Jiang Yingyue opened her slender eyes. She felt a familiar breath.

"Who is it?"

"The seventh person among the resurrected is Li Huanran. His image is called Demonic Shadow."

"There are many shadows?"

"It's dangerous. Be careful."





Chapter 1187 Li Huanran


"Is the demon shadow heavy..."

"An ability that can implant a shadow into the mind and turn it into a psychological shadow area." Jiang Yingyue replied.

She has fought against Li Huanran, so she clearly understands the tricky nature of this ability.

The numerous shadows can implant all the shadows within sight into a person's heart, thus forming a fear of the surrounding environment. It is a powerful mental interference type of shadow.

Such fear goes deep into the heart and bone marrow. People who are mentally frightened cannot escape in a short period of time... Even the use of any Heavenly Dao spell to calm the mind has no effect.

Is it a mind control image? It sounds really powerful.

Hearing Jiang Yingyue's description, Er Ha raised his eyebrows slightly. This was the first time he saw this type of photography. The investigation of photography is of great value. This time the three of them were affected by Wang Ling was assigned to deal with the mastermind behind the scenes. But in the process, it is also easy to collect more intelligence information about Shadow.

At this time, there was a sound of footsteps in the dim stalactite cave. A young man with long black hair slowly walked out of the cave. He was wearing a black slim-fitting suit. A dark red girdle highlighted the young man's slender figure. figure.

Li Huanran. This name made Er Ha feel familiar, as if he had heard it somewhere.

"He is the son of the immortal boxing master Li Xiaokai." Xiao Yin said. In addition to the vicious criminals on the dark web who may be resurrected, the list he obtained actually also has a list of decent people. These were all in the past. A powerful and righteous person in the world of cultivation who passed away due to various unexpected reasons over the years.

As the son of Master Li Xiaokai, Li Huanran is also on this list.

Ever since the famous martial arts master Mr. Li Xiaokai died after punching through the "Gate of the Void" at his birthday party, his son Li Huanran has also been looking for a way to retrieve Master Li Xiaokai, and eventually took his own life.

"Li Huanran always believed that his father was not dead. Instead, he was trapped in the world of the Void Gate and could not come back. So he tried his best to reopen the Void Gate and rescue Master Li." Xiao Yin also did a lot of homework during that period of history. Because he was learning to write novels with Father Wang. He needed to collect various character materials, so he almost never forgot the information he had read.

These materials are all ready-made. It is better than some unprofessional authors who keep writing novels under the pretext of taking materials from outside.

"Then it seems that Li Huanran failed."

"Indeed. It is said that Li Huanran failed to forcefully break through the Void Gate. His body was corroded by the spiritual energy of the Void. When he found it, only half of his palm was left."

At this point, there was a silence in the audience. Wang Zhen felt that he had underestimated the scheming of the people behind the scenes. The other party not only resurrected the villains, but also resurrected some decent masters and used them.

"Li Huanran is the son of Master Li Xiaokai. He has portrayed justice in his life. But have you seen the look in his eyes? Now he is in a state of losing control." Xiao Yin looked at Li Huanran who was walking slowly from a distance. Only Li Huanran was seen. Ran's eyes were blank. He was in a deeply controlled state. There was no luster in his pupils.

The son of the famous martial arts master Li Xiaokai. Now after his resurrection, he has become the possessor of powerful Shadow ability. The degree of difficulty is self-evident. The critical moment. Although Li Huanran was once a positive figure, but if he has become an enemy... then The task before Wang Zhen now. There is still only one battle!

Li Huanran said nothing. He had chosen the target based on his own judgment, and finally focused his eyes on Wang Zhen.

"Choose me to be your opponent." Wang Zhen took the initiative and took a step forward. He could already feel the hostility and murderous intent in Li Huanran's eyes.

Wang Zhen put up his posture and breathed like a blue. If it was a physical skill competition, he felt that he might not be Li Huanran's opponent. In fact, he often fought with Gu Shunzhi when he was in the God's Domain. Although he lost every time, he also concluded. Gained a lot of experience.

Although Li Huanran is under control.

However, the professional habits accumulated over the years made Li Huanran almost form a professional habit the moment he saw Wang Zhen showing his boxing stance. His feet trembled, and he took a step back with a heavy weight. His body was as light and soft as if there were no bones. Then he The five fingers of his hands were spread wide. The energy lingering on his fingertips actually made the sound of a dragon roaring.

"This is the dragon fist that Master Li Xiaokai became famous for back then." Xiao Yin explained at the side.

"Dragon Fist?" Wang Zhen looked extremely serious.

Comparing boxing skills with Li Huanran. Wang Zhen didn't know how much advantage he could take. But judging from his photography ability, it seemed that it would be better to use boxing skills to decide the outcome rather than competing with Li Huanran's Shadow ability.

This is Wang Zhen's fighting strategy. He hopes to find Li Huanran's flaws during the boxing competition.

The next moment, Li Huanran flashed to the ground and disappeared instantly in front of Wang Zhen.

"So fast!" Wang Zhen held his muscles and tried to use his physical strength to resist. However, Li Huanran moved very fast. His hand transformed into a dragon shape and grabbed Wang Zhen's back. He directly pulled off a layer of leather straps on Wang Zhen's back. He tore off the uniform of Number 60 High School! This is the "claw" skill of Dragon Fist. The power of this claw is shocking.

Wang Zhen had been beaten all kinds of times since he was a child. The injury caused by this claw did not cause him much pain.

He used his physical strength to resist Li Huanran's blow. He just wanted to test how powerful Li Huanran was. The results proved that Li Huanran did live up to the name of Master Li Xiaokai's son. His attack was not only extremely fast but also very violent. !

Of course, the most critical point is that Wang Zhen discovered that Li Huanran has extremely strong insight!

The moment he struck, he noticed his intention to resist the Dragon Fist with his physical strength. So he switched to the "claw" skill of the Dragon Fist in the middle of the punch. By changing the pressure of the contact, the damage was increased!

"As expected of a martial artist's son." Wang Zhen wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth. The claw strike of Dragon Fist not only tore off a piece of his skin, but also injected energy into his body. It shocked Wang Zhen's internal organs. However, this level of internal injury is not a big deal to Wang Zhen. Because of his physical condition, Wang Zhen will vomit as much blood as he suffers internal injuries. And after vomiting blood, Wang Zhen's body can survive extremely Recovers on its own within a short period of time.

This recovery mechanism includes creating new blood, repairing internal and external injuries, remodeling cells, repairing internal organs and various bone fractures...

In other words, internal injuries are nothing to Wang Zhen. As long as he can vomit blood, internal injuries will be no problem.

You know. Gu Shunzhi once punched him... He vomited three liters of blood on the spot...

In comparison, Li Huanran's attack was very strong in Wang Zhen's opinion, but it was still far from enough.

...

PS: A review of Master Li Xiaokai's past can be found in Chapter 1070 of the novel.





Chapter 1188 That slap


The power of {blood coagulation recovery skill} is self-evident. This is Wang Zhen's great capital in the world. It is also a key skill used to measure the strength of the enemy - because he can judge the strength of the opponent based on the amount of blood he vomits. Strong.

That blow just now. Even if Li Huanran only used less than 20% of his power. Calculating the strength of 10 success power in proportion, it would be much lighter than when Gu Shunzhi hit him. Wang Zhen even thought that maybe his parents Any slap you give yourself will be harder than Li Huanran's.

However, having said that, Li Huanran, as the son of the famous martial artist Li Xiaokai, although lacking in strength, still has merit in terms of technique.

But even so, the expression on Wang Zhen's face did not relax at all when facing Li Huanran. He was testing Li Huanran. Li Huanran informed me that he was also testing himself. In a game, the first wave is often the first wave. You can see the difference between them by playing against each other.

Even though he knew there was a gap between him and himself, Li Huanran's face still showed no signs of fluctuation. This was the most frightening thing.

Do you still have any hidden skills...

Wang Zhen narrowed his eyes slightly. He saw that the qi on Li Huanran's body was condensing. As an excellent martial artist, he could mix the qi, blood and spiritual energy in the body to stimulate blood circulation and hit the acupoints to achieve a breakthrough.

Is it similar to the Tiangang martial arts? Wang Zhen thought of a move used by the God of War in God's Domain. It is also a spell that intensifies and enhances one's strength by stimulating acupuncture points.

However, this method of increasing one's combat power by stimulating acupuncture points usually causes great damage to the body...

"This is {Ji Quan Dao}!" Xiao Yin said at this time. According to the information obtained, Li Huanran used this move to improve himself in order to open the door to the void and find his father. In order to ensure sufficient power, own fighting power.

"In order to open the Gate of the Void, Li Huanran started the 12th level of Jiquan Doo, which is the highest level. This is why Li Huanran could not be saved even if he successfully opened the Gate of the Void..." Xiao Yin said. The 12th level is the highest level. A level of Jiquan Doo. It impacts the acupoints and meridians all over the body. It brings the energy of huge combat power to the body in a short period of time. It is tantamount to igniting one's own body.

Every minute and every second will bring huge pain like burning.

At this time, Li Huanran had completed gathering Qi. This process seemed to take a long time but in fact it only took a blink of an eye. Wang Zhen could clearly feel that Li Huanran's Qi had become stronger.

Three spiritual patterns appeared on his face. This is a sign that {Ji Quan Dao} has been turned on. The spiritual patterns will be displayed directly on his face in this form.

The three spiritual patterns are the third level of Jiquan Doo... This is not all of Li Huanran's skills, so it is far from life-threatening at present.

The body will not feel pain until it is at least 10 weights.

Level 11. The burning sensation will intensify, but it is not the end of the road. But if it lasts for too long, you will die.

Level 12. This is a situation of full combat power. It cannot be taken back. It can only last for a maximum of 5 minutes. Death is inevitable.

Did you only open the triple layer...

Wang Zhen felt that he was still looked down upon. Li Huanran didn't seem to take him completely seriously.

"Because I still have the power of Shadow, so I can definitely be more confident than me." Wang Zhen laughed at himself. He saw the conceited look in Li Huanran's eyes. It was like the first time he met Wang LingThe look in his eyes when they were fighting was full of confidence and even arrogance. However, the biggest reason why cultivation has become the goal pursued by so many people is: unknown.

The road of cultivation is full of unknowns. This is the important core that makes so many cultivators tirelessly pursue Heavenly Dao...

"If you look down on me, something big will happen." Wang Zhen warned Li Huanran. But unfortunately, Li Huanran did not listen to Wang Zhen's words.

He opened and closed his fists in a fighting posture. Wang Zhen saw countless black shadows pouring in nearby, above Li Huanran's fists.

"Have you finally used your shadow power?

"Er Ha saw a huge demonic shadow appearing behind Li Huanran. It looked like a Western demon. It had long pointed palms. This scene made Jiang Yingyue sigh slightly. She had seen the capabilities of the demonic shadow herself. Every subsequent punch that Li Huanran punches will inject the power of the two shadows into the person's heart like a syringe, causing a person's heart to completely lose control.

If you continue to use melee attacks at this time, you will be completely in Li Huanran's way. However, what is unexpected to Jiang Yingyue is that Wang Zhen's choice is to bite the bullet and fight Li Huanran head-on. !

"Is he crazy?"

In Er Ha's internal space, Jiang Yingyue saw what was happening outside through Er Ha's spirit sharing technique.

Instead of choosing to evade, Wang Zhen bravely charged forward... In Jiang Yingyue's opinion, this was an act of seeking death.

"The heavy mental suppression of the demonic shadow is no joke!" Jiang Yingyue still felt incredible about Wang Zhen's choice.

...

A few seconds later, the fists of Li Huanran and Wang Zhen collided. The speed of the two was equally fast. It was so fast that it was dizzying. The flying fist shadows turned into countless big snakes and collided together in an instant.

The violent collision caused the entire stalactite cave to shake. Countless broken rocks fell from the top of the cave. Each pyramid-shaped stalactite was shattered by the energy generated by the friction between the two as they approached the battle zone. !

"Already lost..." Jiang Yingyue shook her head repeatedly. With such a frequency of fighting, the two of them exchanged hundreds of punches in one second. And Wang Zhen was also equivalent to having withstood the demon shadow hundreds of times. Shadow injection... This has reached the limit of a normal person. No matter how big a normal person's heart is, it is impossible for him to withstand such huge mental pressure.

However, a scene that was beyond Jiang Yingyue's expectation finally happened...

Under Li Huanran's heavy offensive, there was no trace of fear on Wang Zhen's face. He faced Li Huanran's fists one after another. The rhythm was appropriate and his breath was steady. There was no sign of fear.

"Impossible! No one can maintain such a mentality under the weight of the demonic shadow..." Jiang Yingyue remembered that when she had fought with Li Huanran before, it was only a few dozen punches. There was already in her body I felt a deep sense of guilt and had an urge to die!

"In fact, it doesn't matter who makes the move. Whether it's Wang Zhen, me or Yin Zhenren next to me, none of the three of us will feel scared." Er Ha said.

"Why?" Jiang Yingyue was puzzled.

"Secret." Er Ha let it slip.

The three of them. Behind them is Wang Ling...

On power. Who else in this universe is stronger than Wang Ling?

Only those who have fought against Wang Ling know.

That slap from Ling Zhenren was the biggest psychological shadow.

In comparison, there are many demons. It's still nothing...





Chapter 1189 Hexagonal Warrior


As an excellent human shield warrior, Wang Zhen's talent in martial arts is self-evident. Although his ability is not as good as Gu Shunzhi's, he has fought against Gu Shunzhi so many times in the divine domain. He can also learn a few tricks. In addition to the fact that he has been beaten since childhood. In fact, even if he had not encountered Wang Ling. Wang Zhen would not be afraid of the mental control of this "dark shadow"...

His ultimate ability to bear the psychological shadow area is far beyond comparison with other people. This is basically what his real father and real mother taught Wang Zhen in the process of "husband and wife mixed doubles" since he was a child. Normal people cannot imitate it. Also It is not recommended that parents use this "domestic violence" method to train their children in order to strengthen their children's psychological endurance...

Wang Zhen is feasible. On the one hand, it is because of the physical constitution. On the other hand, the brain circuit of the real father and mother is different from ordinary people. If this matter were placed on the earth, it would be sentenced according to the "Domestic Violence Law!"

"It's actually stronger than I thought." Jiang Yingyue felt that she was a little fooled. Wang Zhen's strength was beyond his imagination. Such mental endurance is really rare. If there was an attribute panel, At least it is a 3a panel with strength, speed, and mental strength.

"I didn't expect that not long after I died, such a famous person would appear on the earth..." Jiang Yingyue sighed in Er Ha's independent space.

Er Ha smiled inwardly after hearing this.

Wang Zhen's strength is indeed very strong. But after all, Wang Zhen comes from the God's Domain. The combat power level of the people in the God's Domain is originally incomparable with that on Earth. If it weren't for the fact that most of the strength was blocked by Heavenly Dao, Li Huanran even punched Wang Zhen. They can't bear it. Although Wang Zhen is now blessed with the power of Shadow, his overall combat strength is still worse than in his heyday.

Therefore, it is really not surprising that Wang Zhen is strong.

Er Ha feels that Jiang Yingyue is so surprised. I'm afraid the main reason is that he has never seen a real hexagonal warrior...

Of course. The so-called hexagon is just a metaphor.

Wang Ling is powerful enough to support any shape.

Even if it is a forty-eight-sided shape, it can be held up perfectly...

At this time, the battle is still going on.

Li Huanran saw that his "demon shadows" had no effect on Wang Zhen. There was a puzzled expression on his face.

It should be noted that the mental suppression effect of his Shadow power has never failed like this before.

Li Huanran thought it was because his attack was not strong enough. So he expanded the power of his {Ji Quan Dao} to the sixth level! His power became greater than before. He punched to the flesh. Every time Wang Zhen, who was capable of punching, spit out a large mouthful of blood.

However, as a human shield warrior, Wang Zhen's ability to withstand pressure is really amazing.

{Blood Coagulation Restoration Skill}. Helped him to repair his injuries immediately during the beating. The sixth level of Jiquan Doo was still far away from the goal of "vomiting three liters of blood." It did not reach Wang Zhen's bottom line at all.

But at the same time, Wang Zhen was also thinking of a way. He didn't want Li Huanran to continue to superimpose the power of {Ji Quan Dao}, because the result of this was obvious. Li Huanran would only die.

In Wang Zhen's view, Li Huanran is the same as Jiang Yingyue, whom Er Ha previously captured. Perhaps he is a friend who can be pulled into his camp.

The way to end this battle now is also very simple. You just need to help Li Huanran get rid of the shackles of mental control. As long as Li Huanran is not controlled, as the son of Master Li Xiaokai, he has an absolutely positive image in the world of cultivation. He will never help the people behind the scenes continue to do evil.

But how to get Li Huanran back on his feet? This is a big problem.

"On the surface, what Li Huanran was hit was a very strong mind control spell. And it was most likely that he was hit along with the resurrection spell. Therefore, Li Huanran was already under control the moment he was resurrected. " Er Ha stared at the battle situation in front of him and analyzed it in his mental space.

"Is there any way to crack it?" Xiao Yin asked.

"Generally, there are three ways to break this powerful mind control spell."

"First, through physical strikes, force the opponent out of the state of mental control. However, this method does not seem to be feasible at present. Wang Zhen and Li Huanran have been fighting for so long. Li Huanran is unmoved. This kind of Methods without physical means are ineffective. Stronger methods must be used."

"The second one is to directly find the person who used the mind control technique on him and defeat him. Then the control technique can be contacted." Er Ha knew. There is no difference between saying this and not saying it. The purpose of their coming to this stalactite cave This was originally to track down the identity of the person behind the scenes and collect more evidence about "Huang Lao being transferred to a subcontractor."

Therefore, after eliminating the above two options, there is only the third method of intervention that relies on magic.

But the problem is. The three of them here seem to be in close combat. Er Ha himself is barely half a fatan. It is not easy to remove such a level of mind control spell. A more powerful mind control spell is needed to control Li Huanran. It can only be covered by magic!

But who among them knows mind control spells?

Isn't this ua... you can control it just by saying control...

"As long as the coverage is completed, that's it?" At this time, Wang Zhen asked.

"Theoretically it is indeed possible." Er Ha nodded: "As long as the mental control spell you cast is at an absolute advantage... and ensures that the intensity is higher than the mental spell that controls Li Huanran, coverage can be achieved."

"Then I can try." At this time, Wang Zhen's expression became serious again.

"You actually know how to control mind? Aren't you a human shield warrior?" Er Ha and Xiao Yin were both surprised.

"It's not me...but my image. It has this ability."

"So it turns out that the tied man can not only control the body?"

"As long as I want to, mind control is also possible..." Wang Zhen's current idea is actually very simple. That is to use the shadow effect of the man he tied up to cover the mind control technique on Li Huanran. Then Then cancel his own photo effect. Then Li Huanran will become a normal person again.

This idea was immediately approved by Er Ha and Xiao Yin.

If they can pull all these "resurrectionists" into their team, they will be much more confident about finding the person behind the scenes... Even if Jiang Yingyue refuses to tell, Li Huanran, as a decent person, once When your mind returns to normal, you will never hide any information.

Thinking of this, Wang Zhen felt that it was no longer necessary to delay.

He controlled his "tied man" and rushed towards Li Huanran!

As Wang Zhen said, in addition to the effect of physical imprisonment, the bound man actually also has the power of mental control...

Once the tied man is tied up, the tied person will immediately transform into a "masochist" mentally...





Chapter 1190 Dad hits me again


After understanding Shadow, everyone has different abilities in photography. But Wang Zhen's Shadow was taught and taught by Wang Ling personally. There is no doubt about the power of the ability. When Li Huanran's "Dark Shadows" Wang Zhen could clearly feel the changes in Li Huanran's mental state when he was subjected to the strong male locks of the "tied man."

His mind control effects were successfully overridden!

The originally absent and dull pupils gradually began to focus and turned into normal eyes. Seeing this scene, Wang Zhen felt relieved and released the restraints of the tied man.

Facts proved that Er Ha's inference was completely correct. Li Huanran regained consciousness. And all the actions that had occurred due to being out of control were clearly remembered by Li Huanran after he regained consciousness.

His face was filled with shame: "I'm sorry..."

"It's not your fault. You were mind-controlled by criminals."

Wang Zhen stepped forward to comfort him. However, the expression on Li Huanran's face did not improve. He just kept apologizing: "I'm really sorry..."

In fact, Er Ha can understand this feeling very well.

After all, Li Huanran is the queen of a famous family. This is the biological son of Li Xiaokai, the most famous martial artist on the earth at that time! He has been working hard to chase and surpass his father all his life! But now he is practicing hard to better safeguard justice. The power he came from was actually used by illegal forces at such a critical moment. This is absolutely a shame for Li Huanran.

"Join us. Let's avenge our shame." At this time, Xiao Yin was also cheering for Li Huanran.

Although Li Huanran's demonic shadow has no effect on them, it is obvious that the strength of this shadow is still very strong. If Li Huanran can join, their combat power will be even greater.

"Sorry...Actually, I have a grudge." After a moment, Li Huanran spoke.

"You said."

"Can you use the transformation technique to look like my father and hit me..." Li Huanran's face showed a look of anticipation.

Er Ha and Xiao Yin were both shocked when they saw this scene.

Hasn't the effect of the bound man been lifted?!

The two looked at Wang Zhen. Wang Zhen's expression was also extremely horrifying.

He swears!

The power of the shadow has indeed been released! Logically speaking, Li Huanran no longer has the attribute of "masochism"...

Of course. This is absolutely impossible to be the sequelae left by the "tied man."

So the only reasonable explanation is that Li Huanran himself is...

"Brother Li...do you usually..." Er Ha stared at Li Huanran and asked cautiously.

Li Huanran's face was a little red. In fact, he was a little embarrassed about this matter. He had never mentioned it to outsiders. But now, for the sake of the overall situation, Li Huanran decided to speak out bravely: "In the past, when I was depressed, I I would ask my father to give me a slap in the face."

Everyone took a breath of air.

hiss!--

Is this still possible?

Could this be the legendary...Dad hit me again?

Wang Zhen patted Li Huanran on the shoulder. He still felt a little emotional in his heart: "Don't worry, brother Li. Leave this matter to me. I'm a few years older than you. I actually understand this feeling very well..."

"You also asked your father to slap you in order to get back on your feet?"

"No. It's not just my father who beats me. Sometimes my mother also..." Wang Zhen was speechless. But they had no time to continue discussing.

He quickly transformed into the appearance of Master Li Xiaokai. Wang Zhen slapped Li Huanran unceremoniously on the face. Li Huanran's whole body was blown away. He was deeply embedded in the stone wall on the side and carved a humanoid figure. outline.

A few seconds later, Li Huanran slowly walked out, covering his red and swollen face with five fingerprints on the right side. After being slapped by Wang Zhen, his spirit was indeed lifted a lot.

The slap looked very heavy, but Wang Zhen spared his hand. Li Huanran only suffered superficial injuries.

"Thank you very much. Brother Wang Zhen." After the slap, Li Huanran became familiar with Wang Zhen.

This feeling of heroes cherishing heroes. Er Ha feels that only Wang Zhen and Li Huanran can have this kind of synchronized feeling in the world...

When a masochist meets another masochist, it is truly speechless.

After pulling Li Huanran into the chat room in the mental space, Wang Zhen used the ability of mental transmission to briefly explain some of the current situations and his own simple guesses.

While everyone went deep into the third area, they fully exchanged opinions on the current issues.

"I didn't expect such a big thing to happen..." Even Li Huanran himself would not have thought that during the period of his death, someone would plan such a large-scale illegal and criminal activity.

The universe is made into an array. Use all the planets in the solar system to construct an array...

If the person behind the resurrection really came for this purpose, the opponent's strength is 100% higher than True Immortal!

In the vacuum environment of the universe! Even the True Immortal level can only stay for a maximum of 5 minutes! If it exceeds 5 minutes, the blood all over the body will gradually freeze, and eventually turn into a huge piece of human ice, drifting in the universe forever.

"How much memory do you have left?" Wang Zhen asked in the mental space at this time.

Li Huanran joined their team. This not only brought them new combat power, but also brought new clues! As a resurrector, Wang Zhen earnestly hoped to learn relevant information from Li Huanran. intelligence.

"I seemed to have been dreaming for a long time. I dreamed that I was born from a flower. It grew rapidly from the embryo... When I landed, I saw a boy with white hair whose appearance was unclear."

"Did he say anything to you?" Xiao Yin asked.

"I didn't say anything. I just snapped my fingers and I lost consciousness." Li Huanran knew that from the moment the boy snapped his fingers, he had been controlled by powerful mind control techniques.

Xiao Yin: "So. You have had face-to-face contact with the mastermind behind everything."

Wang Zhen shook his head: "No. It's not just Brother Li. I'm afraid all the resurrected people have had direct contact with this man behind the scenes."

"I'm afraid so." Li Huanran nodded: "I remember it was an abandoned factory. There were many snow-white flowers planted on the ground."

"Can you describe in detail what the flower looks like?"

"The rhizome of the flower is thick and long. The small stamens are as big as mochi and the big ones are like basketballs. There is a human-like embryo in the center of the stamen. It is surrounded by white petals. Just inject spiritual energy to quickly ripen the flower. Together with the embryo inside, it can grow rapidly."

Resurrection of life through spiritual grafting?

Wang Zhen was stunned.

He had never heard of such a method of resurrection...





Chapter 1191 The King of Wild Poison


All kinds of unheard of magical moves. This is what makes Wang Zhen feel the weirdest thing about the people behind the scenes. The spells on the opposite side are a bit off-beat. They don't look like Heavenly Dao spells, let alone spells in the divine realm... Could it be that they come from Fate and Fate? Heavenly Dao? Contrast. Wang Zhen was puzzled.

Instead, it was the ancient and evil forbidden art of the Universe Formation Array. Wang Zhen had seen it in the relevant classics in the God's Domain. However, the books he had seen were all theoretical research on this forbidden art. From then on, No one has actually operated and implemented it.

"Such an evil magic circle, most likely there are sacrifices..." At this time, Wang Zhen connected the sacrifices with Mr. Huang's transfer. Suddenly, another bold idea came to his mind.

The other party kidnapped Mr. Huang. The reason may not only be to transfer Mr. Huang to better invade the Huaxiu Alliance's command system.

Wang Zhen feels that a large part of the reason may be related to the consideration of sacrifices.

A powerful person like Huang Lao is the first choice to serve as a sacrifice. And obviously, the other party wants to arrange such an evil cosmic-level magic circle. I am afraid that Huang Lao is not the only sacrifice.

In this regard, Wang Zhen made a new deduction: "Those resurrected people, after awakening Shadow, the strong ones were pushed out as chess pieces to delay the time. The weak ones may be re-introduced as sacrifices."

"I think your inference is completely reasonable." Li Huanran also felt that Wang Zhen's answer was completely logical.

There is not much time left for them.

Once the refining array is started, the altar is the first place to suffer. And destroying the altar will also affect the operation speed of the refining array to a certain extent.

In other words, only by destroying the altar can they buy time to deal with the people behind the scenes!

"In the fifth area!" At this time, Li Huanran felt the memory fragments in his mind flashing again. He thought of some key information. He immediately shared it with Wang Zhen and others through the mental space: "This is the circle. The stalactite cave facing the wind. The main valve of Tianmai is located! The center of the fifth area is closest to the main valve. There is no place more suitable for setting up an altar than there! In my memory, many resurrected people seem to be there!"

"How many do you remember?"

"No less than a few hundred! But they are currently in a semi-finished state. They have not yet fully developed!" Li Huanran answered quickly. The snow-white flowers in the memory are deep in the fifth area. The white flowers all over the ground are here. In the dim stalactite cave, it actually seemed a bit dazzling.

The incident was more serious than Wang Zhen imagined.

Due to the extreme urgency, Wang Zhen judged that the mission plan for this time may have to be changed... At present, their first priority is to destroy the altar. Because the altar will greatly increase the opening speed of the formation formation, another team must be dispatched. Just send someone to deal with the people behind the scenes!

"Are we going to ask Little Master Lingzi for help after all?" It is not difficult to predict this result. It is because the cunning of the man behind the scenes has exceeded their imagination.

But the difficulties before them were far more than that. On their way to the altar, they had to encounter many "resurrectionists" who deliberately came out to obstruct them.

Li Huanran's level is only in the second district.

In the following areas, the people guarding the gates will be stronger.

And the facts prove that it is indeed the case.

The gatekeeper in the third area is a middle-aged man who looks like he is wearing a suit and leather tie. The man is a little fat. He wears a single-sided spectacles. His whole body exudes the aura of an aristocrat.

"I know him." Li Huanran immediately recognized the origin of this person.

"Who is this person?" Er Ha asked.

"Mr. Wu Xiaolang, who is known as the Demon Chef of the Wilderness." Li Huanran said.

"Wilderness Demon Chef?"

"He is a chef who specializes in cooking game. Back then, Wu Xiaolang made a mistake in making a bat sashimi dish. As a result, those who enjoyed the sashimi and Wu Xiaolang himself were infected by wild bat viruses. Moreover, what Wu Xiaolang cooked at that time was the giant bat king. His body contained hundreds of deadly viruses... These viruses continued to spread and cross-infection, almost causing a city to fall." Li Huanran talked about the past events of that year: "And Wu Xiaolang died at that time."

"If you don't eat good food, you have to eat game. It's really your own fault." Wang Zhen sighed. There are many spirit beasts in the world. Some spirit beasts are specially bred artificially for food. But some wild spirit beasts have It contains natural viruses. If you eat wild spiritual animals to satisfy your appetite, it is not worth pitying you if you contract the virus and die.

"Do you have his photographic information?" At this time, Er Ha asked.

"Yes." In the mental space, Jiang Yingyue quickly replied: "His shadow is called the King of Wild Poison. He can use his shadow to spread a powerful virus that makes people unable to breathe. The poisoned person will slowly feel weak and fearful. Cold, unable to control the output of spiritual power, and finally losing the ability to breathe little by little."

It's really tricky...

After hearing this, everyone began to look cautiously.

...

On the other side. Wang Ling received the news from Er Ha.

Wang Zhen, Er Ha, and Xiao Yin are just the vanguard spy troops sent by Wang Ling. Judging from the intelligence returned so far, the situation is far worse than Wang Ling thought.

Mr. Huang is suspected of being transferred and serving as a sacrifice.

A cosmic-level refinement formation...

These are important information currently investigated by Wang Zhen.

Although there are not many, all of them are valuable.

Because Wang Ling doesn't know what means the people behind the scenes used to prevent him from tracking the other party's clues. But now that he has this information and reverse tracking, Wang Ling feels that it may not be possible to complete this matter. It's too difficult.

Since the other party's purpose is to arrange a cosmic-level refinement circle, they will definitely send manpower to maintain the heavenly veins on other planets for the sake of the magic circle, so as to ensure that when the earth's heavenly veins main valve is opened, other planets will have the opportunity. We can all work together in an instant!

In other words, the opponent must be in the center of the formation, which is the eye of the formation, to supervise the work!

And the position of the array eye is probably right above the sun...

Wang Ling raised his head and stared at the sky with King's Eyes. Due to the climate problem these days, the Jiulong Mountain area has been covered in fog. Thick clouds and fog blocked the sun. Actually, Wang Ling has been ignoring it. Knowing the fact that the other party is hiding in the sun.

This is a cunning opponent right before your eyes...

More cunning than any of them before.

This matter cannot be delayed any longer.

Wang Ling is going to take a look at the sun. Get everything done as soon as possible.

"Classmate Wang Ling. You are staring at the sky. Do you want to bask in the sunshine?" At this time, Sun Rong beside him suddenly asked with concern.

She knew that it was difficult for the sun to show its face these days because of the climate.

But considering that Wang Ling is the "group favorite" after all.

In addition, it is due to my responsibility as the captain of Number 60 High School.

When a classmate wants to bask in the sun, the captain must of course be obligated to meet the needs of the team members.

At this time, Sun Rong directly took out a walkie-talkie and began to direct the security team of the Huaguo Shuilian Group in the Jiulong Mountain area: "The missile team of the Huaguo Shuilian Group listen to my order! Launch cloud-clearing missiles immediately! I want to see The sun today!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 1192 "Wang Ling" laughed?


Huaguo Shuilian Group has always been equipped with an excellent missile launch force. Since elixirs are refined, raw materials are needed. The unwritten rule in the elixir industry is that buying is worse than planting. And large enterprises have professional spiritual plants. Cultivation base. In this way, the cost of raw materials can be reduced to a minimum.

As for the meaning of the existence of the missile group, it exists to meet the growth needs of spiritual plants. Some spiritual plants like rainfall, some spiritual plants like sunshine, and some spiritual plants like heavy fog and even make a living by sucking 25 ...So under this premise, the missile team of the Huaguo Shuilian Group came in handy.

The cloud-clearing bomb is just one type of "climate bomb" in the missile team. As the name suggests, its main function is to cause the clouds to disperse and the sun to shine on the earth in rainy or foggy weather.

In addition, there are also "Blue Sea Tide Bombs" that can summon rainy days. "Mirror Flower Water Moon Bombs" for foggy days. "Wangwang Ice Crushing Bombs" for hail weather. Wait a minute!

"After all, it's the Huaguo Shuilian Group. It's really rich and powerful."

Chen Chao and Guo Hao couldn't help but marvel in the background. Although it was not the first time they saw Sun Rong's "fancy show off wealth" operation, they still felt very surprised... Such a climate Bullet. The cost of making one is not low.

But now, Number 60 High School's camp really needs a little sunshine. Because the air is too humid, the Talisman team has complained that the temporarily produced talisman paper is too humid. This will reduce the success rate of drawing Talisman. At the same time, Will affect the effect of Talisman when triggered.

And because of the humidity, everyone's body has always been in a "wet" state. If the sun shines down, it can just solve the urgent problem caused by the "moistness."

This bullet was launched at the right time!

It can meet the needs of sunlight for 2 hours. That is, the effectiveness will fade away at almost 11 o'clock.

The day and night temperatures at Fire Peak are very high. Sun Rong chose to launch at this time. Not only can it help everyone get rid of moisture on their bodies, but it can also avoid direct sunlight at noon when the temperature is the hottest.

Of course... everyone knows very well. Sun Rong's purpose in doing all this is for everyone's common group favorite classmate Wang Ling!

...

On the other side, Wang Ling is making simple preparations for a trip to the sun to find out. Wang Zhen is trying his best to delay time. And he must resolve this battle as soon as possible.

However, it is said that it will be "resolved as soon as possible." But how long it will take. Wang Ling In fact, this time there is no real certainty.

Judging from all the information known so far, this is already the most troublesome person among all the opponents Wang Ling has fought against.

The information they received was limited. Even the origin of the man behind the scenes was not clear. This was a situation that had never happened before.

And Wang Ling's various predictions and divination spells have no effect on this mysterious man behind the scenes.

This feeling of looking up into the black void is the first time Wang Ling has experienced it.

Therefore, when the origin of the other party is unclear, Wang Ling feels it is prudent to make more preparations.

There are various magic weapons in his king's treasure house. In the past, Wang Ling has never used them in battles. Because no matter how "strong" the person is, they cannot withstand the power of his slap. But this time. Wang Ling feels that the time to activate the treasure house is completely mature.

As an excuse to go to the toilet. Wang Ling had a bag accident with his clone "Crispy Noodles Dao Lord." This is the real clone that Wang Ling left in the War Ignorance Bureau before. It has its own intelligence. Lord Diulei called "Crispy Noodles Dao Lord" Wang Ling a trump card.

This understanding is actually correct.

Now Wang Ling wants to leave temporarily. He has thought about it for the best to keep Crispy Noodles Dao Lord here. Ordinary clones will disintegrate directly if they are damaged. But the real clone will not.

And Crispy Noodles Dao Lord is strong enough. If any emergency occurs, he can protect the safety of everyone here.

Standing face to face with Crispy Noodles Dao Lord. Wang Ling felt like he was looking in the mirror. Especially when Crispy Noodles put on the same school uniform as himself. There was almost no difference.

"Leave it to you." Wang Ling gently patted Crispy Noodles on the shoulder. Then the next moment, his figure disappeared directly on the spot...

...

This kind of transfer seems to be seamless. It will not leave any flaws. However, it turns out that Wang Ling still underestimates some people's understanding of themselves...

As the true avatar of Wang Ling, Crispy Noodles has been patiently learning all kinds of knowledge about business management in the war. Because he is the avatar of Wang Ling, his identity will not be revealed easily. Always. Wearing a special mask to hide his face, he looks exactly like Wang Ling. They can almost be described as brothers. If they weren't too obedient, sometimes even Lord Diulei would admit his mistake.

At the beginning, Wang Ling left his real avatar in the war. The main purpose was to help Lord Diulei to add some personnel and reliable combat power. For a newly established sect, it always needs a few people who can shake up the main scene. Expert's.

Crispy noodles are very obedient.

He is a clone without superfluous emotions.

And in accordance with the instructions of Wang Ling. He obeyed all tasks assigned to him by Diulei.

From the very beginning of the sect's security work, to the current corporate management, employee training, etc. Nowadays, crispy noodles have become an indispensable HR for new members of the Bureau of War and Ignorance when they join the sect.

Like this field mission, it was the first time for Crispy Noodles to participate in it.

The exchange was completed. Crispy Noodles entered his memory according to Wang Ling. Based on the previous behavior pattern of Wang Ling, he began to return to the camp step by step.

He walked out of the makeshift toilet and saw that the Huaguo Shuilian Group's "cloud-clearing bomb" had been successfully launched in the distance.

The missile soared up from the ground, breaking through layers of clouds and fog. Finally, the clouds and fog in the Jiulong Mountain area were dispersed, allowing the sun to shine down.

The warm beam of light hit Crispy Noodles' face. For some reason, Crispy Noodles felt happy. The corners of his mouth couldn't help but start to rise.

"Classmate Wang Ling you..." Sun Rong happened to see this scene from a distance. This was also the first time she saw Wang Ling's unexpected expression besides facial paralysis: "You... Were you laughing just now? Classmate Wang Ling?"

She didn't expect that Wang Ling would be so happy after seeing the sun. She would even smile happily.

This is something Sun Rong has never discovered before.

You must write it down in a small notebook! --Classmate Wang Ling. I like the sunshine!

Now Sun Rong finally figured it out. Why Wang Ling sat in the second to last row by the window! Isn't this just to be closer to the sun?





Chapter 1193 Composition "Substitute"


After realizing that he was noticed by Sun Rong, Crispy Noodles quickly suppressed his smile. This was the first time he received a field mission order from Wang Ling. He felt that he was a little too complacent. He actually showed such a smile. Big flaw.

The crispy noodles were very clear. The girl in front of him was the eldest lady of the Huaguo Shuilian Group. When she entered school, she was listed as one of the people on the "Beware of Strictly" list by Little Master Ling at the first sight. Now she was actually seeing such a person. A flaw was revealed in front of him. This made Crispy Noodles feel that he had made a huge mistake.

What should I do? Should I knock her out...physically erase her memory?

After thinking carefully, Crispy Noodles finally decided against it.

She refuses verbally, but sometimes her body is very honest. Crispy noodles feel that although classmate Sun Rong has been included in the list of objects to be strictly wary of, it does not necessarily mean that Little Master Ling actually hates her. Since Under the premise of not being sure whether it is really annoying or not, for the sake of caution. Crispy noodles did not take a rough approach to Sun Rong in the end.

Instead, he used the branch ability of the {Great Memory Technique} in Three Thousand Heavenly Dao to erase the image of him accidentally smiling from the girl's mind.

This incident actually served as a wake-up call for Crispy Noodles. He had been too complacent just now. He temporarily forgot that his mission was to change his identity. He should maintain the character of Little Master Ling as much as possible.

As a real avatar with intelligence. Although Crispy Noodles looks exactly like Wang Ling, there is actually a certain degree of difference in personality from the original body.

He must pay more attention to this.

Facts have proved that although the matter of being a stand-in seems simple, it is also very demanding on acting skills.

It's not easy for Crispy Noodles to blend into the team. The differences in souls between people are often reflected at this time. He is the true clone of Wang Ling. However, there are still differences.

In the early morning, everyone in the Fire Peak Number 60 High School camp is taking time to complete the entry diary for this Taishu Exchange Conference.

This is an additional component in this Taishu Exchange Conference. The requirement is very simple. It is to complete an experience essay during the competition. It is required to express the true feelings of the competition from the perspective of a contestant.

You can choose your own topic, and the subject matter can be triggered by research on physical martial arts duels from each school, friendship, team chemistry, and tactical analysis and discussion...

If you can complete this essay during the survival competition, the participating team you represent will get extra points. Then, it will be judged by professional Chinese teachers based on the content of the essay. The ten essays with the best content will be selected to get extra points.

It's okay if you don't write it. No points will be deducted. But since it is an option for extra points, schools that can afford it still decide to participate.

For example, the Number 60 High School camp can safely complete this extra-point essay.

Ever since the news broke that four high schools, led by Fu Mo Number 1 High School, were taken over by Number 60 High School, no one in the Number 60 High School camp dared to offend them.

The early morning period is when the mind is most alert. It is perfect for literary creation.

In the process of Wang Ling going to save the world. The task of this essay naturally fell on Crispy Noodles.

The main reason is that Crispy Noodles saw everyone writing about it. If he didn't go, I'm afraid he would be a bit unsociable.

"Classmate Wang Ling is also here to write a composition. Make room quickly!" Everyone formed a circle. When they saw Crispy Noodles coming, they all moved their buttocks to make way for a seat that was just big enough for one person.

Crispy Noodles wanted to say thank you. However, considering that this did not seem to fit Little Master Ling's character, he forced himself to smash the thank you and swallowed it in his stomach. Then he held his knees and merged into everyone's creations obediently. middle.

Many people are thinking about choosing topics for compositions. In the past, the habit of Wang Ling was to observe everyone's topic choices and then classify them. Then choose the one with the most topics to create based on the same topic.

For example, five people wrote essays on the theme of "Friendship." Three people wrote essays on the theme of "Tactical Layout." Then Wang Ling will definitely write an essay on "Friendship" based on the side with more people. "of.

In this way, he can ensure that his composition will not be too eye-catching.

When a composition teacher reads too many essays on the same topic, unless you write something unique, your score will not be too high.

And what Wang Ling wants is this effect.

But Crispy Noodles didn't actually know Wang Ling's habits. He saw that everyone had already started writing, so he immediately formulated his own topic.

The title of his composition is "Substitute."

Many people noticed the essay title of Wang Ling and expressed curiosity.

"Substitute? Classmate Wang Ling is this expressing some kind of metaphor?" Some people were puzzled.

"Guaiguai. Wang Ling has actually already drafted the title of the essay. In the past, he always wrote it slowly and last." Chen Chao also expressed surprise. He felt that this was a bit unlike Wang Ling's. Style. I always have the illusion that Wang Ling is not being manipulated.

"Are you a substitute? This essay title is interesting." As a representative of the ideological and political class, Guo Hao felt that he had something to say. It was a short essay in the ordinary introduction to cultivation thought class. Many times, some historical events cannot be explained clearly. This kind of passage is needed. Only when metaphors are expressed in words can teachers favor them.

So for the title "Stand-in", Guo Hao had his own interpretation almost instantly: "I know! What classmate Wang Ling wants to express is the theme. In fact, it is friendship! The friendship of each of us is inseparable. Substitute! A true friend should be like a substitute. He can help in time in times of difficulty! To help friends bear the pain together! Share the hardships together! And this is the legendary [Stand-in Messenger] general friendship..."

So is this what Wang Ling wanted to express?

Everyone nodded when they heard this.

They felt that Guo Hao's point of view sounded quite reasonable at first glance. In fact, even Crispy Noodles himself did not expect that there was such a level of sophistication in it... He just made up a random topic.

Of course, the most egregious thing is more than that.

Just when Crispy Noodles decided to write an article, the other side was actually setting up a "betting game"... but this bet was made with himself as the starting point.

The two people taking the lead are Guo Hao and Chen Chao.

"Come on, come on. The deal is gone! No one can go back on it!" Chen Chao shouted from the front. As he said that, he put all the Talisman in his hand on the word "big."

"What kind of bet is this? How to play?"

"Below 20 is small. Above 21 is large!"

"???" Some people still don't quite understand what this means.

"To put it bluntly, I'm just betting on how many ellipses there will be in classmate Wang Ling's composition this time!"





Chapter 1194 White Hair's true identity


Everyone here is struggling to choose a topic. On the other side, Wang Ling has arrived at the coordinate location.

sun.

As a huge and hot gas planet in the universe, it has continued to glow and heat for about 4.5 billion years. The surface temperature is nearly 6,000 degrees. The core temperature is as high as 15 million degrees.

The surface cell structure photographed by the most advanced telescope on earth shows that the cell structure of each solar surface is approximately the size of a country.

Of course. True Immortal cultivators on Earth cannot approach this place.

Their activity time in the universe can only last less than five minutes.

Unless it can reach Venerated Immortal status.

Because Venerated Immortal can unlock the second origin. By absorbing the "original energy" emitted from the universe, it can be used as a long-term energy supply.

It is precisely for this reason that Zhenyuan Immortal wandered around the universe for nearly a thousand years before he found the "Drought Star" suitable for human beings to remember.

However, even if it reaches the level of Venerated Immortal, it is still unable to approach some specific celestial objects. It has to take a detour during the cosmic walk.

For example, a star with a blazing temperature like the sun. Another example is a black hole that can swallow even light...

eh...

Wang Ling.

Not affected by the above restrictions.

He is a man who can directly approach the sun and black holes.

One thing that Wang Ling needs to pay attention to is that the clothes on your body must be modified before taking action so that the clothes have a certain ability to withstand pressure.

Although his body can withstand it, his clothes may not be able to withstand such torture.

When Wang Ling was a child, he remembered that after he was so close to the sun because he didn't light up his clothes, all the clothes on his body were burned by the sun.

This matter is a secret buried deep in Wang Ling's heart.

Looking at the entire universe, probably only the sun knows about it.

All things have animism, and the sun is no exception.

It's just that the spirit of the sun is in a state of slumber all year round...

The last time it woke up, it saw a naked child dangling in front of its eyes. It was so shocked that its surface temperature increased by several hundred degrees.

Now, this familiar aura is approaching again, causing the Sun Spirit to tremble all over and wake up from its long sleep again.

You can't go wrong...

This aura is that of the child whose clothes were burned by him back then but whose body was still intact.

But when it was sleeping with its eyes closed, he didn't expect Wang Ling to have grown so big.

But soon Sun Spirit realized something was wrong...

It found that Wang Ling did not seem to be directed at itself.

Because just behind it, the Sun Spirit discovered the figure of another boy with white hair. And the boy's appearance was exactly the same as Wang Ling!

"?" Sun Spirit felt a little confused.

The situation has completely developed into an unexpected situation...

As a proud Sun Spirit, no human being has ever been able to survive the heat of his core intact. But since meeting Wang Ling, the Sun Spirit found himself in a state of complete autistic isolation.

And now, its autism has not been completely lifted. As a result, another one has come...

Judging from the auras emanating from the two of them, a fierce battle is probably inevitable.

Behind the sun. The boy with white hair who looks exactly like Wang Ling is surrounded by a dark halo of light. He rises from the surface ignoring the blazing temperature of the sun.

Just having a face-to-face encounter with Wang Ling, Wang Ling had already made a judgment on the outcome of this duel.

Although I don't know why the boy in front of me looks exactly like myself. But after such close contact, Wang Ling feels that the other person is not my opponent.

"Don't be too proud. Wang Ling."

The white-haired boy sighed: "I know. It's difficult for me to defeat you with my current fighting power. But..."

At this time, the white-haired boy turned his peripheral vision to the huge black pillar on the back of the sun. From a distance, it looked like this huge black pillar was like a needle piercing the surface of the golden sun.

This is the magic weapon that the White Hair boy has been preparing for a long time. The all-encompassing pillar! Ignores the temperature. It can directly penetrate into the most blazing core of the sun!

At this time, the Sun Spirit finally understood the White Hair boy's intention...

The other party wants to extract the power of its "Spirit of the Sun" to resonate with the other eight planets in the solar system. When the last main valve of the heavenly veins on the earth is opened, the cosmic formation array surrounding the solar system will be activated! At that time, all living things in the entire solar system will be swallowed up by this White Hair!

"If I gather the power of the entire solar system...Wang Ling, do you think you are still my opponent?" As he spoke, White Hair glanced in the direction of the Sun Luo Vientiane Pillar. He painstakingly planned to target the Sun. The spirit absorption ritual has been initiated.

Although he thinks that he is not Wang Ling's opponent at the moment. But as long as he can delay it until the Senluo Wanxiang Pillar absorbs the energy of the Sun Spirit!

No need to fully absorb!

10% is enough to cooperate with the Heavenly Meridian Master Valve on the earth's side. Start the cosmic refining array!

At this time, Wang Ling looked around the Senluo Wanxiang Pillar. He saw that the surface of the sun was like a man with thick hair who suddenly had his scalp cut off. The surface that should have been extremely blazing turned out to be bare. The temperature above dropped sharply. There was even a layer of frost...

This is obviously the work of White Hair. Even Wang Ling himself did not expect that other than himself, there would be someone so "unbridled" with the Sun Spirit.

There was no way he was going to let White Hair succeed.

Wang Ling leans over and rushes towards the Universal Pillar. The top priority right now is to prevent the opponent from absorbing the spirit of the sun. It is best to directly pull out or destroy this pillar!

But using magic to destroy it. Wang Ling was worried that this would also cause irreversible damage to the surface of the sun. So after thinking about it comprehensively, Wang Ling thought it would be better to just pull it out. The damage to the sun and the sun spirit would be minimal. of.

However, to Wang Ling's surprise, White Hair's movements and reactions were as fast as his. The moment he took action, the opponent's speed was no less than his!

It's almost synchronicity!

This surprised Wang Ling, because no one could keep up with his actions given his seriousness.

"Wang Ling. Only I can catch up with you in this world." White Hair said. He said calmly. His face was full of confidence.

Is it completely consistent with me?

Wang Ling was thinking in his mind. He has been guessing the identity of White Hair.

Initially, Wang Ling's suspicion was that White Hair might be a character that jumped out of "Fate." From another world.

But now Wang Ling has a new idea in mind.

And the answer to this assumption is many times more complicated than the version previously imagined by Wang Ling.

The next moment. Wang Ling did not hesitate. He raised his hand and cast a thirteenth level spell.

This move is called Galaxy Explosion. It can gather all nearby meteorites to launch a dense bombardment like a meteor shower...

However, the moment Wang Ling raised his hand to cast a spell, the White Hair on the opposite side repeated his actions as if looking into a mirror. He cast the exact same spell!

They raised their hands at the same time, made seals at the same time, and cast spells at the same time.

All times are accurate to microseconds. Almost accurate!

Even the strongest copy cultivator on earth may not be able to do this!

But precisely because of this. Wang Ling further supports his inference.

I'm afraid there is only one answer.

The one in front of me is White Hair.

It is the incarnation of one's own shadow.





Chapter 1195 Wang Ying


Now Wang Ling finally discovered a misunderstanding that he had fallen into all along.

Although through Wang Ming's dream. Wang Ling, he has discovered that the man behind the scenes may have some connection with himself. However, he has always been thinking about himself in the parallel space. But he has ignored the clues that are right in front of him.

That is. His shadow.

To be precise, this is a part of the shadow separated from his shadow.

The other party is very smart. In order to prevent himself from seeing any flaws, he deliberately retained a small part of the power of the shadow to confuse him, so that he did not pay attention to the shadow that had been following him under his feet.

During the period of separation, the other party also continued to improve his cultivation, and relied on a method similar to "the big fish swallows the small fish" to strengthen himself by constantly devouring the shadows of others.

That kind of strange resurrection technique is probably just to prepare for "swallowing."

Wang Ling didn't expect that even though I was so cautious, I would still be fooled by my own shadow.

Since it is my own shadow.

Wang Ling immediately decided to give White Hair a name: Wang Ying.

This name sounds like a good one.

"Hmph! Don't give me a random name!" On the other side, White Hair heard Wang Ling's voice and immediately let out an angry snort. He knew that they were at the same level. Between himself and Wang Ling No one should be able to do anything to anyone. In other words, if Wang Ling hadn't deliberately exposed his spiritual flaw, he wouldn't be able to hear Wang Ling's inner voice at all.

So. Wang Ying immediately understood. Wang Ling was intentional. He deliberately let himself hear this name!

What a despicable guy!

Do you think that with such a name, you can make him surrender?

From the moment he separated from Wang Ling, Wang Ying had already made a vow. He would never become anyone's accessory in this life!

He is. Unique!

Wang Ling never thought that one day he would have a battle with his own shadow. This feeling is very strange, similar to the "fighting between left and right" in martial arts novels. It is not an exaggeration to call it an advanced version.

Use sealing techniques?

At this time, Wang Ling was staring at Wang Ying. He was thinking of possible ways to deal with Wang Ying.

If you are facing off against Wang Ying, the opponent will probably do the same thing again.

Fighting in front of the sun. If this damages the spirit of the sun, it will only be a fatal blow to the earth's environment.

So what Wang Ling is thinking is to use high-level sealing techniques to seal Wang Ying.

This was the gentlest method he could think of.

Of course, even if you use the sealing technique, you won't be able to use the ordinary Heavenly Dao spell.

Wang Ying knows all his abilities. No matter what tricks he uses, the opponent will copy them perfectly.

So. This showdown is a brainstorm.

Wang Ling must use the abilities he possesses during the duel. Rearrange and combine them. Develop new abilities to deal with Wang Ying.

It's like the permutation and combination in mathematics. Four identical numbers will become brand new numbers as long as they are rearranged and reorganized!

And what Wang Ling has to do is use the constantly developed new spells to win!

These spells were compiled by Wang Ling. Even if Wang Ying knew what kind of abilities they were rearranged and combined to develop, it would be impossible to copy them instantly! There is also a calculation process involved!

Wang Ling plans to take advantage of the time difference to defeat Wang Ying.

"What? Do you want to defeat me by designing a spell on the spot?" However, to Wang Ling's surprise, the plan he thought was feasible was instantly pierced by Wang Ying on the other side.

Wang Ling is very clear. This is definitely not the ability of Wang Ling.

Unless they deliberately reveal flaws in each other, no one can read the other's mind.

"You underestimate me. Wang Ling. I am separated from you... Even if I can't read your mind with his mind, I can predict it based on my understanding of you. I don't know what you are thinking about." Wang Ying stood in front. The expression on his face was a little bitter, and even more self-deprecating: "Have you forgotten? Countless nights, you are learning. I am also growing with you. You I know all of his habits like the back of my hand."

These words made Wang Ling's pupils shrink slightly.

It also made Wang Ling feel that he did underestimate Wang Ying.

After all, it is something separated from oneself. It not only possesses spiritual intelligence, but also possesses all of its own abilities... It is indeed very different from those opponents in the past who knew a few three-legged cat kung fu.

This may be the first person Wang Ling has encountered. A character that cannot be defeated directly with just a slap...

But at the next moment.

Looking at the young man in front of him, Wang Ling let out a sigh.

And with this sigh, Wang Ying suddenly felt that the nearby space began to vibrate within a thousand feet.

"Sealing formation? How to do it?" The formation was arranged quietly. This suddenly caught Wang Ying off guard. He was trying to predict Wang Ling's formation. However, he couldn't see it. What kind of ability was used.

Except for the first sigh, Wang Ling did not move at all. He just stood here. He had not formed any seals. There was not even any spiritual energy fluctuations flowing out of his body.

But this formation was arranged just like this!

That's a brand new formation!

At least in the memory of Wang Ying when he was still a shadow, he had never seen such a magic circle.

Just for a moment. The surface of the blazing sun was divided into a square chessboard. Countless stars gathered and moved around on the chessboard like chess pieces. The center of the chessboard clearly divided two spaces, one yin and one yang.

And Wang Ling was standing at the intersection of Yin and Yang. He didn't even raise his eyelids. The chess pieces made of stars above the chessboard suddenly made a roaring sound. One after another, they exploded. Move in the direction of Wang Ying.

This is a new move developed by Wang Ling that combines a variety of spells. When the chess pieces collide together, the hit target is immediately sealed!

The intensity of this move is comparable to level 14.

The power is extraordinary.

However, at the moment when the chess piece was about to hit Wang Ying, the chess piece that was originally moving at high speed stopped for an instant.

Just under Wang Ying's feet, a chessboard measuring thousands of feet was also formed!

Wang Ling felt that there was a force against him, which forced his pieces to stop moving.

"Heavenly Dao chessboard + star shifting formation + all things dust..." Although it took some time to calculate, Wang Ying finally calculated the "recipe" for this new sealing spell.

And such a fast verification is also a bit unexpected for Wang Ling.

It seems that simple permutations and combinations cannot fool Wang Ying.

He must devise some more complex spells.





Chapter 1196 The legendary Counter


It combines the three spells of Heavenly Dao chessboard, Douzhuanxingzhi and Wanxiangchen. It recombines the fourteenth-level new sealing technique of the new city. Wang Ling calls it {Heavenly Dao Shifting chess}.

When the chess pieces collide and hit the target.

The power of the yin and yang seal is enough to crush any living thing within the solar system.

However, simple permutation and combination obviously did not work for Wang Ying.

The other party's calculation speed is much faster than Wang Ling imagined.

But the battle had just begun. Wang Ling did not lose its position because of the failure.

With a variety of powerful powers, he has enough confidence in any battle. And the most important thing is that this duel with Wang Ying takes place in the universe.

Their fighting distance is far from the earth. Even if they let go of some hands and feet, innocent people will not be harmed.

It is precisely because of this that Wang Ling appears to be extremely patient.

Since Wang Ying was separated from his body, Wang Ling felt that it was actually necessary to investigate the cause of Wang Ying's formation through this battle.

All this time. Wang Ling has ignored his own shadow.

He never expected that his shadow would actually grow with him. He would gradually gain spiritual intelligence and have the idea of separating from his true body.

"Wang Ling. You'd better not underestimate my deduction ability! There may be no obvious difference between you and me, but my arithmetic must be better than yours!" Wang Ying said this. But it made Wang Ling's expression slightly stunned. He was thinking about what the differences between himself and Wang Ying were except for their hair color.

Do you have mathematical ability... Wang Ling thinks that his mathematics is not too bad. At least the idea of solving the problem is very clear. Dozens of different solutions can be generated in one second.

For Wang Ling, the only difficulty is how to make the mistakes less obvious when doing the questions.

As for what Wang Ying said, his arithmetic ability is better than his. Wang Ling actually showed an expression that he was willing to hear the details.

So the next second, Wang Ling heard the soul torture from Wang Ying: "Wang Ling. Let me ask you! Do you know how many packages of crispy noodles you have eaten until today!"

To be honest. This question stunned Wang Ling.

Because no one would deliberately plan to eat crispy noodles...

"I have long expected that you would use this way of rearranging and combining spells to deal with me! So a long time ago, I was practicing my arithmetic skills and patience! Every packet of crispy noodles you eat. I I remember them all clearly..."

Wang Ying's eyes showed a determined look: "You are 16 years old this year! You have eaten a total of 36,872 packs of dry noodles! On average, you eat 6 packs a day! Sometimes you eat 20 packs a day!"

Wang Ling: "..."

"Do you know Wang Ling?"

Wang Ying smiled bitterly: "I even know yourself better than you do..."

Wang Ling silently.

He was truly speechless.

He originally thought that his shadow was just a "repeater", possessing all the abilities he knew.

But I never expected that Wang Ying was not only a "repeater" but also a legendary "counter."

But it was finally thanks to Wang Ying. Wang Ling finally knew how many packs of crispy noodles he had eaten...

Opponents usually die from talking too much.

During the time that Wang Ying was nagging, Wang Ling had already figured out a new offensive method.

He knew that the ultimate purpose of Wang Ying chattering in front of him was to delay time so that Senluo Wanxiangzhu would have enough time to extract the spiritual power of the Sun Spirit.

But Wang Ying has no chance.

The next move will definitely seal the victory.

For a long time, many people have been pursuing the power of the Dao. The so-called power of the Dao is the supreme supernatural power that can reach the heaven and the earth. Take Heavenly Dao as an example. There are three thousand Heavenly Dao in a cosmic environment. Combined into three thousand Heavenly Dao .

Many cultivators on the earth have been pursuing for hundreds or even thousands of years before they can realize one of the three thousand Heavenly Dao.

A large part of the reason why the power of Dao is difficult to reach is because "Dao" has an ever-changing power.

Just like the gene sequence in the process of biological evolution. There are no less than trillions of permutations and combinations. Only through repeated learning and a certain amount of luck can we have the opportunity to combine the "gene sequence" of Three Thousand Heavenly Dao.

And this process may take a cultivator a long time...

The next moment. Wang Ling takes action again.

Just like before, he didn't form any seals and didn't make any big movements on his body.

Another extremely perfect Muyin spell.

The disorienting effect brought by Muyin spellcasting is excellent.

Because the opponent will never know when the attack will start. It can't even be seen through the opponent's seals to see what kind of skills are used.

Wang Ying squinted his eyes and tried his best to identify Wang Ling's moves. He was observing Wang Ling's micro-expressions. He relied on his familiarity with Wang Ling to pre-read Wang Ling's next move. Take action.

Facial paralysis also has micro-expressions.

Sometimes even a tiny blink of an eye may hide a huge amount of information.

Wang Ling This move is still inspired by the stars in the universe. But the fusion spells are far more than the first time. His first time he only fused 3 moves. The result was quickly calculated and deduced by Wang Ying Come out.

But this time. Wang Ling didn't believe that Wang Ying could see through it so quickly after integrating 30 spells.

When Wang Ying was surrounded by thousands of meteorites, he felt as if his body had become the center of gravity.

Each of these meteorites flying in the sky was like a magnet, rushing towards him in an endless stream. While Wang Ying struggled to escape the traction of the meteorites, he was thinking about what kind of attack Wang Ling had cast. Spells.

In less than a few seconds, Wang Ying felt that her body was getting heavier and heavier!

If this continues, he will definitely lose this battle!

When thousands of meteorites poured over him like a wave, Wang Ying gradually got lost among them, and finally sank.

"Did it succeed?"

Wang Ling stared at the scene in front of him.

He saw that Wang Ying had been completely buried.

This move is a newly created fifteenth-level spell.

Can transform any living being into a star core.

Once the transformation is completed, all meteorites in the universe will approach the body of the "star core" and converge into a ball. Under the influence of continuous gravity, they will get bigger and bigger. The effect is like a greedy snake.

The most important thing is that as the meteorites gather and their size continues to grow, the people who are transformed into star cores will also bear the same pressure!

Until the end. It will be completely transformed into a brand new planet... and will be trapped in it forever.

Judging from the results, Wang Ying should be trapped.

Is that the only extent?

Wang Ling stared at the brand new planet formed by the continuous flow of meteorites. He was sighing in his heart.

But at the next moment.

The sphere that was originally motionless in front of me suddenly split open from above with a huge roar...

"Wang Ling. I will never be abandoned by you again!"

Wang Ying's voice came from the crack: "I have been your shadow for so long! This time, I will turn you into my shadow forever!"





Chapter 1197 Backlash is the main one


Wang Ying's power is astonishing. At least it is far more terrifying than Wang Ling imagined. He broke away from the star core by himself. He fought his way out while being surrounded by such dense meteorites. Ask for himself. Got "a glimmer of hope."

This method of breaking free by relying solely on physical strength cannot be described or evaluated in any words, because it does not have any technical content at all.

Wang Ling did not take any action. Instead, it was waiting for the other party's next move.

The scene seems to be in a stalemate. If there are people watching here, they will definitely have huge doubts about the outcome of the battle. This kind of doubt is like why Kuxuan is short. It is thought-provoking!

On the other side, Wang Ying broke free with pure physical strength. Several layers of faint black light lingered all over his body. This is the aura of the holy body that sanctifies the flesh. Wang Ling's aura is pure white. It is completely opposite to Wang Ying.

When the halo of the Holy Body was surrounding Wang Ying like a star ring, the meteorites within a hundred feet of Wang Ying were actually attracted by the power of the Holy Body halo. Then they split little by little, and finally completely shattered.

This is the circle of innocence brought about by the aura of the Eucharist.

It can automatically clean up all approaching flying objects within a hundred feet range. Hidden weapons, spells. Wait a minute!

Wang Ling usually maintains a suppressed state. He does not allow his Holy Body aura to be revealed. Because if his aura is not controlled, the consequences will not only be to clear up flying objects, but also to destroy the nearby space. All living creatures within are wiped out together.

Even Wang Ying now. His halo is reserved. The degree of openness is less than 10%.

Because he also has to take care of the dense and colorful pillars underneath.

Once it reaches the point of 100% complete liberation, a large piece of the Senluowanxiang Pillar underneath and the surface of the sun will be chewed off immediately and disappear directly from the space.

All I can say is that it is indeed my own shadow.

Wang Ling looked at this scene. There was a bit of surprise in his eyebrows.

It's been a long time since he met such a tough person.

Wang Ying almost copied all of his Heavenly Dao abilities.

However, judging from Wang Ying's action just now. Wang Ling actually also saw some drawbacks.

Almost all the spells he created previously were based on Heavenly Dao.

Assume that Wang Ying separated from himself a long time ago. Then Wang Ying may not be able to master 100% of the new abilities he gained after the separation.

Although he was careful to leave a small part of his shadow on Wang Ling to prevent Wang Ling from noticing the lack of shadow. However, the learning ability of this small part of the shadow is limited.

So. Thinking based on this scenario, Wang Ling felt that the opportunity for a decisive victory had arrived.

As long as you use the power of Heavenly Dao, you may be able to expose Wang Ying's flaws.

However, at this moment, Wang Ying had a sly smile on his face. There was a long series of black shadows condensing in his open hands. Finally, they gradually condensed into a solid body. First, the dark hilt was revealed, and then a little bit more concrete. Jian Shen came out of condensation.

This sword is completely black. But even though the colors are different, Wang Ling can still tell it apart at a glance. This is Jingke's shadow...

Wang Ying not only escaped from him, but also stole Jingke's shadow with him!

What a beast...

But at this moment, staring at the rampant Wang Ying in front of him, Wang Ling felt a little secretly happy in his heart.

He thought to himself that the other party was lucky not to attack the shadow of Gan Jian Mian.

If even the shadow of dry noodles is stolen, then dry noodles are no longer complete dry noodles.

"Wang Ling. I know what you are thinking. I know you are thinking of using Heavenly Dao to deal with me... But it is a pity that your wish may come true. I do not fully grasp the power of Heavenly Dao. But you must always remember. I am your shadow."

Wang Ying's voice sounded: "Shadow exists for imitation. If you dare to use Heavenly Dao, I can learn it in an instant. By then, I will become stronger..."

Having said that, Wang Ying pointed the black Jingke directly at Wang Ling: "I said it.

I want you to become my shadow!" The shadow bites back.

This is by no means just what Wang Ying said.

Wang Ling can feel that Wang Ying is serious.

In fact, for Wang Ying, this is also a gamble.

He spent such a huge price to set up the cosmic formation, trying to absorb the power of all living things in the entire solar system. In order to be able to draw enough power to fight against Wang Ling.

That's right.

Therefore, Wang Ying's ultimate goal is to counterattack. He wants Wang Ling to swallow him up and turn him into his own shadow.

But now, there is still a crucial step to complete this plan. It is to wait until Senluo Wanxiang Pillar absorbs enough power of the Sun Spirit.

Wang Ying once imagined what kind of attitude and expression he would show if he saw Wang Ling.

As it turned out, Wang Ying found this more exciting than she imagined.

He couldn't even wait for the moment when the Senluo Wanxiang Pillar absorbed enough energy. His whole person was already boiling!

According to his original plan, if he cooperates with the universe to form a magic circle, his success rate of devouring Wang Ling will reach 99.99%!

Although the current success rate is not that high, it is still 80%!

So, Wang Ying decided to try it first to see if he could swallow Wang Ling!

"hehe."

With Wang Ying's frivolous smile, he held a black sword and swept towards Wang Ling.

At first, Wang Ying's swing of Wang Ying's sword with four ounces of sword energy only produced a small sword wave. However, the moment the sword wave was pushed out, it suddenly surged like a surging tsunami, forming a huge sword wave thousands of feet wide!

The wildly dancing sword energy caused Wang Ling to move slightly.

Wang Ling began to feel lucky that he had the foresight to change his school uniform and school pants before setting off... Otherwise, under the power of this sword, all his clothes would be stripped off.

"Do you think this is the end? I didn't even use 10% of my strength with that sword strike just now."

Wang Ying is particularly confident in his offensive.

He quickly changed his direction. Every time he changed his direction, he struck a sword at Wang Ling. Huge sword waves from all directions rushed towards Wang Ling at the center, forming a huge convection. It seemed that Wang Ling Caught in the middle and unable to move.

Such power is indeed astonishing. A fraction of a percent of the power can actually produce such an effect. This has been affirmed by Wang Ling in his heart.

However, in the center of the sword energy, Wang Ling relaxed his muscles and bones.

10% sword energy is still a bit too weak. It is impossible to trap yourself.

Wang Ying saw this and reacted quickly. He launched a second round of attack again.

To devour Wang Ling, you must first imprison Wang Ling. Just like a python swallowing its prey, you must first make the prey give up its struggle in a short time, leaving enough time for the shadow Devour!

Ten percent Sword!

This time, Wang Ying no longer held back. He originally wanted to save some power for use when devouring Wang Ling.

But now. He has decided to stud!

Reserve your own strength first to immobilize Wang Ling!

The sword pressure caused by the 100% strength Sword is devastating.

Any creature trapped inside will be torn to pieces.

Only Wang Ling can be safe and sound.

"Is it already ten percent..."

"That's right! That's 100%! It's awesome!"

However, after confirming that Wang Ying sacrificed a sword with 100% strength.

Wang Ling's face showed a deep look of disappointment. Two words popped out of his heart involuntarily: That's it?





Chapter 1198 Behind the Void Gate


Although Wang Ying relied on the characteristics of shadow to imitate all his abilities, his personality was fundamentally different from Wang Ling. What made Wang Ling feel the most about Wang Ying was that he didn't know how to deal with it. Where does confidence come from.

Being too confident in one's own strength often puts oneself into unknown predicaments.

But as his own shadow, although 100% of his power is not enough in the eyes of Wang Ling, it is still stronger than most people on the earth.

Wang Ying thought that his sword pressure had firmly suppressed Wang Ling. His body immediately began to transform, trying to wrap up and devour Wang Ling.

The huge black shadow is like a black hole. It turns into ferocious minions and devours Wang Ling.

At this time, Wang Ying still didn't realize that her situation was already bad.

During the battle, Wang Ying had always kept a complete distance from Wang Ling in order to prevent Wang Ling from finding any chance to get close. He knew Wang Ling too well.

If you get close...Wang Ling, it may be easier to find the opportunity.

At this time, the swallowing black shadow rushed from a distance and pounced on Wang Ling. Wang Ying was secretly surprised. He saw that Wang Ling even opened his eyelids under the pressure of his huge sword. It won't open.

But in fact. Wang Ling closed his eyes mainly because he was accumulating strength.

The universe is so huge. In the previous two duels, Wang Ling reorganized his spells and used long-range strikes. The main purpose was because Wang Ying had maintained a cautious heart before.

In fact, during the previous battle, he came up with an excellent way to regain Wang Ying... but because of the distance, he had to lure Wang Ying into his effective attack range.

And when the endless black shadow turned into a round black hole and swallowed him, Wang Ling realized that his best chance to take action had come.

The next moment. Wang Ling opened his eyes. The three-petal golden lotus of King's Eyes overflowed from Wang Ling's pupils. A huge suppressive power was instantly generated!

Suddenly, everything in the universe seemed to be frozen at this moment. Even Wang Ying, who was trying to devour it, could not move. At this moment, he saw an illusion that everything was silent.

It was only then that Wang Ying finally realized his mistake.

He thought he copied everything from Wang Ling...

However, this pair of King's Eyes is something he has never owned! King's Eyes cannot be copied. Unless he can personally pull out King's Eyes from Wang Ling.

But how easy is this?

"What is this..." Wang Ying was stunned.

The situation was beyond his expectation.

Logically speaking, there can be no items in this world that cannot be copied as shadows...

Wang Ling knows. It started when Wang Ying showed this expression. The winner has been announced.

His King's Eyes are naturally unreplicable.

Even Wang Ling himself feels strange.

Because King's Eyes is not included in "Dao." It is not a derivative of any Dao. It is something that Wang Ling is born with but doesn't know where it comes from.

It is also the only object around Wang Ling that is no longer in "Dao."

King's Eyes has many abilities.

Powerful power of suppression, eliminating the false and retaining the true, transcending illusions, and stopping the space. Wait a minute!

It can be done when necessary. Everything in sight will be destroyed.

The closer you are to your opponent, the more powerful your King's Eyes can be.

Range is a major limitation of King's Eyes.

However, the limited range is mainly because Wang Ling can suppress the power of King's Eyes. Especially when the sealing talisman is still there. At this time, the power of King's Eyes is only used less than 5%.

The range is naturally only 5%.

"It's over." Wang Ling stared at Wang Ying. He used the power of King's Eyes to distinguish the false and the real to re-condensate the huge black shadow in front of him. It gathered into the appearance of Wang Ying.

To be honest, Wang Ying was really anxious to take action.

If the cosmic refining circle is activated and the opponent is fighting against him, Wang Ling feels that the other party will have a chance to touch him.

But it's a pity. There is no if.

However. Is this really because Wang Ying is anxious?

Wang Ling thinks there may be another reason for this.

"Whose idea was this?" At this time, Wang Ling looked at Wang Ying and asked.

Although Wang Ying is indeed eager to get rid of himself, as his own shadow. Wang Ling believes that Wang Ying's thoughts will never be so evil.

So the person who can think of sacrificing the entire solar system to gain enough power for himself is definitely not Wang Ying.

On the other hand, Wang Ying seems to be in a hurry to take action. I am afraid that he has already thought of the situation at this moment.

"It's not anyone's idea..." Wang Ying turned his head. The sweat on his head soaked his white hair. The sweat beads peeled off from his body and flew into the universe. Finally, they quickly condensed into ice particles. Dissipated with the dust.

Wang Ling pursed her lips.

Although he can't read Wang Ying's mind, he has enough patience.

"When you merge with me again, I will still know." Wang Ling looked at the White Hair in front of him and said solemnly: "But I want to hear you say it yourself."

"you..."

This time, Wang Ying fell into silence.

As a shadow, Wang Ying feels that she has always been ignored.

He tried his best to get rid of Wang Ling. In the final analysis, he wanted to prove his sense of existence.

I thought about it for a long time.

Wang Ying finally gave her hint: "Behind the Void Gate..."

Some things can be said. Some things cannot be said.

Wang Ling knows. This is probably all Wang Ying knows.

At this time, Wang Ying smiled bitterly: "Erase me. Being your shadow... is really tiring..."

"Is this what you mean?" Wang Ling asked.

He saw the boy's evasive eyes.

After a few more seconds, Wang Ling stretched out his arms to the boy and took his hand.

In an instant, Wang Ying's whole body was scattered. Like a plate of quicksand, several springs and streams gradually merged with Wang Ling.

What surprised Wang Ying was that not only did Wang Ling not completely erase him, it even retained all of his intelligence and memories.

The moment before returning to Wang Ling's body, Wang Ying opened her eyes wide and showed an unbelievable look: "You... aren't you afraid that I will run away again?"

Wang Ling shook his head slightly.

"Even if you escape, I will catch you back..."

At the moment when Wang Ying returned to the body, Wang Ling gave Wang Ying's answer in his heart.

...

The last step to get rid of Wang Ying. Wang Ling is to remove the all-encompassing pillar embedded in the Sun Spirit.

At the moment when Wang Ling used his spiritual energy to move the Senluo Wanxiang Pillar, the Sun Spirit felt that his breathing suddenly became smoother. He looked at Wang Ling's expression. There was awe, but more of a shudder. Shivering: "Is this an immortal fight between gods..."

Wang Ling thought of the last tip Wang Ying gave him before.

The source of all this is closely related to the gate of void that Master Li Xiaokai wanted to break through.

"Do you know what is behind the Void Gate?" At this time, Wang Ling turned to the Sun Spirit and asked.

The sun has been flexible for billions of years. Wang Ling felt that maybe the spirit of the sun could tell him the answer he wanted.

This question made the Sun Spirit think deeply.

After a long time, the hollow voice of the Sun Spirit came: "Behind the Void Gate, there is emptiness..."





Chapter 1199 The Void Thing


Pulled out the all-encompassing pillar inserted into the Sun Spirit. The pitch-black pillar instantly shrank in Wang Ling's hand to the size of a toothpick. Wang Ling used the power of King's Eyes to search repeatedly. It was found that the material corresponding to the casting of this dense pillar was not found in the ten universes.

Wang Ling was secretly surprised. This pillar was actually the same as his "King's Eyes." It was not in "Dao."

He held the shrunken pillar with two fingers and savored what the Sun Spirit had just said: Behind the Void Gate is emptiness...

So what is this emptiness?

There is no shortage of empty people in this world. Sometimes even Wang Ling himself will feel a complete sense of emptiness.

Could it be that the person living behind the Void Gate is also a master who stands in an invincible position like him and often feels lonely and empty?

However, this is just the judgment of Wang Ling. If you want to get the answer, you must open the door to the void to find out.

"You are strong."

At this time, the hollow voice of the sun spirit, like a kind old man, sounded from the void again.

As a cosmic spirit that has survived for billions of years, the Sun Spirit has its own thoughts and insights: "I have lived for billions of years. With such a number, all the cultivators on the earth are just a drop in the ocean compared to me." .No human being can live to be billions of years old. However, if you look at the entire universe, I am just an ant-like existence...The gate to the void. Anyone who intrudes will die. This may not be a place you can set foot in."

What surprised Wang Ling was that the purpose of the Sun Spirit, who never nagged, said so many words was to warn him.

"What kind of magic weapon is this?" Wang Ling asked, holding the thin black needle in his hand. He had been looking at it for a long time, but he didn't see what kind of object it was.

"This is a void thing derived from the Void Gate. If you can't even see it...that's enough proof. Behind the Void Gate, it's not something you can touch..." When he said these words, the sun Ling's tone was very indifferent. However, in his heart, he was secretly glad that Wang Ling was also frustrated at times.

In fact, as the Spirit of the Sun, he doesn't know what is behind the Void Gate. He doesn't know whether Wang Ling will die if he steps into the Void Gate.

However, in this long history, the Spirit of the Sun has witnessed too many creatures who died trying to jump through the Void Gate...

This is not a legend. It exists alongside the Gate to Another World and the Gate to Heavenly Dao.

So far, of the three doors, Wang Ling is the only one that I haven't entered yet.

Behind the gate to another world is the demon world.

This is an artificial door designed by Zhenyuan Immortal people. Because the test is unstable, it often appears on the earth without permission and brings some disasters.

The gate of Heavenly Dao. It is directly connected to the Heavenly Dao Committee where the six Heavenly Dao are located. Wang Ling is a whitelist user. Every time I go there, it is like returning to my own home.

So judging from this. Wang Ling thinks that maybe what is connected behind the Void Gate is also another world.

It's just that this Gate of the Void looks particularly low-key. If there really are some advanced creatures there, then these creatures are indeed low-key enough in the eyes of Wang Ling...

Maybe it's because it's too strong. So you disdain it?

But these are just inferences from Wang Ling.

Although he is curious about the Gate of the Void, so far the Gate of the Void has not disturbed his normal study life, nor has it disturbed him from eating crispy noodles.

Therefore, it is impossible for Wang Ling to take the initiative to open the door to the void.

It's not because the door can't be opened. It's because Wang Ling feels that it would be too violent to force the door open without a proper reason.

As for the Senluowanxiang Pillar in my hand, which is defined as a "thing of the void" by the Sun Spirit. Wang Ling thinks it would be better to find an appropriate time to return it.

After all, this is someone else's thing.

...

Friday, November 21st. The seventh day of the National Cultivation School Physical Martial Arts Competition. There is still one day left before the end.

Wang Ling and Crispy Noodles changed their identities in the temporary toilet built by the Number 60 High School camp.

After confirming the time, Wang Ling just realized that when he was dueling with Wang Ying in space, three days had passed on the earth... This should be caused by King's Eyes' ability to stop time."Sequelae."

The time in the area is stationary. There will be a time difference with the outside.

It's just that Wang Ling didn't think too much at the time. He was just glad that he didn't stay still for too long. Otherwise, he might have graduated from high school directly. And this book would have ended directly at that time.

It took seven days. It was the last moment of the decisive battle.

When Wang Ling came out of the toilet, he found that everyone in the rest of the school had left. Crispy noodles gathered what happened during this period into a memory chain and passed it to Wang Ling.

The mission of Xiao Yin, Er Ha, and Wang Zhen went very smoothly.

All the flowers of the living dead containing embryos in the stalactite cave were completely destroyed. They rescued Mr. Huang. The fake Mr. Huang was also captured by President Qi and Zhuo Yi in one fell swoop.

Among all the resurrected masters, only Li Xiaokai's masters Li Huanran and Jiang Yingyue survived...

The existence of Li Huanran is beneficial to the research on the Gate of the Void.

At the same time, Jiang Yingyue will also be an excellent witness to this chaos. President Qi needs Jiang Yingyue as a witness to report to the Head of State.

Of course, the main reason why Jiang Yingyue survived was because of...Mother Wang.

The "remnant" who pretends to be Mother Wang and uses the name of the Ghost Ax Spirit Mother to deceive everyone is the next target.

With active communication from Lord Diulei, the Huaxiu Alliance decided to issue a wanted order to the world after verifying the relevant details.

...

On the other side, on the sixth day of the competition, the camps formed by each school agreed to disintegrate after equally sharing the materials obtained during the joint alliance time. The remaining schools agreed to avoid fighting in the next day. Made a "gentleman's oath."

If someone from a school violates the regulations and sneaks attacks or attacks on other schools in advance, they will be despised by all other schools.

Although great soldiers are not afraid of deceit, if they break their oath to win the championship, even if they win the championship, they will be despised by thousands of people.

And now. The seventh day has arrived. This day is also the deadline for a gentleman's oath.

Wang Ling looked at the numbers displayed on the dome mountain.

Now, all schools combined, there are less than 80 people left.

And Wang Ling counted the remaining people in Number 60 High School.

Good guy. No one in Number 60 High School left...

Of the less than 80 people left, they account for nearly 10% of the number in Number 60 High School!

Looking at other schools, it seems to be more tragic.

Take some of the previous favorites for example.

The remaining number of people in Nanhai Tianzhong: 4 people.

Number of students remaining in Titan High School: 3.

The remaining number of people in Henghuo High School is 1...

In comparison, Number 60 High School is as stable as an old dog!





Chapter 1200 Team battles can be lost. 60 must die!


Number 60 High School's overwhelming numerical advantage seems to be a good thing. But in Wang Ling's view, it actually puts Number 60 High School on the forefront. Large-scale competitions are about checks and balances. Other schools see Number 60 High School is still full. They may not form an alliance again in the last two days to join forces and kill Number 60 High School first.

In fact, Wang Ling's worries soon became a reality.

"Now, apart from us, there are 11 schools alive among the remaining 60 or so manpower. We have received reliable information. They decided to send one person each to form a vanguard coalition to encircle and suppress us first." At noon. Sun Rong explained the current situation to everyone through Aohai's holographic water map.

After each school learned that Number 60 High School was still at full capacity, they immediately formed an 11-member coalition under the leadership of Minami Il-hide, a master in the perception department, to try to attack them.

It doesn't have to be 1 for 1. Even if Number 60 High School has attrition, it would be good.

"Now is the critical stage. The end of the game is calculated based on the accumulated score, survival score and additional points in the battle. In the early and middle stages of the game, everyone has adopted a cooperative method for survival. How many battle points should each school have? Not much. But if we can hold on with our numerical advantage, our Number 60 High School can gain a huge advantage by relying on the survival score. We may even win directly!" Sun Rong said with confidence.

The survival score accounts for the largest proportion. At the final settlement of the survival battle on the eighth day, points will be settled based on the final number of delegations sent by each school. If one person survives, 100 points will be added.

Number 60 High School If there is still no attrition on the last day, it can open up points with a big gap between the schools...Compared to relying on battles to accumulate points, this is the fastest way.

Here Sun Rong is discussing the battle plan. Wang Zhen and Gu Shunzhi are looking at the sky in boredom. This game has almost no suspense for Number 60 High School. It is almost the last day of Number 60 High School. No one here was killed... This feels a bit unreal.

They came to learn acting from Wang Ling. But this acting was nothing like it!

As a result, the following dialogue took place in an independent mental space.

Zhenyuan hissed: "Did we act too fake? It's almost over. No one fell down?"

Gu Shunzhi nodded. He agreed with Zhenyuan's point of view: "What Venerated Immortal said makes sense. I also think it's a bit fake. How about someone show me how to make my death more natural?"

Liu Qingyi quickly planned: "This Wang Zhen is really good at it!"

Wang Zhen: "..."

So. Just after Sun Rong had just formulated a plan to fight the enemy, Wang Zhen began to drag Liu Qingyi and others to an appointment to jump off the cliff.

This was a strategy jointly discussed by Gu Shunzhi and others.

If Number 60 High School really wins the championship with a big gap, this may be a bit of a hatred... So after Gu Shunzhi's calculations, the four of them are now withdrawing from the competition. Not only can they help other schools save some face, but they can also Narrow the gap between victory and defeat. Help Number 60 High School win the competition with a small gap!

Of course, if the dance is too direct, it will feel like a blatant act. So it is very important to act realistically.

A leap of faith. This is a very romantic thing. Especially when men and women match up, there will be a special feeling.

...

So on the evening of the seventh day, the vanguard of the "Number 60 High School Must Die" alliance composed of the remaining 11 schools, headed by Nanhai Tianzhong and Titan High School, received a brand new message.

The message is simple.

Number 60 High School. Four people were "killed" in action.

"???" Nan Yixiu's first reaction after hearing the news was naturally a black question mark on his face. Their premeditated attack has not even started. Why are there four people gone?

"I heard that at first someone was collecting spiritual fruits on the cliff and fell down the cliff. Then the people behind went to catch them. In the end, they were all taken down."

"Is everyone okay..."

"Triggered the protective golden light.

What can happen..."..."

He didn't know why. Nan Yixiu didn't seem so happy when he heard the news. Instead, he felt there was an aura of conspiracy in it.

He is the captain of this vanguard force. He originally planned to launch a sneak attack on the Number 60 High School camp at night. The main reason is because Number 60 High School is currently full. This is very detrimental to other schools. But now Four people were killed in the battle. In fact, in theory, there was no need to organize this operation.

Number 60 High School must die the eleven members of the vanguard team. Except for Nan Yixiu himself, the others are representatives of the middle-level combat effectiveness of each school that he has carefully selected. The combat effectiveness of the middle-level is also critical at the moment.

Now the number of students at Number 60 High School is basically the same as that of major schools. There is really no need to take risks anymore.

But Nan Yixiu feels that there is something fishy about this matter...

He spent six days getting along with people from Number 60 High School. The overall combat effectiveness of Number 60 High School was not outstanding. The overall combat effectiveness of the entire school was relatively at the middle level of other schools.

Although classmate Sun Rong is indeed very good, in a team game, it is useless for one person to be excellent.

At this time, a drop of rain fell on the tip of Nan Yixiu's nose, and then exploded.

Nan Yixiu raised his head. Suddenly he noticed that there was a steady drizzle in the sky. This kind of weather was actually extremely unfavorable for a sneak attack.

Although they have come, it seems that there is really no need for a sneak attack at the moment.

None of them took action. Number 60 High School had already lost four people.

However, at the next moment, Nan Yixiu's expression changed drastically: "Not good!"

"What's wrong?"

"We have fallen into a trap!" Nan Yixiu suddenly had a flash of inspiration and realized that there was a huge crisis here!

It's a pity that everything is too late. In the dense forest with mountains in the distance, there are already several protective golden lights rising into the sky!

"It's over...it's all over..." Nan Yixiu looked at more and more golden light beams. The expression on his face could not hide his despair. He had completely missed the important factor of weather!

Especially in operations on rainy days. For Sun Rong who has awakened the sword spirit, her Aohai sword can almost occupy an absolute advantage! It is like a home battle, and she can use the power of the rain to identify the position of each of them. Then control the sword energy remotely to defeat them one by one!

Maybe it's hard to do it with the strength of Sun Rong alone. But there are still 6 people in Number 60 High School's camp.

In addition, Sun Rong collected various materials when using the coalition forces in the past few days. Combined with their own elixir-making machine, they quickly refined elixirs that can quickly repair spiritual energy... in this heavy rain. Sun Rong can almost be described in four words: do whatever you want!

I can only say that she is worthy of being the eldest lady of the Huaguo Shuilian Group and the captain of Number 60 High School... She can actually scheme to this extent!
