Chapter 701 General Yi's Boundless Dao


"Finally angry?"

Looking at General Yi who seemed to have become another person, the head of state smiled.

It was rare to see General Yi in this state. As far as the head of state could remember, except for when they had fought the seven demon gods back then with all their might, he had rarely seen General Yi activate this form.

"What mode is this?" Father Wang was very curious.

"This is when Little Yiyi's potential is activated. Simply put, this is a method for activating the meridians in the body with boundless sword qi to stimulate the body's potential, and it carries certain risks..." The head of state said, "Back then, it was Sword Immortal Fan Rui who developed this Boundless Sword Dao, but Little Yiyi was the only one to inherit it."

Hearing this, realization dawned on Father Wang.

He also knew about Evil Sword God's arrest previously. If that was the case, then Evil Sword God had very likely murdered his shifu back then because of jealousy.

The head of state's next words also confirmed Father Wang's speculation. "Brother Situ has probably heard that Fan Rui had two disciples. One was Little Yiyi, and the other was Chen Nanxuan, who is now known as Evil Sword God. Fan Rui was of two minds when selecting the successor to the Boundless Sword Dao; he even came to me for advice."

"The head of state and Sword Immortal knew each other?"

"We were fellow students." The head of state nodded and said, "In retaliation for Fan Rui passing the Boundless Sword Dao on to Little Yiyi, Chen Nanxuan plotted the murder of his shifu . But the truth was that Fan Rui had already long been aware of it. Fan Rui had always been a cautious person, so he wouldn't be caught unawares so easily."

"So Sword Immortal is still alive?" Father Wang remembered once searching the news on Evil Sword God out of curiosity, and amidst the numerous comments online, there was in fact information going around which said that Fan Rui wasn't really dead.

But these online views were just speculation after all, and had no proof to back them up.

"Fan Rui indeed has already passed on." At this moment, the head of state revealed the truth of what happened back then. "But unlike what the rumors say, he didn't die because he couldn't defeat Chen Nanxuan. The truth is that during that battle, Fan Rui deliberately yielded, which allowed Chen Nanxuan to seize the advantage. Chen Nanxuan naively thought that his sword skills had surpassed his shifu's , when they actually hadn't..."

When Father Wang heard this, he couldn't help clicking his tongue.

No wonder Evil Sword God had been so endlessly haughty all these years, looking for people everywhere to PK with; it appeared that he had a gross misunderstanding of how strong he was.

No wonder he got thrashed by Ling Ling...

Father Wang couldn't help sighing. "Did Sword Immortal do this in order to guide him?"

"Yes, Brother Situ is right." The head of state said non-committedly, "After Fan Rui chose the sole successor of the Boundless Sword Dao from among the two of them back then, Chen Nanxuan harbored a grudge ever since. But Fan Rui always believed that Chen Nanxuan wasn't bad by nature. He wanted to use his death to guide this disciple toward the right path, but what a pity... Chen Nanxuan still took this type of path in the end."

"Then, does Your Excellency know why Sword Immortal chose General Yi as the successor of the Boundless Sword Dao? On what specific basis?"

"I truly don't know."

The head of state tsked. He really wasn't clear about this matter. "I asked Little Yiyi before privately, but he said this had to do with the secret of the Boundless Sword Dao, so it wasn't good for me to ask too much. But one thing's for sure: when Fan Rui picked his successor, the final stipulation had nothing to do with sword skills or overall combat ability. Back then, Little Yiyi and Chen Nanxuan had been almost neck to neck in their sword skills."

Listening to the head of state, Father Wang raised his eyebrows and felt that this was becoming more interesting.

If it wasn't based on sword skills or combat ability, then what was it based on?

On who had more cheek?

...

At that very moment, Blademaster General Yi's aura seemed to undergo a one hundred and eighty-degree turn after he entered Boundless mode.

He clenched one fist. "Boundless Sword Qi Rush!"

The Cold Frost Sword then unexpectedly burst with the golden-red sword qi that was coming off General Yi, as if it was getting a power boost, before it emitted a dazzling cold, azure light!

The water drops on the sword had already completely disappeared, and its powers of ice and frost were once again on display at that moment.

"Your Excellency, your spirit field is very strong, but perhaps you don't know how formidable this humble one's boundless sword qi is..." General Yi let go of the Cold Frost Sword as he stood with his hands behind his back, and the sword started to rotate around his body, forming a three- zhang sword circle which firmly enclosed General Yi inside it.

The Boundless Sword Dao had strengthened the Cold Frost Sword as well as the Cold Frost Armor on General Yi to protect him from the blistering hot environment.

But this was only the beginning...

Because General Yi had yet to take out his most powerful sword.

Father Wang stared intently at the image projected in the air.

Several dozen seconds later, General Yi spread his palm once more. The entrance to the infinite sword repository opened again in the air, and General Yi took out something unexpected.

What he took out wasn't a complete magic sword, but a sword hilt!

"A sword hilt?" Father Wang looked blankly at this scene.

Next to him, the head of state seemed deeply moved when he saw this sword hilt. "After so many years, I never thought that I would see Little Yiyi take out this magic sword again... truly, how nostalgic."

"What kind of magic sword is this?" asked Father Wang.

"People think that Heaven-Cleaving and Brilliant Victory were Sword Immortal Fan Rui's principal swords, but that's not the case. It is this sword hilt that was Fan Rui's biggest treasure, and it was also given to Little Yiyi as an emblem of him inheriting the Boundless Sword Dao. Only those who comprehend Boundless Sword Dao can wield this sword..." The head of state stared at the image and smiled slightly. "If Little Yiyi gets serious, my infinite spirit field truly won't be able to hold him."

The head of state was very clear on this sword's background, because this was a world-defying magic weapon!

...

At that moment, General Yi made a move once again.

With the Cold Frost Sword's protection on him, he grasped this sword hilt with both hands and held it high above his head.

A few seconds later, Father Wang saw masses of "qi" inside the spirit field stream toward the hilt as they gathered little by little to coalesce into the body of a sword...

"Brother Situ, this is Little Yiyi's Boundless Sword Dao..."

The head of state said with a smile, "Boundless Sword Dao is a building technique which uses all qi under heaven. Using sword qi as a foundation, it absorbs other different types of qi and condenses them together. If it's in a place with a lot of people around, even the air we exhale will be collected by Little Yiyi and turned into power. In the end, the power in the water droplets will coalesce into a mighty force as magnificent as a rolling sea, and will turn into the Boundless Sword!"

"So the name of the sword is Boundless Sword..." Father Wang was enthralled as he listened.

"No, Boundless Sword is just the name of the blade."

The head of state corrected him. "With the sword hilt, the name of this sword should be... Qicalibur 1 !"

1(The first character of the name Excalibur in Chinese, 誓约胜利之剑, replaced with 'qi,'气 ..) Father Wang: "..."





Chapter 702 You Can Do Whatever You Want If You Have a Bit of Strength?


Things were progressing according to the head of state's plan. This was General Yi's most powerful sword, and unless he used his strongest sword attack, it would be impossible for him to break open this infinite intrinsic spirit field.

From the very beginning, this had been the head of state's goal.

This was a truly mind-blowing scene. In today's peaceful era, when could you casually see a great battle of True Immortals like this? When General Yi swung his sword, it looked just like major special effects, which made Father Wang's heart ripple when he saw it.

This immense mass of qi turned into a solid force that coalesced along the blade. Sword qi whistled past in the blink of an eye, and the golden-red sword light flared up, directly tearing open the second space layer. The volcanoes in the scene almost instantly crumbled into rock, disintegrating again into finer particles and then into dust which was then sucked into the space fissure...

With a single slash, General Yi demonstrated the height of his prowess. A golden-red sword light ten thousand fathoms wide slashed down the front with unmatched, powerful godly might. The intrinsic spirit field was cut open like a thousand-layered cake, and the space wall of each layer could be clearly seen.

The entire process lasted a full minute until finally, Father Wang saw that the boundless sword qi above General Yi's sword hilt had already vanished. His Boundless mode had also disappeared, and General Yi reappeared at the villa entrance with his head drenched in sweat and gasping harshly for breath.

That sword swing just now had taken a lot out of General Yi. This was his sure-fire killing move, and he could only use it once in the short term.

Even so, it was already stunning enough.

Father Wang felt that thanks to the head of state today, he had truly collected a lot of good battle reference material. If he could adapt that scene just now for his novel, it would be an amazing battle scenario!

But that being said, Father Wang was actually still a little curious...

In terms of visual effects, General Yi's sword swing just now as a sure-fire killing move was truly perfect.

But in terms of power, Father Wang wondered which was stronger, this sword swing or a slap from Wang Ling...

...

After this sword swing, General Yi seemed so exhausted that he collapsed. He didn't move as he gasped for air for some time before he felt better. What was more awkward was that when he had come out this time, he hadn't brought any spirit energy-replenishing pills with him.

A True Immortal's ability to recover was very strong. As long as he was breathing at a normal rate, he could replenish the spirit energy that was lost from casting spells. However, if his "Magic Points" had reached rock bottom, it would take him slightly longer to recover.

And the point was that in this current era of peace, where there was no war, General Yi never dreamed that there would be a day he would still use this killing move...

Looking at the villa in front of him, General Yi couldn't help falling into deep thought. So far, he hadn't fully figured out which godly saint this mysterious expert inside was.

But judging from this mysterious expert's technique, General Yi felt that he had no choice but to take this matter seriously. As long as they were within Huaxiu's borders, cultivators above the Golden Core stage had to report themselves to a local Huaxiu Alliance branch, which ultimately sent a summary of the statistical data to the headquarters annually.

As for cultivators above the Soul Formation stage, Huaxiu Alliance wanted to know their precise identities even more. Otherwise, they would be unregistered citizens who would encounter restrictions wherever they went.

Given the strength of the mysterious expert inside, General Yi felt that this person was most likely an "unregistered citizen."

It was likely that the matter would still have to be reported to the head of state in the end for him to handle.

With that in mind, General Yi already had a faint plan in his heart.

At that moment, a voice reached his ears. It was the mysterious expert's voice. "As expected of the Blademaster. That boundless sword qi just now truly opened my eyes..."

General Yi frowned tightly. "You already knew who I was, and still dared to be so heavy-handed? Do you really think you can do whatever you want just because you have a bit of strength?"

"My apologies."

The mysterious expert smiled. "It really is because I have strength that I can do whatever I want."

"..."

General Yi's lips twitched. "Don't push me too far..."

This tone, was too arrogant!

He, the grand Blademaster, one of Huaxiu's Ten Generals and a founding father, had actually been brought low in front of some unknown person - this was exceptionally difficult for General Yi to bear.

In the study, when Father Wang saw General Yi's expression change, he hastily said, "Your Excellency, how about we invite General Yi in?" To be honest, Father Wang really found General Yi a little pitiful...

But the head of state chuckled playfully. "Brother Situ, see how interesting Little Yiyi is? I haven't played enough..."

Father Wang: "..."

"I've always wanted to know the truth about the inheritance of Boundless Sword Dao. Brother Situ, aren't you curious about this?" The head of state said, "I understand that this involves the secret of Boundless Sword Dao, and the reason Little Yiyi isn't willing to tell me about it is also because he's following his shifu's command. But the truth is that I've always been puzzled about Fan Rui's last words."

"Does Your Excellency think that Sword Immortal still had hidden secrets?"

"That's right." The head of state nodded. "Even though he chose to die to enlighten his stubborn disciple, I've always felt that there was still an ulterior motive..."

...

And so, a few minutes later, the head of state negotiated with General Yi, who was standing outside the villa.

"Would you be willing to trade a secret in exchange for knowing my identity?"

As soon as the head of state said this, Father Wang instantly knew that he was starting to play tricks again...

"Hehe." General Yi said, "If I want to investigate you..."

The head of state wasn't afraid at all, and chuckled. "If you can find out who I am, would you still need to go to all this trouble? I can promise you that as long as I want to, you'll never learn my identity..."

General Yi was cut to the quick, because it was true. Until now, he had only heard the voice of the mysterious person inside this villa and hadn't seen his face; even in battle, the other party had had the upper hand.

He was at a complete disadvantage in this situation...

And if they clashed again later, he would probably be thrashed given his current lack of spirit energy.

Thinking this, General Yi sighed and said, "How can I be sure that you're not lying?"

General Yi thought the most important thing right now was still to find out more about this "mysterious expert."

"I swear on Heavenly Dao that everything I've said is true. If even just a little bit of it is a lie, I'll be unlucky forever!"

Hearing this, General Yi was dazed. "..."

It turned out that this was a tough guy!

General Yi: "What secret of mine do you want to know?"

The head of state said, "I want to know why Sword Immortal passed the Boundless Sword Dao on to you back then?"

"That's it?"

"That's it!"

"Hehe, I was wondering what it was..."

The head of state cocked an eyebrow. "So, you're willing to tell me?"

"It's just a small thing."

General Yi waved his hand. "Back then I was too thin-skinned to say it, so I told the outside world that it was a secret... But now I've already stopped being afraid! It won't hurt for you to know, I'll tell you!"

General Yi said, "A crucial factor is that the successor of Boundless Sword Dao has to be pure."

The head of state: "So?"

General Yi: "So, this old man is a virgin!!! Understand?"

The head of state: "..."

Father Wang: "..."





Chapter 703 Summer Assignment


It could be said that General Yi's answer was unexpected, but it also made sense...

In fact, given this explanation, the head of state immediately realized that many things about General Yi which he hadn't understood before could now be explained. No wonder when he recommended before that General Yi participate in the program "If You Are The One" to look for a partner, General Yi had adamantly refused... It turned out that he wanted to continue perfectly with the Boundless Sword Dao...

After confessing his "secret," General Yi chuckled, his face triumphant as he stood at the door of the villa. "Excuse me, Your Excellency, shouldn't you come out now? And clearly explain your own identity while you're at it. This is part of our agreement."

On the other side, the head of state was already standing behind the door. "Open the door..."

"..."

General Yi straightened his clothes, floated over, and opened the door.

The result was that he was utterly gobsmacked by the person standing in front of him.

H- H- Hea... Head of state?

Really...

It turned out that the person in the dark whom he had come to blows with was the head of state!

General Yi immediately felt like there was blood lodged in the pit of his stomach which he couldn't spit out...

- Wait, was it because he had opened the door the wrong way?

General Yi slammed the door shut, and then opened it again.

Okay, it was confirmed that this person was without any doubt the head of state himself...

It was impossible for him to be an impostor; General Yi was very familiar with the head of state's aura.

"Leader, why are you here?" General Yi straightened almost instantly and even stopped floating as both his feet directly touched the ground. He scratched the back of his head, an awkward expression on his face.

Not far away, the driver in the car and the people in the supply van behind him were shocked when they saw this. From this angle, they couldn't see exactly who was standing inside the door... But there really weren't many people who could make General Yi talk to them with both his feet on the ground!

The head of state chuckled. "It's a long story, let's go in and have a chat."

General Yi nodded weakly. "Alright, Your Excellency... also, the matter just now..."

"Don't worry, it won't go any further than this villa." The head of state said, "Also, I have to apologize. This time, I took the opportunity to secretly feel out Little Yiyi; I even had doubts about you before..."

"What sort of doubts did Your Excellency have?" Hearing these words, General Yi couldn't help breaking into a cold sweat.

"Before, I introduced you to so many pretty old ladies, but you didn't like any of them... Actually, I've always wondered if there was a problem with your orientation."

"..."

"But after feeling you out just now, it seems that you accepted this compromise for the sake of abiding by your shifu's command." Saying this, the head of state patted General Yi on the shoulder and sighed deeply. "Little Yiyi, holding back all these years has been hard on you!"

Hearing this sentence, tears welled up in General Yi's eyes despite himself.

...

In the afternoon, it was Teacher Pan's chemistry class. Because Teacher Pan had asked for leave today, Lao Gudong would be taking over this period.

However, Lao Gudong didn't use this opportunity to give a history lesson because he had already worked out his class schedule. He preferred to go at his own pace and wouldn't take over extra class time. For this sudden surplus of time, Lao Gudong would talk about something else.

It so happened that the summer camp and the final exams were coming up, so he could spend the extra time talking about these two matters.

After the final exams were the holidays and then the second semester.

And it was only at this time that a lot of people realized: in the blink of an eye, there was only a semester left of Grade One...

The trials of Grade Two were imminent.

Life in Grade Two would be much more tiring compared with Grade One. If you wanted to relax in Grade Three, it was very important to lay a good foundation in Grade Two. And most important of all, students would be streamed into different classes in Grade Two according to their results in the final exams.

Almost every year, there would be students from the elite classes who would be replaced by some students from the normal or even remedial classes due to their poor grades in Grade One. While this rarely happened, it would be absolutely disgraceful to be demoted from an elite class.

One elbow propped up on the lectern, Lao Gudong said very meaningfully, "Actually, the grades in our class are pretty stable, and there isn't one especially poor kid, although Old Pan said that you were the worst class she ever had, at the start of school."

Everyone: "..."

Speaking up to this point, Lao Gudong changed the subject. "Of course, the most stable person in our class is Student Wang Ling, who had just had a narrow escape."

A lot of people couldn't help turning to look at Wang Ling.

Wang Ling: "..."

Lao Gudong: "Student Wang Ling's grades are almost always in the middle every time; if he's not ranked seventh, then he's eighth. One word: stable! Teacher Pan has also given Student Wang Ling a nickname in the office: Wang Wenjian1."

1(Wang Wenjian is a live stream gamer. "Wen" 稳 also means "steady.") Wang Ling: "..."

"Actually, as long as everyone can demonstrate a steady level like Wang Ling in the Grade Two entrance exam... no one will be transferred out." When Lao Gudong said this, he even teased slightly, "If a student comes to my snack kiosk to buy something after being transferred out, I'll give him a fifty percent discount."

When he said this, all the students looking at him in the class roared with laughter.

Of course, it was still a little early to talk about this subject. After all, there was still one more semester to go. If someone who hadn't worked hard in the first semester made the most of the second semester and did their best, everyone could still happily be together in Grade Two.

After that, Lao Gudong quickly switched to a mundane topic: the summer assignment.

Lao Gudong slowly opened his mouth. "This year's summer assignment is a little difficult, but I believe that everyone will definitely be able to complete it."

Of course, the summer assignment Lao Gudong was talking about was more than just about doing homework... The summer homework at Foundation Establishment high schools were nothing like those at regular high schools. Based on the experiences of Number 60 High senior graduates from previous years, the summer assignment basically involved students forming small groups to come up with research topics related to cultivation and perform experiments.

Thus, when Lao Gudong said this, everyone basically had some idea in their hearts already.

It was just that this year's summer assignment wasn't anything as simple as a mere research topic...

"Considering how much more rampant criminals have become recently, all our Number 60 High teachers voted and have decided to set this year's summer assignment as: developing a killing technique. This is an individual research project, not to be carried out in groups. Simply put, you'll be designing a killing move for yourself..." Saying this, Lao Gudong narrowed his eyes enigmatically.

Hearing this, Wang Ling stared at his own palm, lost in deep thought...





Chapter 704 The Method for Refining a Killing Technique


"Originally, this project is usually carried out in Grade Two, but taking all factors into consideration, we decided to bring this project forward to raise your defensive abilities to some extent."

Lao Gudong said, "So this summer, you must combine your spiritual root attribute with spells you're good at in order to design for yourselves a killing technique for survival."

Special training in killing techniques was an additional exam in senior high that was compulsory for students to complete. Furthermore, the marks would be added to the overall grade for the college entrance exam, accounting for five percent of the total score. It might seem like a very small portion, but this five percent was often the key element in the cultivation college entrance exam!

What was the saying? Cultivators taking the college entrance exam was like all the king's horses and all the king's men crowding a footbridge... There were times when people couldn't get into the university they idolized because of a few marks.

But Wang Ling didn't care whether or not he could get into a university he idolized; he just wanted to find a university where he could live a smooth and stable life...

Because killing techniques were linked to the college entrance exam, Lao Gudong's expression turned a lot more serious. "You can start conceptualizing your killing technique during the summer camp this time. At your current stage, a killing technique doesn't necessarily mean a skill with tremendous power. Hence, we will assess your killing techniques this time based on their holistic integration of the three aspects of skill, survival, and power."

After Lao Gudong said this, there was instantly a hubbub of discussion in the classroom. Innovating spells was very sophisticated learning, and designing a killing spell for your own use wasn't an easy task. For now, a killing spell at senior high level permitted students to use the underlying operational theory of other spells as reference.

There were two issues that needed to be taken into account.

One was spiritual root.

How powerful a spell was largely depended on the spiritual root attribute.

For example, those with the fire spiritual root were naturally strong. Those who had the water spiritual root had a strong self-healing and recovery ability, and those with the wood spiritual root had a natural advantage in Attack Power. Those who had the earth spiritual root had a greatly enhanced sense of nature, while the metal spiritual root represented a stable defensive ability.

A lot of people actually did understand this concept.

Thus, the most appropriate approach in choosing spells to learn was to select those that were more compatible with your spiritual root.

Of course, the Three Thousand Great Dao transcended the five elements.

As soon as Lao Gudong brought this matter up, Wang Ling started to ponder how on earth he was going to design a spell that looked low-key and unassuming, which was an enormously difficult problem for him.

"Since everyone has different spiritual root attributes, the school will arrange for all of you to take a combined test before the summer camp officially begins. You'll be able to clearly see the distribution of the five elements in your bodies."

At that moment, Lao Gudong brought up another point, and that was the distribution of the five spiritual roots.

People with a single spiritual root were naturally more sought after, because they could straightaway focus on one attribute to cultivate. The rest were those with double spiritual roots, three spiritual roots and even four spiritual roots as well as five spiritual roots... If you had only two spiritual roots, that was still alright. The scariest was if you had all five spiritual roots jumbled together, with none being more prominent than the other.

Wang Ling himself had the five spiritual roots, but they weren't a random mix...

He had five innate and consummate spiritual roots! That meant he could freely adjust the distribution of the five elements in his body to achieve the outcome he wanted.

This was actually an advantage in Wang Ling's opinion, because it gave him a wide range of spells to choose from.

Generally speaking, the least conspicuous attribute was metal.

This spiritual root had the color symbolic of defense. Most metal-type spells basically emphasized defense.

While Wang Ling was mulling this, Lao Gudong lifted his hand to send out a stack of pamphlets.

"What's this?" someone asked.

"Although it isn't as difficult as designing an original spell, borrowing the operational theory of other spells to design your killing move also isn't easy. This pamphlet contains your seniors' design ideas for their killing techniques."

Lao Gudong smiled. "The best grade a Number 60 High graduate has ever achieved is S-rank, which is equivalent to nearly two hundred marks."

"Two hundred? Why so much?" Su Xiao exclaimed.

"Because the design of this killing technique was relatively complete. First was the skill component. This male senior made full use of the properties of his fire spiritual root and combined three fire spells together to create a spell called 'Dead Sea of Dry Fire.' He scored very high in terms of skill.

"Next were the survival and power components. In terms of survival, this spell could effectively cut off an enemy attack and turn into thick smoke that could ward against regular sight spells. As for the final power component, after combining three types of fire spells together, plus the fact that this senior himself was a cultivator with a fire spiritual root, he directly obtained full marks."

Su Xiao added up the marks roughly and then scratched his head. "Teacher, that isn't right. Even after counting... It can't be two hundred marks..."

"Of course, the reason why this senior could obtain such a high grade was actually because he had been given additional marks. Because at that time, this senior's spell design was plagiarized by a student from another school. In the end, the headmaster approved the decision to give this senior additional marks as consolation," Lao Gudong explained.

"Someone would actually steal this?" The students were shocked.

"This society is a lot more complicated than you think..."

The corners of Lao Gudong's mouth curled up. "The student who plagiarized the design had the surname Li, and was called Li Yuanjie 1 . You should be able to look him up online. Based on your senior's design idea, this Student Li swapped the order of the three spells used in 'Dead Sea of Dry Fire' and designed a spell called 'Sorrow of Leaving Fire'..."

1(The Chinese singer accused of plagiarizing famous songs to create what he claimed was original work.) "..."

"But it was a pity that this Student Li Yuanjie wasn't a good learner. He didn't understand the spell's fundamental principle at all. We ultimately wanted students to design and create spells based on the operational theory of existing spells. But this Student Li Yuanjie just swapped the order of the three original spells, and copied everything else. In the end, this 'Sorrow of Leaving Fire' which he designed was neither here nor there, and was full of holes."

"..."

"So, I want to remind all of you here, you have to use your own brain and hands to design your killing technique. Don't plagiarize other people's work, and at the same time, you have to protect your own work. Hm... I heard that this Student Li Yuanjie switched to a foreign name, and is still using this method after graduation to brag and swindle people outside, by claiming that he's a mage who has original spells."

"A foreign name?"

"That's right."

Lao Gudong nodded. "His name is Li Ghost Cut 2 Yuanjie..."

2(The nickname people have given him in real life..) "..."





Chapter 705 Shock! Wang Ling's Killing Technique Is...


Nowadays, there were too many shameless people to count... Wang Ling was already used to it, like that Dean from Shadow Fool Guild who had stolen Father Wang's song a few days ago. Wang Ling heard that the guy was already halfway to his doom. Rather than directly crush him, Father Wang had chosen to "boil the frog" and thoroughly discredit him.

In the magic circle, original spells and derivative spells, as well as plagiarizing and stealing spells, had always been a focus. To take the "cultivation forum" which Lord Thunder ran as an example, there were a lot of posts on the forum every day asking people to check whether certain spells were identical or not.

The most difficult part of any new spell was the operational theory. Once you had the theory, you experimented with it step by step to convert it into a working formula. The birth of an original spell could take a cultivator hundreds or even thousands of years. Of course, there were some extraordinarily talented people who could complete their research in decades, but in the end, they were a small minority.

After the new technique was complete, you could submit an application for an original spell copyright with the cultivation skills library on the Huaxiu Alliance website to protect your rights and interests.

After this step, the creator of the new spell could subsequently make money in the form of authorized dividend sales in online cultivator's skills stores like the ones Er Ha had visited previously.

In the case of a derivative spell, the underlying operational theory of one or more spells were modified. The killing techniques which they had to complete designs for this time were precisely derivative spells.

In terms of copyright, as long as you noted what original art or spell it was derived from, how it worked, and who created it, as well as made sure that the derivative spell wasn't sold commercially, then it wouldn't be a violation of copyright.

Unfortunately, however, there were some people who liked to engage in plagiarism or theft in the current magic circle, flaunting themselves as mages with original spells and showing off and swindling people left and right.

Wang Ling believed that there were more and more spell copyright disputes nowadays largely because of the utilitarian hearts of modern cultivators.

These days, fewer and fewer cultivators were willing to devote themselves to properly developing spells. A lot of them had started to become fickle and impatient. In today's relatively peaceful cultivation era, without the uproar and clashes between warring tribes and sects, more and more cultivators were obsessed with making money, even not scrupling to use some dirty tricks.

Currently, it was also a big problem trying to determine whether an original spell had been plagiarized or not. This was because there were still too few professional spell infringement experts, and the relevant system had yet to be perfected.

Wang Ling had in fact noticed this problem a long time ago, but so far there hadn't been an effective way to solve it.

Nonetheless, the spells anti-plagiarism movement had started to gain momentum among cultivators in recent years.

And the truth was that all spells evolved out of the Three Thousand Great Dao.

It was possible that some of the most sought-after top-level spells were just a small branch of the Three Thousand Great Dao.

But Wang Ling didn't have the heart to reveal this, because even if he did, there wouldn't necessarily be anyone who would listen.

He could tell them, but there was no point...

In the afternoon after school, several boys in the classroom took out their cell phones and set up a discussion group to discuss their plans for their killing techniques.

For one thing, they had already studied together for a semester, and knew each other quite well. But in some other sense, if you weren't an especially talented person and you had to design a spell at senior high level... It was just more logical and efficient to discuss it in a group together.

While Guo Hao, Chen Chao and Su Xiao were setting up the group, Guo Hao turned to look at Wang Ling. "Wang Ling, why are you spacing out? Join the group!"

"..."

Wang Ling thought for a bit, and in the end still took out his phone.

It couldn't be helped. This was a product of his surrounding environment; if he didn't join the group and he completed his spell on his own, he would likely become the focus of attention again.

But honestly speaking, even though Wang Ling had such a wide range of spells to choose from, he hadn't really thought about which spell would be right for him... For now, he only had a general direction — the best would be to use the least conspicuous metal spell as the primary base.

So Wang Ling joined the group...

He was pretty curious to hear the constructive suggestions of this group of people.

Guo Hao's thinking was very clear-cut as he held his phone and said with a sage expression, "The exact plan is like this: everyone put your spiritual root attribute in front of your username in the group. It's fine if you don't know what yours is yet; in any case, the school will test us for them in a few days."

"And then?" asked Su Xiao.

Guo Hao said firmly, "Draw lots!"

When he heard this, Wang Ling understood what Guo Hao meant. They would draw lots to decide the order of spell research. They would pool their knowledge together to help one person complete a general design of their killing technique first before moving on to help the person next in line improve on theirs. This was actually a pretty fair way of doing things!

After speaking, Guo Hao opened a lottery app. Each time you clicked on it, it would give you a random number between 1 and 4.

The first one to draw a number was Su Xiao, who got a 4.

Guo Hao was 2.

Chen Chao was 3...

Hm... the person who got 1, was Wang Ling.

Wang Ling: "..."

"Alright, Wang Ling is number one. Let's help Wang Ling think of something first," Guo Hao said.

To be honest, Chen Chao was a little surprised. He didn't expect Wang Ling's spiritual root to have the relatively conservative metal attribute. Wasn't there a saying... silence is golden?

Su Xiao lowered his head and thought for a moment before he said, "Usually, spells that are a better fit for the metal attribute can use the fire element as a secondary spell. Classmate Wang Ling can choose a metal spell as the primary spell and combine it with a fire spell as a secondary one."

Guo Hao: "But if we take metal as the primary element, it doesn't seem like there are a lot of spells to choose from. The main thing is that we currently still don't know which metal spells Wang Ling has mastered."

"That isn't a problem." Chen Chao gave a different opinion. "Even if Wang Ling can't do metal spells, he can start learning now. Right now we are at the design stage, and it's still way early before the formal evaluation in Grade Two. There's plenty of time to master it!"

"True!" Guo Hao nodded. "In that case, let's check. My uncle's company developed an app that can help you find the spells most compatible for you from the skills library."

Wang Ling listened very seriously to everyone else's analysis and moved closer when Guo Hao opened the compatibility app.

After Guo Hao filled in various fields in the questionnaire like height, weight, realm, spiritual root attribute, everyday personality and so on, the software automatically recommended the following skills...

Level two spell "Free Golden Monkey": A metal enhancement spell. A body spell primarily for strengthening the four limbs so that they become the limbs of the golden monkey. When the spell is in use, speed and agility are greatly enhanced, making it easier to escape for your life1!

1(From "Journey to the West: Conquering the Demons Magic Scroll," "Journey to the West: Conquering the Demons" is a 2013 fantasy comedy film.) Level two spell "Tianpeng's2 Metal Breaking Roar": A metal sound wave spell. Bolsters the vocal cords to release a powerful roar that can break metal and split stone. Causes temporary dizziness in the other party, making it easier to escape for your life3!

2(Marshal Tianpeng, also known as Zhu Bajie, is a pig-like character and part of the main cast in "Journey to the West.") 3(From "Journey to the West: Conquering the Demons Magic Scroll") Chen Chao shook his head when he looked at this spell. "This one won't work! Wang Ling hardly talks..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Guo Hao: "Don't worry, keep reading! There's also a secondary fire spell! If these three spells are combined together, it might not necessarily turn out to be a sound wave spell!"

With a "mm," Wang Ling continued reading...

The third recommended spell — Level one spell "Fire Beacon to the Skies": A fire barrier spell. Uses spirit energy as a medium to set the air aflame. Creates a tremendous amount of smoke, and used when escaping for your life4!

4(From "Zhurong Spiritual Scroll," 'Zhurong' translates to 'God of Fire.') Wang Ling: "..."

Su Xiao: "Why are they all for escaping?"

"This is the limitation of metal spells; most of them are defensive spells to begin with." Guo Hao sighed.

"Yeah!" Chen Chao nodded and said, "But I think after combining them together, the new name will sound pretty good!"

"What will it be called?"

"Fire Beacons Trick Pig and Monkey5!"

5(The Chinese homonym of this phrase translates to 'Fire Beacons Trick the Feudal Princes,' which is the pseudonym of a Chinese web author.) "..."





Chapter 706 Xiao Yin's Skin!


These two days, there was one more person at Lord Thunder's villa.

It was the human form of the Wuji Umbrella's weapon spirit, a young lady called Wuji.

In theory, weapon spirits didn't need to eat, but Lord Thunder was happy that Wuji was very fond of eating broccoli.

It was July 27th on the fourteenth Thursday of the semester.

Wuji was perfectly content as she ate two full basins of assorted broccoli salad. Her face all wrapped up in bandages, she would only remove the lower half when she ate. Despite the fact that they didn't know what she actually looked like, it was easy to tell, just from the lower half of her face, that Wuji was a very pretty girl.

"Are the other holy beasts truly no more?" Xiao Yin cupped his chin and gazed fixedly at Wuji.

Heaving a sigh, she put down the fork she was using to eat the broccoli with. "That is the three hundredth and second time you've asked this question in two days. The one thing I am very sure of is that since my creation, you are the only living holy beast I've ever sensed."

"Maybe you overlooked something?"

"No way." Young lady Wuji quickly shook her head like a rattle-drum. "You should know that I'm a spatial magic weapon. After I was created, I traveled with that President Bai all over the place and never sensed the aura of any other holy beast, but when I arrived in Songhai city, I detected Mr Yin's scent!"

Lord Thunder nodded. He believed Wuji's words; although this girl had been a little conflicted when she had first arrived, ultimately she was no match for the ten flame purification spells which Wang Ling had deposited inside the Soul Suppression Ring.

Wuji had had a taste of Wang Ling's strength and was afraid of possible consequences...

Although she didn't know what this flame purification was, it sounded really scary!

If she was touched even a little by this thing, would she be utterly annihilated?

Thus, when Wuji spoke, her gaze never once strayed from Lord Thunder's ring.

In this situation, it was even less likely that she would lie.

Of course, in the face of Xiao Yin's repeated inquiries these two days, it actually wasn't as if Lord Thunder couldn't understand him.

Xiao Yin was very innocent by nature. Initially, he had held on to the faint fantasy that even if there was only one other holy beast left in the world, the holy beasts in some sense couldn't be considered truly extinct...

But now, faced with this cruel reality, Xiao Yin truly found it a little hard to accept.

Hence why he kept asking Wuji the same question.

After thinking for a while, Wuji finally said to Xiao Yin, "Mr Yin, of course you don't have to be too discouraged. There are some places I cannot search, like the demon world, or outer space... If there are remaining holy beasts that have fled to the demon world or left Earth, I won't be able to detect them."

Although these words were actually meant to comfort Xiao Yin, after Wuji said them, she felt even more sorry for him...

"Then the truth of the holy beasts going extinct back then - was it really President Bai who caused it?" asked Lord Thunder.

Wuji nodded. "That's right, he was the ringleader! But I don't know very much about it, since I was created after that massacre."

And the person who had created her was none other than that Elder Ji Xing.

"What a shame, I was young and didn't know anything, so I was under their thumb!" Saying this, Wuji clenched her teeth in resentment.

Lord Thunder: "..."

"Of course, if I can expand my detection range, I might be able to search some other places. Also, I have a very strong feeling." When she said this, Wuji revealed an enigmatic expression. "I think that there's definitely a secret inside Beast King's Remains. If you want me to do another search... the demon world, Beast King's Remains, beyond the Milky Way - I can search all these places. If I can move up a level, my detection range will be able to cover a whole planet!"

The corner of Lord Thunder's lips twitched. "Beyond the Milky Way...?"

That was an endless place...

Even if Wuji's detection range could be upgraded to cover an entire planet, there were trillions of planets outside the Milky Way; it would be dead impossible to go over all of them!

This was a pretty ridiculous idea. In contrast, Lord Thunder thought it would be easier to look for clues in Devil Valley.

It was when Devil King had been sleeping back then that it had been stewed and turned into a pot of meat broth...

Of course, there wasn't enough evidence to prove that Devil King had truly been stewed to death... But there had been absoluely no sign of Devil King all these years, and it was difficult to differentiate between what was real and what was fake when it came to information on Devil King.

"I have a feeling that there's definitely some secret to do with Devil King in Devil Valley."

Wuji said very earnestly, "I've always had the same dream about Beast King's Remains... Although I couldn't see it very clearly, there's definitely something there! You must believe a woman's intuition!"

Lord Thunder: "..."

Although Wuji was now in the form of a young lady, a weapon spirit's appearance was based on their master's will; the forms that they turned into were the ideal types of the first generation owners.

Lord Thunder: "Wuji... theoretically speaking, weapon spirits don't have genders."

"Impossible!"

Wuji felt the lower part of her body and confirmed her gender again. "I don't have that thing!"

Lord Thunder: "..."

Lord Thunder didn't want to argue about it, and said, "Do you have a way to expand your detection range?"

"Of course!"

Wuji replied, "You should know by now that in order to make me, that insane Bai Zhe collected forty-nine holy beast skins, and was only missing one to complete the set. As long as I have the last one, I can complete my upgrade!"

When she said this, her gaze shifted to Xiao Yin on the side, which sent a chill through him. "Shit... what do you want to do to me?!"

Wuji: "Actually I don't need much... If you cut a bit off, Mr Yin, that'll be enough."

Xiao Yin: "No way! All of my body belongs to Master!"

Lord Thunder: "..."

Wuji threw up her hands. "Then there's no other way. Of course, we can always search for Devil King; the skin of the king of holy beasts is multi-purpose; it'll be fine to mix it in."

Lord Thunder kneaded his brow as he felt his head hurt slightly. He then asked, "As long as it's skin from Xiao Yin's body, it'll do?"

Wuji thought for a second before nodding. "That's right!"

Lord Thunder smiled and looked at Xiao Yin. "Brother Xiao, start scraping your feet from today onwards and collect the skin."

Xiao Yin: "..."

Wuji: "..."





Chapter 707 Heavenly Dao: Why Is It You Again?


It was July 28th on the fourteenth Friday of the semester. Upon returning home from school, Wang Ling hurried to his room.

He was preparing something, and that was the birthday gift which he had planned to give to Wang Ming. Wang Ling had actually already thought about it for so long, but hadn't yet been able to figure out what to give Wang Ming.

Wang Ming's birthday was on Army Day, which was August 1st. It also happened to be the day of the summer camp. The school had organized for them to go to Beast King's Remains, and problems were bound to crop up. Hence, Wang Ling decided to prioritize the birthday gift first before thinking about anything else.

After all, things should be dealt with one by one.

The birthday gift, final exams, the summer camp, the mysterious young girl from the kun's belly who was currently receiving treatment to wake her up at Immortal Toya's place as well as the identity of that mysterious angler behind the scenes... He could only tackle these troublesome issues one by one.

In giving gifts, the best would be to give a person something that was in line with their preferences, but this was the hardest part.

Wang Ling knew that Wang Ming had very high self-esteem, so he had to be careful that his gift didn't touch Wang Ming's bottom line. For example, Wang Ming was obsessed with cultivation, and Wang Ling in fact had plenty of unconventional methods that could help Wang Ming on the path to cultivation. Unfortunately, Wang Ming himself wouldn't accept them at all.

Wang Ling had a vivid memory from a few years back of Wang Ming thumping his chest and solemnly vowing to Wang Ling that sooner or later, he would open his own path.

Although he was muggle-born and just a regular person, he could stand shoulder to shoulder with the top cultivators in the world.

Thus, Wang Ling could basically strike cultivation magic weapons off the list. He had initially planned to forge a permanent defensive artifact for Wang Ming with the three passion stones left over from making the Three Views-Shattering Hammer. But on second thought, he suddenly felt that this wasn't a reliable plan.

Because Wang Ming would definitely prefer to use the rechargeable magic treasure which he had developed himself.

After the incident with Lao Gudong and Shuigou Sect, Wang Ming had re-modified the Heavenly Materials sword, which had previously been taken from the Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu, so that it was even lighter. Furthermore, a single full charge this time would be able to last up to half a month. The crucial point was that the sword could be charged very quickly, and only took four hours to become fully charged.

Apart from that, Wang Ming had also added a device to the sword hilt which displayed the percentage of remaining spirit energy in the sword...

It could be said that Wang Ming had already modified the Heavenly Materials sword for a modern and scientific age of cultivation. The most extraordinary thing was that not only wasn't the sword's functionality reduced, it had even been upgraded.

The Heavenly Materials sword possessed a formidable amount of spirit power to begin with. As long as it struck something, even if it was just a scratch, the spirit power sealed inside it would be instantly released.

During the previous Shuigou Sect incident, Wang Ming had used the Heavenly Materials sword to suppress a Nascent Soul cultivator, who couldn't put up the slightest resistance - this was enough to prove how powerful the sword was.

After all, the Master of Immortal Mansion had poured close to a hundred years' worth of blood and sweat into forging the Heavenly Materials sword; he had even tried to capture Jingke, to pull the sword spirit out and place it inside the Heavenly Materials sword.

Unfortunately, his plan failed.

Because the one shortcoming of the Heavenly Materials sword was that until now, it still lacked a sword spirit.

So when Wang Ling thought about this, he already had an idea.

Compared with giving a magic weapon as a gift, giving a sword spirit really wasn't a bad idea.

Whenever necessary, a sword spirit could act as a bodyguard, and could also dial 120 for Wang Ming at any time. If he accidentally ate Zhai Yin's food one day and couldn't be revived... a sword spirit would definitely be able to save his life!

...

Creating a sword spirit, however, couldn't be done overnight. Furthermore, given the fact that Wang Ming wasn't able to generate his own spirit energy, simply relying on rechargeable spirit energy to spawn a sword spirit was absolutely ludicrous.

But that didn't mean Wang Ming couldn't have his own sword spirit. Many mass-produced, commercial brand spirit swords on the market had pre-installed sword spirits. Some of them were artificially made while some were spawned naturally using industrial methods. As soon as they met the minimum industrial standard, they were taken to be sold through public channels.

Sword spirits produced through industrial methods could be identified at first glance and basically all looked the same. As for sword spirits that were spawned naturally, they would automatically turn into the form their masters most wanted when summoned for the first time.

The concept wasn't that much different to how an artifact spirit was generated, since a sword spirit was a type of artifact spirit to begin with.

In order for the Heavenly Materials sword to produce a sword spirit to help Wang Ming...

This required Wang Ling to arrange something with the Heavenly Dao.

...

This was Wang Ling's third time summoning the Heavenly Dao this month with the equivalent exchange array, which was more than in the whole of the year before.

When Wang Ling had been younger, the Heavenly Dao had been eager to make deals with him.

But now he was very afraid when Wang Ling looked for him...

Of course, the Heavenly Dao was very happy to trade for Wang Ling's handwritten documents -

what he was afraid of was Wang Ling giving him crispy noodle snacks yet again.

The most terrible thing was that whatever Wang Ling used to trade with, the Heavenly Dao couldn't reject it... The core of the array was equivalent exchange, and as the person who summoned the Heavenly Dao, Wang Ling had the right to use whatever he had in an exchange.

Including crispy noodle snacks...

Even if what Wang Ling needed was a little more special, he just needed to give enough crispy noodle snacks in exchange.

When Wang Ling used the array to summon the Heavenly Dao again, its embodiment as the three-inch man was directly dumbfounded. Why is it you again...

The golden three-inch man was silent for a moment; several drops of cold sweat were already trickling down his forehead.

After several minutes, he had to accept reality...

The golden three-inch man: "What... do you want?"

"Sword spirit."

Wang Ling spoke telepathically, his eyes fixed on the golden three-inch man.

"Sword spirit?"

The golden three-inch man was dazed before he asked, "For which sword?"

To the Heavenly Dao, sword spirits actually weren't anything special since they spawned naturally. The most important thing was that all artifact spirits were made from a very small part of the enormous Heavenly Dao system. As long as the golden three-inch man wanted to do so, he could custom-make a sword spirit.

Wang Ling: "It's not my sword, I need you to set this up for me."

The golden three-inch man: "..."

Wang Ling spoke telepathically: "Can't do it?"

The golden three-inch man: "I'm not saying I can't... But if it isn't your sword, this exchange will be a little more costly."

Costly?

Chin in hand, Wang Ling pondered this before his telepathic voice trembled as he said, "How... how many crispy noodle snack packets?"

The golden three-inch man: "..." He knew it!!!





Chapter 708 Ghost Head Blade


A sword spirit couldn't be cultivated overnight. Although the Heavenly Dao could indeed arrange it, getting crispy noodle snacks in exchange was a bit... It had to be said that the Heavenly Dao had no right to refuse whatever Wang Ling used in a trade. Moreover, the Heavenly Dao couldn't give his own opinion! He couldn't say what he did or did not want!

This was the absolute rule of an equivalent trade.

The crucial point was that this young man didn't realize that the other party didn't want crispy noodle snacks at all...

Thus, when Wang Ling took out the entire box of baked gluten-flavored crispy noodle snacks which he had gotten custom-made, the golden three-inch man that was the embodiment of Heavenly Dao suddenly felt like crying but had no tears to shed.

He couldn't be any more sure that when he had first done a transaction with a young Wang Ling... it was his brain that had short-circuited!

This, was the consequence!

The golden three-inch man stared at this box of crispy noodle snacks, took a deep breath, then directly put it away.

Wang Ling's heart ached a little at this scene - he had never expected this birthday gift to actually cost him this box of crispy noodle snacks, which had twenty-four packets inside... Although he had already opened the box, he hadn't even eaten one packet yet.

Wang Ling stared at the Heavenly Dao and sighed.

It was said that Heavenly Dao was heartless, and sure enough, it seemed that there was some truth to it.

"???"

After taking the crispy noodle snacks, the golden three-inch man looked at Wang Ling. "The transaction is complete. Everything will be as you wish: on August 1st of this year, the sword spirit will be placed inside the Heavenly Materials sword as agreed. Whether or not he can summon it, however, will depend on him."

Wang Ling nodded.

The truth was that he had already helped Wang Ming with the most difficult step: creating the sword spirit.

But whether or not Wang Ming could summon it would depend on his own will.

The first summoning of a sword spirit only happened when the owner of the sword needed it the most.

...

Elsewhere, in the overseas customs line at Songhai International Airport.

A blonde and blue-eyed young man with hair combed into a swept-back style and wearing an elegant suit stood on the security check platform with his arms spread as a customs little sister checked along his arms and down his trouser legs for dangerous material.

According to international cultivation flight regulations, cultivators traveling by large magic flight artifacts weren't allowed to carry space storage magic treasures on them. Even pants with independent storage spaces that had been set up in their pockets weren't allowed.

Confirming that the young man didn't have anything in his pants, the customs little sister ran a black metal probe over his body, which didn't detect anything unusual.

"Your checks are so strict." The blonde-haired young man smiled in a genteel way as he followed the customs little sister's instruction and walked through the virus-detection gate.

This was a smart-type virus quarantine magic treasure, initially developed by Huaxiu's Scientific Institute of Cultivation and Magic Treasures, which could detect if overseas cultivators were carrying foreign viruses on them.

When the young man walked through the detection gate, a green light appeared.

The customs staff then stamped the young man's passport and gave it back to him with a smile. "Mr Han Di, have a pleasant stay."

"Thank you." The young man put away the passport and put on a pair of sunglasses.

Han Di.

This was the alias that Night Chief's Second President Dylan was using for the Huaxiu operation.

After passing the security check at customs, President Dylan's anxious heart finally calmed down.

Because of Bai Zhe that useless trash, plus the fact that Beast King's Remains was about to open, Huaxiu nation had now tightened their security checks at customs. If it hadn't been for the fact that someone inside Huaxiu had helped arrange the identity "Han Di" for President Dylan, he might not even have been able to get a visa.

Furthermore, this Han Di identity wasn't fake, and did exist in reality.

When Night Ghost Spirit Emperor had demanded that President Dylan take over the master plan some days ago, the latter had already arranged for someone to prepare a new identity for him.

This Han Di was the chairman of a vaccine enterprise who was of Mixiu descent. He held quite some power, and ran twenty vaccine testing companies. Unfortunately, there had been a huge issue some time ago with the vaccine produced by one of this "Han Di's" companies.

Just like that, President Dylan had seized this opening and taken over his identity.

There actually weren't any problems with that vaccine batch to begin with - it was President Dylan who had dispatched someone to tamper with the vaccine on the production line.

Vaccines were very important drugs. If there was any problem with safety and quality, this Mr Han Di would be held responsible. Once Huaxiu's Food and Drug Administration tracked him down, several billion in compensation wouldn't be considered a lot. Most crucially, it was very possible that he could be sentenced to several hundreds years of playing mahjong with the Old Devil and the others.

Afraid, this Mr Han Di thus willingly agreed to the "escape plan" which President Dylan had offered him, and gave away his identity and absconded to Mixiu nation.

But what this Mr Han Di didn't know was that there were people from Night Chief waiting for him in Huaxiu nation.

For Night Ghost Spirit Emperor, only dead men told no tales.

...

When President Dylan strolled out of the airport, a black military SUV was already parked at the A3 exit.

As he approached the car, the door automatically opened.

When he got into the car, he immediately received an overseas call on his cell phone, and the number was a string of asterisks.

He picked up the call right away.

"Lord Spirit Emperor, I've arrived. Everything went smoothly as planned. And as you expected, Huaxiu has tightened security across the board," said President Dylan.

"Mm, since everything went smoothly, I'm greatly reassured," said Night Ghost Spirit Emperor. "Do you have enough people in Huaxiu?"

"Lord, please rest assured. I used the Dark Network to contact a number of vagrant cultivators for hire this time. Their strength is the real deal. Among them, there's one called Ghost Head Blade." Speaking up to this point, President Dylan narrowed his eyes. The Dark Network he was talking about was the mysterious online network set up by dark forces at home and abroad. As long as one had the means to infiltrate it, they could post ads to hire dark vagrant cultivators.

Given Night Chief's current lack of people in Huaxiu nation, this was the quickest way of rounding up manpower. These dark vagrant cultivators were very expensive to hire, but compared with the master plan, this money was nothing.

"Hm? What is this Ghost Head Blade's background?" Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's interest was peaked.

"This person was Numinous Mother's third disciple - I've already sent someone to verify this. Although he isn't on the list of assassins, he's skilled at stealth, transfiguration and invisibility techniques, and comes and goes like a ghost. I've already dispatched him to investigate the identity of that youngster's older brother."

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor: "You have everything in hand?"

"Lord Spirit Emperor, please rest assured, I am nothing like Bai Zhe that trash." President Dylan curled his lip. "I'll make sure that Ghost Head Blade captures that youngster's older brother alive within the next seven days."

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor was very satisfied with this answer. "Then I will wait for news, President Han Di."





Chapter 709 The Teacher Leading the Team


Ending the call, Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's tight and uneasy frown relaxed a little. His biggest concern had been Huaxiu's customs; if President Dylan had been stopped there, the master plan would definitely be affected. In order to infiltrate the remains this time, timing was a very important factor. It wasn't hard to guess that Huaxiu's higher-ups would definitely be dispatching a lot of experts to defend the remains. If they didn't seize this window of opportunity, the entire plan would become millions of times harder to carry out.

But since President Dylan had made it through customs, Night Ghost Spirit Emperor was vastly relieved.

The only thing that surprised him was the "Ghost Head Blade" whom Dylan had mentioned. He had never heard of an assassin with this name before. And the rumor was that he was actually the third disciple of the legendary ancestral teacher of assassins, Numinous Mother?

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor was extremely curious about this person's identity.

What kind of person was Numinous Mother?

She was an ancestral-level assassin whose two disciples were reportedly that Gorgeous Itinerant and Daoist Taotie. Although what they had learned only scratched the surface, they were already two epic superstars in the world of assassins... So who was this Ghost Head Blade?

In Night Chief's headquarters, Night Ghost Spirit Emperor rested his head on his hand in deep contemplation.

After a while, he raised his head to look at a lab staff member and ask, "Can you help me investigate this Ghost Head Blade's background on the Dark Network?"

"Please wait a moment, Lord Spirit Emperor." This staff member nodded slightly.

A few minutes later, information on "Ghost Head Blade" was printed out and delivered to Night Ghost Spirit Emperor.

After carefully going through the material, his eyes suddenly lit up. So that was it!

...

It was July 31st on the fifteenth Monday of the semester.

Conceived by Huaxiu Alliance, personally endorsed by Secretary Dakang from the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools, and led by the General Administration of 100 Schools, the Beast King's Remains summer camp officially began. Students from the Foundation Establishment high schools selected for the summer camp this time were taken by coach to Peiyuan district's public square.

At ten in the morning, more than a thousand Foundation Establishment students gathered together.

In addition, there were a lot of teachers in white Daoist robes who stood along the sides of the square to maintain order.

These teachers were part of the protection team personally selected by Huaxiu Alliance from different schools across the city, all of whom were wearing the same Daoist robe as arranged by the Alliance.

Their main role on this trip was to ensure the students' safety.

Headmaster Chen, Old Li and Lao Gudong from Number 60 High School were part of this impressive line-up.

Wang Ling heard that Teacher Pan was also supposed to come... but had directly given it up since she had a Grade Three Dao talisman class on at the same time.

Of course, this was just the protection that could be seen on the surface; the Ten Generals of Huaxiu Alliance and the humanoid magic treasure "Head of State Number 001" developed by the Alliance would also be providing protection from the shadows. In addition, President Qi would be giving instructions remotely, and if necessary, the Heavenly E-Satellite could provide backup at any time.

This formidable defense formation looked solid and impregnable, but for some reason, Wang Ling still felt a little uneasy.

He didn't think it would be a very smooth trip.

Not everyone shared Wang Ling's feeling.

A person in line couldn't help taking a photo and was going to show it off in WeChat Moments, but this student's phone was very quickly confiscated by a black-faced teacher in a white robe. "Didn't your teacher tell you that photos are forbidden during this summer camp?"

This red-faced student's head drooped; it was obvious that the school teacher had specially stressed this point.

"Devil Valley" Beast King's Remains was a state-protected secret land to begin with, and in previous years, only teams of experts personally endorsed by Huaxiu Alliance had been allowed to explore and study it. This year, a number of places had been specially opened up for a batch of Grade One students; apart from acting as a cover to fool foreign powers, it was actually also a trial run by the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools this time.

For many students nowadays, there were some things that couldn't be learned in the classroom.

Thus, this was indeed a rare cultivation opportunity. However, as the teachers had explained before the students had set out, they could only use their eyes to observe, their ears to listen, their hearts to feel and their heads to remember everything about this secret land - they weren't allowed to make public anything about it in the outside world.

But it was very clear that not all the students were honest people...

After confiscating the first cell phone, this teacher then asked repeatedly, "Is anyone else carrying electronic gadgets on them? Hand them over."

The whole scene was instantly silent.

After a long while, this teacher smiled slightly before taking out a U-shaped magnet from inside the lapel of his robe and tossing it into the sky.

All the electronic gadgets which the students in line had on them such as cell phones, wristwatches, MP3 players and tablets were drawn out by the magnet...

After confiscating these electronic gadgets, this teacher continued to organize the rows like nothing had happened.

The other teachers all looked like they were used to it. Among lead teachers like these, there would always be one who was the bad cop. It was clear that in order to handle this bunch of Grade One students as well as those that had "rebellious" written all over them, the teachers had already made preparations early on.

"So strict?" Chen Chao was stupefied, since his cell phone had been one of the "victims."

"Serves you right, I already told you not to bring it." Guo Hao's expression was one of incredible foresight. "Before the trip, I sounded things out from my uncle - this time, quite a few of the teachers leading us were transferred over from Jinghua city. That bad cop just now is one of them! Do you know Tianshi Imperial High School?

These words caught Wang Ling's attention, because Tianshi Imperial High was where Fang Xing had studied before transferring to Number 60 High.

Back then, after Immortal She Pi's execution, Fang Xing had been directly sent to Tianshi Imperial High to study, and he grew up there. This was an aristocratic school on the surface, but to Wang Ling's knowledge, just because you had money didn't necessarily mean you could get into the school.

The students there weren't simple, nor were the teachers.

Furthermore, most of the core members of that Society of Saints, which had previously been recruiting Foundation Establishment elites nationwide, were from Tianshi Imperial High.

After ten minutes or so, the thousand-over students had been sorted by the teachers into several dozen square formations according to gender, height and school. It looked highly organized, and felt like a contingent of the three armed services. A teacher stood in front of each of the formations that they would be leading.

Sun Rong and Lin Xiaoyu were in the formation next to Wang Ling's and were led by Lao Gudong.

At first glance, Wang Ling realized that his formation was the only one that didn't have a teacher standing in front of it.

Could it be that they hadn't been allocated a teacher yet?

While he was puzzling over this, he saw a familiar black car slowly come to a halt at a distance next to the public square.

The moment Zhai Yin got out of the driver's seat, it was as if Wang Ling realized something.

And as expected...

He saw a dumbass wearing a white coat pass through the crowd to reach them.

Wang Ming grinned and laughed shamelessly. "Hello, everyone! I'll be the teacher leading you, Lao Gudong Xiaoer! Just call me Big Brother Daidai 1 !"

1('Dai' is the Chinese word here for 'lead..') Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 710 Injecting Antibodies


As part of the research team, Wang Ming's participation in this trip was a sheer coincidence. Also, Head of State 001 was in the experimental stage, so if any problems cropped up during its operation, Wang Ming could promptly make adjustments; he also had the emergency brake button for Head of State 001 on him.

In addition, President Qi had a long-range brake system in place as an additional safeguard. In an emergency, however, it took time for the system to officially start up once the instruction was given, so it was safer for Wang Ming to carry that brake button on him.

At that moment, Head of State 001 was in fact standing right next to Wang Ming, but was currently in invisible mode. Except for Wang Ling and Fang Xing, no one else could see it.

Head of State 001 was now in alert mode. All the data on every student and teacher on this trip had already been imported into its database. Once a dangerous person showed up, Head of State 001 would automatically take action.

Hence, the reason why Wang Ming had the confidence to act as a lead teacher was because he had Head of State 001.

On the other side, Wang Ling noticed that Zhai Yin had changed into the white Daoist robe that was the uniform which had been custom-made by Huaxiu Alliance, and was the lead teacher for a different formation of students.

Seeing this, Wang Ling was clear as a mirror on the basic details of the situation.

At that moment, Chen Chao suddenly asked, "This Lao Gudong Xiaoer leading us, where have I seen him before? Somehow he seems a little familiar..."

Guo Hao nodded his head. "I also feel that he seems familiar for some reason!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Back during the combined military training for the six schools, Wang Ming had gotten along well with Chen Chao, Guo Hao and the others. After the military training, however, in order to protect his identity, Wang Ming had gotten Wang Ling to wipe their memories of him.

This sense of familiarity was a subconscious sixth sense. Wang Ling's impression of Wang Ming was that he had always been an easygoing person, who was a little more restrained in front of Zhai Yin, but acted very cheekily the rest of the time.

At that moment, more and more people had already congregated in the public square. More than a hundred teachers and a team of research experts would be leading over a thousand Foundation Establishment students in an exploration of Beast King's Remains. A summer camp activity happening at the same time as a research expedition - this was indeed an uncommon event. Also, Wang Ling noticed that there weren't any media crews nearby.

As early as midnight, a curfew had already been imposed on the roads around the square. At that time, Wang Ling had already wondered whether the entrance to Beast King's Remains was going to open in Peiyuan's public square.

Looking at the situation, this was probably the case.

"I never expected so many big shots to enter the remains this time. Since our nation values it so much, do you think the Ten Generals might be sent to protect us? Are the remains that dangerous?" Chen Chao asked curiously.

Wang Ling: "..."

"I looked it up before, and Devil Valley Beast King's Remains is the tomb which Devil King built for itself. But the rumor is that Devil King was turned into stew while it was sleeping. Of course, this is all hearsay, and there's no concrete evidence for it."

Guo Hao said, "But to decorate its tomb back then, Beast King grew numerous precious natural resources in Devil Valley. This is why some extinct natural resources still exist in the valley. As for whether or not Devil Valley is dangerous, I heard that it shouldn't be, since there are no signs of any living creatures there - for now, we can perhaps treat it as a botanical garden?"

The corner of Wang Ling's mouth twitched when he heard this.

What damn botanical garden...

Just because there weren't any living creatures in Beast King's Remains didn't mean that it wasn't dangerous. After all, it was possible that a small proportion of the plant life had gained enlightenment through cultivation and could attack people. In addition, some of these extinct resources were extremely poisonous, which was something everyone had to be mindful about.

Apart from that, Devil Valley's natural environment was itself hugely dangerous.

And the most dangerous part was entering and exiting the valley.

There wasn't a special fixed time when Devil Valley opened; usually, it was the government that would detect fluctuations from the secret land's entrance, and make arrangements in advance for entering and exiting the valley.

So during this operation, it was very important to follow the lead teachers' instructions the entire time. Although it was a summer camp, the majority of the students couldn't go overboard in their antics. Otherwise, if they wandered off from the group and got trapped alone in the valley, they would be risking their lives.

Thus, many of the students listening to Guo Hao's detailed analysis on the side couldn't help feeling a little nervous. When all was said and done, they were only at the Foundation Establishment stage, and most of them had yet to experience much of the world. If they really had to fight, there was no way they could match pros in terms of actual combat training, even if there were training classes for real combat in high school.

Battle courses were only offered at progressive levels in university.

Depending on what their strong points were, each person could choose a different major, whether it was the specialized cultivation of a particular weapon or of spells and so forth.

Given today's era of peace, the education council had grown stricter over the years when it came to the teaching of battle skills.

Wang Ling had heard that a "battle qualification certificate" would be officially put out next year. Except for special circumstances in which one was saving lives, only certified cultivators would have the right to fight in urban areas, otherwise it would be considered breaking the law. In the future, schools would organize a qualification exam every year for the students, depending on the demand for it, but whether or not the students could obtain the certificate was a different story.

If they managed to obtain this certificate, it would be a plus in their favor, just like any other marketable skill, when they looked for jobs in the future.

"As long as you follow the teacher leading your formation and don't act on your own, there won't be any especially big problems," one of the teachers told all the students at that moment.

Everyone was blank; what did he mean by "no especially big problems"... That was to say, there definitely were going to be problems!

Not long after Wang Ming arrived, a dozen or so ambulances with sirens flashing drove up to the side of the square around ten minutes later.

"Lao Gudong Xiaoer, what's this?" Su Xiao asked Wang Ming at that moment.

"It's hazardous inside the remains, so we've arranged for everyone to get an antibody vaccination. Before entering the remains, you'll be injected with a universal antibody, so even if you touch a poisonous plant by accident, ninety-five percent of the toxin in your body will be neutralized," explained Wang Ming.

"Antibody? Produced by which company?" Sun Rong was quite familiar with the pharmaceutical field. Standing in the neighboring formation, she couldn't help asking the question when she heard Wang Ming's explanation.

"Don't worry, this is a genuine company which follows regulations."

Wang Ming quickly replied, "This time, Huaxiu Alliance looked for a genuine partner to collaborate with. That unscrupulous Gao Junfang whose Changchun Biotechnology company produced substandard vaccines was punished 1 not long ago. The Cultivation Court sentenced her to lifetime imprisonment and she has to use up all the fake drugs she created herself."

1(An allusion to a real case..) Everyone: "..."





Chapter 711 Songhai Prison's Mahjong Squad


A lot of medical personnel carrying briefcases came down from the ambulances. There were fully sixty people. The vaccinations proceeded in a thorough and methodical way. These medical personnel also wore uniforms designated by Huaxiu Alliance, the Alliance logo printed on the white coats.

It wasn't just the students, but everyone had to be vaccinated, including the team of experts who would be entering the remains as well as the teachers leading the students.

This was because an accident had befallen an expert in Beast King's Remains previously. Although he came out of it alive in the end, he wasn't treated in time, and the toxin invaded his spine, directly paralyzing his lower half.

Thus, an antibody vaccination had become a prerequisite for entering Devil Valley.

...

Not long after the ambulances showed up, Zhuo Yi, Director of the General Administration of 100 Schools in Songhai city, also arrived on the scene.

Once he got out of the car, Zhuo Yi promptly approached a young man with a fresh crew cut next to the public square and held out his hand. "Thank you for your immense support this time, President Han Di! We don't have that much stock of the universal antibody vaccine in Songhai city. If it wasn't for your support, we really wouldn't know what to do this time."

"I just want to support our country's research development! For the country to develop, we need to rely on this new generation. I look forward to their futures!" President Han Di wore a patriotic smile as he gazed at the thousand-plus students in the square.

Finally, he fixed his eyes on Wang Ming. "I never expected such a young scholar to be part of our country's research team."

Zhuo Yi smiled. "There are geniuses in each generation, who will dominate for centuries to come1."

1(From the poem "On Poetry" by Zhao Yi.) It wasn't appropriate for him to directly reveal Wang Ming's identity.

This President Han Di was also very sensible and didn't continue asking about Wang Ming.

Then President Han Di changed the subject. "Excuse me, Director Zhuo, is the entrance to the remains here?"

"According to the fluctuations we're monitoring, the entrance to the remains will indeed open in this square. If President Han Di is interested, you can watch the opening of the entrance with us. It's supposed to be a spectacular sight. I've also never seen it myself."

"May I?" asked President Han Di.

"Of course." Zhuo Yi smiled.

This smile made President Han Di frown somehow, as he felt that it was a little unreliable!

...

At the same time, at Huaxiu Alliance Building in Jinghua, headquarters of the Huaxiu Alliance of Cultivators.

President Qi moved the cameras in Peiyuan district's public square and an image of Zhuo Yi and President Han Di chatting was directly displayed on the big screen.

"2200, turn the volume up," President Qi instructed the staff member next to him.

"Okay." In the office HQ, a technician in a pitch black uniform used space technology to directly extract just the voices of Zhuo Yi and President Han Di from the noisy environment.

This technician with the work number 2200 had been specially transferred from Magnificent Immortal. The Magnificent Immortal Special Army Brigade was Huaxiu's finest special combat force, which had its own independent tech organization.

The name of this organization was "Old Black," and this 2200 was a veteran who had been transferred from there.

President Qi vaguely remembered that back when Old Black had just been set up, it hadn't had more than ten people. Later, it had come to Magnificent Immortal's attention and was incorporated into the brigade. Who would have thought that after so many years, Old Black would actually expand to thousands of people... Unfortunately, no one knew where that Old Black 001 from back then was now.

Looking at this work number tag, President Qi felt an unexpected sense of loss.

Zhuo Yi and President Han Di's dialog resounded directly in Huaxiu Alliance HQ.

"Why do I feel that there's something strange about President Han Di?" General Yi frowned as he stayed afloat in the air with his hands behind his back.

"The reason is very simple."

President Qi chuckled. "This President Han Di isn't the actual person. The real President Han Di has already been replaced."

"You already knew?" General Yi raised his eyebrows.

"Of course." President Qi said, "If I can't see through even this little trick, I would really be unworthy of my title as Wisdom Saint. But I have to say, the other side's arrangement this time runs very deep. If our customs hadn't flagged the real President Han Di when he went through, I'm afraid that we would still have been in the dark. Moreover, I'm guessing that they may have already seen through our real and fake remains strategy, which is something we couldn't fully guard against. The other side will probably also send people to both the real and fake remains."

General Yi nodded and sighed despite himself.

In a situation where they couldn't be sure which was real and which was fake, sending two teams was the most conservative choice; at the very least, the other party wouldn't make a mistake in their target.

One advantage of this was that the overall battle strength of this foreign force would be halved.

But there was still a very big risk involved, and that was the foreign force might pose a threat to the students entering the remains...

"We also initially prepared a similar scientific research group for the fake remains, but since the other side has dispatched two groups of people, we naturally have to send a fighting force to intercept those who try to enter the fake remains."

"Then... who was sent?"

General Yi was silent. He actually didn't know any of this!

"Some of the Ten Generals have been given the important task of protecting the students, so my plan is to have General Bai take some men over to the fake remains to wipe them out."

"So it's Explosion Saint..."

"That's right. In any case, the remains are fake, so Explosion Saint can act freely - even if everything is destroyed, it won't hurt. In addition, I'm going to have Songhai First Prison let out those people in the special cell to coordinate with General Bai in battle."

"My junior brother as well?"

"Mm."

President Qi nodded. "The head of state has already given his consent on this matter. This is a chance for them to atone for their crimes. Their codename is: Mahjong Squad."

"..."

General Yi: "Then how are we going to handle the real President Han Di?"

"This person has already been detained by customs, but I assume that after this person is released to Mixiu nation, Night Chief may make a big move, and the real President Han Di might very well be exterminated. I've thus already sent a man of ours to disguise himself as President Han Di on the run, and beat them at their own game."

"Night Chief is a ruthless force. It's very risky sending someone over..."

"Of course I know that, so the staff member we've dispatched in disguise this time isn't a person... but Head of State 001."

"Head of State 001? Isn't 001 following the children?"

"That was the original plan, but to counter every move, this is the best option right now."

"You, Old Qi... Are you saying..."

General Yi thought of the implications, which made his scalp turn numb.

"You've guessed right. The Head of State 001 following Wang Ming around now is in fact the head of state himself."

"..."





Chapter 712 Evil Sword God's True Form


To be honest, before the launch of this plan, President Dylan had already sensed something very fishy about this business. Given how strict Huaxiu's customs control had been, how could he enter the perimeter so easily?

There had to be a catch somewhere!

So, roughly a day before the operation...

President Dylan received a lead on the remains.

But according to the information from this lead, although the scheduled opening of the entrance to the remains was in Songhai city, the coordinates were completely different.

"There are actually two remains?" Staring at the intelligence, President Dylan was lost in deep thought.

Sure enough, things weren't as simple as he had thought.

One of these two remains was definitely a decoy.

Next to President Dylan, a young lady in gothic attire with a machete on her back and wearing a white face mask asked in a sharp voice, "Do we need to change the plan?"

This young woman wasn't just anyone, and was none other than the rumored third disciple of Numinous Mother with the Magic Hands: Ghost Head Blade. No one, including President Dylan prior to this, would have thought that Ghost Head Blade's real identity was that of a young lady.

President Dylan pondered, chin in hand. "There's no other way. Right now, we can only divide our group in two. You and I will lead one team to Peiyuan district's public square, and the rest will head to the other remains."

"How will we get in?" Ghost Head Blade asked.

"We'll hide ourselves as part of the medical personnel. To avoid giving the game away, I'll send someone to temporarily replace me as Han Di tomorrow," President Dylan said.

This was a plan within a plan. It sounded foolproof and gave a person a deep sense of security.

"Ghost Head Blade, remember that your task is to capture that person called Wang Ming alive."

The girl folded her arms and said in a grim voice, "I can only do my best not to kill him."

After all, the opponent was just an ordinary person who didn't know any cultivation techniques.

Ghost Head Blade was thus utterly contemptuous of him.

To her, he was nothing but a worm.

...

At around ten in the morning before the start of the activity in the remains, the antibody vaccinations were all done.

Everyone sat in the square and waited for the entrance to the remains to open.

In the square formation of students, Wang Ling stared at Head of State 001 standing motionless beside Wang Ming.

He didn't know if it was an illusion, but it seemed that he had seen Number 001's eyelids flutter just now... To be honest, this was the first time Wang Ling had seen this type of humanoid magic treasure. Although Wang Ming had introduced this new black technology to him before, Wang Ling still thought that it was a little too realistic.

Even a micro expression like the fluttering of eyelids was recreated to the extreme... it could only be said, as expected of something developed by Wang Ming.

Although the overall development of this humanoid magic treasure was the result of everyone's great efforts at Huaxiu's Cultivation Academy of Science, it was Wang Ling who had designed the basic plan of action for the magic treasure.

The most valuable thing of any magic treasure that one could obtain was its original blueprint, like the original blueprint of the Gate Between Worlds which had fallen into Daoist Guang's hands previously. At that time, although Daoist Guang had used it to wipe his ass, he had been unwilling to throw it away. After washing it clean, it was once again a brand new blueprint...

In fact, after Daoist Guang used this original blueprint of the Gate Between Worlds to wipe his ass, its estimated value as a collector's item should have gone up.

After all, this blueprint was once stained with the faeces of a True Immortal!

Just when Wang Ling's mind was running wild...

He suddenly looked up.

He felt the air fluctuate. Although it was very subtle, he still sensed it.

Was the entrance to the remains finally about to open?

Looking up at the sky, Wang Ling noticed it turning dark all of a sudden.

After all, this Devil Valley was Beast King's Remains. Given the king of holy beasts' style, it was completely reasonable for unusual natural phenomena to occur when the entrance to the remains opened.

Furthermore, he didn't know if it was an illusion or not...

But Wang Ling felt like the air was suddenly filled with the aroma of spicy hot pot...

...

Elsewhere, in Border Village Park on Xiling Road, Songhai city. The entire park had been closed for the past few days.

Because Huaxiu Alliance had already set up the entrance to the fake remains here beforehand, all nearby roads were blocked, as with the real remains. There were only a team of experts, a medical team and a guard escort waiting respectfully at the entrance.

In a military van that was being driven directly from Songhai First Prison to Border Village Park sat Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu, Evil Sword God, as well as the Old Devil, who was getting used to a fake body after returning the one he had been in.

Huaxiu's Cultivation Academy of Science had created this fake body, and it was only a while ago that they had helped the Old Devil switch bodies, the original one then returned intact to Jiang Liuyue, the Master of Shadow Stream. This fake body certainly wasn't anywhere as good as the body of an Almighty, but given the current situation, it was already the next best thing.

Of course, a fake body limited the Old Devil's actions to a certain extent, but as the all-powerful and mighty Devil Emperor from back then, there was no need to doubt his battle experience.

In the van, the Old Devil felt his flat chest. To be honest... he was still a little unused to the lack of those two lumps of flesh...

The Old Devil sighed regretfully in his heart, as did the rest of the people in the van.

There were times when you really only understood how important freedom was after you lost it.

Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu gazed at the view outside the window. After being locked up for so long, he found even the little spirit sparrows on the roadside especially beautiful.

"Are, are we really going?" Evil Sword God sat upright and seemed a little nervous. "Killing people, that isn't very good, is it... shifu said, it's wrong..."

The silent black-haired young man next to him was blank at this scene. "Has he always been like this?"

The young man's expression was very grim. He wore flexible black armor that clung to his skin. The most conspicuous things on him were two thick boxing gloves inscribed with a pattern of black flames.

This person was none other than General Bai, who was number one among Huaxiu's Ten Founding Generals and also known as Explosion Saint.

The Old Devil spread his hands helplessly. "Evil Sword God's mental state has been like that ever since he was separated from his sword."

General Bai frowned. He had thought Evil Sword God was faking it, but now it indeed did seem like there was something wrong with his mind. If that was the case, it was extremely possible that he would become a burden once the fighting started.

Resourceful in the face of an emergency, General Bai went online and found a photo from Evil Sword God's arrest — wearing eyeshadow, he looked a little like a shamate chuuni young man.

General Bai then held his phone up and compared the photo with the current Evil Sword God.

General Bai somehow felt that the current Evil Sword God was missing something...

A few seconds later, General Bai finally realized what was wrong and then stretched out one hand to rub around Evil Sword God's eyes.

He used cold fire to burn eyeshadow over both Evil Sword God's eyes!

After that, General Bai took out a mirror. "Chen Nanxuan, look at yourself!"

The moment he saw his reflection, Evil Sword God immediately stood up. "How... How can I be so handsome!

"Be so handsome...

"So handsome...

"Handsome..."

The Old Devil and Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu: "..."

General Bai: "So, is he back to normal?"

The Old Devil: "Probably, but his illness hasn't been cured..."

General Bai: "..."





Chapter 713 Irascible Dharmaraja and Evil Tiger Pounces And Eats Straight Men Cultivators Association


It turned out that the key element wasn't the sword, but the eyeshadow...

Looking at this Evil Sword God who had "suddenly returned to normal" but clearly wasn't fully cured, the Old Devil fell into deep thought.

It was obvious that Evil Sword God had a split personality which only showed up under specific circumstances.

At the same time, General Bai couldn't stop wondering after making this discovery, as an obvious problem had now made itself known.

When Evil Sword God had killed Sword Immortal Fan Rui back then, which personality had done it?

This was a crucial question because it would become a major consideration when Evil Sword God was formally sentenced in the future.

Also, General Bai was suddenly curious about another question...

If eyeshadow was applied to just one of Evil Sword God's eyes... what would happen?

...

Elsewhere, the sky roiled over Peiyuan district's public square.

At that moment, Wang Ling had a very familiar feeling, which was very similar to when the Gate Between Worlds descended six years ago.

"Get ready, everyone!"

That black-faced teacher from Tianshi Imperial High School stood at the very front. Then, spirit light suddenly blossomed in his hand like a lotus, and in its glow, he slowly flew up to the sky inside a multicolored box.

"It's finally here..." At that moment, Lao Gudong looked at the sky.

"Teacher, what's this?" someone asked.

"The Rainbow Glass Box, part of Huaxiu Alliance's repository of magic treasures, which is in the care of Wu Zhenjun, the captain of the teachers this time." Lao Gudong gazed at the dark-faced teacher up ahead, and only then did everyone know the latter's name.

"Teacher Wu's awesome! But where have I heard this surname 'Wu' before?"

"Wu Zhenjun is the son of the famous maestro Irascible Dharmaraja Wu Yifan."

"Lucky Dharmaraja 1 ?"

1(The Chinese words for "irascible" and "lucky" share the same pinyin, "zao hua.") "No, Irascible Dharmaraja."

"..."

"Speaking of the origin of this Daoist name, we have to start with the dispute between Daoist Wu Yifan and Evil Tiger Pounces And Eats Straight Men Cultivators Association 2 ."

2(This is a jab at the online feud between Chinese singer Kris Wu and Chinese media platform Hupu (literal translation: Tiger Pouncing) after a Hupu user posted a video of Wu singing very poorly.) Hearing this, a lot of people knew that Lao Gudong was about to start gossiping yet again...

"Back then, Daoist Wu and Evil Tiger Pounces And Eats Straight Men Cultivators Association dished out dirt on each other. In the end, the Association found an audio recording of Daoist Wu singing in the shower... It was said that listening to the recording could trigger an irascible temper and you couldn't help smashing bowls, both big and round, or wanting to put the flour paste in the bowl on your face 3 !"

3(Excerpts of lyrics from Kris Wu's rap track "Big Bowl Thick Noodle .. ") Everyone: "..."

Wang Ling didn't know if he had seen wrong, but he thought that after Lao Gudong said this, the face of Wu Zhenjun in the sky seemed to grow even darker.

...

"It takes a huge amount of spirit power to power the Rainbow Glass Box, but Wu Zhenjun isn't flushed nor is he gasping for breath - he's truly remarkable." As he introduced this lead teacher, Lao Gudong couldn't help sighing emotionally. "Huaxiu Alliance appointing Teacher Wu as the captain this time truly was the correct decision."

"Hahaha, then how big is the gap between Lao Gudong and this Teacher Wu?" Someone couldn't help laughing.

Generally speaking, the faces of most teachers when asked this sort of question would immediately darken. The thing, however, was that Lao Gudong wasn't afraid at all; wherever you went, a thick skin was always the most important.

Looking at Wu Zhenjun, Lao Gudong couldn't help laughing. "Naturally, I can't compete with Wu Zhenjun. He's amazing, after all!"

Yet another person stirred the pot. "Roughly how many pieces of chalk would you need, to shoot him dead?"

Lao Gudong pretended to think about it, and then replied seriously, "Maybe ten."

Guo Hao: "Haha, Lao Gudong really likes to joke around. Honestly speaking, if they really fought, I feel that Wu Zhenjun would come out on top, except when it comes to weight!"

Chen Chao: "Don't look down on the fatty; who knows, he might be for real!"

Wang Ling: "..."

...

A few minutes later, the Rainbow Glass Box officially did its thing. Floating in the sky, it emitted a beam of light which enveloped all the students, the teachers leading them, the research team as well as the medical personnel in the square.

In the blink of an eye, the dense crowd of people in the square disappeared.

Then, a crack appeared in the sky...

In the cockpit of the Rainbow Glass Box, Wu Zhenjun swiftly flew the box into the crack.

...

"Is this the secret entrance to Devil Valley?" President Han Di, who was next to Zhuo Yi, asked.

Staring into the sky, Zhuo Yi heaved a sigh. "Sir, would you please stop pretending to be President Han Di?"

The fake President Han Di's eyes instantly turned cold.

After a long silence, this fake President Han Di finally tore off the fake skin mask that was on his face. Underneath it was an extremely old and heavily wrinkled face.

"Eighth on the Dark Network's battle strength rankings, and currently the most wanted S-Class target in Huaxiu, Myriad Faces Old Man." Zhuo Yi directly reeled off this fake President Han Di's background and personal information. He gazed at Myriad Faces Old Man and said sternly, "Because of your powerful transfiguration technique, we've never been able to get any leads on you. Who would have thought you would actually deliver yourself to us this time?"

Myriad Faces Old Man's strength lay in the fact that his transfiguration technique could deceive even the most sophisticated transfiguration detection instrument to date. Although he wasn't strong battle-wise, he was a very tricky enemy.

Myriad Faces Old Man frowned. "May I ask, when did Director Zhuo find out?"

"Since the beginning... As for the real President Han Di who's hidden himself in the medical team, oh no, to be exact, it should be Night Chief's Second President Dylan, who has assumed President Han Di's identity, we let him in on purpose," Zhuo Yi replied.

Actually, Zhuo Yi himself hadn't realized it at first... But Wang Ling had been in the public square!

Who could hide from shifu's eyes!

Myriad Faces Old Man: "It appears that Director Zhuo's reputation isn't an empty one, to be able to hold this position."

"Seize him!"

The special duty personnel whom Zhuo Yi had positioned near the public square early on removed their invisibility talismans one after another and rushed forward.

Each of the six special duty personnel was a Nascent Soul expert. They were elites who had been directly dispatched by Huaxiu Alliance HQ to ensure the capture of Myriad Faces Old Man.

Keeping an eye on Myriad Faces Old Man, the six people formed hand seals and worked together to use a repression spell on him.

Myriad Faces Old Man, however, was completely unafraid, and chuckled as he fixed his eyes on Zhuo Yi.

Unexpectedly, he took a flash bomb out of his pocket and threw it!

The bright light lasted for just one very short instant. Myriad Faces Old Man had no time to escape at all, so in that moment, he promptly made a decision, and transformed himself into Zhuo Yi.

"An instant transfiguration?" Zhuo Yi was slightly astonished; this type of transfiguration was a little beyond his imagination.

This already was beyond the hand speed of an eighteen-year-old single man...

There were two identical Director Zhuos. Which one should they capture?

For a split second, the six special duty personnel were bewildered.

"No choice!"

In that moment, Zhuo Yi acted quickly in the face of the emergency.

Myriad Faces Old Man absolutely wouldn't have the long johns that Zhuo Yi was wearing!

So, in front of the crowd, Zhuo Yi took off his belt and looked like he was about to take off his pants...

But before he could completely do so, Myriad Faces Old Man, disguised as Zhuo Yi, had already been suppressed by a strong ring of light on the other side!

Myriad Faces Old Man was hugely alarmed. "How... How did you know?!"

He had actually been seen through in a flash!

A special duty personnel sneered. "Because you're not as perverted as Director Zhuo!"

Zhuo Yi: "..."





Chapter 714 Junjun and Taotao


Thus, under the strange looks from the surrounding special duty personnel, Zhuo Yi put his belt back on with a flushed face.

Whatever...

Anyway, since the moment he took office, the outside world had actually never stopped criticizing him; a few more people misunderstanding him wouldn't make a difference.

Besides, what was wrong with being a little "perverted" as a man...

If you wanted to get along in the world, a thick skin would always be the number one essential rule of survival.

"Is there anything else you want to say?" Zhuo Yi looked at the detained Myriad Faces Old Man.

Myriad Faces Old Man in fact wasn't a strong fighter, but he had been able to evade the law time and time again because of his abnormal transfiguration technique. His ability had reached the height of perfection, and Zhuo Yi's perspective had already been completely broadened just now. To complete a transfiguration in a flash wasn't something just anyone could do.

Suppressed by the six Nascent Soul special duty personnel, Myriad Faces Old Man never thought he would actually suffer a setback here. Staring at Zhuo Yi, he snorted coldly. "I'm not the only expert whom the Dark Network called upon this time. You better watch out."

Zhuo Yi was surprised. So it turned out that Myriad Faces Old Man wasn't the only one to come offer themselves up!

But from the intelligence which they had gathered previously, it was indeed possible that they had overlooked information on members of the Dark Network.

"Do you need me to arrange an interrogation?" a special duty personnel asked.

Zhuo Yi nodded. "Mm, take him back right away for interrogation. Contact Warden Liang for the rest. If there are any updates, he'll contact me directly."

"Understood, Director Zhuo!" Standing respectfully, the special duty personnel saluted Zhuo Yi, and then took the captured Myriad Faces Old Man to the prisoner transport car on the roadside.

Zhuo Yi was guessing that Myriad Faces Old Man probably wouldn't spill the beans so easily.

Not only were these members of the Dark Network unregistered vagrant cultivators, the vast majority of them had criminal records and wouldn't confess to their crimes so easily.

Zhuo Yi knew that in recent years, the state had been planning to invest heavily in cracking down on the Dark Network, but it was when they actually tried to put it into practice that they often realized how difficult and complicated it was to carry out.

The unregistered vagrant cultivators of this underground Dark Network were quite different from the members of dark forces. The dark forces were at least organized, but these vagrant cultivators were all self-employed; they might be hired by the same force, but there was nothing to tie them together.

This was also a huge reason why the underground Dark Network had always been difficult to breach.

When Secretary Dakang had previously learned that Night Chief's Second President Dylan was disguised as the vaccine company's President Han Di, he had already warned Zhuo Yi to be vigilant, and so clues had been dug out which led back to Myriad Faces Old Man.

But Zhuo Yi never thought that apart from Myriad Faces Old Man, there would actually be someone else in the medical team in addition to President Dylan...

This was an unknown variable.

Zhuo Yi felt that it was vital for him to inform the people inside.

However, upon entering Beast King's Remains, all communication signals were completely cut off due to the distance across space.

Zhuo Yi had no way of contacting the people inside.

"No choice." Zhuo Yi sighed. As matters stood, he only had one option now.

He had to go in himself.

Whether or not Myriad Faces Old Man finally told them who the other person lurking in the medical team was... As a scapegoat, if something really happened inside, he should be by shifu's side at the very least, ready to carry that wok at any time!

Zhuo Yi didn't think he and Wang Ling were Junjun and Taotao 1 .

1(Refers to comedian Zhou Libo and his acquaintance Yan Jun. Yan Jun presumably had been willing to take the fall for something Zhou Libo did, but seemed to change his mind later ..) He was a competent disciple!

...

At the same time, at Lord Thunder's luxurious villa residence in Wenxian Garden.

Xiao Yin and Wuji were anxiously waiting for news. When Beast King's Remains had opened earlier, they had almost instantly felt the fluctuations of heaven and earth.

Xiao Yin had holy beast blood, while Wuji had been made from the skins of holy beasts. When Beast King's Remains opened, the two of them had clearly felt the unusual natural phenomena that was faintly transmitted over.

As the last holy beast on Earth, Xiao Yin felt that he should explore Beast King's Remains himself.

But he definitely couldn't directly appear in public. The main force this time had a lot of experts on them. If his true holy beast body was found out, the situation would be very hard to explain later.

Given the overall situation, Xiao Yin had taken the initiative to call Little Master Zhuo Yi the day before Beast King's Remains opened!

Based on the original plan, Zhuo Yi could have gone in with the main force, but with the addition of Xiao Yin, Zhuo Yi had to find a way to make another team.

A few minutes later, Lord Thunder received a message from Zhuo Yi.

Inside the villa, Lord Thunder, who was managing the cultivation forum, called out, "Brother Xiao, the two of you can set off! Brother Zhuo is waiting for you at Peiyuan's public square."

"Alright!"

Xiao Yin got up excitedly. When he was about to leave with Wuji, he suddenly asked, "Thunder, are you really not coming?"

"Brother To's still treating that girl in gray. He sent me a message earlier and said that he needs me to procure some medicine and bring it over to the island. Jin Shi and Yin Shi are helping him refine pills, and the island is a little understaffed." Lord Thunder sighed. He really wanted to go, but unfortunately, someone had to stay behind to help out.

Prior to entering Beast King's Remains this time, Immortal Toya had actually been designated captain of the medical team, but for the sake of waking up the girl, he could only decline.

The main reason was that everyone was very curious about that girl in gray that had come out of the kun's belly.

Furthermore, this was the only lead they had which was the closest that had gotten so far to the mysterious angler.

...

Zhuo Yi didn't have to wait long at Peiyuan's public square.

A minute space crack appeared in the middle of the square. It then gradually split open like a lotus flower blossoming, and a silver-haired young man with a fair face and a long-haired girl wrapped in bandages stepped out of it.

This Space Teleportation Spell was Wuji's ability.

At that moment, it hadn't been more than five or six minutes since the Rainbow Glass Box had flown into the space vortex that was the entrance to the secret land of Beast King's Remains.

Not long after Zhuo Yi contacted them, Wuji used her ability to bring Xiao Yin here.

No one else saw this scene.

Because the entrance to Beast King's Remains was a secret project of the state, nearby surveillance had all been shut down, and the surrounding roads had already been sealed off earlier with traffic control in effect, so no one saw Xiao Yin and Wuji appear.

"Little Master!"

As soon as Xiao Yin landed, he immediately greeted Zhuo Yi from a distance and skipped over.

"Are we all here?"

Zhuo Yi looked at his watch. "There's one more person, he'll be here soon."

Apart from the three of them, there was one more person in this special operations team which Zhuo Yi had set up on the side: Luo Chuang.

Luo Chuang had been constantly thinking about the extinct resource "One Thousand Dried Bone" which could be found in Beast King's Remains.

Now was the perfect opportunity for him to harvest the One Thousand Dried Bone.

Of course, this harvesting job was in compliance with regulations, since Zhuo Yi had already applied with Secretary Dakang before Beast King's Remains opened.

This One Thousand Dried Bone would be Zhuo Yi's bonus for this year.

But Zhuo Yi didn't care about the year-end bonus at all.

Money was just a worldly possession...

In contrast, helping shifu to perfect Jingke's scabbard as quickly as possible was far more important than a year-end bonus!





Chapter 715 Devil Disciples


Roughly five minutes later, Luo Chuang finally arrived on the scene. Unlike what other people drove, he rode an electric motorbike, and he gave it a very nice-sounding name: Rolling Wheels.

Of course, Luo Chuang had carefully modified this electric motorbike. It looked like an ordinary electric motorbike, but it wasn't as simple as it appeared.

When he approached the square, Luo Chuang manipulated the electric motorbike so that the front wheel suddenly lifted up!

— Cyclone Charger Tornado!

The jet mechanism at the back of Rolling Wheels was instantly activated and two blasts of what looked like Hyper Beams shot out as the electric motorbike jumped high into the sky!

Zhuo Yi: "..."

Xiao Yin: "..."

Wuji: "..."

"Sorry to keep you waiting!" Luo Chuang flew directly over to everyone and scratched the back of his head very apologetically.

Today, he was still dressed as flashily as before, in his eye-catching white undershirt and large underpants.

"Teacher Luo is dressed the same as ever, hahaha." Zhuo Yi laughed.

However, Luo Chuang shook his head. "No, it's actually different. This white undershirt and large underpants I'm wearing aren't ordinary. Since we're entering the remains this time, I prepared specially for it. So, this white undershirt and large underpants are special, and are number 190331!"

"What does this number mean?"

"This is my white undershirt and large underpants set number 190331!"

"..."

Luo Chuang smiled. "I had to be well-prepared in advance, didn't I? So I specially added protection against poison, water, fire and insects to this set number 190331. Whether it's the undershirt or underpants, they can instantly absorb any toxic substances that touch the body and neutralize them to produce an insecticide to defend against attacks from poisonous insects. Most crucially, when this undershirt is completely soaked in water, an image of Lord Jingke's face shows up on the front!"

"..."

Luo Chuang introduced his outfit's functionality quite confidently.

There were no large creatures in Beast King's Remains, but there were definitely plants and insects.

Zhuo Yi gave a thumbs-up. "Teacher Luo, you're really amazing!" But his aesthetic taste was a bit...

"So do you want to wear them? I prepared sets for everyone!"

Zhuo Yi, Xiao Yin and Wuji said almost in unison, "Thank you for your kindness, Teacher Luo... No need!"

Luo Chuang's expression was pitiful. "Hey, the magic treasures I invent clearly have so many functions, why don't they sell?"

"..."

"Ah, by the way, I want to bring Rolling Wheels inside; may I? Don't worry, this motorbike is very environmentally friendly and won't pollute the remains."

"Of course you may, but why do you want to bring it inside, Teacher Luo?"

"I've already inputted data on the extinct resources inside the remains into Rolling Wheels. It looks like an electric motorbike, but it's actually a toolbox and a smart collector."

Saying that, Luo Chuang pressed a yellow button on the electric motorbike, and a mechanical arm directly extended out from the rear of the electric motorbike...

Zhuo Yi: "..."

Of course, this wasn't the scariest part - the scariest part was that the mechanical arm looked human! And for some reason, it felt very familiar to Zhuo Yi!

Luo Chuang "caressed" this mechanical arm with matchless pride. "This mechanical arm was modeled on Lord Jingke's! Doesn't it look very special?"

Zhuo Yi: "..."

"It can also talk! And the voice is a copy of Lord Jingke's!"

Luo Chuang was about to press a button when Zhuo Yi swiftly stopped him. "Teacher Luo, it's getting late... How about you show it to us later when there's time? This is an emergency right now!"

Zhuo Yi felt that things had been starting to go in a strange direction.

Hearing this, Luo Chuang promptly nodded, but he had an unavoidably disappointed expression on his face.

Zhuo Yi and Xiao Yin would never be able to forget this scene. Luo Chuang's face was mysteriously flushed... With regret written all over this face, he pushed a button so that the mechanical arm retracted, before he beamed. "If Director Zhuo and Brother Xiao Yin want to give it a try when you have the chance, let me know whenever! Using this mechanical arm like a pillow when you sleep at night is very comfortable!"

Everyone: "..."

Sure enough, was this the real reason why he wanted to bring Rolling Wheels in?!

...

On the other side, Songhai First Prison's Mahjong Squad's exclusive van had already arrived at the entrance to the fake remains.

Apart from the Old Devil, Evil Sword God and Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu were exceptional swordsmen. General Bai had thus given them suitable magic swords. These were common military magic swords, produced in bulk by the military factory.

Common magic swords only had built-in industrial sword spirits and were of streamlined quality. Of course, the quality of military spirit swords was absolutely acceptable, but for a swordsman accustomed to using Sword Dao, this kind of magic sword was disgraceful.

Evil Sword God: "Does this kind of broken sword deserve to be used by my venerable self?

"Kind of broken sword deserve to be used by my venerable self...

"Deserve to be used by my venerable self...

"Used by my venerable self...

"By my venerable self...

"Venerable self...

"Self?"

"..."

The veins on General Bai's forehead throbbed slightly. "If you speak like that again, I'll blow your tongue out."

Evil Sword God: "Sorry... my venerable self was wrong!"

The Old Devil and Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu: "..."

General Bai cleared his throat and said in a deep voice, "This time, there may be some devil disciples among the people we need to deal with, so I hope that the three of you present will do your best to atone for your crimes."

Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu: "Devil disciples?"

"To put it more accurately, devil disciples are actually from the devil world."

General Bai said gravely, "Although we are currently not a hundred percent certain, we already have a relevant lead - among the members of the Dark Network recruited by Night Chief this time, there's a real possibility that some of them are devil disciples."

The Old Devil frowned and seemed to recall something. "The East is connected to the demon world and the West to the devil world... if I remember correctly, the entrance to the devil world should have already been destroyed in the great war of cultivators in the West?"

"That's right, the entrance was indeed destroyed at the time. But in recent years, there has already been more and more surveillance data from various countries which confirm that the entrance to the devil world is open once more."

General Bai said, "So while it might appear that the mission this time is to clean up this group of foreign troublemakers, it is in fact to investigate this lead on devil disciples - before we officially get out of the car, the three of you need to be clear on this. Do you have any other questions?"

"If we complete this task successfully, how will our punishments be reduced?" the Old Devil asked.

"This will depend on the final outcome. The death penalty can be commuted to life imprisonment, or life imprisonment can be changed to a shortened sentence. Of course, given the crimes all three of you have committed, even a fixed-term sentence for you will still be more than two thousand years." General Bai said, "Of course, there is the possibility of shortening your sentences further with other missions in the future."

"I see." The Old Devil wore a somewhat unfathomable smile.

"It seems that the Devil Emperor is very confident?"

"Hehe, I'll do my best..."

The Old Devil: "After all, my venerable self isn't any sort of devil..."

"..."





Chapter 716 The Design Concept for Head Of State 001


The Rainbow Glass Box smoothly took all the teachers and students as well as Huaxiu Alliance's officially appointed team of experts and the members of the medical team who had been in the square through the space fissure.

After being sucked into the world of the glass box, Wang Ling discovered that the inside of the glass box had already been arranged into dormitories.

This Rainbow Glass Box wasn't just a magic artifact for shuttling through space, but was a magic treasure that could also be used as a dwelling. The moment they entered the Rainbow Glass Box, a lot of the students suddenly understood why they hadn't been told to bring tents in the school notice previously - it turned out that they would be staying inside this magic treasure.

Since the space was large enough, the whole interior space of the glass box was divided into more than a hundred areas, which made up only a small part of the interior space.

The lead teachers would be responsible for handling the daily roll call as well as organizing the duties in each area. To foster mutual accountability, moreover, all the dormitories were for two people each.

Of course, boys and girls were still separated...

"I brought my own tent..."

Some of the students were a little disappointed - what summer camp, it was definitely less fun if they didn't stay in tents!

But in the end, there were also sensible students. "Let's just follow the teachers' arrangements. Although there aren't any high-level spirit beasts in the remains, it's still very dangerous. If we stay in tents, the teachers can't watch over us, and something could easily happen."

After all, it was all about the students' safety. At the very least, they would be much safer inside the Rainbow Glass Box than moving around outside.

Besides, the students were originally meant to do some sightseeing while traveling inside the Rainbow Glass Box during this trip. When the time came, the whole Rainbow Glass Box would reportedly become transparent, and all the students would be able to see the scenery outside.

This reminded Wang Ling of when Father Wang and Mother Wang had taken him to the spirit beast wildlife park as a child. In the wildlife park, everyone sat on a special bus and weren't allowed to get off; they could only do some sightseeing from the bus.

So in some sense, this trip wasn't that different in essence.

As the box shuttled through space, the dorm assignments were completed.

The major areas in the box had already been allocated previously. Each lead teacher didn't have that many students under them, so the dorms were assigned very quickly. It was fine as long as the male and female students were separated fairly.

Wang Ming's zone was Zone 36. When the dorms were allocated, Chen Chao and Guo Hao were assigned to one room, but Wang Ling's name was never mentioned...

At that moment, Wang Ling already had a bad feeling.

In the end, he saw Wang Ming smile at him. "Finally, Student Wang Ling will room with me."

Wang Ling: "..."

He knew it!

However, after Wang Ming finished speaking, Wang Ling noticed that a lot of people were giving him envious looks.

"Gosh, Wang Ling's so lucky! Come to think of it, Wang Ling's luck has always seemed pretty good. As expected of our class mascot!"

"That's right, that's right... he just so happens to be rooming with the teacher, I still have a lot of questions to ask the teacher! Wang Ling really hit it big!"

Many people couldn't help whispering their comments to one another when they heard the final dorm assignment list.

In a flash, Wang Ling once again became the center of crazy discussion...

Actually, Wang Ling could understand the sentiment. After all, the lead teachers selected by Huaxiu Alliance to participate together in the "summer camp" this time were definitely the cream of the crop.

There had always been a saying in the cultivation world that it was better to be instructed by a famous teacher than to cultivate painstakingly for a hundred years...

Actually, Wang Ling felt a little aggrieved, because when it came to cultivation, Wang Ming this idiot was hardly a famous teacher!

Also... before the summer camp even started, this idiot had already made him public enemy number one.

At that moment, Lao Gudong's voice came over the broadcast. "Students, we are coming to the end of our space journey and we will pass through the space tunnel into the secret land of Devil Valley shortly. Will all teachers and students as well as personnel participating in the operation this time get some rest in your assigned dorms for the time being. The Rainbow Glass Box will reach Beast King's Remains' central safe zone in two hours. Our first stop will be a base station in the central safe zone which we will visit for a tour."

This camp would only last five days in total, and it was impossible to completely cover all of Beast King's Remains in that time. Because Beast King's Remains wasn't open for a fixed amount of time, and moreover it was for a very short period, currently less than half of Beast King's Remains had been explored by official scientific teams, and the entire western half of the map was black.

The base station in the central safe zone had been temporarily set up the last time people had entered Beast King's Remains; it contained many simulated samples of extinct resources and explanations of their features, which made the place a little like an exhibition hall.

This was the first stop chosen for the summer camp, mainly so that the students could better understand what the resources in the remains were like and to learn the best way to determine which plants were poisonous since they would naturally have to depend on themselves.

...

After that, everyone went back to their assigned dorms.

Wang Ling went off with Wang Ming, while the head of state pretending to be Head of State 001 and who had been invisible the whole time followed behind Wang Ming.

For some reason, Wang Ling felt that there was something off with this Head of State 001, but he couldn't be completely sure.

After all, this was the first time he had ever heard of a humanoid magic treasure.

He was just amazed at how lifelike this humanoid magic treasure was...

All the dorms had the same configuration. Each one was very large and had its own bathroom. Most importantly, the dorms had floor-to-ceiling windows so that everyone could look at the scenery as the Rainbow Glass Box flew past.

When they reached the door to their dorm, Wang Ming gave an order to Head of State 001: "Alert Mode!"

Then, Head of State 001 very obediently stood in an imposing manner by the door.

"Not letting him in?" Wang Ling raised his eyebrows.

"This is the dorm for us two brothers, why should we let a humanoid weapon in... Furthermore, let me tell you, this Head of State 001's two eyes are both recording devices; it'll also film us taking off our underpants inside!" Wang Ming said and sighed.

Wang Ling: "..."

Saying that, Wang Ming mulled for a bit, chin in hand. He also thought that leaving Head of State 001 at the door was a little strange.

So he gave another order: "Patrol Alert Mode!"

Hearing this command, Head of State 001 started to move.

Wang Ming had fixed the area where the personnel were staying as Head of State 001's patrol range.

After seeing "Head of State 001" walk off, Wang Ming looked at Wang Ling and said, "You probably noticed it already, right? A few people have snuck in on this trip this time, and are part of the medical personnel. I'm sending 001 over to check if there any movements on their end."

"What if there's a fight?" Wang Ling was curious.

"There won't be; Head of State 001 wasn't initially designed for fighting," Wang Ming swiftly replied.

Wang Ling: "???"

Wang Ming: "Although Head of State 001 does have weapons on it, these are used for protection and defense. In accordance with our country's philosophy, peace naturally is our eternal and unchanging theme!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ming: "So the slogan we designed at the time for this Head of State 001 was... use the bulkiest thing to endure the fiercest beating!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 717 Protect Ling Zhenren!


President Qi watched the long-distance broadcast in the conference room on the top floor of the Huaxiu Alliance building. Because of the geological space fault, ordinary communication devices couldn't be used to contact those inside the secret land. Thus, President Qi had commanded that the Huaxiu Alliance conference room this time employ a magic treasure for space sound transmission which could catch signals in the form of space ripples from the secret land and relay an audiovisual broadcast through a playback device.

Watching Wang Ming in the video continually order around His Excellency the head of state, who was pretending to be Head of State 001, General Yi kept sweating non-stop. "Old Qi, isn't this a little bad..."

"Why? The head of state himself approved it." President Qi laughed.

Actually, the head of state had always been a very playful person...

"His Excellency has a command switch on him. Even if Wang Ming this kid sends a long-range command signal, the head of state will immediately know." Gazing at the screen, President Qi gave a profound smile. "Wang Ming this kid always thinks he's so smart. Who would have thought we would fool him this time? Actually, this is pretty interesting. Who knows what kind of face this kid will make when he finds out it's the real head of state in front of him?"

General Yi: "..."

...

Elsewhere, Wang Ling and Wang Ming were resting in their dorm.

Wang Ling lay on the bed with his head pillowed on one arm while Wang Ming fiddled continuously with his tools.

This was a person who couldn't remain idle at all.

"You're not tired?" Wang Ling gazed at Wang Ming's back and asked telepathically.

"What tired," Wang Ming replied as his hands never stopped moving. "I took a vitality pill supplement before we set off. When a regular person takes one of these things, they don't need to sleep or rest for a long period of time, like a cultivator. Given my physique, it can last for about seven days. It's now selling like hot cakes; those white-collar people really like it, and gave this pill a really nice-sounding name: Mom Sudden Pill."

Wang Ling: "???"

Wang Ming: "'Mom no longer needs to worry about me dying suddenly' pill."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

Half an hour later, Wang Ming finally clapped his hands and struck a pose of accomplishment.

He had laid out a huge array of tools as he fiddled around on the table earlier. In the end, Wang Ling realized that what Wang Ming had made was a very small chip. It was extremely transparent and only the size of half a fingernail.

Wang Ling didn't know what this chip was for, but then he saw Wang Ming take out the Heavenly Materials sword from his charged storage ring. He pressed lightly on the hilt, and a slot popped out.

Wang Ming picked up the chip with tweezers, placed it smoothly inside the slot, and pushed the slot back in.

"Done! An upgraded version of the black tech Heavenly Materials sword."

Wang Ming wielded the sword single-handedly without any effort at all.

After his modifications, the body of the sword had been replaced with a much lighter material, and it was light as a feather, even for an ordinary person. The crucial point, however, was that the sword's power hadn't decreased, but on the contrary, had been greatly enhanced.

"I've been working on this chip for a long time, and was just shy of finishing it. Now my Heavenly Materials sword can be considered completely done," Wang Ming said proudly.

"How do you use it?" Wang Ling asked curiously.

"This chip is a voice-controlled receiver and has a very wide reception range. Plus, only my voice works on it. Let me give you a preliminary demonstration."

At this point, Wang Ming directly placed the Heavenly Materials sword ten meters away from him, and then swung out one arm. "Sword, come!"

Then, Wang Ling saw the Heavenly Materials sword on the floor suddenly tremble lightly, and it actually turned into an aurora which swiftly and accurately returned to Wang Ming's palm.

Wang Ling: "..."

Holding the sword, Wang Ming's expression was relaxed. Logically speaking, when an ordinary scientist was inventing something, they would absolutely be nervous, since practically all inventions only took perfect shape bit by bit after numerous failures.

This was where Wang Ming was abnormal: whatever passed through his hands never needed to be remade; they were practically all successful on the first try.

Wang Ming took out a handkerchief and carefully wiped down the blade. "Uncle gave me a call previously and asked me to look after you during this activity."

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ming: "You drew too much attention in the incident with President Bai previously. And there are so many people in this activity this time. Didn't you feel that when you were lining up in the public square earlier, there were a lot of students and teachers staring at you?"

Wang Ling nodded his head.

Because it was true...

In the square earlier, he had vaguely heard a lot of voices, most of which belonged to students from other schools. Most people knew that a while ago, a Senior Grade One student from Number 60 High had almost fallen prey to the Demon Hunters Association's plot. Fortunately, Zhuo Yi had acted to suppress media and public opinion so that there were no pictures of Wang Ling in the news.

Hence, the students and teachers in the square who were curious about Wang Ling actually had no idea which student he was.

Otherwise, Wang Ling thought it would have been very lively around him in the square.

"So you have to listen to me in this activity this time, and try as much as possible not to make any sort of move. Got it?" Wang Ming stared at Wang Ling with a stern expression. "You know, there's a lot of hype out there about getting your photo autographed. It's a good thing that Zhuo Yi suppressed any photos earlier, otherwise there definitely would have been a huge bunch of people looking for you in the square for your autograph."

Wang Ling was alarmed. "..."

He had actually never thought that the impact of this event would have already reached this extent.

"This was mainly started by some superstitious parents. They think that you have immortal qi all over you given your narrow escape. Furthermore, the word has been spread online that you're Number 60 High's mascot. Adding the fact that the college entrance exam is just around the corner, a lot of people want your immortal qi to rub off on them."

Speaking up to this point, Wang Ming took out his cell phone to show Wang Ling a photo and sighed deeply. "Old Li at the school gate took this photo when Number 60 High's bus arrived in Peiyuan district this morning."

When Wang Ling looked at the photo, he realized that there was actually an incense burner at the school gate...

Wang Ming put his phone away. "This incense burner has already been removed, but you still need to be careful. Got it?"

Parents nowadays were getting crazier and crazier!

"But there are some people who just want an autograph, which can already be considered pretty civilized. I heard that there are some perverts out there who want to put your picture into a silk pouch and carry it around with them!"

Suddenly, Wang Ming gripped Wang Ling's shoulder. "Little brother! Don't worry, your older brother has the upgraded Heavenly Materials sword, and is in charge of Head of State 001. I will definitely protect you perfectly! Protect you from the harassment of perverts!"

Right after he said that, a silk pouch fell on the ground...

Wang Ling saw that it had fallen out of the white coat which Wang Ming was wearing...





Chapter 718 Six Zhuo Yi's Out of Every One Hundred People


Just as Wang Ming had said, considering the incident with the Demon Hunters Association's President Bai, Wang Ling indeed had to pay more attention to his actions, especially in the next few days. While the incident might already seem to be over, the repercussions of the entire thing were in fact only just beginning.

Roughly half an hour after the announcement about getting some rest, the dorms received news once again that lunch was ready in the canteen in the central Zone 66 for whoever needed it.

Wang Ling looked at the time. It was now noon, around the same time that Number 60 High's canteen usually opened. Although the Rainbow Glass Box was a spatial magic treasure, the inside of the box was like a portable immortal warship. The dorms, canteens and training rooms inside were all outfitted military-style.

There was no way to avoid eating, and this summer camp actually wasn't going to be as relaxing as expected. Thus, in order to ensure that every student had abundant energy, it was necessary to support their physical fitness, and everyone had to eat.

There was a special sign-in area in the canteen in Zone 66 which no one could escape. The sign-in area was just like the dorms as both directly used facial recognition: you needed facial recognition to enter your dorm, and to sign in at the canteen.

Of course, unlike for the students, the regulation wasn't as strict for the personnel.

"Do you want to change your face before we go to the canteen? I can directly refresh the data for your face in the system," Wang Ming turned to ask Wang Ling before they went out.

Wang Ling shook his head. In any case, no one else outside school had seen his image before... Besides, even if he used the Great Transfiguration Spell, he was still wearing Number 60 High's school uniform. Lao Gudong's eyesight was especially good, and he could name all the Number 60 High students on the trip this time. If he suddenly saw a student with a strange face, it would definitely be troublesome once more.

So transfiguration actually wasn't necessary.

The two brothers walked out the door toward the canteen. On the way, Wang Ling heard Wang Ming mention a familiar name. "I heard that the nutrition consultant for the Zone 66 canteen this time is Number 60 High's Mother Juan."

Surprised, Wang Ling asked, "Mother Juan is here?"

He hadn't seen even her shadow earlier in the square.

Wang Ming: "She's just a nutrition consultant, after all, so it's fine to give advice remotely; she doesn't need to personally come."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

Lunch this time was very sumptuous, beginning with a braised Dahuan pill, followed by a side of steamed essence-clearing pills... Furthermore, the essence-clearing pill was steamed in fish soup stock and had a very fishy taste.

The canteen was very large. Because the announcement had been made only a short time ago, there still weren't many people there when Wang Ling and Wang Ming arrived. The brothers took a lunchbox each and sat down in a remote corner, mainly to avoid trouble.

They hadn't been sitting for long when Wang Ling noticed that the black-faced Wu Zhenjun had also come. Wang Ming glanced at Wu Zhenjun and couldn't help smiling. "Don't you think you and this Wu Zhenjun are pretty similar? But he really has a black face, while you're a mensao 1 !"

1(A 'tsundere..') Wang Ling: "..."

After the two brothers sat for a while, the canteen filled up all of a sudden with a lot of students wearing various uniforms from other schools.

This time, the students attending this summer camp organized by Songhai city were all Grade One freshmen.

The General Administration of 100 Schools had announced that all the schools attending had been determined by drawing lots... There were so many high schools in Songhai city, and in terms of qualifications, a key city high school candidate like Number 60 High wouldn't have had a chance at all.

Since this was decided by drawing lots, every high school could only cheerfully accept it.

The truth was that all the other high schools had been chosen through a ballot, while Number 60 High was the only one that had been imperially selected by Secretary Dakang himself... And of the six major high schools in Peiyuan district, only Number 60 High was participating in the summer camp activity this time.

Of course, it wasn't good to let this out.

Otherwise, the other high school headmasters would definitely come looking for a fight...

So this time, Wang Ling saw a lot of students from other district schools.

For example, Remnant High, full name: Remnant Elder Senior High School.

This was a key city high school in Hualing district, and all the students enrolled there were at the middle Foundation Establishment stage... In this aspect alone, Number 60 High was far behind Remnant High. The most important thing, moreover, was that Remnant High had a very high success rate of students reaching the Golden Core stage; up to six percent of them would have broken through to the Golden Core stage before officially entering university.

This number was already quite ridiculous...

In plain English, it was six Zhuo Yi's out of every one hundred people!

To be clear, Zhuo Yi was a rare once-in-a-century cultivation genius at Number 60 High...

Also, Zhuo Yi had entered Number 60 High back then purely because there had been a gross miscalculation of his score for the written portion of the high school entrance exam. Otherwise, he definitely would have directly entered a key city high school back then.

While Wang Ling was pondering this, he saw a student in a Remnant High uniform stroll unhurriedly to their corner. The Remnant High school uniform wasn't quite like the typical high school uniform, and seemed to incorporate a little of the Western style.

The uniform consisted of a white shirt inside and a pair of black stretch pants under what looked like a short cape, which looked very trendy.

This person had a pair of bright blue eyes, and there was a noble air about him. At first glance, Wang Ling concluded that this person was probably of mixed blood.

Wang Ling thought that this person was looking for a place to sit, but never thought that he would actually directly approach them with his lunchbox in hand. "Excuse me, may I sit here?"

Wang Ming was just about to say no, but the person preempted him as he smiled at the two brothers and said, "Thank you!"

Then he directly put the lunchbox down and sat down next to Wang Ming.

Wang Ming was obviously bewildered. This guy wasn't following the script at all... he just directly said thanks and sat down!

Wang Ming's lips twitched. Remembering that his identity was that of a teacher now and he needed to keep his poise, he reined in his displeasure and exhaled.

Looking at this scene, Wang Ling somehow felt that there was a very strange malevolent air in the canteen...

He looked around, and sure enough, he saw Zhai Yin in the distance approaching them with a lunchbox in hand.

She then chose to sit at the table directly behind Wang Ming, involuntarily creating a significant amount of pressure...

To be honest, while the canteen food for this summer camp was good, Wang Ling had no appetite at all. This summer camp was a cultivation and study trip, and it had been clearly written in the list of items to bring that snacks weren't allowed - there had been enough snacks confiscated in the square earlier to open a kiosk.

Thus, the next few days would be ones without crispy noodle snacks. For Wang Ling, this was a little lonely and unbearable.

As a result, Wang Ling basically didn't touch his lunchbox on the table...

In contrast, the mixed-blood young man sitting next to Wang Ming seemed to have a good appetite, and he stared at Wang Ling's lunchbox for a long while.

Then, the young man suddenly asked, "Excuse me, this classmate, if you don't want to eat this braised Dahuan pill, may I have it?"

Before Wang Ling could reply, he already heard the young man say again, "Thank you!"

Then, with one stab of his chopsticks, he directly took the Dahuan pill...

Sweating inwardly, Wang Ling was one hundred percent sure that he had encountered some weirdo yet again.

Why couldn't there be any slightly more normal people around him?!





Chapter 719 The Four Big Families Of Songhai City


Well...

Wasting food indeed wasn't good behavior, but the problem was that this student acted as if they knew each other!

Wang Ling watched as the other party directly swallowed his braised Dahuan pill. This person let out a soft burp and then took a silver handkerchief out of his pocket to wipe his mouth lightly with the elegance of a lady of the capital... It seemed he was full.

After a long while, the person straightened and fixed his eyes on Wang Ling. "It's wrong to waste food. This classmate doesn't seem to have an appetite, but I don't think it's because the food here isn't to your taste - it's probably because you have something on your mind, right? And I can see that this classmate must be upset about what happened recently."

Wang Ming and Wang Ling were surprised since what he said was pretty accurate...

"As for this braised Dahuan pill, I won't owe you. I, Li Mingyao, have never liked owing anyone anything." The very graceful young man declared who he was, and then looked at Wang Ling. "Hm... Go ahead, what level skill book do you want? Level one to level three, I have them all."

Wang Ling and Wang Ming: "..."

"It's fine if you can't think of any right now. There's a spell app called 'Cool Collection of Four 1 ,' do you know it? You can download it. It has level one to level three skills. Go through them and pick one, I can be your sponsor and help you get it," Li Mingyao said.

1(Adapted from the Siku Quanshu, a translation of which has been given as "Imperial Collection of Four" and which is the largest collection of books in Chinese history ..) Neither Wang Ling nor Wang Ming had absolutely any interest in a petty low-level skill book at all...

After all, a random yawn from Wang Ling was likely a lot more lethal than these low-level skill books.

However, a person who could freely use a skill book to return a favor certainly didn't have a simple identity.

Wang Ming pondered this person's name carefully.

Li Mingyao...

Somehow, the name sounded a little familiar.

It was a pity he wasn't in his lab now, otherwise Wang Ming could directly use the official database to specially bring up information on this person.

"You don't have to doubt my identity, I'm not a bad guy."

However, Li Mingyao seemed to enjoy this kind of skeptical look. "I often use skill scrolls in an exchange, so it's just a basic operation for me. You may not know this, but there's a limited supply of this braised Dahuan pill as a main course in the canteen, so I believe that it isn't a bad deal to return the favor with a level one or three skill scroll and get to know you guys while I'm at it."

This intense business way of thinking jarred Wang Ming's brain all of a sudden.

He gave Li Mingyao an abrupt stare. "Are you from the Li family?"

"This teacher seems well informed." Li Mingyao smiled and said, "Among the four big families in Songhai city, my Li family's online skills store chain is known all over the country, but few people know my identity as the young master of the Li family."

Wang Ling didn't really care about the four big families of Songhai, but Wang Ming was well aware who they were.

Among the four big families of Songhai, Li Mingyao's Li family had built their family fortune by purchasing the copyrights of various spells and selling them through online collaborative revenue sharing.

In addition to the Li family who built their business on skills, the other three big families were the Zhou family whose main business was crafting artifacts, the Lin family and their spirit beast business, and the Sun family which manufactured pills. Currently, the representative of the Sun family's young generation was Sun Rong.

These four families absolutely dominated in these fields in the current cultivator consumer market, and since going commercial, their success had continued to snowball. In Songhai city, the market was now evenly split between these four big families, who were on equal footing.

Anyone familiar with this circle would know how amazing the four big families of Songhai were...

Especially before the nation's capital had moved from Songhai to Jinghua back then, the four big families had held the balance of power in Songhai city... But that was something that had happened hundreds of years ago, before Wang Ling was born.

What a big family paid attention to was their history.

Thus, even though a lot of time had already passed and the four families in Songhai city were already no longer as influential as before, they had taken the business route and relied on their core elements to each seize a share of the market; this alone made other people feel far inferior to them.

Wang Ling carefully sized up this elegant youngster called Li Mingyao in front of him.

It turned out he had run into a super rich second generation kid like Sun Rong today...

"I didn't expect you to be the young master of the Li family. My apologies." Wang Ming laughed and his heart was unperturbed.

This was something Li Mingyao probably never expected.

The truth was that using the family resources which he had on hand to develop networks and trade resources was a very smart strategy. Regular people found it very hard to resist this sugar-coated bullet. However, this was utterly wasted on Wang Ling and Wang Ming these two brothers.

Level three skills...

In Wang Ling's opinion, they weren't as useful as crispy noodle snacks.

Because of the impact from being given his family resources since he was a kid, Li Mingyao had encountered all sorts of people, and so was especially good at reading a person's words or actions. Honestly speaking, he never thought he would ever receive the kind of cold treatment that he was getting today.

Logically speaking, Number 60 High was just a key city high school candidate... it could be said that the overall quality of their students was far below that of Remnant High students, but this student and teacher were unexpectedly completely unmoved by his bait?

Li Mingyao was a little baffled...

Actually, eating that Dahuan pill hadn't been his real intention. He had eaten the other party's pill to find an excuse to return the favor with a skill, and then ask him something he was interested in.

Who would have thought that this plan had actually failed...

The other party was just a Foundation Establishment student, surely Li Mingyao didn't have to go as far as an exchange with a level four skill?

It wasn't like he couldn't, but level four... Li Mingyao acknowledged that he himself couldn't learn level four skills. If he wanted to, he had to reach the late Golden Core stage first at the very least.

Besides, the market price for a level four skill book was a whole two hundred thousand immortal gold bars.

And this was only the average market price for a level four skill book. If it was a rare level four skill book, the price would likely be several times more expensive.

This was by no means a price that an average family could afford...

So what now?

The situation turned awkward in that moment, and Li Mingyao felt a little at a loss.

Wang Ming actually had some idea of what this young master was thinking about. He looked at Li Mingyao who had a complicated expression on his face and asked with a smile, "If you have a question, you might as well just ask it. You don't have to beat around the bush."

Li Mingyao was dazed since Wang Ming had seen right through him, but he did his best to keep his graceful smile on. "Then I'll ask..."

"Go on, let's hear it," Wang Ming said.

Li Mingyao looked at Wang Ling. "I see that this classmate is wearing the Number 60 High school uniform... Do you know Classmate Wang Ling?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ming: "..."

Li Mingyao: "I'm his fan!"

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 720 Wang Ling's New Nickname


Wang Ling was alarmed.

He understood the reason, but why would he actually gain fans after that incident? — The main point was that in the incident with President Bai, he was but a lowly student who had been fortunate enough to escape with his life!

But since Li Mingyao had brought it up, Wang Ming was a little curious. "May I ask, why are you Wang Ling's fan?"

The other side straightened his collar, still maintaining that elegant and refined manner. "Have you heard of fortune?"

Fortune, or actually also known as "immortal fate."

Although there was no scientific evidence for this thing, one had to admit that it did exist.

Otherwise, there wouldn't be a specific "Great Fortune Spell" among the Three Thousand Great Dao.

In simple terms, fortune was like a cultivator's hidden attribute that couldn't be measured precisely - it slowly accumulated through a cultivator's single-minded cultivation and devotion to doing good deeds.

But as far as Wang Ling knew, everyone had a natural, corresponding base for their fortune. Most people's fortune was zero, and only a small proportion was born with good fortune... Of course, there was another small proportion of people that had naturally poor fortune.

This was why even if some people continued to do good deeds and accumulate merits, they still led very unfortunate lives. This was very likely because they had committed too many sins in their previous life and hadn't finished paying off their debts.

Of course, that didn't mean that those with good fortune could do whatever they wanted - no matter how good their fortune, it would be used up eventually.

And so, the Huaxiu Alliance branch in each city actually advertised tasks in the vein of "eliminating the evil and safeguarding Dao" for cultivators above the Golden Core stage in Huaxiu nation. By accepting and carrying out these tasks, they could improve themselves and at the same time accumulate immortal fate.

There weren't any rewards for doing these tasks, which were classified as social work carried out by cultivators.

But in order to encourage more cultivators to take up these tasks, the state had also offered a lot of subsidies over the years. The subsidies took the form of pills, magic artifacts, skill scrolls or an equivalent amount of immortal gold.

So when Li Mingyao said "fortune," Wang Ming and Wang Ling more or less understood what he meant.

"President Bai of the Demon Hunters Association was very strong. From the previous news reports, this man had to be an Itinerant Immortal or True Immortal." Saying this, Li Mingyao tsked. "But in a situation that seemed impossible to escape, Classmate Wang Ling broke away from this person's evil clutches and escaped death. His fortune is simply through the roof!"

Wang Ming: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

"So your point is?" Wang Ming was starting to understand.

Li Mingyao gave a very elegant smile. "Fortune this thing is vague, but it's real. To accumulate it, there is actually another, very simple way to do so besides doing good deeds, and that is to be together with someone who has good fortune."

Wang Ming had a black question mark on his face. "... Be together?"

"Ah, I certainly don't mean to grow old together... you can be a friend or a fellow brother!" Li Mingyao realized his words just now were indeed a little ambiguous and quickly corrected himself. "Fortune is contagious, don't you know?"

Wang Ling and Wang Ming: "..."

Li Mingyao: "In my generation, there are four heirs in our Li family. We all go to different high schools, and the other three are now abroad! Once we graduate from Grade Three, our family will hold the Young Master Succession Ceremony."

"Choosing a successor should depend on one's skill. Using wily tricks isn't virtuous," Wang Ming said.

He could more or less understand why Li Mingyao was so eager to find Wang Ling.

"No, teacher, you don't understand. In terms of overall strength, the four heirs of our Li family are actually pretty much the same, whether in terms of study, talent, or every other aspect... So in the end, it'll be fortune that will decide the winner of the young master position!"

Saying this, Li Mingyao had a look of great urgency in his eyes. "I've already said all that should be said, and this is why I'm eager to find Wang Ling shifu..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Why had he become a shifu once again?

Li Mingyao: "Neither of you know, do you? The other schools actually have a nickname for Classmate Wang Ling now."

Wang Ming: "Nickname?"

Li Mingyao: "Fortune Emperor!"

Wang Ling and Wang Ming: "..."

Li Mingyao: "As long as you're willing to help me find Classmate Wang Ling, I'll reward you handsomely! As for other conditions, you can also name them. My Li family resources should be enough to meet your demands."

Wang Ming folded his arms and asked, "If we don't know, will you ask someone else?"

There were plenty of people from Number 60 High here. After the incident with President Bai last time, most of the Grade One freshmen at Number 60 High basically knew what Wang Ling looked like.

However, contrary to Wang Ming's expectations, Li Mingyao shook his head. "No, I've already asked a lot of friends from Number 60 High, but they all said that they had no impression of Wang Ling."

After Li Mingyao said this, Wang Ming saw the corners of Wang Ling's mouth curl up slightly and realization instantly dawned on him... It turned out that his little brother had already done something. No wonder he could come to the canteen so calmly.

This was an upgraded version of Wang Ling's "Great Shielding Spell."

And it was because of the incident with President Bai this time that Wang Ling had specially modified it.

When the upgraded "Great Shielding Spell" was in effect, Wang Ling was like a signal tower, and only people within three meters of him would remember him.

Of course, there were some people whom Wang Ling had designated on his "white list" who wouldn't be blocked.

Most of them were those whom Wang Ling was closer to in his daily life. Apart from his relatives, there was his scapegoat disciple Zhuo Yi, his friends in the cultivation forum, and some of the teachers at school.

Seeing that Wang Ming and Wang Ling weren't saying anything, Li Mingyao was already convinced that they knew Wang Ling, so he started to increase his bargaining chips. "As long as you can help me find Classmate Wang Ling, I'm willing to offer an insider account on the 'Cool Collection of Four' app... from level one to level three... no! Level four! Level one to level four skill scrolls, as long as they're in the app, you can browse them whenever you want!"

But as Li Mingyao said this, Wang Ming and Wang Ling had already stood up together.

"I'm sorry, we don't know Student Wang Ling. Why don't you try asking someone else?" Wang Ming patted Li Mingyao lightly on the shoulder.

Before Li Mingyao could reply, Wang Ming promptly looked at him and shouted, "Thank you!"

To give other people a taste of their own medicine...

This was exactly Wang Ming's style.





Chapter 721 Unity, Is Strength...


After meeting Li Mingyao, Wang Ling realized he had completely become famous, and had probably been noticed by some of the big families in Songhai.

The four big families of Songhai whom Li Mingyao had mentioned were a typical example. To be able to draw the attention of the four big families was enough to prove how serious the issue was.

Fortunately, Wang Ling himself was not stupid and had already been on guard earlier on.

With the upgraded version of the Great Shielding Spell, it was almost impossible to investigate him, but Wang Ling was starting to feel a little worried. Previously, the Demon Hunters Association hadn't been able to track him down, and so had started to attack the people around him, making trouble for almost all the people who were close to him.

Had this Night Chief, far abroad, truly come up with a revenge plan this time that was aimed specifically at him?

Wang Ling thought that this matter was far more complicated than it seemed...

...

Approximately half an hour after lunch, the Rainbow Glass Box piloted by Wu Zhenjun was about to arrive at the secure base station in the central zone of Beast King's Remains.

Before the box landed, all the students received an item — a custom-made smart watch.

Previously, all the electronic gadgets which the students had been carrying were confiscated, but after taking various factors into account, Huaxiu Alliance had gotten customized smart watches specially made that could be used inside Beast King's Remains. A signal tower had also been temporarily set up inside the Rainbow Glass Box and it covered more than half of Beast King's Remains.

The watch didn't have a camera function, but it could be used to set up chat groups and discussion groups to make it easier for students from different schools to get to know each other.

Of course, the most important thing was that these watches were also a safeguard.

Each watch contained a "one click for help" app. A soft tap on it was the same as firing a virtual signal flare, and the Rainbow Glass Box would immediately receive information on the student's location in the remains.

When Wang Ling received the watch like everyone else, a chat group had already been set up.

This was the entire group going on this Beast King's Remains summer camp, with over a thousand members...

Unfortunately, the watch had a smart ID function, so everyone would join the group with their real names. As long as a student put on the watch, they would automatically be added to the group, and the software would automatically change their name after identifying who they were.

As a result, Wang Ling barely entered the group before the messages directly exploded.

"Oh my god! Wang Ling? Which Wang Ling? It can't be that recent Fortune Emperor, can it?"

"What?! Wang Ling's in the group? Excuse me, Classmate Wang Ling, which dorm are you in? Can I go and get your autograph?!"

"Classmate Wang Ling, please take a photo with me!"

Wang Ling: "..."

The upgraded Great Shielding Spell screened those people who deliberately asked for information on him, and worked in a similar way in an online environment... However, Wang Ling never expected that there would actually be so many people paying attention to him after the incident with President Bai!!!

Fortunately, however, the upgraded Great Shielding Spell was very clearly in effect.

Although a group of people were asking for information on Wang Ling, no one could answer them.

Students from the other high schools couldn't help feeling moved — Number 60 High, was really united!

So many people actually kept their mouths shut and no one was willing to reveal anything about Wang Ling...

In fact, everyone could understand. After all, they were asking for personal information on a student. Number 60 High might have reminded its students before this that Wang Ling was still at the center of things, and if this wasn't kept under control, it would really affect his life.

However, the teachers and students from other high schools never expected Number 60 High as a key city high school candidate to be united to this extent... It wasn't just the teachers who said nothing, but the students were also unwilling to reveal any information on Wang Ling.

What kind of spirit of unity was this?

For a moment, a lot of students and teachers from other schools couldn't help staring at the screen and sighing with feeling.

In the past few months, it was Number 60 High who had been in the news the most in Songhai city. Assassins had mounted a sneak attack on them, the millennium-old Devil Emperor had upset their military training, and a spirit beast trafficking ring had targeted them in revenge... In the end, Number 60 High had dealt with them one by one.

So, was this the power of unity...

...

In his room, Li Mingyao, who had looked for Wang Ling and asked the person himself for information on him, was also lost in deep thought for a long while.

There were two people to a dorm, and the person rooming with Li Mingyao was Zhou Youzheng, the third young master of the Zhou family, one of the four big families of Songhai city.

In some sense, Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng were birds of a feather. First of all, both of them were the third young master in their families, and they were both studying at Remnant High.

Moreover, there was hardly any difference in their realms and strength, plus they were competing with the other young masters in their families for power.

Therefore, both of them were in great need of "fortune"...

If they wanted to use another method to win their families' Young Master Succession Ceremony after graduating from high school in addition to cultivating even more vigorously, the best way was still to find someone with very good fortune and become their friend.

Both of them had had their eye on Wang Ling at the same time after the incident with President Bai, and they had come up with an all-inclusive plan to "lure Wang Ling" in with their proposal.

The news reports had said that Wang Ling was only at the middle Foundation Establishment stage, so their enticement plan had been tailored accordingly. Even a late Foundation Establishment cultivator or a Golden Core cultivator wouldn't have been able to refuse it, let alone a cultivator at the middle Foundation Establishment stage... The benefits and treatment they had offered were several levels higher than what could typically be found on the market.

After seeing how tight-lipped Number 60 High was in the chat group, Zhou Youzheng and Li Mingyao were silent for a long time.

After a while, Li Mingyao spoke first. "I didn't expect the whole of Number 60 High to be so united... I met a teacher and a student from Number 60 High in the canteen earlier. They clearly know who Wang Ling is, but they refused to tell me anything."

"Hm... I wonder if we should be more low-key?" said Zhou Youzheng.

"Low-key? What do you mean?"

"Think about it - doesn't it seem a little too bombastic to announce that we're of the four big families off the bat? Instead, people might dislike us for it."

Zhou Youzheng gave his unhurried analysis. "So I think we should move them sincerely and be quiet about our wealth."

Li Mingyao: "Brother Zhou's meaning is..."

"I don't think we've made our position in relation to Wang Ling very clear. If we want to ask Number 60 High for information on Wang Ling, we shouldn't reveal our identities as young masters... That's too high-profile."

Zhou Youzheng: "So, we might as well just directly say in the group that we're Wang Ling's underlings! Maybe this way, we might be able to directly draw Classmate Wang Ling out!"

Li Mingyao: "..."





Chapter 722 Gag Authority Technique!


After some consideration, Zhou Youzheng and Li Mingyao instantly felt that their plan was so clever that it was already godlike. Even if Number 60 High was tight-lipped, could that Classmate Wang Ling really continue to be indifferent to them, two young masters from the big families?

When all was said and done, to Zhou Youzheng's and Li Mingyao's minds, most Foundation Establishment cultivators didn't have a broad worldview. The reason why they were confident in this aspect was because after the incident with President Bai, they had secretly sent people to gather some information on Wang Ling, which showed that he had received a government subsidy before.

Although they didn't know exactly what this subsidy was, the fact that this Classmate Wang Ling had accepted it was a clear sign that his family situation definitely wasn't great!

Zhou Youzheng and Li Mingyao both felt that they were offering Wang Ling a chance to touch the upper levels of society. They just needed to continue with their sugar-coated offensive - it didn't make sense that they wouldn't be able to convince him!

Wang Ling already couldn't be bothered to look at the chat group, which was now full of messages asking about him. All along, he had never been used to a lot of contact with people he wasn't familiar with.

Back then, Zhuo Yi had gone to a crazy lot of trouble to find him.

But the reason why Wang Ling had finally acknowledged Zhuo Yi and accepted him as a disciple wasn't just because of the crispy noodle snacks membership card that Zhuo Yi had given to him when the latter had paid him a visit... Actually, what Wang Ling had paid more attention to was how their fates were linked.

Their fates had already started to become inexplicably entwined when the Gate Between Worlds descended six years ago and Zhuo Yi had become Wang Ling's scapegoat for the first time.

So for Wang Ling, Zhuo Yi was someone who was already part of his fate and wasn't a passerby.

Of course, Wang Ling had always thought since young that he himself wasn't anything special, and that he was just an ordinary kid who couldn't quite control his powers.

He liked to eat snacks, watch cartoons, and follow and discuss hot news in society. Of course, he loved the "sugar-coated bullets" which Zhou Youzheng and Li Mingyao had mentioned, but these things should be obtained in an upright manner.

Wang Ling really didn't dare take something for nothing...

The Heavenly Dao's principle of equivalent exchange had taken root deep in Wang Ling's mind from a very young age. There was no such thing as a free lunch; in giving and taking, all food had its own price.

So Wang Ling didn't care at all about the thing with Zhou Youzheng and Li Mingyao.

On the other hand, Wang Ming was delighted. That Li Mingyao was a typical rich second generation son, crazily firing sugar-coated bullets in the canteen earlier. At first, Wang Ming had wondered whether he should mess around with this person, but now things were getting even more interesting... Now there were two of them! Even Zhou Youzheng, the third young master of the Zhou family, had become involved. This was simply double the fun!

...

With less than half an hour to go before the Rainbow Glass Box arrived at their destination, Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng started to stir things up in the chat group.

As if he was telling the whole world, Li Mingyao directly announced in the group, "Ah, dear friends of Number 60 High, it's fine even if you don't tell us. Zhou Youzheng and I have already found Classmate Wang Ling, and have already asked him to be our big brother. If you don't believe me, you can ask him later."

Most of the people in the group were stunned at these words. It didn't sound like a joke -

if it was, shouldn't there at least be a funny emoji at the end of this statement?

Moreover, this was the main group, which also had the teachers from various schools!

Who were Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng? They were the young masters of the Li family and the Zhou family, two of the four big families of Songhai city. The teachers would usually give them some face in school; even when criticizing them, the teachers didn't dare use too severe a tone. These two had now actually announced that they had become that Classmate Wang Ling's underlings...

It wasn't just the teachers and students from other schools, but even the students and teachers from Number 60 High in the group were all blank.

Because given Wang Ling's personality, the first reaction that a lot of the people from Number 60 High had was that Wang Ling wasn't this type of person. He was average in his studies and he wasn't very talkative. If it hadn't been for that incident with President Bai, a lot of them probably wouldn't have remembered Wang Ling... In short, in the eyes of many from Number 60 High, Wang Ling was a bit of a "lone ranger."

It was only his classmates like Chen Chao and Guo Hao who didn't think so.

Wang Ling indeed usually didn't like to say much, and was aloof with outsiders because he wasn't familiar with them. However, he had studied together with this bunch from Grade One, Class Three for almost half a year.

Therefore, Chen Chao, Guo Hao and everyone else in Grade One, Class Three had once animatedly discussed Wang Ling's real character when he hadn't been in the classroom.

Finally, they had summed it up in one word: "mensao"...

Having said that, it indeed wasn't in-character for Wang Ling to accept underlings.

Hence, people from Number 60 High started to question how true this was.

"Really? Why don't I believe it?" Guo Hao, Wang Ling's deskmate, was the very first person to question it.

Actually, while it was uncertain whether the same could be said of the other people from Number 60 High, absolutely no one in Grade One, Class Three would give away information on Wang Ling so easily to people from other schools, even without the Great Shielding Spell in effect.

As the saying went, "a friend in need is a friend indeed." When they had previously heard that something terrible had happened to Wang Ling, everyone in Grade One, Class Three had been grieved for a long time.

The most crucial point, moreover, was that the students and parents who had been coming to Number 60 High recently to absorb fortune by paying homage to "Wang Ling" actually disgusted the whole school.

"Are these Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng fishing?" Chen Chao wondered in his room.

He and Guo Hao were in the same room.

Actually, anyone who used their brains just a little would be able to guess what these two rich young masters were up to, but even then there were some people who still fell into the trap.

Because of Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng's words, momentum in the group immediately picked up, and some even asked for Wang Ling's room number...

"This is a good opportunity." Li Mingyao's face lit up when he saw the flood of messages in the group.

"As soon as someone asks that Classmate Wang Ling later, we'll know who he is," Zhou Youzheng said with a smile.

In the end, no sooner had the two of them finished speaking when a system notification promptly popped up in the chat group.

System message: User "Li Mingyao" is banned for 6 hours.

System message: User "Zhou Youzheng" is banned for 6 hours.

Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng: "???"

Wang Ming had activated his skill — Gag Authority Technique!

It was Wang Ming who had originally designed this internal chat software, so he had the highest level of authority. It took only a matter of minutes to ban two people.

"Done."

Wang Ming dusted his hands.

Dare to bully Wang Ling?

These two guys had a lot of nerve...

So what if they were from the four big families of Songhai city? If it wasn't for the fact that the Wang family heir was obsessed with crispy noodle snacks, these four big families would be nothing!





Chapter 723 Jinghua Royal Teacher's College


Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng were caught off guard by Wang Ming's Gag Authority Technique. They were from Songhai's four big families - usually, even the headmaster had to be respectful when he saw them, yet there was actually a teacher who dared to directly ban them?

Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng felt that this was utterly inconceivable.

And the most important thing was that this was still in the main group. After being banned, the two of them instantly felt that they had lost face - what would those in the group who knew their identities think of them?

Instantly, Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng felt like they had been struck a further blow.

Li Mingyao was stupefied. "I'm going to find our teacher and see if he can lift the ban."

All the lead teachers had been set as administrators in this summer camp chat group. Li Mingyao thought this would work, and quickly started to type a message which he then sent to his lead teacher.

In the end, the message directly turned into an exclamation mark, which was a sign that the other party hadn't received the message.

System message: During the period of the ban, you have been put on a PM blacklist and are forbidden from chatting with anyone in the group. Time of ban remaining: 5 hours and 58 minutes...

Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng: "???"

Being banned also included being blacklisted?

What the hell was with this operation??

Wang Ming could already picture how discomfited those two young masters must be. He had just set up this secondary blacklist effect. Wang Ming had expected that given the characters of Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng these two young masters, they would definitely PM their lead teacher to lift the ban, so he had spent roughly thirty seconds rewriting the rules just now.

Except for him and Wu Zhenjun, both of whom had the highest level of administrative authority, the rest of the administrators could only ban someone, but couldn't lift it. Moreover, once someone was banned, the system would blacklist them for the duration of the ban.

It was just like Wang Ming to go the whole hog...

The point was that it wasn't just Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng who were stunned stupid by this gag rule, the teachers from Remnant High were also shocked.

Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng's lead teacher then directly looked for Wang Ming in a private chat. "Lao Gudong Xiaoer from Number 60 High? Why did you ban my students?"

This teacher's name was Yuan Hua, who had graduated from Jinghua Royal Teacher's College. Before Wang Ming had confirmed his own participation in this summer camp, he had investigated all the teachers. This Teacher Yuan Hua's qualifications weren't simple. Moreover, among the lead teachers this time, the chief commander Wu Zhenjun was actually also a graduate from this Jinghua Royal Teacher's College.

Furthermore, back when Wu Zhenjun and this Teacher Yuan Hua graduated, they were included on the list of most outstanding graduates of the last century. To this day, their photos still hung in the school's exhibition building on campus... Very few people were actually qualified to be regarded as the top graduates of the last century at Jinghua Royal Teacher's College.

Including Teacher Yuan Hua and Wu Zhenjun, Jinghua Royal Teacher's College had awarded this title to only seven people.

It was also because of this that these seven graduates were now known in the outside world as the "Royal Seven Scholars1"...

1(A play on the "Royal Seven Warriors of the Sea" from the series "One Piece.") Bearing in mind the development of Number 60 High's future relationship with other schools, Wang Ming replied in as smooth a tone as possible to this lead teacher from Remnant High, "Teacher Yuan, your students started a rumor about my student. The fact that I only banned them for six hours is already a courtesy. Outside, those who spread rumors now are detained when the rumor has been forwarded over five hundred times, for at least seven to fifteen days. So many people in our group have already seen it, but I only banned them for six hours... This is already giving you and Remnant High face with this discount!"

Teacher Yuan Hua was speechless. "..." What fucking discount!

Yuan Hua took a deep breath and tried to keep calm. "Lao Gudong Xiaoer, you should know who these two students are, right?"

"Yes," Wang Ming replied quickly. "They are the third young masters of the Li and Zhou families of the four big families of Songhai city. But the people I banned are Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng. What does that have to do with the third young masters?"

"..."

Yuan Hua: "Lao Gudong Xiaoer, for the sake of the future relationship between our two schools, I think it would still be better for you to lift the ban. The Rainbow Glass Box is going to land at the base station soon. If this matter makes students in both schools unhappy, can you shoulder that responsibility?"

When Wang Ming heard this, he had to say that Teacher Yuan Hua's words actually did make sense.

Number 60 High was a key city high school candidate, while Remnant High was a famous key high school in a different district. Students in such key high schools had a strong sense of collective honor. While everyone had come on this summer camp to learn and in the name of joint progress, this process of learning and broadening their horizons was actually similar to an inter-school competition.

And this perhaps was what Teacher Yuan Hua wanted to imply: What if the students from Remnant High didn't care about friendship in the competition and instead struck Number 60 High a heavy blow...?

Seeing that Wang Ming hadn't replied for a long while, Yuan Hua was a little impatient. "Lao Gudong Xiaoer, what do you think?"

Wang Ming typed his reply: "Let me think about it."

About two minutes later...

Another system message popped up.

System message: User "Yuan Hua" is banned for 6 hours.

Yuan Hua: "???"

Everyone: "..."

As a graduate of Jinghua Royal Teacher's College and a special-grade teacher who had a reputation as one of the "Royal Seven Scholars," Yuan Hua was very popular in Remnant High. When he was banned, a lot of the students instantly voiced their discontent, not to mention the other bewildered teachers from Remnant High.

A Remnant High student directly asked in the group, "Why did you ban Teacher Yuan Hua?"

Wang Ming wasn't in a hurry to reply, and instead sent screenshots of his chat with Teacher Yuan Hua. "Teacher Yuan wanted to have a private chat with me, but we are both cultured people. How can we scrape and bow to nobility?"

But the Remnant High student didn't buy it. "I don't believe it! This image was definitely photoshopped. Teacher Yuan is so cultured, there's no way he can do such a thing! How can a teacher from Number 60 High dirty someone else's name like this?!"

Wang Ming chuckled and swiftly replied, "If silence is golden, can a speaking ban on a cultured person be considered a ban?"

"..."

The student who had challenged Wang Ming flushed, but couldn't help denouncing him. "You think you're so hot just because you have authority?"

Wang Ming: "Sorry. It's because I have authority that I can do whatever I want."

Everyone: "..."

Elsewhere, the banned Teacher Yuan Hua was depressed.

He was online friends with Wu Zhenjun to begin with, so it wasn't considered a PM when he messaged the latter, nor was he pulled into the PM blacklist which Wang Ming had set up.

"Wu Zhenjun, hasn't this Lao Gudong Xiaoer gone a little too far?" Teacher Yuan couldn't help complaining.

"Should apologize."

Wu Zhenjun replied after quite a while.

"That's right, that's right, he should apologize!"

"I mean, you should take those two students who were banned to apologize to him."

"..."





Chapter 724 Mahjong Squad, Move Out!


Yuan Hua was silenced by Wu Zhenjun's words, because from the latter's tone, it didn't sound like he was joking...

It was only at that moment that Yuan Hua realized that Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng, these two young masters of Songhai's noble families, might truly have provoked a big shot whom they couldn't afford to provoke, although he didn't know the identity of this big shot.

Everyone in the group had been authenticated by the system and their names couldn't be fake. Staring at Wang Ming's pseudonym "Wang Xiaoer," Yuan Hua turned this name over and over in his mind, but to absolutely no avail.

Who was this Wang Xiaoer, exactly?

Teacher Yuan Hua was a little muddleheaded.

Just before the Rainbow Glass Box landed, Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng were told to go look for Lao Gudong Xiaoer when the box landed later to apologize. In order to highlight how serious the situation was, Teacher Yuan Hua went to Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng's dorm in person to tell them.

In the end, Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng went listlessly.

But their fire to pursue Wang Ling shifu didn't wane.

...

Elsewhere, disguised as part of the medical team, General Bai, who was leading the Mahjong Squad from Songhai First Prison, entered the fake remains smoothly alongside the team of experts which contained terrorist members dispatched by Night Chief.

Everyone wore white coats and had made simple changes to their appearances.

These fake remains were a specially constructed small world, inside which the environment and even some of the plants of Beast King's Remains had been perfectly set up.

And where they were landing now was the fake base station in the center zone of the fake remains, which looked exactly like the real one.

Everyone stood in front of the base station.

"Sarira Grass?" The Old Devil's gaze was fixed on a three-colored grass that was emitting a rainbow-colored spirit halo.

This was Sarira Grass, a completely extinct resource, which once was the primary source ingredient for making the Nine Cycles Sarira Pill, which was a powerful medical drug that could help the dying recover and was also known as the "Resurrection Pill." Even if your golden core was damaged or your nascent soul had disintegrated, eating a Nine Cycles Sarira Pill would reverse the situation right away.

The Old Devil remembered once asking about the price of the Nine Cycles Sarira Pill on the black market when he had just re-entered the world. After Sarira Grass had become extinct, the price of the Nine Cycles Sarira Pill had soared to a hundred times higher than its original price, putting it on par with the price of a first-class holy weapon.

Just as the Old Devil was thinking this, the terrorists who had been hiding in the team of experts pushed off of their feet to swiftly scatter in all directions.

Each of these dozen figures demonstrated their individual prowess as they slipped away quickly.

They fled on all kinds of various magic treasures.

One of them was even gutsy enough to stretch out a hand and try and grab the "Sarira Grass" that the Old Devil was staring at.

"Hahahaha! I got it!" The man took out a sickle magic treasure, and after cutting the Sarira Grass, he stepped onto the sickle and sped away.

They stripped off the coats worn by the team of experts to reveal the exclusive pitch-black cloaks of the Night Chief organization, which had the emblem of a purple sunflower wrapped in black wings on it and looked a little creepy.

With just one sweeping gaze, General Bai instantly took stock of how many streams of light had flown out.

There were fully fifty-three terrorists this time.

This was the exact number of people they had had their eye on prior to entering the fake remains.

General Bai distributed pocket watches to the Old Devil and others. "This is a radar tracker. All of you must operate in groups, except for the Mahjong Squad. If you encounter a tough opponent, you can press the button on the radar, and whoever is nearby will instantly hurry over as backup. They should find out very soon that these remains are fake. To prevent them from joining hands to break through the barricade, apprehend them as quickly as possible."

"What should we do with the resources that were stolen?" someone asked.

"Don't bother with them, they're fake to begin with." General Bai waved his hand.

"..."

"These are all quality fakes. The head of state knows an ikebana master who can make fake resources that look very realistic. This master worked overtime for half a month to set up these fake remains."

"Then why is this Sarira Grass glowing?"

"Well, this is a trick which this ikebana master learned from those fake goods dealers. Huaxiu Alliance cracked down on these dealers before, some of whom sold fluorescent facial masks. This master later learned this technique and applied them to his flower arrangements."

"..."

...

"Hunt them down!"

The three-man Mahjong Squad was already moving and took the lead as soon as General Bai gave the order.

The shortened prison sentences they would get out of this was very important for the three of them, and was based on the number of people they caught. Not including the special members, each person caught was worth twenty points. For every ten points they gained, a year would be taken off their prison sentences. At the moment, each of the three men would have to serve more than several thousand years in prison, so the points were very crucial.

While fifty-three people wasn't a lot, some of them were extremely strong and had been classified as special members. Each special member caught was worth five hundred points. That was the highlight.

Hence, as soon as he had arrived at the base station, the Old Devil had already locked onto the auras of these special members.

Out of the fifty-three people, only four of them were special members worth five hundred points...

If the Old Devil could catch them all, that was two thousand points, which would directly shave off two hundred years of his prison sentence!

While he was doing the calculations, he approached the position of the special member whom he had targeted.

The special member he was targeting was a mercenary whom Night Chief had hired from the Dark Network. She was also a Red A-Class fugitive wanted by Huaxiu Alliance, with the nickname "Bloody Butterfly 1 !"

1(The online persona of Chio, the main character of the manga series "Chio's School Road .. ") At this point, not long after Bloody Butterfly had fled, a bone-chilling sense of terror ran down her spine.

Bloody Butterfly instantly stopped her flight at this somewhat familiar aura and immediately concealed her own as she hid at the bottom of a mountain creek.

Bloody Butterfly's stealth technique was exceptional. She could use the "Emulation Technique" to imitate a spirit beast and directly blend into the surrounding environment. This was a more advanced technique than the pure "Invisibility Technique," since with the "Emulation Technique," her aura would also melt into the air.

This was originally a highly sophisticated escape technique. When Bloody Butterfly had been in danger several times before, she had used this move to escape disaster.

But this time, Bloody Butterfly felt something wasn't right.

Even when she used the "Emulation Technique," it felt like that horrible and somewhat familiar aura was stuck to her like a piece of gum.

A trembling which welled up from the depths of her soul made her twin ponytails shake.

This aura...

Who the hell was this person?

"Come out, my venerable self has already seen you." At this point, the Old Devil's voice rang out from behind Bloody Butterfly.

At the same time, he canceled his simple transfiguration spell to reveal his original appearance.

And this Devil Emperor's face, which had once shocked the whole of Huaxiu nation, almost instantly frightened Bloody Butterfly into a cold sweat...

Why was it him?!

Hadn't this guy been caught already...





Chapter 725 A Perverted Mage's Dream


There was a dismayed expression on Bloody Butterfly's face. In her camouflaged state, she didn't dare move at all, but the Old Devil was already slowly moving in her direction.

"Don't tell me he actually noticed me?" Bloody Butterfly's face was so tense that she was sweating like a waterfall.

When the Old Devil was less than three zhang from her position, Bloody Butterfly's feet shook and she immediately dropped her camouflage and swiftly put some distance between her and the Old Devil.

"There you are." The Old Devil looked slowly at Bloody Butterfly.

Her twin ponytails trembled with anger. "You..."

She realized that she had probably been tricked. This guy in fact hadn't discovered her just now!

"My venerable self only knew your general position, but didn't expect you to be so close. Who would have thought I would really force you to come out." The Old Devil chuckled.

Bloody Butterfly: "..."

Sure enough! Those who played tricks were dirty!

"But now it won't be so easy for you to try and escape me." The Old Devil pointed at Bloody Butterfly's feet.

"Huh?"

A puzzled expression on her face, Bloody Butterfly looked down, and her face turned pale.

When had this devil marked her with a tracker?!

Was it in the moment she had betrayed herself?

This reaction was too terrifying...

Facing this devil who had once shocked the nation, Bloody Butterfly started to feel increasingly nervous.

Generally speaking, the Old Devil felt that this Bloody Butterfly was a pretty good opponent and at the very least was on par with the strength of his current body. He was still adapting to this imitation body, and he didn't yet have full coordination while in it - it was far worse than the original body which he had had before entering the Stone Ghost Mask.

Fighting was always the fastest way to quickly adapt to a body. Ordinarily, stuck as he was in prison, the most he could do was beat up Evil Sword God.

Helping the government clean up these foreign terrorists and apprehending members of the Dark Network thus wasn't just a path of atonement, but also a rare opportunity to fight.

The Old Devil estimated that this Bloody Butterfly's strength was at the ninth level of the peak Soul Foundation stage, which was only half a step away from the Itinerant Immortal realm.

While the Old Devil was currently in an imitation body which wasn't at its peak, he had the strength of an Itinerant Immortal. While he had a higher realm than Bloody Butterfly, his coordination inside this body was certainly piss poor.

Hence, the instant he faced off against Bloody Butterfly, the Old Devil had already come up with a plan.

In this battle, the best would be if he could avoid physical contact.

The daily life of a Dark Network most wanted criminal like Bloody Butterfly was filled with knives and blood. Close-range combat was like breathing for this sort of person. Until he fully adapted to his body, the Old Devil would suffer greatly in a drawn-out close-range fight.

Besides, he was a mage to begin with.

He wasn't used to magic weapons like knives and swords...

Then here was the question: What kind of spell should he use to deal with this Bloody Butterfly?

The Old Devil was stuck.

The Chaos Ball was the technique he was renowned for, but the Old Devil didn't think that this petty Dark Network wanted criminal Bloody Butterfly deserved to have it used on her.

The Old Devil felt that if he directly used the Chaos Ball, then the game would be no fun.

He could wipe out ten of her with the Chaos Ball!

As he pondered this, a wind was kicked up ahead of him as Bloody Butterfly attacked.

The best defense was offense!

Soaked in cold sweat, this was the decision Bloody Butterfly ultimately made.

A slender black shadow darted out from under a tree and swiftly spiraled toward the Old Devil's back like an agile tentacle!

"Twin Ponytails Thrust!"

This black shadow was none other than Bloody Butterfly's twin ponytails!

She had refined her twin ponytails into a killing weapon and as another magic treasure for survival!

This was a surprise attack, but she failed. The instant the shadow attacked, the Old Devil had already made a quick decision based on his rich experience.

A light shield swiftly coalesced around him in a spiral, keeping him safe like he was in an egg and perfectly fending off the shadow's surprise attack.

Intangible Magic Shield!

This was a level five spell!

It could block magic-based attacks!

Bloody Butterfly clenched her teeth. From this spell alone, she could already tell how difficult it was going to be to deal with this devil.

The scariest thing was that the Old Devil had cast this level five spell in a flash!

Without any hand seals!

A spell without the use of hand seals... This was proof that the Old Devil had already reached the height of proficiency with this spell!

This was undoubtedly a fearful opponent, but Bloody Butterfly didn't give up attacking.

The ambush by the shadow just now had just been a feint!

The real attack...

Was behind!

Chi!

At that moment, a blood-red dagger stabbed at the Old Devil's back!

The dagger in hand, Bloody Butterfly smiled cruelly — she had him!

This Blood Blade in her hand was an extremely powerful magic weapon, specially designed for assassination and which caused real damage — both shield and armor were useless against this dagger!

"A body double?" The Old Devil's face was unruffled.

It had to be said that Bloody Butterfly's plan seemed to be proceeding smoothly so far, and could certainly give people a real sense of being overwhelmed. In such a short moment, she had created a body double to launch a feint, allowing her true self to sneak behind the Old Devil in camouflage to stab his back with the Blood Blade.

This series of actions could be said to be so smooth and natural that if it had been anyone else, they would have fallen for it.

But Bloody Butterfly underestimated the opponent in front of her.

The next moment, the smile on her face froze.

The moment she thrust the Blood Blade at the Old Devil's back, Bloody Butterfly felt her scalp tighten - he had grabbed hold of her twin ponytails!

"Fuck... ow ow ow ow ow!"

This pain was like from a boy sitting behind her in junior high and pulling on her hair, and Bloody Butterfly's scalp instantly turned numb!

She felt herself being completely dragged away!

The Old Devil hadn't cast any spells; he had simply grabbed her twin ponytails and the whole situation had immediately been turned on its head.

"Your hair's quite smooth, but nothing like my wife's." Twin ponytails in hand, the Old Devil sighed with sorrow.

General Yi had promised him previously that he would help him find the reincarnation of his wife with the Wheel of Time, but until now there still hadn't been any news. Now, these two soft ponytails unexpectedly made the Old Devil think of her.

"You... let me go!"

With her pigtails caught, Bloody Butterfly couldn't put up the least bit resistance. "This is a foul! Aren't you a mage?! How can you resort to something so uncouth?!"

This move by the Old Devil was completely outside of Bloody Butterfly's expectations.

Sure enough, did every mage dream of close-range combat?

Holding Bloody Butterfly's twin ponytails, the Old Devil cast a depletion magic ring around her, and Bloody Butterfly's entire body jolted as she instantly lost her strength.

Affected by the depletion magic ring, Bloody Butterfly's voice was weak. "Wh... What are you going to do..."

"Don't worry, my venerable self isn't going to do anything. It's just that your twin ponytails suddenly made me think of my wife." The Old Devil stared at Bloody Butterfly lying limp on the ground, and his smile gradually turned mean. "My venerable self has decided, I'm going to cut off your twin ponytails."

Bloody Butterfly: "Are... are you a pervert..."

The Old Devil shook his head and sighed. "Even if I am a pervert, I am simply a gentleman burdened with that title..."

Bloody Butterfly: "No... noooo! Don't come near me..."





Chapter 726 Cells At Work


Bloody Butterfly's eyes were red with the pain from her twin ponytails being pulled. At this very moment, she felt like a rabbit that had been grabbed by the ears by a hunter.

And the scariest thing was that this hunter still wanted to ruthlessly cut off her rabbit ears.

These twin ponytails were one of the magic weapons she was most proud of, but now she actually had to say goodbye to them.

Bloody Butterfly stared in despair at the Old Devil. At this moment, she felt that her entire life was gloomy. As a Red A-Class fugitive wanted by the state, what was she going to face next?

Crystal tears glistened in the corners of Bloody Butterfly's eyes, but she didn't make a sound because under the influence of the Old Devil's depletion magic ring, she didn't even have the strength to cry.

The only thing she could do now was wait to be slaughtered.

"Don't cry. My venerable self... is most afraid of seeing women cry."

Staring at the tearful Bloody Butterfly, the Old Devil had a complicated expression on his face.

He suddenly remembered the moment he met his wife "Yamai" for the first time. Back then in class, he had pulled Yamai's hair and made her cry.

Bloody Butterfly's tearful crying now unexpectedly gave the Old Devil the impression that he was seeing his wife.

Bloody Butterfly thought that this would prick the Old Devil's conscience, and at the very least he would let go of her ponytails.

However, the Old Devil's next words made her completely give up hope.

The Old Devil took a deep breath, and said somewhat eagerly, "You look like my venerable self's wife when you cry... can I gouge out one of your eyes?"

Bloody Butterfly was so frightened that her tears immediately dried up!

She finally understood why this Old Devil had once been able to plunge the whole country into dark terror...

Mom, I want to go home!

...

Elsewhere, Cheng Yu and Evil Sword God's pursuit was equally successful.

They rode the military magic swords which General Bai had given them. Because they were all mass-produced military magic swords, they were all the same in terms of strength - even the sword spirits had been artificially placed inside the swords.

These were assembly line products, and certainly couldn't match up to a custom-made magic sword. However, if their users were expert swordsmen, they could also be very powerful...

Since they were both sword cultivators, the two of them were acutely familiar with flying a sword in a chase and attack.

Moreover, General Bai had lifted the restriction on Evil Sword God's "Purple Investigative Demon Eyes" so that the latter could use it in the pursuit this time. There was thus no escape for these dozen or so foreign terrorists.

After Cheng Yu and Evil Sword God undid their transfiguration spells, a loud cry had rung out inside the hearts of the foreign force and Dark Network mercenaries almost in unison: Why had these three big shots who had already been arrested joined hands now in this place?!

Evil Sword God was relentless in his pursuit.

General Bai had said initially that if the targets were caught alive, the reward was full points. During the pursuit, if these people fought back after being cornered, permission was given to execute them on the spot... But if they were dead, the points would be halved.

Evil Sword God, however, didn't care about any of this. He activated his Purple Investigative Demon Eyes, and stepped forward to claim lives.

In a temporarily opened underground space, twelve people joined hands to build a barrier.

They combined to cast an earth-type spell called "Matrix of the Earth" to construct a solid space using soil as a foundation.

"Why is it him..." This group of a dozen couldn't help sweating.

They had scattered when they fled earlier, but because Evil Sword God had been hunting them all this time, more and more people slowly started to gather together to work out countermeasures.

Roughly five minutes ago, Evil Sword God had already killed five people, and with his left hand, had used invisible sword qi to string their heads together like tanghulu 1 ...

1(Sugar-coated haws on sticks.) Although they had completed the barrier, the enormous sense of oppression which Evil Sword God carried still made them feel as if they had been seized by the throat, even inside the barrier.

But what these people didn't know was that this wasn't Evil Sword God at his peak. Although General Bai had allowed the Mahjong Squad to participate in the operation this time, he had still put restrictions on their overall battle strength. Currently, each person on the Mahjong Squad could only use less than sixty percent of their overall battle strength.

But even then, this sense of drowning in killing intent still petrified people.

Damn!

They were clearly the invaders, but now they had to put up a barrier to protect themselves.

"Evil Sword God has probably already been recruited," a man dressed in white said in a low voice as he looked upward with a profound expression.

This person was also a member of the Dark Network as well as a Red A-Class wanted criminal like Bloody Butterfly. His nickname was Dark Fragrance, and his real name was Kill All The Cells.

"Lord Anxiang... What are we going to do?" someone asked nervously.

"Since it's come to this, there's no other way. Only by combining all the strength of everyone here inside the barrier can we defend ourselves and launch a counterattack." This Lord Anxiang in white said slowly, "We can't win with strength, but in terms of numbers, we may have a ray of hope..."

A strategy of sheer numbers...

They fell silent, lost in deep thought.

In terms of individual strength, they actually weren't weak at the third level of the Soul Formation stage.

This was the manpower which Night Chief was able to muster in a short time after the collective deaths of the overseas returnee group of elites.

However, even if each of them was at the third level of the Soul Formation stage, this was far from enough in the face of a person like Evil Sword God. Soul Formation, Itinerant Immortal, True Immortal... The disparities in these three stages were like night and day; right now, they were like clay chickens and pottery dogs huddled inside a dark cellar.

"This is our last chance, I suggest that we listen to Lord Anxiang," someone said just then.

Everyone looked at each other in dismay before finally turning to look at this Lord Anxiang.

The Dark Network man nicknamed Dark Fragrance took a deep breath. "First, I have to tell you that this is a forbidden spell and can shorten your lifespan, though not by very much. It requires everyone to work together..."

"Lord Anxiang, please go ahead! We are at your disposal!" the eleven people said in unison.

The man called Dark Fragrance explained, "There are roughly 37.2 trillion cells in the human body working energetically every day. The spell works to activate these cells, separate them from our bodies, and then further summon them out in secret formation. If used properly and with the twelve of us working together, we can conjure up thousands of cell legions..."

Hearing this, the eleven people were all enlightened: it seemed that this Lord Anxiang was originally a biological scientist and very familiar with the composition of cells in a human body.

"Thousands of cell legions?"

"Correct. The main force is the white cell army, and we can even form an army of priests comprised primarily of platelets! What I'm going to do now is summon a platelet out of my body to use it as a parent to draw out the cells from your bodies."

When he was done speaking, this Lord Anxiang had already swiftly made a hand seal as he roared at the same time, "— Ho! Cells At Work 2 Spell

2(The title of a Japanese manga..)





Chapter 727 Summon Platelets!!


The Cells At Work Spell was a forbidden skill that many people had never even heard of.

After the completion of the hand seal, all the people inside the underground barrier saw a layer of curse seals slowly rise out of Lord Anxiang's arm, and he then quickly bit his index finger to draw a summoning array on the ground.

The magic array wasn't large, but a lot of people present were confused by its configuration, as it was a mix of Eastern runes and Western curse seals.

Some people surmised that this spell was probably an Eastern and Western fusion, or that it was a Western spell which had been localized.

He reduced his lifespan to split off a portion of his cells, and activated them again in another summoning...

This sort of technique was truly astonishing.

Several dozen seconds after the array was formed, a crack suddenly appeared in the ground, and dark red blood actually slowly bubbled up out of the crack like a fountain of blood.

This fountain of blood then quickly retreated, leaving behind a blood shadow which gradually coalesced to become a cute little lolita dressed in red frilly clothes in front of everyone's eyes.

"This is..."

"That's right, this is a platelet from my body." The man called Dark Fragrance said, "It takes a certain amount of time to summon cells for battle, so we have to call on the platelets first and have them build an even more solid line of defense in order to buy us time to summon the white blood cells and the macrophages to fight."

So that was it!

Everyone immediately understood.

As expected of Lord Anxiang! As a Red A-Class Dark Network wanted criminal, he might not be on par with Red 3S-Class wanted criminals like the Old Devil, the Master of Immortal Mansion, and Evil Sword God, but he had a lot more experience in terms of battle strategy!

Besides, this platelet which he had summoned was so cute!

Just like one's own daughter!

Everyone present inexplicably felt a fatherly impulse...

If they survived this time!

They would definitely raise a daughter!

Seeing these people stare at the platelet, Dark Fragrance spoke again. "Next, I'll use my platelet as the parent. You will need to rely on the parent to execute a secondary separation spell, which is much easier to carry out than the original spell. Please make sure you remember what the secondary array looks like."

"Okay!" The eleven Night Chief members all nodded.

At that moment, someone asked again, "Lord Anxiang, will our platelets also be as cute as yours?"

"Well... since each person's body is unique, the appearance of the summoned platelets may vary. This is largely related to the body's usual health. If you stay up too late for prolonged periods and are on the verge of falling sick, the platelets you summon may appear abnormal."

After saying that, Dark Fragrance saw how some people couldn't help trembling.

Several of them put their palms together as if they were praying. "Ah! Great cultivation god, please bless me with a cute platelet! I promise that I won't recharge my Timi anymore 1 !"

1(TiMi Studio Group develops mobile games, so it basically means no more paying for games and staying up all night to play them.) "..."

...

While the eleven Night Chief members were hiding underground with Dark Network member Dark Fragrance, Evil Sword God was carefully searching for their whereabouts.

A few minutes ago, their auras had all vanished in a flash.

"Escape? You think you can escape?"

Evil Sword God looked at the tanghulu of heads which he had stringed together with invisible sword qi in his left hand and licked his lips.

If he wasn't limited to just sixty percent of his original strength, his Purple Investigative Demon Eyes would have already uncovered these people even if they had fled to the ends of the earth.

It was just a little more troublesome now.

"No one can hide from me..." Evil Sword God slowly closed his eyes and raised the tanghulu in his left hand to the sky. At that very moment, all of heaven and earth was quiet, and it was as if he was feeling for something.

At the same time, Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu stood on a cliff in the distance, and he narrowed his eyes slightly at Evil Sword God who was hovering in the air.

He was looking for killing intent...

Cheng Yu knew that this was the special skill which had made Evil Sword God famous, and it wasn't a spell.

It was a special perception technique that could only be built up by those who had spent years walking on the edge of hell... By grasping killing intent under this vast sky, they could lock onto their opponents.

As long as you stood on opposite sides on the battlefield, there would always be killing intent. No matter how well hidden it was, killing intent couldn't be erased.

Especially in a situation where you already knew who your opponent was... once you got hold of their killing intent, you just needed to exclude the people on your side, and the rest would without doubt be the enemy.

So this was Evil Sword God...

The Master of Immortal Mansion was scared witless when he saw this.

This was only sixty percent of Evil Sword God's fighting strength... if he was at his peak, how much more terrifying would he be?

Moreover, there was a sharp difference between the Evil Sword God with his soaring ego when he had eyeshadow on and the weak-looking Evil Sword God in prison.

Given this contrast, Cheng Yu didn't think it was too much to describe Evil Sword God as a monster...

Cheng Yu lifted his sword and dialed his focus up to the max, then let go of the military spirit sword in his hand to slowly float behind him as if it had a spirit.

So far, he had only caught some small fry, while the special Dark Network members worth five hundred points were now playing hide-and-seek.

But Cheng Yu also had his own way of finding them - and that was just to follow Evil Sword God from behind.

His best move was the "Thousand Li Sword Art," which allowed him to control a spirit sword across very long distances to behead the enemy.

Although this was quite unscrupulous behavior, a steal kill was indeed a feasible method at the moment.

There weren't many points for this operation, but many little drops would make an ocean; every little bit counted, and could be used as bargaining chips in the future to get his prison sentence shortened.

At that moment, Cheng Yu saw Evil Sword God in the air slowly open his eyes and fix his gaze on a piece of land ten li away. "Hiding underground? Only children go underground..."

Evil Sword God had already tracked down that bunch who had escaped his grasp.

But just as he was about to collect their heads, the whole of the fake remains unexpectedly started to tremble at that very moment.

An earthquake?

Evil Sword God and Cheng Yu were both puzzled. Everything here was fake, including the elements of nature... logically speaking, it wasn't likely for an earthquake to happen unless it was man-made.

When the two of them were pondering this, the ground which Evil Sword God had been eyeing suddenly cracked open with a rumble...

A humanoid monster stained with blood and tens of meters tall like Godzilla crawled out of the ground!

Everyone was shaken by this scene.

All the Huaxiu Alliance cultivators paused in their pursuit; even across such a great distance, they could sense the aura of this blood-red monster.

"What is that?"

"Could it be a blood demon? But... how can a blood demon show up here?"

...

Elsewhere, inside the underground barrier set up by the Night Chief members, Lord Anxiang was also startled by the blood-red monster.

A dozen or so people stared at a fatty in unison... because this blood-red monster was none other than this fatty's platelet...

"Lord Anxiang... This is..."

How could this be a platelet?

It was too different to the cute little lolita Lord Anxiang had summoned!

Wasn't this a cerebral blood clot?

At that moment, everyone received a grim reminder that they lived in fear of giants 2 ...

2(An adapted line from the Japanese series "Attack of Titans .. ')





Chapter 728 The Platelets' Codenames


In the fake remains, this humanoid blood-red monster that was tens of meters tall stood up unhurriedly from the ground, thick, dark red liquid dripping from it like lava.

But this wasn't lava. To be exact, it was more like a syrupy substance; because the fatty's blood sugar level was so high, the humanoid platelet he had summoned was incredibly gooey. When this thick liquid dripped off the body to the ground, it immediately turned the earth into sludge.

"Whatever it is, take it down!" A Huaxiu Alliance cultivator made a move as he flew on his sword and tried to attack this giant blood-red monster from behind.

Instead, he was sent flying by a spray of sticky fluid from the monster.

Aya!!

The cultivator shrieked as he was smashed into the side of a mountain in the distance. Even though he only had a few bruises, he was completely trapped inside the mucus, which was extremely sweet!

"What the hell is that?"

On the other side, the Old Devil, Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu, Evil Sword God, and General Bai had all noticed the monster, but had no idea what it was at all.

"This is 7364! This is 7364!" Other Huaxiu Alliance cultivators starting calling HQ to find out what this monster was.

In fact, in Huaxiu Alliance's command center, General Yi and the others were also alarmed by the sudden appearance of this giant blood-red monster in the fake remains.

"Old Yi, what do you think?" President Qi stared at the image on the screen as his thoughts turned over and over in his mind.

General Yi shook his head. "It's a little like a blood demon, but not really... The only thing we know for sure is that this thing was summoned. Chances are it'll disappear if we can defeat the summoner."

President Qi folded his arms and narrowed his eyes

"Can we analyze this substance?"

These fake remains was a made-up small world completely controlled by Huaxiu Alliance, so they had a certain ability to analyze the materials in it.

When President Qi said this, the staff members in the command center had already started to carry out the analysis.

It was a quick process which only took a matter of seconds.

Finally, the composition of this blood-red monster was tabulated and displayed on the screen.

Since it had a human form, this monster's body was comprised of water, sugar, fat and so on, but there was one substance which took up seventy percent of its composition...

"Platelets?"

Many people were astonished by the report results.

So, this was an awakened platelet?

"What is the overall strength of this cerebral blood clot?" asked President Qi.

The researchers were blank when they heard this - cerebral blood clot?

It didn't seem to be an ailment...

Such a huge lump couldn't be called a platelet at all!!

"From the analysis, it has the overall strength of an Itinerant Immortal, and should be at level three," a staff member replied at that moment.

"Level three Itinerant Immortal? It looks like this thing has a parent, and its strength is enhanced by radiation," President Qi immediately surmised.

A normal summoned creature's realm of strength would never be so fierce, so there was only one possibility, and that was that this blood-red monster had a parent. The parent would continuously supply it with energy from behind, finally increasing this monster's overall strength. There was in fact a special term for this type of summoning situation: Maternal Radiation.

"I recall a Western forbidden skill which was localized for our context: it's called the 'Cells At Work Spell.'" As Wisdom Saint, President Qi had already drawn a conclusion. "And there is a biologist on the list of Dark Network members whom Night Chief recruited, so everything makes sense now."

General Yi frowned. "If it is as you say, Old Qi, then it's pointless simply defeating this monster."

"That's right."

President Qi nodded and then said to the staff member next to the command platform, "Tell them they have to find the parent, or this blood-red monster will continue regenerating."

Platelets were cells with a hemostatic effect to begin with, so the self-healing ability of this huge monster would naturally be first-class.

...

At that moment, the situation inside the fake remains wasn't good; after the appearance of this huge blood-red monster, several smaller ones rose up from the ground next to it. Although they weren't as large as this "Cerebral Blood Clot," they were still tens of meters tall.

It looked like they were guarding something, with the tallest "Cerebral Blood Clot" monster in the center. Seven monsters stood in a line to form a human wall, their blood-red bodies rippling with extremely high sugar content.

Their intentions were very clear, as if they were telling everyone...

You shall not pass!

General Bai narrowed his eyes at the seven monsters and instructed everyone, "Don't waste time on these monsters. We must find the summoner and the parent as soon as possible."

Knowing that this was the Cells At Work Spell, General Bai straightaway knew that time was of the essence.

These seven monsters were here just to buy time, and the real purpose had to be the summoning of the follow-up cells. If the white blood cells and macrophages were called out in human form, it would then become a really difficult situation to settle.

Given their current numbers, they might not be able to withstand tens of thousands of monsters.

Moreover, General Bai himself was severely restrained. If it truly reached the point where the only thing he could do was wipe out all the monsters in one go as Explosion Saint, he might blow up all of the fake remains with his current strength.

But at that time, all these Huaxiu Alliance colleagues would also suffer...

"I'll handle these seven monsters. Everyone, hurry up and find the summoner and the parent! They should be hiding underground!"

Thinking this, General Bai clenched his teeth and soared into the air and dashed toward the biggest Cerebral Blood Clot.

He spread his palm and a ball of energy shot out!

Explosion, was an art!

Boom!

The head of the biggest "Cerebral Blood Clot" monster was completely blown off!

But as President Qi had predicted, not long after the monster's head was blown off, the mucus of its body swiftly piled up on its neck and in the end formed a new head.

...

The largest monster, codenamed "Cerebral Blood Clot," had the strength of a level three Itinerant Immortal.

The second biggest one was fifteen meters tall with the strength of a level two Itinerant Immortal. Unlike the other monsters, it was more yellowish in color and looked very oily, so this fifteen-meter platelet's codename was "Fatty Liver."

The third one was twelve meters tall and a level one Itinerant Immortal. While it was smaller than the first two, its chest was extremely big, and it was codenamed "Heart Attack."

Looking at this scene from afar, the Old Devil felt that these platelets were all abnormals1...

1(In "Attack of Titans," these refer to the titans that display uncommon traits or behavior.) The remaining four weren't as big as the first three, only five meters to seven meters tall on average, but they had discernable facial features since they were "thinner." Two of them looked more terrible and sluggish, and were codenamed "Brainless and Unhappy2."

2(A Chinese cartoon.) Of the last two monsters, one had a big head and the other a small one.

Codenames: Big Head Son and Small Head Father3...

3(A Chinese cartoon series.)





Chapter 729 What the Hell? So You Were Also Captured by That Great Master?


These were almost deformed humanoid platelets manipulated by humans, and they were obviously the sort with low IQ. Their massive and deformed states directly led to abnormalities in their brains. Usually, a cell summoned to take human form by the Cells At Work Spell should look like the parent platelet summoned by Lord Anxiang, a very pretty little lolita.

What was very clear was that the lives of these Night Chief cultivators were generally messy and they didn't take very good care of themselves, thus resulting in this current situation.

Whether it was cultivators or ordinary people, they needed to pay attention to their health in their daily lives. While cultivators could go without eating or drinking for days, this in fact consumed a lot of energy, and it wasn't like there weren't any side effects. This was the so-called work-life balance, which was the true path of virtue.

But then again, it wasn't like these deformed, abnormal platelets didn't have any good points; despite their low IQ, they had unexpectedly remarkable defensive effects.

It looks like when I use this spell again in the future, I'll have to find several fat shut-ins to work with me...

Lord Anxiang pondered this thought in his heart as he looked at this scene.

"Lord Anxiang, will we be able to hold them off?" someone asked nervously.

They could already hear the constant explosions above their heads, and from beginning to end, the pressure of a True Immortal pushed down on their hearts with the weight of a thousand pounds.

The legendary head of the Ten Founding Generals — Explosion Saint General Bai...

The Night Chief and Dark Network members hadn't expected Huaxiu nation to ramp up their efforts and actually get the head of the Ten Founding Generals to personally come and wipe them out.

If it wasn't for the remarkable self-healing ability of these abnormal platelets, they really wouldn't have been able to withstand this kind of pressure.

And not only that, in addition to Explosion Saint, the three prison bigwigs who were caught a while ago - the Old Devil, Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu and Evil Sword God - were also waiting for them outside...

It could be said that a lot of experts had gathered for this battle.

In order to protect the real remains and at the same time destroy this foreign force, Huaxiu had spared no effort this time.

And given their attitude, it was likely that Huaxiu wanted to get rid of them in one fell swoop!

"It's not over yet."

Their opponents were indeed tough, but Lord Anxiang and the Night Chief members didn't want to give up just like that.

Lord Anxiang actively managed the magic array and focused his energy. "It's almost done... The summoning to activate the white blood cells, macrophages and red blood cells is almost complete... I just need a little more time..."

He just had to successfully summon these activated cells to fight.

The white blood cells were very strong fighters. Coupled with the halo of the parent platelet, they had an extremely strong recovery ability and could render normal physical attacks ineffective.

Except for the Old Devil and Explosion Saint, almost everyone else on the scene used swords.

The white blood cells would be able to fend off most of them.

As for magical damage, the Night Chief members could only rely on the activated macrophages that were being summoned to absorb them.

That would be when they would fight back and then escape.

Of course, even if this final plan succeeded and they could escape, some people would definitely have to be sacrificed.

As for who the unlucky one would be, that would depend on serendipity and each person's own luck.

Of course, this was a story for later.

...

Elsewhere, General Bai, Songhai First Prison's Mahjong Squad and all the other Huaxiu Alliance cultivators were locked in a bitter struggle.

A lot of the Huaxiu Alliance cultivators had their movements restricted by the platelets' mucus, since if one of them got stuck, the others were bound to try and help.

This kind of fluid was extremely sticky, and using a water talisman to wash themselves clean seemed to be the best solution at the moment.

But the problem was that no one had anticipated this sort of situation this time, and the entire Huaxiu Alliance squad in the fake remains hadn't brought enough water talismans.

In a moment like this, a spellmaster was needed to draw talismans on the spot.

Instantly, a lot of people turned to look at the Old Devil.

In the air, General Bai once again released several giant mushroom eggs to burst through the bodies of the seven deformed platelets.

Looking at the current state of battle, now wasn't a good time to cast a lethal explosion spell with a wider range since some of the Huaxiu Alliance members were trapped in the mucus. He had to wait until everyone had been rescued.

"I'll hold them here, you go and draw the talismans."

While the seven platelets were regenerating, General Bai spoke telepathically to the Old Devil in the far distance.

The Old Devil pointed to himself in disbelief at being singled out. "My venerable self???"

He was Devil Emperor Gua Pi!

A grand devil emperor actually lowering himself to draw talismans... He would definitely become a joke if this leaked out!

"One talisman, five points!"

"No problem, boss!" The Old Devil was instantly fired up!

Everyone: "..."

...

The Huaxiu Alliance squad hadn't brought many water talismans, but they carried quite a bit of materials for drawing talismans on them. Materials for making talismans were essential in order for cultivators to survive in the wild, and it was precisely for use in this sort of situation. There were many times when a cultivator didn't know what kind of talisman would be needed, so they brought these materials with them just in case.

There was always the possibility of failure, but if you could find a cultivator who was a spells expert... then it was the best of both worlds.

Both quality and success would be guaranteed.

But the current problem was that it had already been a very long time since the Old Devil had drawn talismans...

From the day he became a devil, this sort of low-level work had always been done by the subordinates around him.

The Old Devil had never imagined that he would one day fall low enough to help other people draw talismans...

While the Old Devil was thinking this, some of the Huaxiu Alliance members had already prepared the materials: spirit water, cinnabar, the talisman paper and brush, and even a little table to draw the talismans on.

"Both of us are unfortunate and stranded 1 ; working to earn points is the most important thing for us." Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu landed next to the Old Devil and sighed.

1(A line from the well-known epic poem "Song of the Pipa" by Chinese poet Bai Juyi ..) For some reason, he actually felt envious.

For them, points might mean their freedom in the future.

Although each of them might be sentenced to over several thousand years, they could accumulate points little by little, which would add up.

The Old Devil picked up the talisman brush and said with a bitter smile, "Has this ever happened to my venerable self before? I'll treat it as gaining experience..."

At that moment, the Old Devil suddenly understood Wang Ling's mindset a little.

The mindset of an expert who studied and did things low-key...

The Old Devil couldn't help muttering to himself, "So that young big shot who scared my venerable self half to death back then tempered his mindset in this kind of environment to ultimately become a bigwig..."

The Old Devil was just speaking in passing, but when Cheng Yu heard it, he was dumbfounded.

When they had been sent to prison one after another previously, they had never mentioned how they had been caught. The most important factor was in fact that young big shot.

Hence, when Cheng Yu heard this, he instantly felt something wasn't right.

Young big shot...

"Hold on!"

Cheng Yu couldn't help speaking telepathically to the Old Devil.

The Old Devil: "???"

Cheng Yu stared at him. "The young big shot you're talking about, who is he... Don't tell me it's the same guy who grabbed me?"

At that time, the Old Devil also wore a stunned expression. "..."

What the hell?!

It turned out that this guy had also been caught by that great master...





Chapter 730 Artificial Intelligence!


While a violent battle was raging in the fake remains, all was peaceful inside the real remains.

It was the calm before the storm. Wang Ling followed the main group as they began to tour the base station inside the real remains. A lot of extinct resource specimens from inside the remains had been harvested and were documented here. It had all kinds of spirit plants, and was an eye-opener.

Each spirit plant was individually protected, and the temperature inside each incubator was regulated at the level most suited for the plant's growth.

The most impressive-looking spirit plant was one called "Fire Lotus Mix." In ordinary conditions, this Fire Lotus Mix was pure white in appearance and grew unsullied out of the mud. However, when the temperature increased, the petals of the white lotus flower would slowly start to wilt.

Having said that, the white lotus didn't die right away... It still clung tenaciously to life despite its extremely withered appearance! In the end, the white lotus completely transcended the secular world to evolve into its true form as a Fire Lotus Mix!

High temperatures didn't affect the Fire Lotus Mix; it could survive even in extremely red-hot conditions. At the end of its life, it would even directly pollinate its surroundings to produce new white lotus flowers.

Wang Ming deliberately separated from Wang Ling so that those two young masters wouldn't find Wang Ling. Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng were also busy...

While observing spirit plants with the group, they didn't forget to look for a chance to ask for the room number of that Teacher "Wang Xiaoer" in the Rainbow Glass Box. They really wanted to apologize to him!

"Classmate, do you know the zone and room number of Lao Gudong Xiaoer?" As they were looking around, Li Mingyao suddenly put his arm around Su Xiao's shoulders.

Su Xiao nodded. "You mean Lao Gudong Xiaoer? Yes!"

Hearing this, Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng were delighted.

But because this was related to Wang Ling, Su Xiao's memory very quickly started to become spotty due to the Great Shielding Spell. "Whoops, what room is Lao Gudong Xiaoer in?"

Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng: "..."

A moment later, Su Xiao scratched his head. "Sorry, I forgot."

Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng: "..."

This perhaps happened to everyone; there were times when you wanted to say something, but in the next second you suddenly forgot what you wanted to say...

Thus, it wasn't like Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng couldn't understand.

But the point was that Su Xiao was the eighth person they had asked!!!

And while everyone looked like they knew at first, in the blink of an eye, they would forget in the end... What the hell!

...

The plan in the afternoon was to tour the eastern forest in the fake remains. The research team was directly divided into two groups, one of which was responsible for the development of the western region. In the whole remains, only the eastern region had been completely explored, while the western region remained a blank.

Frankly speaking, the summer camp for broadening the students' horizons was incidental - the real bulk of the activity was still to research and protect Beast King's Remains.

Beast King's Remains didn't open all the time, so the research team naturally wanted to firmly grasp this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.

Apart from the research group exploring the western region, roughly a third of the remaining research group accompanied the students and teachers, since no one knew the spirit plants in the eastern region better than the experts in the research team.

There were two reasons why they accompanied the students.

On one hand, it would be easy to explain about the spirit plants to them.

On the other hand, it was for the students' protection. If a student was accidentally poisoned while surveying the forest, the group of experts could very quickly cooperate with the medical team to give relevant advice for treatment.

The afternoon forest activity also had a session which all the students were eagerly looking forward to — pitching a tent!

A summer camp without tents was a camp without soul!

However, taking the environment into account, Huaxiu Alliance had actually prepared special camping tents for the students' safety. The reason why students hadn't been allowed to bring their own tents was that the Alliance was worried that the safety features of their tents wouldn't be up to standard and would easily cause danger.

The students on this summer camp cheered up instantly. The fun of pitching a tent together, especially with people you knew, wasn't something a lone camper would understand. It was twice as fun pitching a tent with people you were close to or even someone you had a crush on.

But as the students were happily setting up the tents on one side...

There were two people who were feeling anxious on the other side.

One of them was President Dylan, who was hiding in the medical team.

He had just received the news that the Night Chief members and the Dark Network members who had been dispatched to the fake remains... would possibly be caught in one fell swoop.

This could almost be said to be an unprecedented crackdown unlike anything before, which left President Dylan in deep thought.

Because of this issue with the real and fake remains, when President Dylan had taken over the mess that President Bai had left behind, the army which had been temporarily established had already lost half of its fighting strength...

If things continued in this vein, it wouldn't be good for them.

President Dylan gazed darkly at the young man in the white coat up ahead — this was their bargaining chip...

In light of the current situation, President Dylan felt that he couldn't afford to delay any longer.

They had to take action as soon as possible.

...

Besides President Dylan, the other person who was fretting was Wang Ming.

The military tent used by the teachers was a compressed version of one that had already been set up and could straightaway be used as soon as it was taken out.

At that very moment, Wang Ming was making modifications to Head of State 001.

Although Head of State 001's status was invisible, this summer camp was its first trial run. As the designer who had drawn up the blueprint himself for Head of State 001 at the very beginning, this trial run was of great importance to Wang Ming.

But Wang Ming somehow felt that this Head of State 001 was a little different from his initial design.

Although there was no difference in its overall function, and it very obediently followed his commands...

The crucial point... was that this Head of State 001 seemed especially intelligent.

There were even some details which were slowly emerging.

Such as its eyelids fluttering and its eyelashes trembling... These minute expressions shouldn't be this precise on a humanoid magic treasure.

In the military tent, Wang Ming gazed at the head of state pretending to be Head of State 001, and the both of them eyed each other.

The head of state: "..."

The more he looked, the more amazed Wang Ming felt, because after staring at it for a while... he noticed that Head of State 001 was actually sweating!

What the heck!!!

Was this the evolution of artificial intelligence?!

Wang Ming turned pale with shock.

What a momentous discovery.

He had to record this down as soon as possible!





Chapter 731 Step It Up!!


Something was wrong with this Head of State 001.

This was Wang Ming's first impression after making notes in his small notebook, and he was now entertaining the possibility that Head of State 001 had been switched. The current Head of State 001 was just too intelligent... In addition, it was vividly displaying a lot of minute expressions that had yet to be tested.

That was a little unrealistic...

Inside the military tent, Wang Ming carefully looked this slightly unusual Head of State 001 up and down.

A moment later, Wang Ming suddenly shouted, "Activate! Super Transformation Mode!"

The head of state froze for a moment. Did Head of State 001 have this operation?

However, he forced himself to start the "Super Transformation Mode" at Wang Ming's request. After Wang Ming gave the order, the head of state's body suddenly shot up several inches and he turned into an impressive muscular man in front of Wang Ming.

This... could be considered a Super Transformation Mode, right?

But Wang Ming was struck by realization at this scene.

Sure enough, there was something wrong with this Head of State 001!

The original Head of State 001 which he had designed didn't have a Super Transformation Mode at all!

...

Elsewhere, the battle inside the fake remains continued.

The Old Devil was indeed worthy of his name. As the age-old devil emperor who had plunged Huaxiu into black terror back then, and as a Tank mage with experience in close- and long-range battles, he very quickly began to churn out water talismans en masse.

Furthermore, these water talismans were so powerful that one was equivalent to five of the original talismans!

Those Huaxiu Alliance cultivators who were trapped in the deformed platelets' mucus were rescued with the water talismans one by one.

General Bai, together with Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu and Evil Sword God, hovered in the air; with these two people acting to protect him, General Bai was determining the range of his blast.

In order to not get the innocent involved, General Bai immediately threw out a "Tight Net" from his sleeve after confirming that the last trapped Huaxiu Alliance member within explosion range had been successfully rescued.

"Go!" General Bai manipulated the "Tight Net" into directly covering the heads of the platelets.

This was a limited use magic artifact, just like the Three Views-Shattering Hammer which Wang Ling had specially made for Immortal Zhenyuan.

But it would only work once.

Immediately after the Tight Net was thrown out, a powerful net-like barrier was formed, which trapped all the seven abnormal platelets inside.

General Bai's explosions had been restrained earlier when his allies had been trapped before.

But this time, he would demonstrate his true art.

Seeming to sense the heavy killing intent that had permeated the air, these seven deformed platelets that had been standing around foolishly started to roar one after another as they felt the incoming danger.

This was also a direct signal to the summoner that they wouldn't be able to hold out much longer.

Inside the underground barrier, Lord Anxiang, who heard the roars of the platelets, didn't even frown. He had known that it was impossible for the seven platelets alone to stop Huaxiu Alliance, especially since a True Immortal was in charge this time. Furthermore, it was Explosion Saint, the head of the Ten Founding Generals...

Lord Anxiang was already quite satisfied that they were able to hold the other party at bay for so long.

Next to Lord Anxiang, the expression of that cute and lovable lolita parent platelet changed dramatically at that moment, as whatever mental pressure the seven deformed platelets were feeling were ultimately transmitted back to the parent.

The platelets were connected to the parent, so theoretically, the seven deformed platelets would survive as long as the parent wasn't destroyed... on the condition that there was something left of the seven deformed platelets. It didn't have to be much; just a little bit of cell tissue was enough for a full regeneration.

But if these seven abnormals sustained severe damage and were wiped out all at once, then the parent would be implicated and die with them.

"Almost done."

Lord Anxiang knew at that moment that the platelets were mostly likely already about to be destroyed.

So he concentrated even more.

Just a little bit more... if there was a progress bar, 95% of the summoning was already complete.

It was just another 5% before an army of white blood cells and macrophages would appear on the battlefield!

All the Night Chief members inside the underground barrier shivered as they felt the powerful killing intent permeate the air. This power was too strong...

Was this the power of a True Immortal?

They had never directly faced the pressure from a True Immortal before.

Even in Night Chief, the only people qualified to see Lord Night Ghost Spirit Emperor, who was also a True Immortal, were those big shot presidents who made up the organization's core and members of the command center.

Most of them had never experienced the real power of a True Immortal.

Thus, these Night Chief members couldn't help being scared witless.

A True Immortal expert...

Was this what it felt like to be oppressed by someone who had the strongest realm in the world?

At that moment, they felt like children who had just come out of a mountain village to see the big world and were only just realizing how narrow their own horizons were.

Compared with a True Immortal, they really were like a bunch of laughable frogs in a well...

...

The barrier was complete!

In the air, General Bai took a deep breath and assumed a battle pose, ready to blow things up.

Looking at this scene, many of his Huaxiu Alliance allies immediately knew that General Bai was about to "step it up"!

Standing straight in the air, General Bai put his hands together. After a few seconds, a golden ball of energy gathered in his hands. Gripping this energy ball between both hands, he slowly brought it down by his waist, which was the standard pose for gathering power.

"Ha meh! — Ha meh! —"

In a short five or six seconds, the "qi" of heaven and earth immediately encircled this golden energy ball, which got bigger and bigger.

"He's going to fire it!"

A lot of people held their breaths as they watched this scene.

The next moment, General Bai gave a roar, and the energy ball in his hand instantly turned into a great golden blast which shot forward like the Hyper Beam to strike the earth. In a flash, all the trees within a hundred-li radius were blasted to smithereens as a massive mushroom cloud rose up!

The waves of thick smoke were securely trapped inside the "Tight Net" barrier.

Many people who felt the violent tremors through the earth were indescribably frightened. If it wasn't for the "Tight Net" barrier, General Bai's blast just now might have impacted the area up to thousands of li away...

And all of the fake remains would have been destroyed.

After releasing this attack, General Bai sighed.

He had already controlled the range of this blast, otherwise it would have wrecked at least seventy percent of the fake remains.

Although these remains were fake, in order to capture the foreign party this time, a lot of resources had still been used to set up the remains.

Thus, the fake remains were public property...

As one of the Ten Generals, protecting public property to the best of his ability and ultimately recycling them for use were factors which General Bai had to consider.

The protection of the environment!

This was everyone's responsibility!





Chapter 732 Edible Soil


The blast shook earth and heaven.

Billows of thick smoke filled the entire Tight Net barrier and took a long time to disperse, making it hard to clearly see what was happening inside.

The only thing that was certain was that the blast just now had directly leveled the ground, and all the trees within a hundred-li radius had been blown to smithereens without leaving even a single bit of debris left.

This was a blast at True Immortal level...

This was the power of General Bai's attack.

At the same time, this scene made the Old Devil sweat a little.

The truth was, the whole of Huaxiu nation being enveloped in Devil Emperor Gua Pi's black terror back then was just an exaggerated legend... Although his personal invasion of Huaxiu's National Palace in his search for the Wheel of Time had indeed become a hot topic for quite a long time, it definitely wasn't as terrible as the rumors had boasted.

After all, in those days, in order to deal with Blademaster General Yi Jianchuan, he had also suffered a lot.

During that period when the Old Devil had been wreaking havoc, this General Bai had been in seclusion. Otherwise, the Old Devil felt that even at his peak, he would have been hard-pressed to deal with the other party's explosive power.

Among the Ten Generals, General Bai was ranked first in battle strength and General Yi was ranked third.

It had already been very difficult for the Old Devil to deal with the third-ranked; it was really hard to say what the outcome would have been if he had fought the first-ranked general back then.

Recalling the past, the Old Devil couldn't help sweating in his heart.

Speaking logically, he still felt that the pressure from this General Bai wasn't as heavy as the pressure from that teenager... Even though that youngster hadn't performed any sort of heaven-defying move in front of the Old Devil back then, he had certainly played a crucial role in the Old Devil's eventual arrest.

In his overall plan back then, he had had two critical arrays: one was the Body-Turning Array, which could absorb vitality, and the other was the magic array for summoning the Gate Between Worlds.

But because of that boy, his plan had completely fallen through.

Until now, the Old Devil could never forget the image of that boy single-handedly closing the Gate Between Worlds...

To this day, the Old Devil still couldn't help shivering when he thought about it.

Looking at the profound expression on the Old Devil's face as he drew the talismans, Cheng Yu immediately knew that the Old Devil was probably thinking of something upsetting...

A moment later, the Old Devil looked up at Cheng Yu and said, "Brother Cheng, I want to know, how many times were you slapped when you were arrested?"

"..."

Cheng Yu's face instantly darkened. "How many times were you slapped?"

The Old Devil recalled carefully. "For me, just once..."

After saying that, he looked up at the extremely excited Evil Sword God in the sky. "I heard that our friend up there was slapped three times before he was put in jail."

Cheng Yu's face became even darker when he heard this. "..."

He hadn't even been slapped at all!

Because back then, it had been Jingke all along who had dealt with him!

...

The activity that night in the real remains was a picnic. The lead teachers gave each student an abridged edition of a handbook on spirit plants. The handbook covered all the poisonous and dangerous plants that the students might come into contact with at this summer camp.

After pitching their tents, each person was assigned a task for the picnic, and everyone would need to use resources from the forest for their cooking.

Basically, they were supposed to make vegetable soup...

In Beast King's Remains, there were extinct resources as well as cultivated spirit plants. The reason why this stretch of forest had been chosen was because many of the spirit plants here had originally been brought in from the outside world by expedition teams.

The spirit soil in this forest was very fertile and contained many trace elements that couldn't be found in the outside world. The research institute had been analyzing the specific composition of the soil for years, but had yet to make any sort of breakthrough. It was precisely because of these trace elements that many types of spirit plants which couldn't grow in the outside world could effectively reproduce and grow here.

Thus, the resources which the students would be consuming for the picnic this time were also within Huaxiu Alliance's scope of consideration. Enough seeds had been sown here previously, and harvesting some of the spirit plants would actually be beneficial for their future growth.

Chen Chao, Su Xiao, Wang Ling and Guo Hao were in the same team.

The four of them set out and came to the edge of a creek. Chen Chao stood with arms akimbo on a rock and took a deep breath. "Do you know, I feel that the soil here is very different... I feel very relaxed and it feels especially refreshing."

Su Xiao nodded. "Mm, it certainly is a very special smell! It's quite refreshing!"

"The soil here isn't ordinary. Do you know, this soil is actually edible," Guo Hao said.

"Edible?"

"That's right." Guo Hao: "I asked a teacher from the research institute just now, who said that this soil is rich in nutrients and free of bacteria, fully edible. Of course... although it's edible, I heard that it's unpalatable, like chewing salt, and it'll make you very thirsty."

Wang Ling: "..."

Su Xiao picked up a handful of dirt and took a sniff.

The spirit soil had an indescribable aroma... If Guo Hao hadn't said anything, it really would have made a person want to eat it!

...

While the picnic activity was happening on this side, several streams of light fell from the sky on the other side and landed at the entrance to the forest in the remains.

The special ops team which Zhuo Yi had established arrived with Wuji in the lead as the party landed right here.

Luo Chuang was utterly excited. "My god, so these are the real remains..."

It was normal for him to be excited. For many years, cultivators all over the country had voted Devil Valley Beast King's Remains as the place they most wanted to visit to broaden their horizons. But since the entrance only opened inside Huaxiu nation, and the vast majority of resources inside the secret land was strictly regulated by the state, plus a variety of extinct resources grew inside it... If you wanted to come here to visit, it was really hard.

The only way was to pass the scholarly exam set by Huaxiu's Scientific Institute of Cultivation and Magic Treasures. As long as you could become an institute fellow, you would have the opportunity to follow a team in to study the secret land when the remains opened.

"This group of children really struck the lottery." At the entrance to the forest, Zhuo Yi couldn't help smiling.

This summer camp was really a rare opportunity, especially for this lucky group of high school students. Going for a summer camp in Beast King's Remains was something they could brag about for a year alone!

"Let's go in."

Zhuo Yi spoke at the entrance.

He could already sniff out shifu !

Shifu was in there!

But before he met shifu , Zhuo Yi thought it would still be better for him to first look for that Wu Zhenjun who was leading the whole group to explain their situation.

Luo Chuang was very excited. He had barely stepped onto the ground in the forest when Xiao Yin immediately cried out, " Aya ! Slow down! Don't step on it!"

"???"

Luo Chuang was startled. "Is the soil here also an extinct resource?"

"No..."

Xiao Yin quickly shook his head and then pinched his nose. "This is Devil King's shit."

Luo Chuang, Zhuo Yi and Wuji: "..."





Chapter 733 Zhai Yin's Counterattack


Xiao Yin's answer made everyone immediately freeze in place.

Zhuo Yi had specially done his homework before entering Beast King's Remains, and in particular had studied the map of the eastern region of Beast King's Remains which scientific research teams had already explored previously.

So Zhuo Yi knew that the soil in this forest was of edible quality...

This wasn't a secret. The last time an expedition team had explored Beast King's Remains, they had posted information on the soil on the state's authoritative scientific data website. It was said that in order to confirm the soil's functional use, the research team had specially engaged the food critic Yuan Zhou to taste it.

After eating the soil, Yuan Zhou said that his eyesight was clearer, his back was better and it seemed that even his skin was more delicate than before - these powerful effects were produced on the spot.

However, Yuan Zhou also said that after eating the soil, if he was grading how unpalatable it was on a scale from one to ten...

This soil was an eleven...

Thus, before coming to the remains, Zhuo Yi had actually been quite curious about how unpalatable the soil was and wanted to have a taste.

But after listening to what Xiao Yin had said, Zhuo Yi broke out in a cold sweat right away.

"Why are you so sure?" Zhuo Yi looked at Xiao Yin and asked.

Xiao Yin pinched his nose and said, "Human cultivators who smell this soil probably think it smells very, very appetizing! But for us who grew up in the holy beast village, we would come in contact with Devil King when the village had its annual meeting. Once you encountered Devil King and then smelled this soil, it smells bad! Stinks like shit!"

After saying this, Xiao Yin felt that his words were a little ambiguous, so he hurriedly corrected himself. "Ah, wrong, it's shit to begin with!"

Zhuo Yi: "Why did Devil King leave a pile... here..."

Xiao Yin casually pressed his nostrils and sealed his sense of smell before folding his arms with a knowing expression on his face. "The remains were originally the tomb Devil King left behind for himself. When he had been building the tomb back then, he had taken into consideration a lot of fengshui issues, and some of the spirit plants and whatnot had to be specially arranged. It was precisely because of fengshui that His Highness Beast King decided to create a whole forest. But he also suffered a lot to build the forest."

"Could it be that these trees can only grow in this 'soil'?" Luo Chuang theorized.

"That's one reason, but that wasn't the hardest part."

Xiao Yin nodded and then said, "In order to build this forest, the most difficult part for His Highness Beast King was to hoard his shit."

Everyone: "..."

For some reason, Zhuo Yi suddenly found that he already couldn't look directly at this soil on the ground which smelled so fragrant he had once wanted to try it.

...

The picnic activity in the evening was basically DIY cooking that students would carry out under the guidance of the lead teachers. Most of the small groups used local ingredients to cook vegetable and spirit fruit soup, but the taste of the soup depended on how the students combined the ingredients together. The lead teachers' guidance was nothing more than helping to check if students had put poisonous spirit plants in their soups.

Even if they had, it wasn't a big deal, but the summer camp experience would also count to their overall study points. If students did put poisonous spirit plants in their soups, they would lose points.

And these overall points would directly affect their evaluation for graduation from high school.

While collecting spirit fruit, Su Xiao came up with a lot of ideas for cooking them, but Chen Chao and Guo Hao didn't have any appetite.

This was because when they were collecting the fruit, these two people hadn't been able to resist the temptation of the sweet soil underfoot and couldn't help eating some - in the end, they almost spat it out.

The scene reminded Wang Ling of a magical lyric: "Have you ever eaten tasty baked gluten (soil) 1 ..."

1(From a self-composed song titled "Song of Gluten" sung by a man dubbed Brother Gluten after he went viral on social media when he was interviewed during a "Voice of China" audition.) Chen Chao and Guo Hao in fact weren't the only ones who were affected. A lot of the other students hadn't been able to resist the temptation of this "edible soil" and had tried it on the sly, only to still feel a little nauseated until now.

According to Chen Chao, this stuff was salty and had a fishy smell, like salted fish that had been fermented for one thousand years in lao tan 2 pickled cabbage beef noodles... The taste was completely different to how it smelled!

2(See chapter 133) And it was because of this taste that many students directly had no appetite that night.

When Wang Ling and Su Xiao were preparing their team's vegetable and fruit soup, they saw many students from Number 60 High as well as from other schools holding their stomachs as they leaned against the trees, their faces deathly pale and looking like life wasn't worth living.

"Good thing I didn't eat it..." Su Xiao looked at this scene in alarm and couldn't help shivering.

Because Chen Chao and Guo Hao had been K.O'ed one after another halfway through, the bulk of the work of collecting ingredients this time had fallen to Wang Ling and Su Xiao.

Actually, it was still Su Xiao who did most of the picking and gathering.

When the group returned, Su Xiao was carrying a bamboo basket on his back full of spirit plants which looked pretty strange. Lin Xiaoyu who had come poking around from next door mocked him when she saw this. "What did you pick?"

She grabbed a strange spirit plant that was black, purple and green in color and looked a little like a turnip, and couldn't help the skeptical expression that crossed her face. "Is this stuff edible? So ugly!"

Su Xiao pursed his lips. "This soil smells good, but in the end it's so unpalatable... Two of our men here are already down, but don't you know that when push comes to shove, the only direction to go in is in reverse? Ugly things won't necessarily taste bad! Stinky tofu smells bad but tastes great!"

This explanation instantly left Lin Xiaoyu speechless.

Then it was time to wash the vegetables and boil the soup.

Because this group lacked Chen Chao and Guo Hao as two important sources of manpower, the whole process was slower for them. When Wang Ling set up the pot, the aroma of tasty soup was already in the air from the front of a military tent not far away.

The soup was indescribably fragrant, and the aroma wafted far enough that even Chen Chao and Guo Hao, who were leaning against a tree after eating the soil, felt slightly less nauseated for a moment.

Everyone's appetites were almost instantly triggered.

"Whose soup is that? How delicious..." Su Xiao craned his head to look into the distance.

Someone coming back after going over to take a look replied, "It's that lead teacher, Teacher Zhai Yin!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Zhai... Zhai Yin?

That Zhai Yin who had almost killed one of the Ten Founding Generals with a dragon pork chop?

Wang Ling was astonished.

But to his surprise, he noticed from a distance that there were actually people already drinking the soup. Furthermore, everyone's faces were brimming with happiness, and nothing untoward happened at all.

Wang Ling pondered this, chin in hand. Had Zhai Yin's cooking improved recently?

The students drinking the soup all sighed emotionally. "Wow! I've tried several bowls of soup already, and this bowl is the best! It's actually a tasty salted vegetable soup!"

"Most of the soups cooked by the other groups are sweet! Some even made fruit soup..." someone complained.

That was because all the ingredients were local and no one was allowed to add their own seasoning, which directly led to many people making sweet soup.

Now that Zhai Yin had made a pot of salted vegetable soup, it was promptly praised by various students and teachers.

"Whoever marries Teacher Zhai Yin will be so lucky!"

A lead teacher of another small group praised, "Speaking of which, what did Teacher Zhai Yin add to the soup? Why is it so tasty?"

Zhai Yin, who was embarrassed by the praise, said a little bashfully, "It was nothing, just a bit of dirt."

Everyone: "..."

Zhai Yin: "I heard the students just now say that the soil's very salty, so I added a grain or so. I didn't think the effect would be so good!"

Everyone: "..."





Chapter 734 Real Target


On one side, a lively picnic was happening in the calm before a storm, while on the other, the battle in the fake remains still raged on.

In any case, after the Old Devil and Master of Immortal Mansion Cheng Yu's chat, they found out that it was Evil Sword God who had gotten slapped the most out of the three of them, and straightaway their expressions turned heavy with frustration.

In terms of overall fighting strength, the three of them would have had the strength of a True Immortal at their peaks... Although Cheng Yu himself was half a step away from True Immortal level, he had relied on dark powers to successfully cultivate an intrinsic spirit field beforehand. With the advantage that an intrinsic spirit field gave him, he could also act as a True Immortal.

But these two people absolutely never expected that it would be the eyeshadow and echo brother in the sky who among the three of them would have received the most slaps...

Hands behind his back, the Old Devil took a deep breath.

He and Cheng Yu exchanged looks. While they didn't communicate telepathically, at that moment, they came up with a tacit, mutual plan for a cathartic bashing.

When they went back this time, they had to teach this eyeshadow weirdo a good lesson...

Anyway, Evil Sword God getting beaten up in Songhai First Prison's special cell was normal - that guy had rough skin and thick flesh, and had cultivated the art of swift healing; he thus also had a self-healing physique.

It was just that this kind of self-healing physique wasn't as terrifying as President Bai's rumored ability...

...

Inside the Tight Net barrier which General Bai had set up, every living thing had been annihilated and everything had been blown to smithereens, like there wasn't even any dust left.

There was a massive crater in the ground; if one stood on the edge, if felt like staring into an abyss.

But this explosion hadn't directly blown that group of Night Chief members out from inside their underground barrier. The other side was very cunning, and had hidden very deep underground where they had established a barrier.

But though the explosion hadn't forced the Night Chief members out, at least those seven troublesome deformed platelets had been utterly wiped out.

The Huaxiu Alliance members lowered their eyes and lit candles for the seven deformed platelets called "Cerebral Blood Clot,""Heart Attack,""Fatty Liver,""Brainless and Unhappy," and "Big Head Son and Little Head Father."

At the same time, this incident caused these cultivators to turn mindful.

Even cultivators still needed to take care of themselves; they couldn't ignore the importance of taking care of their bodies just because they were cultivators. In addition to cultivating skills, cultivating the body and mind was also an essential lesson for a true cultivator.

It was common knowledge that cultivators lived longer than the average person. The so-called eight hundred years of the Golden Core stage and one thousand years of the Soul Formation stage were only what a normal lifespan could achieve in theory. If you didn't cherish your body, even if you were the most talented cultivator, your lifespan would easily be cut short.

It wasn't like in the novels; the truth was that in real life, there were quite a number of cultivators who died only ten years after advancing to the Soul Formation stage... And it was mostly because they went crazy day and night since they thought they didn't have anything to worry about as they would have very long lives after reaching the Soul Formation stage.

"I have to take good care of my body from now on. For the sake of my body platelets, I have to be more diligent in my cultivation and in taking care of my body and mind. This is what happens when you indulge too much in your desires..." someone sighed.

These desires represented a lot of things, such as food, lust, wealth and so on.

At that moment, someone couldn't help wondering, "Do you think there's a cultivator in this world who can sleep well, study peacefully and do things low-key all day long?"

Hearing this, the Old Devil, Evil Sword God and Cheng Yu couldn't help shuddering on the spot.

They were all thinking of one person... Wang Ling.

The Old Devil and Evil Sword God touched their faces thoughtfully.

This was where Wang Ling had hit them before.

Cheng Yu raised his hand, and then put it down.

Cheng Yu, had no place to touch...

...

In the air, General Bai's knitted eyebrows didn't relax after he released that blast. He gazed into the massive, round abyss in the ground. "Pay attention, it's not over yet..."

He had a very strong feeling that something more frightening than the seven platelets was about to come out of the ground.

Sure enough, he had hardly said the words when instantly there was a rumble from below.

Evil Sword God looked into the abyss, and the image from down below was directly reflected by the light of his Purple Investigative Demon Eyes so that it appeared in the air and they could clearly see what was happening at the bottom of the abyss.

A lot of snow-white figures had appeared at the bottom of the abyss. This group of people all wore peaked caps and held white daggers in both hands. Every single one of them was murderous-looking.

Although their physiques were far from that of the seven deformed platelets, it was obvious that this group in white were very lethal and destructive!

The most crucial thing was that there were so many of them!

In a flash, thousands upon thousands of people in white had already gathered, and more were still breaking out of the ground continuously like mushrooms after the rain!

"This is..."

The Old Devil couldn't help sighing as he narrowed his eyes at this huge momentum.

Back when he had personally broken into Huaxiu's National Palace, it had only been with ten thousand men...

"White Zetsu?" Cheng Yu was dazed.

"Aren't these transformed white blood cells?" The Old Devil was surprised.

So, what was White Zetsu 1 ?!

1(A character from Naruto who is all white in appearance.) Something that had once again been shoved in messily by this unscrupulous author to make up the word count 2 ?!

2(Clearly, this author has gotten a lot of complaints..) "Prepare to counterattack!" In the sky, General Bai gave the order.

These guys were too fast and too strong. A lot of them had already scuttled upward to try and rip through the Tight Net.

General Bai had already fired one shot just now, and had to wait for the gloves on his hands to cool down completely before he could fire another, otherwise it would place a heavy burden on his body.

On the other side, the command center was alarmed by Night Chief's momentum.

"They didn't just summon platelets, they also summoned an army of white blood cells..." President Qi stared at the image on the screen and frowned.

To him, this was just harming themselves.

Using the Cells At Work Spell to summon activated cells had the major side effect of a reduced lifespan.

Generally speaking, to minimize this loss, the best would be to summon just one cell type, but not only had the other side summoned platelets, they had even summoned an army of white blood cells, which cut down their lifespans even more by twice as much.

"Why are they doing this?" For some reason, General Yi felt that there was something wrong with this development.

"To escape, and to disrupt things..." President Qi replied quickly. "Also, Old Yi, I believe that their purpose now is no longer just about realizing their own ambition..."

"What do you mean?" General Yi asked.

"The rumor is that there's an advanced level thirteen secret spell inside Beast King's Remains, and whoever gets it can command the entire world, but we were strictly on guard this time and dispatched all these forces to eliminate this foreign party. I'm afraid, however, that their real target has already changed earlier on... This group of people in the fake remains are just creating a ruckus to distract us." At this point, President Qi suddenly felt a strong sense of unease.

But what was their new target?

Was it Number 60 High yet again?

President Qi pondered.

It shouldn't be...

After all, the villains who had stirred up trouble at Number 60 High previously were now all dead...





Chapter 735 The Signal For Action


In the command center of the Huaxiu Alliance building, President Qi carefully checked the list of Dark Network members that the government had investigated. Most of the troublesome ones had by happenstance been assigned to the fake remains by Night Chief, such as Bloody Butterfly and Lord Anxiang.

But from beginning to end, President Qi felt uneasy. Furthermore, it was such an intense feeling, like an axe was suddenly hanging high in his heart, and the rope tied to the top of the axe was already about to snap.

The last time he had felt this uneasy was before the sudden descent of the Gate Between Worlds six years ago...

In fact, it wasn't just President Qi, but General Yi also felt the same.

This was the ability to foresee a crisis, and anyone who reached the True Immortal realm would more or less have it.

As for the rumored sixth sense...

In general, the higher a cultivator's realm, the more accurate this sixth sense became.

Wang Ling's twitching eyelid warning itself was also a kind of sixth sense.

But this twitching eyelid warning was more precise than a normal sixth sense. If you had to find fault with it, it would be that any crisis it predicted was focused on Wang Ling himself and couldn't foresee other people's situations.

Wang Ling had had a premonition before that Lord Thunder was in danger, but he had gotten this from a prophetic dream. Wang Ling rarely had such dreams, so when he did have one, it would definitely come true.

But it just so happened that because he had to prepare for the summer camp and the final exams recently, he had actually been suffering from insomnia lately...

It wasn't that Wang Ling didn't want to sleep - it was just that compared with sleep, studying was the most important!

So long as you couldn't literally die from studying, you could study to death...

"If you are lazy in your prime, you will be sorry in your old age"...

This was what Father Wang had taught Wang Ling about studying since his childhood.

While Pen and Eraser these two gremlins could write Wang Ling's homework for him, this was based on the premise that he had to master all the knowledge first.

"Given His Excellency Head of State's strength, his presence this time is more than enough to keep the students safe." Gazing at the screen, General Yi stroked his goatee and spoke slowly.

"I hope you're right." President Qi sighed.

Be that as it may, they were still outnumbered. The main problem was that they still didn't know what the other side was planning. However, looking at the enemy's movements, the one thing President Qi could be sure of was that Night Chief's objective this time was already no longer just that "level thirteen magic treasure."

"Command center, send out the order! Have all the teachers in the real remains be on alert! Prepare to close the net!" President Qi gave the latest command to the staff.

He had initially wanted to see what this group of people were going to do before he acted, but now he was worried that the students might be pulled into the danger, so he immediately gave the arrest order.

This President Dylan thought he could slip quietly into their ranks, but before he had done so, Huaxiu Alliance had already acquired information on Night Chief's foreign force as well as the Dark Network rebels.

...

After Huaxiu Alliance issued the order, Wu Zhenjun immediately received the news on the other side.

The Night Chief and Dark Network members that had been detected previously had been isolated. They were lurking inside the medical team, and even their military tent for the evening picnic had been specially prepared by Wu Zhenjun.

Furthemore, in order not to arouse their suspicions, Wu Zhenjun had specially put the medical team in two military tents, and had had the regular medical personnel act as Barb Wolves 1 inside.

1(From the Chinese boardgame "Werewolf," and refers to the werewolf who acts undercover.) It would be suspicious if the entire group they wanted to apprehend were put together in one tent.

The moment Wu Zhenjun received President Qi's command, he instantly posted in a side chat group called "FisherKing 2 ": "Attention, everyone, prepare to close the net!"

2(A Chinese game app.) The members of the FisherKing group were all the teachers who were participating in the operation to close the net this time, and who had been very carefully selected by Wu Zhenjun.

Zhai Yin and Wang Ming were both in it.

"So soon?" Wang Ming replied with a quick message.

Wu Zhenjun nodded. "Yes, the higher-ups believe that this group is on the verge of taking action, which might pose a threat to the students' safety, so we have to act first. Everyone should have already read the information on this group lurking in our midst. Please remember not to hurt our allies when we close the net."

"Alright." Wang Ming nodded.

"Can Head of State 001 be activated properly?" Wu Zhenjun asked again.

"Yes, I was debugging it just now, but that won't affect its use," Wang Ming replied.

He had been in the process of debugging Head of State 001. He still didn't understand which program it was that was responsible for Head of State 001's intelligence evolving, but since a task had been assigned, he would have to wait for Head of State 001 to complete it first before he could continue with his research.

He still hadn't figured out how this Head of State 001 had learned this "Super Transformation Mode" skill on its own...

Wu Zhenjun: "Everyone get ready. In thirty seconds, wait for my signal and then move in together on members of the medical team in the two military tents!"

"Alright! May I ask what the signal will be?"

"Skr~ Skr~!"

"..."

...

On this side, President Dylan's infiltration plan had already begun.

There was a hiccup now in the master plan as Huaxiu had sent too many people to deal with them. Their main objective this time was Wang Ming; as long as they grabbed Wang Ming first and used him as a hostage, they believed that their master plan would ultimately still proceed smoothly.

Just a few minutes ago, Night Chief had sent over the latest information on this "Wang Ming"...

There was barely anything on him, just one information sheet which was his resume from his time in college, when he had still used the alias "Wang Xiaoer." The only thing they knew so far was that Wang Xiaoer was a fake name, and the young man's real name was Ming.

Based on this information sheet alone, it was clearly illogical for him to be a lead teacher qualified to enter Beast King's Remains with everyone else this time.

"The more he conceals, the more it proves that his identity isn't simple..." President Dylan had already come to this conclusion in his heart after looking at this information sheet.

He was quite sure that this Lao Gudong Xiaoer absolutely wasn't an ordinary person.

President Dylan also had his own side chat group, and the signal they had agreed on previously was a funny emoji. Once President Dylan sent "funny," all personnel would immediately carry out their individual missions.

But not long after this funny emoji was sent out, several powerful spotlights instantly lit up outside the military tent which President Dylan was in.

This was followed by two sharp artificial "skr~ skr" signals.

Dozens of figures instantly surrounded the military tents in a tight circle...

Outside the military tents, Wu Zhenjun's voice rang out. "Skr~ skr! The criminals inside, listen up! You are surrounded! Give up - to struggle and resist is futile! Otherwise, I will play Wu Yifan's raw vocal 3 !"

3("Skr" is a somewhat nonsensical buzzword made popular by Chinese rapper Wu Yifan or Kris Wu, whose poor singing in an unedited video online became a controversial topic) "..."





Chapter 736 The Village's Last Hope


Because of this operation to close the net, there was a lot of noise on Wu Zhenjun's end, and many of the lead teachers surrounded the two military tents. A lot of student bystanders who didn't know the truth went over to look.

"What happened? Are the teachers putting on an impromptu performance?" someone asked.

They had no idea at all that people from the foreign rebel party Night Chief had infiltrated their ranks.

By the time most of the students came back to their senses, the situation was already effectively under control.

"Everybody, don't cause more trouble, carry on with what you should be doing! This has nothing to do with you." Unprompted, a few of the lead teachers in the front maintained order since more and more students were gathering around, and unexpected danger might surface.

Holding a bowl of salted vegetable soup each which they had gotten from Zhai Yin, Guo Hao and Chen Chao watched from afar as they drank the soup contentedly.

Chen Chao elbowed Guo Hao. "What's going on? Does your uncle have any information?"

Guo Hao frowned and replied, "It might have something to do with a foreign power."

"Foreign power?" Chen Chao was puzzled.

"Yeah." Guo Hao nodded. "Every year, there will be some foreign forces who sneak into the remains. I heard from one of my uncles before that the country is prepared to come down hard on them, but I didn't expect it would be this harsh... Using sound artifacts like this can be considered pretty crazy."

Next to them, Su Xiao pursed his lips and asked in disbelief, "Do they sound that bad?"

Guo Hao: "Do you know why something always happens in music talent shows every year? Those foolish-looking ones who think they sing very well go up on stage and show off their vocals, but in the end, the judges almost flip the table at their singing..."

Chen Chao: "Why?"

Guo Hao sighed. "Because it's the sound artifacts that give them confidence!"

Chen Chao: "..."

Su Xiao: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Saying this, Guo Hao was suddenly curious. "Do you think anyone in our class can sing well? Isn't there a 'Classes Sing Well' activity at the beginning of the next semester? Someone has to be a lead singer!"

At that moment, all eyes turned to Wang Ling.

Because Wang Ling had sung in class with a guitar before, and it had been good!

Wang Ling: "..."

Chen Chao clapped Wang Ling on the shoulder. "It's decided, it'll be you, Wang Ling! In any case, you normally don't say much, it'll be good for you to have a few more lines!"

Guo Hao: "This subject seconds that!"

Su Xiao: "This subject seconds that!"

Wang Ling: "..."

...

President Dylan had no idea that they had actually been targeted from the very beginning... And the other side was actually treating them in such an inhuman way. Although he had long heard that the song which Wu Yifan Daoist Wu had sung in the shower was a major killer weapon, he hadn't expected Wu Zhenjun, who was Daoist Wu's disciple, to be so cruel as to record his own shifu's raw vocal!

Instantly, President Dylan's face changed dramatically. "You... If you dare sing, at worst we'll all die together!"

Irascible Dharmaraja Daoist Wu, the melody master, was exceptionally lethal... No one would try to take him on so easily, not even President Dylan.

This was a major killer weapon...

And the recording only needed to be combined with an amplifier magic artifact to be used.

As for President Dylan's words, Wu Zhenjun had already made preparations earlier on, and he gave the signal again. "Skr! Skr! Skr!"

As soon as Wu Zhenjun gave the signal, President Dylan saw the other medical personnel in the tent take out earplugs that they had prepared beforehand and put them in their ears.

President Dylan: "..."

Motherfucker! It turned out that they were well prepared!

At that moment outside the military tent, a sound isolation barrier had already been set up.

Now, when they broadcasted this raw vocal, everyone else wouldn't be affected.

Stun this gang first!

With a smile, Wu Zhenjun directly threw an audiovisual magic ball into the military tent. The moment it hit the ground, it shattered like brittle glass, and the voice of the legendary melody master Wu Yifan was finally released...

It was just a shower recording, but the moment the glass ball hit the ground, it actually became an intense force that could shake the air, as it turned into visible sound waves on the spot which spread in pulsing waves.

One by one, the Night Chief cultivators all covered their ears and collapsed as they writhed on the ground in pain.

...

A few minutes later, the Night Chief members who had been disguised as medical personnel were all trussed up and carried out one after another. The immortal rope restraints on them had been specially sent by Huaxiu Alliance this time. The more they struggled, the tighter the ropes became, plus they had the effect of suppressing spirit energy.

"Done." Wu Zhenjun dusted his hands.

This incident had come to an end, which was a huge relief to Wu Zhenjun; at least the students were no longer in danger.

Because of his black face, no one could tell whether he was angry or not. He stared coldly at President Dylan. "You're in our custody for now. I suggest you confess the truth. We've already applied to the international prison to take you in, and we should receive a reply very soon."

When it came to foreign criminal invaders, Huaxiu had specially applied to establish an international prison more than ten years ago. There were three international prisons in the world, and one of them was located in Jinghua city in Huaxiu.

In fact, that international prison which had been built more than a decade ago was for this plan today.

President Dylan grit his teeth, unwilling to cooperate. He had thoroughly underestimated Huaxiu Alliance's determination this time.

President Dylan felt he should have been more cautious from the moment he learned of the fake remains. Although they had infiltrated the remains this time, they had been closely monitored by the other side the whole time.

This was a severe lapse in tactical planning...

As commander of Night Chief this time, President Dylan was certainly to blame.

But it wasn't over yet, and they could still seize an opportunity.

Because just now, President Dylan had noticed that one person hadn't been caught...

It was none other than the girl killer who had made waves when she had officially joined the Dark Network recently, and who was reputed to be the third disciple of Numinous Mother: "Ghost Head Blade."

President Dylan narrowed his eyes and his thoughts churned.

Sure enough, it had been a very good decision to hire Ghost Head Blade at such a steep price, even though she was ten times more expensive than the rest of the Dark Network members.

But as expected, there was a reason why the price was so high.

For now at least, Ghost Head Blade had become Night Chief village's last hope...

But that said, Ghost Head Blade had still been next to him the moment that sound wave magic ball had been thrown in! How on earth had she escaped?

President Dylan was astonished by Ghost Head Blade's swift response.

...

While Wu Zhenjun counted heads on one side, a cold blade flew out from the side of the military tent which Wang Ming was in toward the latter's thigh at a strange angle...





Chapter 737 The Power of Updates


This blade was as fast as light and shadow as it aimed suddenly for Wang Ming's thigh.

This was very clearly a planned attack, not to take Wang Ming's life, but simply to incapacitate him and steal him away.

At the moment, Wang Ming was waiting for Wu Zhenjun's signal. He thought that all the Night Chief members as well as the hired Dark Network forces had been caught, and never expected that there would still be one who had escaped the net and would come for him.

This Ghost Head Blade came prepared, out of nowhere!

But the head of state's reaction was just as swift. The moment the blade of light split the military tent and flashed its way inside, even with its killing intent completely concealed, the invisible head of state acted right away!

Pa!

With his bare hand... he actually swatted this naked blade directly to pieces.

"Aimed at me?"

It was only at that moment that Wang Ming realized he had suddenly been attacked, and he looked hugely astonished.

This person had actually been able to escape the assault from Wu Zhenjun's sound wave magic ball; not only had they escaped Irascible Dharmaraja's raw vocal unscathed, they had also launched a precise surprise attack on Wang Ming.

It seemed this wasn't just any ordinary person...

Wang Ming immediately gave the head of state disguised as Number 001 an order. "Number 001! Catch him alive!"

It was only after Wang Ming issued this command that the astonished Ghost Head Blade, whose surprise attack had failed, realized that there was actually a hidden expert inside the military tent.

Ghost Head Blade knew she had been careless, and was fully aware that this hidden expert was incredibly powerful - before mounting her sneak attack, she had specifically scouted out the situation inside the military tent!

The problem was, she had only sensed one person, Wang Ming!

A lead teacher actually had a personal bodyguard specially assigned to him?

Ghost Head Blade, who had originally been uninterested in Wang Ming, was now instantly and intensely curious.

A hundred meters away outside Wang Ming's tent, Ghost Head Blade was hiding in a leafy tree.

She was carrying a lacy little goth umbrella.

After finding out that there was another expert in the military tent, she immediately pulled the umbrella handle and a blade slid out. Using it to cut her wrist, she smeared the blood which oozed out onto her left eyelid to act as a medium.

"Shura Eye!"

When Ghost Head Blade opened her eyes again, her left eye changed as the pupil instantly turned red, the blood causing a magic array to form inside it.

The Shura Eye was the legendary skill which had made Ghost Head Blade famous.

This wasn't some fantastic eye spell, but involved digging out the eye of a particular devil beast and transplanting it into your own left eye and refining it.

After successful refinement, the transplanted devil beast eye would be fused with the human body. It would look normal most of the time, but as soon as it was affected by blood, it would promptly transform.

Faced with the mysterious hidden expert in the military tent, Ghost Head Blade's own battle experience was telling her that it was necessary to use this technique.

But unexpectedly, Ghost Head Blade found that even after activating the Shura Eye, she could only see the other party's extremely hazy figure... she couldn't clearly see who it was at all!

She could only discern an outline, a glance...

And the scariest thing was that the other side directly locked gazes with her, eyes completely and obviously fixed on her... This was the typical alert, eagle-eyed standoff!

Ghost Head Blade broke out in a cold sweat!

Who the hell was this guy?

Ghost Head Blade was so scared that all her pores abruptly contracted. One glance was enough to frighten her out of her wits.

And in the next moment, this person suddenly moved...

Going on a counterattack at a speed that Ghost Head Blade couldn't follow with the naked eye.

Tremendous pressure suddenly flooded Ghost Head Blade's soul. She felt like her body had been strung up against a tree trunk with a thousand-jin weight on the other end, unable to move a single inch.

By the time Ghost Head Blade came back to her senses, a large and sturdy hand was already pressing down on her shoulder.

"A True Immortal expert..."

Instantly, Ghost Head Blade felt despair.

Although she didn't know exactly what True Immortal level the other party was at, the enemy was actually a True Immortal... This was far beyond what Ghost Head Blade had expected.

Who on earth was this Wang Ming?

There was actually a True Immortal expert following him around, protecting him at all times... this person wasn't the illegitimate son of Huaxiu's head of state, was he?

Ghost Head Blade was drenched in cold sweat.

Now that she knew that her opponent was a True Immortal expert, Ghost Head Blade knew there was no way for her to fight back; however, escaping was something she was good at.

After recognizing the reality of her situation, her first response was to throw off the head of state's grip. But she was held in place as the aura of a True Immortal pressed down on her shoulder, making it increasingly heavy.

It was so crushing that Ghost Head Blade almost couldn't breathe. For the head of state to be so vicious even when she was a girl was vastly unlike his image.

"This arm, you can have it!" Gritting her teeth, she pulled hard, and her entire right arm, including her right shoulder, was ripped off like beef jerky!

She then dragged her broken body along as she turned into a stream of light that swiftly fled.

The head of state knitted his eyebrows as he held Ghost Head Blade's arm.

Although the other party was a woman, he didn't expect her to be so savage.

He knew a "Gecko Technique" which allowed a person to imitate a gecko and abandon a part of their body to escape as necessary, and the part that had been given up would grow back later.

It was a life-saving trick, and while many cultivators had learned this technique, few could use it proficiently.

The main point... was that this Ghost Head Blade hadn't used the Gecko Technique or whatnot - instead, she had abandoned her arm by directly snapping it off!

"What a fierce person."

Dropping the broken limb, the head of state sighed.

The next moment, he directly stretched out one hand in the direction Ghost Head Blade had fled and curled his fingers. "Buddha Palm Mark 1 ..."

1(From "Journey to the West," when Monkey King tried to escape Buddha's hand, but Buddha turned his palm over and his five fingers transformed into a mountain to imprison Monkey King ..) A moment later, the head of state caught a fleeing stream of light, and Ghost Head Blade, who had been magically forced to shrink in size, appeared with a petrified face in the head of state's palm.

Ghost Head Blade knew she had run into a tough opponent today...

This was an advanced level seven spell, and was the spell which the head of state was most familiar with and which he used the most.

As for why he had learned this spell, it all started when the head of state began reading Father Wang's novel.

When Father Wang had just started writing the novel, the very slow chapter updates had prompted the head of state's interest in learning this spell. At the time, the head of state's intention had been to hold Father Wang firmly in his palm and force him to update his novel...

Therefore, Father Wang was a key motivator for the head of state to learn this spell!

Staring at Ghost Head Blade in his palm, the head of state wondered if he should demonstrate some other skills, like "Universal Little Black House" or "Wheel of Flying Time and Pressure"...

Come to think of it, the head of state felt that while waiting for Father Wang to update as well as urging him to update, he had indeed learned quite a number of techniques!

Even though in the end, he hadn't used any of them...





Chapter 738 Put On a Good Show


This was clearly an Almighty.

A sense of despair instantly washed over Ghost Head Blade, now a miniature being held inside the head of state's hand.

Was it all over?

Then she looked up and clearly saw this Almighty's face at long last.

In the end, she was directly scared out of her wits...

Why was it him?

That young man wasn't even a cultivator, but how important was he to Huaxiu that the head of state would personally make an appearance to protect him? This kind of treatment was simply unheard of!

Ghost Head Blade knelt in the head of state's palm and was unable to move an inch, completely suppressed by the remarkable ability the latter had just demonstrated.

"Who is this?" The head of state narrowed his eyes and asked the command center.

A reply soon came through his built-in headset: "Your Excellency Head of State, based on our investigation, this is a Dark Network SS-Class wanted criminal called Ghost Head Blade."

Ghost Head Blade?

The head of state rubbed his chin, feeling like he had heard this name before.

"Of all the Dark Network fugitives, this person is the most dangerous. Since the Old Devil's arrest, this person started to make a name for himself in the Dark Network. It's a little unexpected that Night Chief was able to hire him this time." President Qi sighed.

Now that Ghost Head Blade was under control, his tense heart instantly calmed down. The uncertainty he had been worried about earlier was precisely this Ghost Head Blade.

This was a Dark Network member whom they had overlooked.

Before entering the real remains, they had pinpointed all the members of the foreign force and the Dark Network except for this Ghost Head Blade. This was a mistake on the command center's part, and it had almost turned into a disaster.

"Your Excellency Head of State... This Ghost Head Blade is my fault." President Qi bowed his head in apology.

"It's fine. In any case, Little Ming is safe enough with me by his side. Everything is going according to plan." Gripping Ghost Head Blade in one hand, the head of state gave a thumbs-up with the other.

But President Qi wasn't relieved at these words. This was his fault, and a punishment was necessary, otherwise the masses wouldn't be convinced.

He decided to submit an application himself after the summer camp was over: a five hundred-year pay deduction.

President Qi: "Your Excellency Head of State, Ghost Head Blade is a major criminal on the wanted list. He has committed numerous unspeakable crimes and is in contact with many dark forces. He must be watched carefully. We also want to get some leads from Ghost Head Blade on these dark forces..."

The head of state nodded quickly. "Don't worry, I'll act accordingly in this regard - but you probably had no idea that the extremely crafty Ghost Head Blade of legend, is a girl."

"A girl?"

President Qi was blank.

The reason why it had been difficult to catch Ghost Head Blade all this time was partly because they had never been able to confirm what the other party looked like.

Many people had the impression of Ghost Head Blade as a tall, skinny and extremely gloomy man... This was the image that a lot of criminal profilers had come up with after analyzing Ghost Head Blade's crimes.

At the time, these criminal profilers were unusually consistent in their depiction of Ghost Head Blade.

But now that the actual person had been captured, this image of Ghost Head Blade had been thoroughly overturned.

President Qi had a hunch that if Ghost Head Blade's arrest was later exposed by the media, it would definitely become explosive, major news.

Frowning, he replied to the head of state from the command platform, "Your Excellency Head of State, you can't be soft on her just because this person is female. This person is vicious and cunning..."

"Don't worry, I know how to take care of women the most!" the head of state said.

Roughly a few minutes later, the head of state's cry suddenly rang out in the command center. "Ah!"

President Qi: "Your Excellency Head of State, what happened?"

The head of state: "When I was talking to you just now, I forgot that I was holding Ghost Head Blade... I used a bit of strength."

President Qi took a deep breath. "Is she... still alive..."

The head of state: "She's already become paste..."

President Qi: "..."

...

After that, the head of state pretending to be Head of State 001 returned to Wang Ming's side with the Ghost Head Blade paste.

This was clearly living human scum...

Wang Ming: "..."

This scene somehow Wang Ming gave déjà vu. Among the Shadow Stream assassins who had been the very first group to invade Number 60 High, it seemed that there was one person who had been turned into "human scum" by backlash from Wang Ling...

Sure enough, when Almightys made a move, did they all have a special obsession with "paste"?

Wang Ming stared at the paste on the ground and sighed deeply.

Wait...

He suddenly thought of something.

When it came to Almightys taking action...

Wang Ming came up with a theory that sounded utterly ridiculous but in fact could actually be possible.

If it was the Head of State 001 which he had designed, something like too much strength shouldn't happen since its power system was controlled by the Alliance through the Heavenly E-Satellite!

He had given the order earlier for Ghost Head Blade to be captured alive, so Head of State 001's power output would definitely have been regulated accordingly by the system! Even if Ghost Head Blade was crippled, it wouldn't be to the point of being turned into paste!

So to sum up, there was only one truth Wang Ming could think of at that moment...

Recalling "Head of State 001's" strange behavior earlier, Wang Ming immediately started to drip cold sweat.

This Head of State 001...

Couldn't be the real head of state, right?

If this was the case, they would have secretly traded places before entering the remains!

When he came up with this conjecture, Wang Ming took a deep breath.

No way, even if this was the real head of state, he absolutely had to turn a blind eye... This was a top leader! If he publicly exposed the leader who could make things difficult for him later, could he still live peacefully?!

On the other side, the head of state was feeling a little uncomfortable under Wang Ming's gaze.

He did his best to preserve an unwavering expression and lock up every muscle on his face.

It was actually the head of state himself who had proposed this "prince and pauper" plan as he was very confident in his ability to pretend! At the moment, the real Head of State 001 should have already infiltrated Night Chief's inner ranks disguised as the fugitive from the vaccine company, President Han Di!

The head of state had thought that his disguise was flawless, but he now sensed that Wang Ming seemed to have noticed something.

His first reaction was naturally to feel gratified.

Standing before him now was the disciple of Wisdom Saint and the strongest brain in the nation! Moreover, he was the only living existence today who could possibly surpass President Qi intellectually... Wang Ming's intelligence continued to expand every year!

It was in fact reasonable for the strongest brain to notice some discrepancy about him!

This was how the head of state comforted himself in his heart.

Looking at Wang Ming's suspicious expression, the head of state tried hard to keep cool.

No way, even if he really had been found out, he still had to continue pretending... He was the head of state! How humiliating would it be if he was publicly exposed!

"..."

Outside the military tent, Wang Ling gazed at the two men who were in the middle of a psychological showdown, and fell into deep thought.





Chapter 739 The Unprincipled Lao Gudong Xiaoer


It was still July 24th on Monday in the fourteenth week of the semester.

It was supposed to be time for the evening picnic, but the planned infiltration of the real remains by the foreign force Night Chief together with the Dark Network members it had hired eventually ended with the capture of all the members, one of whom was turned into paste.

But Wang Ling somehow had a premonition that things weren't so simple...

...

That night, Wang Ming received a new assignment from the command center, which was to collect a DNA sample from Ghost Head Blade, who had turned into paste, and perform a data comparison to verify Ghost Head Blade's real identity.

Initially, it would have been quite easy to do the data comparison if Head of State 001 was around. Wang Ming would just need to put a little of the paste sample into Head of State 001's mouth, and it would automatically identify the DNA based on its built-in database.

But the situation now was that this Head of State 001 was the real head of state...

No matter how gutsy Wang Ming could be, there was no way he could put paste inside the real head of state's mouth!

So in the end, he had to do it himself...

He sent the head of state away by having it enter "Patrol Alert Mode." Furthermore, Wang Ming didn't plan to call the head of state back before the end of this summer camp.

When was work the most stressful?

When the boss was around, of course...

Huaxiu Cultivation Academy of Science was an official institution, and who was the boss of an official institution? Old Qi? Of course not... Strictly speaking, Old Qi himself was also an employee.

It was the head of state who was the ultimate big boss!

But Wang Ming truly never expected the head of state to participate in this summer camp in Number 001's place... The head of state had faked it very well, but a few discrepancies did exist. If Wang Ming hadn't noticed these flaws, he would very likely have still been in the dark.

Then this was now the question... Where on earth had the Head of State 001 which he had invented run off to, to carry out a mission?

But Wang Ming guessed that only Old Qi would be able to answer him.

To be able to trick him and cause him to almost screw up so badly... even if Old Qi wasn't the mastermind, he absolutely had had a hand in it.

Wang Ming had almost become the laughingstock of the whole academy...

He stared at the paste in front of him and wiped his sweat as he pondered, feeling a growing sense of post-traumatic stress — it was a good thing he was so quick-witted!

Then, he took out a small silver-gray magic ball and used the spirit energy stored inside his ring to open it. The magic ball spun in the air like a top, and eight robotic arms swiftly extended out of it like a crab.

This was an experimental all-purpose assistance robot Wang Ming had invented, with the codename Crab.

"Prepare to extract a sample." At Wang Ming's command, Crab promptly stretched out one robotic arm to scan all of the paste.

In the end, Crab's ball body immediately turned red after the scan.

This was a warning color which indicated that there might be foreign matter in the sample.

After that, Wang Ming saw one of Crab's robotic arms instantly turn into a pair of tweezers and then pick out a black blade from the paste!

This was...?

Wang Ming was almost instantly on guard. He had a bad feeling that this blade was dangerous.

In his next breath, the blade actually turned into a stream of light in front of his eyes that darted toward him. By the time he came back to his senses, there was already a cut on his cheek.

"On guard!" Wang Ming broke out in a cold sweat.

He knew things weren't that simple!

As an assistant, Crab naturally had defensive abilities to a certain extent.

After Wang Ming gave the command, Crab promptly stretched out one robotic arm to try and control the blade.

The robotic arm swung out extremely quickly, but the small blade was faster — Crab's cooldown period was too long!

There was a resounding clang of metal colliding, and two of Crab's robotic arms snapped off.

Wang Ming grit his teeth. It looked like things were now starting to become dangerous and troublesome!

This pitch-dark blade was probably the final hand which Ghost Head Blade had left behind.

Just like a viper whose head was still extremely poisonous even after you killed it and cut its head off — if you were just a little bit careless, you could still be bitten.

But what happened next made Wang Ming feel like his thinking had really been too simple...

Because this blade, actually spoke!

"His Excellency finally isn't with you..." When this pitch-dark blade spoke, its voice didn't sound like Ghost Head Blade's, but its manner of speech was the same.

Wang Ming narrowed his eyes slightly, cold sweat rolling down his face. "You are?"

"I'm Ghost Head Blade." The pitch-black blade continued speaking: "No one knows that this is my true body... I once sold my soul to the spirit of an ancient blade, and I turned into this fragment... As for the body you saw earlier, that was just my host. That cute little lolita was the most compatible host I'd found; it's a pity that His Excellency crushed her to paste just like that..."

Wang Ming: "..."

Speaking up to this point, the small blade gave a cold smile. "Hey, hey! But it doesn't matter; that little lolita's shelf life was short anyway, and the main thing is to find another body."

Wang Ming was surprised; there was actually an expiry date.

"The kid you're rooming with seems pretty good!"

"Then go look for him... why look for me?!"

It was Ghost Head Blade's turn now to be taken aback. Wasn't that person his student? How could a teacher be so unprincipled?

No wonder Huaxiu Alliance had always been unable to determine Ghost Head Blade's true identity. Huaxiu Alliance was helpless as long as the other party kept changing hosts. In some sense, this trick of Ghost Head Blade's was more troublesome than that of Myriad Faces Old Man, who was an expert at transformation in the Dark Network.

That was to say, even if Wang Ming could test for the paste's DNA, he still wouldn't be able to pinpoint who on earth Ghost Head Blade was...

Ghost Head Blade: "Alright, now that you know everything about me... if you don't want me to kill you, you have two options."

Wang Ming suddenly clutched his chest. "What... What do you want to do to me?!"

"..."

Ghost Head Blade calmed his thoughts and said to Wang Ming, "First, use your skills to undo the seals on both the Night Chief and Dark Network members. Second, you become my new host..."

"You still want me when I'm so weak? That's not very good..." Wang Ming's eyes widened in astonishment.

"The key isn't the host's abilities - as long as someone signs a host contract with me, even if the host is just an ordinary person, he can acquire cultivation abilities... The only drawback is that the body's shelf life will be greatly reduced if an ordinary person becomes my host."

"Then all the more reason I suggest you don't choose me as your host."

At that point, Wang Ming suddenly looked solemnly at Ghost Head Blade.

Ghost Head Blade: "???"

Wang Ming spread his hands. "I'm afraid you won't be able to keep up with my IQ."

Ghost Head Blade: "..."

Did this guy, want to die?





Chapter 740 Summer Camp Diary


At this time, all the students were inside the tents writing their summer camp diary. This was an assignment which each lead teacher had given their group. All the students participating in this summer camp had to write down their insights and reflections on this trip in the form of a diary, in no less than a thousand words. This thing was like the "military training diary" for the combined military training for six schools before, but there was a difference compared with an ordinary military training diary.

Because this summer camp diary counted toward credits!

The key to getting high marks this time was your impressions of the plants which you saw on your journey: after demonstrating extensive understanding of the medical effects of these plants, you had to come up with imaginative theories for their future use. Put simply, this was about who had the wilder imagination.

The overall marks for the summer camp diary accounted for fifty percent of the total points for the whole summer camp

Therefore, everyone had no choice but to do it properly.

"Guo Hao, what did you write? Let me take a look when you're done?" Liberal arts had always been Chen Chao's weak point. A pen in his mouth and the diary in his hand, he didn't know where to start.

Writing an essay or whatnot was the hardest...

Worse still, it had to be a thousand words...

He could still endure it in high school, but Chen Chao felt that once he entered university and studied a major that had absolutely nothing to do with liberal arts, he might not be able to write even five hundred words then.

"I'm also thinking about the subject matter, and it's a little complicated, so I'm going to start the diary entry for my first day from a political angle." Guo Hao was the political science representative, and the social ills of today were his specialty. The other most important point was that he knew so much gossip that he didn't need to worry that he wouldn't have anything to write about; whether what he wrote was up to standard, however, was another matter.

But in using a political essay format to write a summer camp diary, he would have to ensure that he remained within bounds; otherwise, he would be held accountable for any deviations in his report in the future.

"If you can't think of a theme, you can go ask Sun Rong. Her tent's pretty lively since a lot of people have gone to consult her, from our school as well as other schools," Su Xiao said hurriedly when he heard that these two hadn't decided on a subject yet while he was midway through writing his diary.

Chen Chao: "Sun Rong?"

Guo Hao: "It's natural for Sun Rong to know. Every year, there are experts sent by Huaguo Water Curtain Group in the scientific research team. These experts were from the research institute, and were then employed by Huaguo Water Curtain Group at sky-high salaries. The only level five spirit medicine laboratory in our country was a collaborative setup between Sun Rong's family and the research institute. Every year, Huaguo Water Curtain Group pours a lot of money into breeding spirit plants and refining pills..."

Chen Chao clicked his tongue non-stop. Going on what Guo Hao had said, it was obvious that Sun Rong usually had access to extra lessons on the side... Besides, Sun Rong would most likely specialize in the field of medicine at university. As the eldest daughter of Huaguo Water Curtain Group, the responsibility she shouldered was in fact very heavy.

Just then, Guo Hao pushed the tent flap aside and took a look. Sure enough, the outside of Sun Rong's tent was jam-packed with students from various schools. Initially she was already very popular for her good looks. While there were students who had come to ask her questions, there were naturally those who were taking this opportunity to pester her.

Chen Chao curled his lip. "These people are wasting their time with Sun Rong... I've always felt that Sun Rong has someone she likes." Chen Chao's gaze happened to be on Wang Ling when he said this, which made Wang Ling's hand shake and he snapped his pen...

Su Xiao: "Sun Rong has someone she likes?"

"Probably..."

Actually, Chen Chao wasn't too sure, either. "And I think the guy is in our class."

Wang Ling: "..."

While the two of them were talking, Guo Hao came back from outside the tent with a shocked look on his face.

Su Xiao: "What's wrong?"

Guo Hao: "Sun Rong will definitely get full marks for her diary this time... Guess what the title is?"

Wang Ling, Chen Chao and Su Xiao: "???"

Guo Hao: "'My International Top 100 Corporation Father's Guide to Spirit Plants.'"

Wang Ling: "..."

Chen Chao: "..."

Su Xiao: "..."

...

Everyone was busy writing in their diaries, but Wang Ling's diary writing wasn't coming along smoothly. It wasn't that he couldn't write, but he somehow felt uneasy while doing it.

Suddenly, he looked up.

He had a intense foreboding that Wang Ming was in danger.

Except for prophetic dreams, all of Wang Ling's danger warnings centered on him. Sometimes, however, there really was a mystical bond between brothers, even if he and Wang Ming were cousins and not biological brothers.

But in the end, the blood of the Wang family ran through their veins.

This signal of danger was so strong that it almost immediately made Wang Ling tense up. He quickly looked in the direction of Wang Ming's military tent, and sure enough, he could sense the killing intent which permeated it.

Wang Ling was about to get up, but in the next moment, the world before him became crystal clear as he was unexpectedly sucked into a dark space.

A moment later, there was a golden light, which slowly coalesced in front of Wang Ling and finally took the form of a person he was familiar with.

Wang Ling hadn't expected the Heavenly Dao golden man to actually appear of his own accord.

The golden three-inch man: "This is Heavenly Dao space."

Wang Ling sat down cross-legged and stared at this golden three-inch man that was the embodiment of Heavenly Dao. He was a little confused about the golden three-inch man's purpose, and his Mind-Reading Ability didn't work on Heavenly Dao.

Because Heavenly Dao itself didn't have feelings.

The golden three-inch man: "I'm here to warn you, it's best that you don't interfere."

Chin in hand, Wang Ling instantly understood why the Heavenly Dao had come - he had to be referring to Wang Ming.

The golden three-inch man: "This is a calamity he has to go through in his life. If he makes it through smoothly, he will be blessed richly. But if external forces interfere, he will encounter even more difficult calamities and troubles in the future. There is never a good outcome if you go against Heaven..."

Wang Ling said telepathically, "So this is a piece of advice?"

The golden three-inch man: "You can think of it that way... I just hope you don't do anything that you can't come back from, otherwise it'll be too late for regrets."

For the first time, Wang Ling felt that the Heavenly Dao seemed pretty considerate.

Wang Ling carefully sized up the golden three-inch man in front of him, and appeared to realize something before he said again telepathically, "You seem different from the Heavenly Dao golden man I've seen."

The golden three-inch man immediately started sweating. During a meeting that had been held earlier, the Heavenly Dao had already said that this guy was extremely dangerous.

Now that he was encountering him in the flesh, the golden three-inch man felt even more scared out of his wits.

After a moment of silence, the golden three-inch man confessed, "The person you've been doing the equivalent exchanges with is my dad."

Wang Ling was shocked: "???" The Heavenly Dao actually had family...

The golden three-inch man: "My dad should have been the one to come and inform you not to make a move, but he didn't want to, so my granddad beat him up, which is why I'm the one who came."

"..."

Wang Ling: "You all look the same?"

The golden three-inch man was quiet for a bit. "Not completely... People call us golden three-inch men, but a lot of them don't know the meaning."

Wang Ling: "???"

The golden three-inch man: "It's true that we're all three inches tall, but our Tower of Babels are different. The older the Heavenly Dao, the longer his Tower of Babel... Of course, it's normally pulled back into the stomach."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 741 Wang Ling's Paper Crane


When Wang Ling opened his eyes again, he was still in the tent, but in the eyes of the others, he had simply spaced out for a bit.

The Heavenly Dao space was a divine sphere which ordinary people had no hope of touching at all.

Wang Ling had never expected that the Heavenly Dao would actually personally show up this time to tell him not to intervene.

At that moment, Wang Ling's gaze shifted in Wang Ming's direction; the military tent Wang Ming was in was already suffused with killing intent. Because of the Heavenly Dao's warning, Wang Ling abandoned his initial plan to take action. He tore a page out of his diary and folded it into a paper crane. The truth was that this was a kind of "life talisman" which would act as life support when Wang Ming's life was in danger.

But there was a limit to how many times it could be used, which was once every forty-nine days on the same person.

He wouldn't make a move since the Heavenly Dao had told him not to, but some help on the sly shouldn't be a problem, right?

This was what Wang Ling thought.

While he was pondering this, Chen Chao's head suddenly popped up next to him. Chen Chao wanted to see what theme Wang Ling had chosen for his summer camp diary, only to unexpectedly find Wang Ling folding a paper crane, and he instantly felt despair. "It's over, over... all our essays might not pass!"

Guo Hao: "Why are you being such a downer?"

Chen Chao: "Wang Ling has always been the king of average in our class; if this king is now at his wits' end over this essay, then we're definitely done for! Look, he's just leisurely folding a paper crane!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Guo Hao threw Wang Ling a glance and commented, "Actually, Wang Ling's paper crane looks pretty good. He's meticulous and good with his hands!"

Wang Ling: "..."

...

Inside the military tent, Ghost Head Blade had already moved in for the kill.

This wasn't just for revenge.

This was because his previous female lolita body had already been smashed to paste - if he couldn't find a new host within the next three days, he would be directly exterminated by a thunder calamity.

Hence, Ghost Head Blade was hell-bent on this "Lao Gudong Xiaoer."

Given that the body of his former host body had been smashed to paste, his battle strength was greatly reduced. Although there were a lot of Foundation Establishment students here, it was obvious that they were far less important than this "Lao Gudong Xiaoer."

This person in front of him was an existence that was personally protected by that Excellency.

Although Ghost Head Blade was still a little in disbelief over this, the head of state taking action was enough to prove Wang Ming's importance and value.

In addition, Ghost Head Blade had already set up a barrier which thoroughly blocked any sounds as well as the killing intent inside the tent from getting out.

As an ordinary person, there was no way for Wang Ming to leave!

Determined, Ghost Head Blade immediately took action!

The blade flashed forward at almost maximum speed.

Looking at the situation, it was clear that the other party was unwilling to be his host, so there was only one way: forced possession!

This method required that the person whose body he wanted to occupy be killed first.

The blade aimed directly for Wang Ming's heart!

There was never any need for flashy techniques when dealing with an ordinary person; the best way was to aim for a weak point and use a simple, lethal strike.

Wang Ming gazed at Ghost Head Blade and smiled. "It's not that easy to kill me."

"Go to hell..."

When the blade pierced Wang Ming's chest, Ghost Head Blade felt a surge of excitement.

His original form was a pitch-black dagger; when he was stained with fresh blood, it abruptly felt as cozy as soaking in a hot spring!

But in the next moment, something unexpected happened.

Wang Ming, whose weak point should have already been struck, didn't collapse, but actually disappeared in the air like sand blown up by the wind in front of Ghost Head Blade.

In the next instant, Wang Ming's figure reformed in another location inside the tent.

This was Wang Ming's Brain Deduction Technique!

Wang Ming: "It's not that easy to kill me."

This was Ghost Head Blade's first time seeing such a technique, and he was utterly stunned.

It didn't look like an illusion spell, and there was no way it could be one - the young man in front of him didn't have the slightest bit of spirit energy in his body, so how could he possibly use an illusion spell?

The only reasonable explanation was that Ghost Head Blade was under mind control.

"Looks like you're pretty smart." Ghost Head Blade gazed at Wang Ming with some realization.

Given his wide knowledge and experience, he thought of a single possibility that could happen with ordinary people.

As long as an ordinary person was intelligent enough, they could use a technique to control the minds of other people and create illusions. The first time Ghost Head Blade had heard of this technique was when Wisdom Saint President Qi had used it in the great war with the demon gods back then. It was just that Ghost Head Blade never thought that Wang Ming would actually be capable of using it.

To be precise, this could be considered a spell, but one which didn't consume spirit energy and instead was controlled purely with mental energy.

Ghost Head Blade now suddenly understood why Wang Ming was so highly valued.

The man's entire brain was a treasure!

"I was careless. But this trick consumes a huge amount of mental energy. How long do you think you can keep going?" Floating inside the pitch-black dagger, Ghost Head Blade sneered.

Ghost Head Blade had hit the nail on the head.

But unlike this fight, he had gone in prepared in the last battle.

At that time, he had specially used it beforehand to cover half of the established range.

But he was now using the Brain Deduction Technique in a critical situation. That was to say, no matter how Wang Ming used the technique to dodge Ghost Head Blade's attack, he couldn't leave the military tent.

It was also unfortunate that Ghost Head Blade had some understanding of this technique.

When President Qi had used the Brain Deduction Technique back then, he had used both spirit energy and mental energy, which eased the burden on the latter.

But Wang Ming was unable to do the same.

He remembered that when he had used this technique the last time, he had instantly passed out because he had worked his brain too hard.

Thus, this wasn't a long-term solution.

Wang Ming's eyes were highly alert as he gazed at Ghost Head Blade.

Given the current situation, he could only take a gamble.

He yelled, "Someone! Help me!"

Ghost Head Blade smirked. "I've already set up a barrier around this military tent. No one is going to come save you."

But before he was done laughing, bright light suddenly burst forth from the ground inside the tent.

Ghost Head Blade was alarmed. "This is..."

An invisible transmission array?!

In the next moment, a pretty figure directly broke through the ground!

It was Zhai Yin, who had buried this transmission array underground!

As a competent bodyguard, Zhai Yin demonstrated her ability to be everywhere to the fullest of her abilities.

When he saw Zhai Yin appear, Wang Ming was pleased but at the same time couldn't help being startled. "What the hell... you were actually there!"

Zhai Yin ground her teeth. "I was waiting for you underground for so long! Why didn't you yell for me sooner?!"

Wang Ming: "..."

This peeping devil...





Chapter 742 Magic Crystal


As both a competent bodyguard and a peeping devil, Zhai Yin's appearace was quite timely. Wang Ming was already inured to her stalkerish behavior - he only had to remember that wherever he was, Zhai Yin would be there...

But her appearance also filled Ghost Head Blade with joy, since he now had another option.

It was obvious that Zhai Yin, who was from the Magnificent Immortal Special Army Brigade, far surpassed Wang Ming in physical strength and various other aspects.

This was an outstanding host body that was hard to come by, and was even several grades higher than his former lolita host. Ghost Head Blade was inwardly elated; if he obtained this body, and robbed Wang Ming of his big brain, he would be invincible.

A dual host...

This really wasn't unachievable, it was just that Ghost Head Blade had so far never found an opportunity.

After snatching away this Zhai Yin's body and then seizing Wang Ming's brain, he could combine the two into one host body.

Ghost Head Blade was suddenly struck by this bold idea.

...

This was Zhai Yin's first time seeing Ghost Head Blade's true form, but she couldn't be any more familiar with this name. When she had still been in the Magnificent Immortal Special Army Brigade back then, she had once been assigned a mission to capture him.

Unfortunately, the mission had been a bust. Ghost Head Blade was just too sly, and even when he had been surrounded, he had ultimately still managed to escape arrest.

For the sake of catching Ghost Head Blade in this failed operation years ago, codenamed "Ghost Hunt," one of the members of the Magnificent Immortal Special Army Brigade had even died in the line of duty. It became an unsolved case for which there had been no reasonable explanation until now.

When Zhai Yin, hiding underground, had heard Ghost Head Blade reveal his true form, she already thoroughly understood what had happened back then.

At that time, Ghost Head Blade had probably abandoned his former host and had forcibly formed a contract with the colleague who had died in the line of duty, fooling everyone before escaping in the end.

There was really too little space inside the military tent. Zhai Yin had tried breaking through Ghost Head Blade's barrier from under the ground, but unexpectedly hadn't been able to do so.

Given Ghost Head Blade's weak form, it should have been impossible for him to erect such a powerful barrier.

Hence, in this head-on confrontation with Ghost Head Blade, Zhai Yin appeared extremely cautious, as she was sure that this Ghost Head Blade definitely had another card up his sleeve.

In the blink of an eye, Ghost Head Blade launched another round of attacks.

His target was Wang Ming, which he knew was a disadvantage for this female special soldier as she had to protect Wang Ming.

Clang!

There was the crisp sound of metal colliding.

Zhai Yin swiftly drew out a tactical army knife from her boot and met Ghost Head Blade in a clash of blades. As Ghost Head Blade attacked non-stop, Zhai Yin completely fended him off with the tactical army knife. She brandished it so fast that it turned into a string of afterimages in Wang Ming's eyes, like countless waving tentacles.

"You're from Magnificent Immortal, right? I haven't seen this blade technique in so long," Ghost Head Blade said nonchalantly as he attacked.

Since his true form was a pitch-black dagger, he didn't feel any pain no matter how Zhai Yin slashed at him.

After all, he was a fragment of an ancient blade. Nevertheless, to use a mere tactical army knife to deal with him was really too naïve.

"So it was you back then..."

Zhai Yin frowned and was deeply aware that her army knife wasn't much use against Ghost Head Blade.

Continuing to stall absolutely wasn't an option. In a fight like this, the biggest concern was exhausting stamina. In this form, Ghost Head Blade could ignore wasting energy or sustaining injuries, but she couldn't.

Moreover, Zhai Yin now had to create a clone to protect Wang Ming.

At that moment, she was under the greatest pressure.

However, protecting Wang Ming was her mission.

Even if it was at the cost of her own life...

"Vanguard Blade!" At that moment, Zhai Yin's eyes darkened as she bit her finger hard and smeared some fresh blood on the tactical army knife in her hand.

The next moment, she tossed it into the air, and it transformed into a blade array which then created countless shadows that surrounded her and Wang Ming.

This way, Ghost Head Blade's scheme directed at Wang Ming most likely wouldn't work.

But this blade array wouldn't last for very long.

Before it shut down, Zhai Yin had to think of a countermeasure to finish off Ghost Head Blade in one strike.

Extenuating circumstances called for extenuating measures; she was already no longer in a position to capture him alive, especially since Wang Ming's safety was being threatened. What she had to do was directly execute this hoodlum.

But contrary to Zhai Yin and Wang Ming's expectations, when Ghost Head Blade saw Zhai Yin's glowing blade array, he actually ceased his crazy and fierce attack.

"It looks like it's time." Ghost Head Blade laughed sinisterly.

Zhai Yin glared at him. "What do you mean?"

As soon as she said this, Ghost Head Blade's body emitted spirit light.

All of a sudden, a purple polygonal crystal appeared in the air.

Zhai Yin's eyes instantly widened. "This is..."

Wang Ming didn't say anything, but he already knew what this crystal was - this was currently the latest technology that had been developed, whether at home or abroad, and which had yet to be made public: magic crystal technology!

Using talismans as its base, this was new technology for storing particular high-grade spells in crystals made from special materials.

And the magic crystal in Ghost Head Blade's hand happened to contain a level seven spell!

He couldn't stop smiling coldly. "Lord Night Ghost Spirit Emperor already foresaw risks on this trip and so formulated a plan for them; even the commander President Dylan was kept in the dark about it, and I'm the only one whom Lord Night Ghost Spirit Emperor communicated with."

Zhai Yin: "What the hell do you want to do?!"

"That trash group in the fake remains sacrificed their cells to summon a cell army - what if I bring that entire army to these remains?"

Zhai Yin's expression was unsightly. She knew about the situation with the cell army in the fake remains. If they were all transported here, it would be chaos! All the students would be in danger!

Holding the magic crystal, Ghost Head Blade laughed. "Let me tell you another thing: this magic crystal is one of a pair developed exclusively by Night Chief. It uses a spatial array for transmission. Have you heard of the Sea And Sky Array?"

Sea And Sky Array?

Zhai Yin frowned and glanced at Wang Ming.

Wang Ming: "I don't know it... I only know the Sea and Sky Party1!"

1(A literal translation of 海天盛宴, which refers to the scandal of "sex parties" which happened at a Hainan lifestyle and yacht expo in 2013.) Zhai Yin: "..."

"Lord Ghost Head Blade, they're already preparing to fire from the Heavenly E-Satellite to wipe out the cells."

At that moment, the voice of that Lord Anxiang came out of the purple magic crystal.

Ghost Head Blade: "Unfortunately, it's already too late."

As soon as he said this, he directly crushed the magic crystal on the spot.

In a flash, dense lines of runes swiftly spread out like a cobweb from Wang Ming's military tent in the center.

The Sea And Sky Array was also called the Hundred-Li Sea And Sky Array.

It could teleport anything within a hundred-li radius in an instant.

Of all level seven spells, this was the most powerful transmission array!





Chapter 743 Wuji, I Urge You to Be Good


At that moment, the ground trembled non-stop, and all the students flooded out of the military tents to check if it was an earthquake.

The complicated lines and runes of the array extended out like vipers over the ground, and many of the students were so scared that they scuttled up the trees like monkeys. "Teacher, what's that?"

A lead teacher maintained order. "Everyone, there's no need to panic. These are the lines and runes of a magic array. They might look scary but are completely harmless to the body."

On the other side, Wu Zhenjun, who had initially been responsible for a preliminary interrogation of President Dylan and his group, rushed out along with dozens of the teachers who had participated in the operation. Everyone had unsightly expressions on their faces since they had never expected something to happen in the face of their strict vigilance.

Wu Zhenjun crouched down and carefully analyzed the array lines and runes under his feet.

"This is the Sea And Sky Array, also known as the Hundred-Li Sea And Sky Array... This is the most advanced transmission array of all level seven spells!" He frowned. "Usually, setting up an array of this level requires array points with a radius of a hundred li to be established at least half a month beforehand before they are ultimately linked together. But the remains only just opened, so it's obviously impossible to set up the points beforehand... this Hundred-Li Sea And Sky Array was created instantly."

The lead teachers were enlightened. As the commander of the lead teachers appointed by Huaxiu Alliance this time, it could only be said that Wu Zhenjun was truly worthy of his status; in just a few succinct words, he was able to completely analyze the current situation.

In addition, Wu Zhenjun could tell that the person who had summoned this array definitely had the rumored magic crystal. This was a new type of technology which currently had yet to be made public anywhere in the world. High-level spells could be stored inside the crystal, which only needed to be crushed for the spell to instantly take effect.

On one side, Wang Ling also followed all the students up into the trees. While he wasn't afraid of the magic array underfoot, he still chose to follow the crowd. This was how a Foundation Establishment student should respond, otherwise it would definitely appear odd.

The truth was that he had been observing the activity inside the military tent the whole time, and the instant Ghost Head Blade had taken out the magic crystal, Wang Ling had already anticipated that something bad was about to happen.

Of all the dark forces that Wang Ling had ever encountered, it could only be said that Night Chief was certainly proving to be the biggest threat.

This was because Night Chief was a foreign power to begin with, and thus was an organization that even the Huaxiu government couldn't directly get rid of. Even if this group was destroyed locally, Night Chief would still remain at large as long as their command division still existed abroad.

So the best would be if this incident could draw the attention of the International Cultivation Security Bureau.

Night Chief was now planning to make a move against students, which was the best reason to report it to the International Cultivation Security Bureau.

Wang Ling didn't intend to do anything since there were enough teachers present; ensuring the students' safety definitely wouldn't be a problem.

These lead teachers were all first-class experts, to say nothing of the big figure hiding behind them.

Wang Ling's nonchalant gaze fell on a middle-aged man not far away.

He knew.

This Excellency, was about to act.

...

At the same time, the Huaxiu Alliance command center was also alarmed by the situation.

"What a miscalculation..." President Qi leaned on his arms, directly creating deep handprints in the table surface. He could no longer remain composed at the scene in front of him.

"The other party actually has a magic crystal." To one side, the other Ten Generals were utterly stunned when they saw this.

It could be said that Ghost Head Blade producing this magic crystal was something no one had anticipated.

President Qi took emergency countermeasures. The instant he realized that the Sea And Sky Array had been activated, he immediately ordered General Bai to work with Songhai Prison's Mahjong Squad and the Huaxiu Alliance cultivators to set up a defensive shield. On the other end, he remotely maneuvered the Heavenly E-Satellite into launching an "E-Bomb Raining Down From Above" to wipe out this summoned cell army in one go.

The "E-Bomb Raining Down From Above" was extremely destructive, but with General Bai on the scene at the fake remains, he could erect a shield that would minimize casualties and damage to the greatest extent. Even if some of the Huaxiu Alliance cultivators were impacted by the E-Bomb Raining Down From Above, this was at least far better than the students getting hurt!

This was the only option...

"How much longer before the Heavenly-E Satellite is activated?" President Qi asked anxiously, his face already dotted with cold sweat.

"Lord President, it's still being charged, which will take five more minutes... But the Sea And Sky Array will activate in one minute," said a technician.

"How can it be so quick?" General Yi was shocked.

President Qi frowned deeply. "The spells stored inside the magic crystal are set up earlier on, ready for instant use. Looks like it's already too late..."

"Lord President, what should we do now?" the technician asked.

President Qi: "First, immediately inform Zhuo Yi's special ops team to coordinate with the lead teachers and evacuate the students. Second, have His Excellency Head of State take action - the best thing we can do is destroy the Sea And Sky Array and interrupt the transfer!" President Qi grit his teeth and said resolutely.

But it would be an extremely difficult task.

The Sea And Sky Array was the most powerful magic array of all level seven spells, and the most difficult one to destroy. Because of its immense scope, tracking down its core pattern would be like looking for a needle in a haystack, and even the head of state might not necessarily be able to find it.

But for now, there didn't seem to be any other way.

...

Zhuo Yi very quickly received the news from President Qi. Because the main garrison was stationed fairly deep in the forest, Zhuo Yi's group had been looking for them for quite a while; who would have expected yet a new problem to arise on their approach.

The entire forest was now just like a trampoline as every inch of the earth shook. Luo Chuang jumped up and down along with the tremors. "The dark force this time is likely a lot richer than Immortal Mansion - they've even revealed this technology before it's been made public. Perhaps they have their own scientific research team? This is a revolt!"

Zhuo Yi gave a sigh.

As the saying went, one typically shouldn't be afraid to fight a hoodlum, but an educated person...

Seeing Luo Chuang jumping up and down, Xiao Yin felt a little unwell. "Mr Luo, stop jumping. Are you disco dancing on shit?"

Luo Chuang: "..."

Zhuo Yi: "... Now is not the time for jokes, we must do something to first protect the children."

"Do you have a plan?" asked Luo Chuang.

After cupping his chin and thinking for a while, Zhuo Yi fixed his gaze on the girl wrapped in bandages. "Wuji, can you move the entire magic array to a different location?"

Wuji shook her head. "Are you trying to wear out this old woman? I'd be dead tired moving such a huge array! No way, no way!"

At that time, Zhuo Yi took out a ring and smiled slightly as he looked at her. "Wuji, I urge you to be good. Lord Thunder gave five of his ten Flame of Purification spells to me previously..."

Could this thing be given away?

Wuji's attitude changed immediately. "Yes master, I'm going!"

Luo Chuang and Xiao Yin: "..."





Chapter 744 The King's Gaze


Since this Sea And Sky Array had been instantly activated, it was almost impossible to put the brake on it halfway through its operation, and given the current situation, there were only two options.

The first was to track down the core pattern and destroy its foundation, making the main array unstable and causing it to collapse. As long as the cell summoning array was active in the fake remains, the summoned cells would continue to be transported over in an unending stream. But the Sea And Sky Array was too big, and its patterns were so incredibly complicated that it was almost impossible to find the core pattern in a short period of time.

The second solution was to think of a way to move the array to another location before destroying it with a large-scale spell. This method currently looked like the most feasible one, but it would cause severe damage to the real remains.

At the fake remains, Lord Anxiang, who had summoned the cells with the Cells At Work Spell, glanced at the dozen or so Night Chief members next to him whose bodies had completely withered.

In order to save their lives earlier, Lord Anxiang had come up with this countermeasure of summoning cells, but it caused immense damage to the body beyond just shortening the lifespan.

So when he had said earlier that the spell would shorten their lifespans, that had just been on the surface.

Under normal conditions, summoning one or two cells for battle did indeed consume some vitality, which was harmless.

But to produce such a huge army of white blood cells and red blood cells, the problem wasn't as simple as just burning up life. In a summons this powerful, the entire body cell system was ultimately sacrificed as all the organs inside the body were used up - every single drop of energy would be completely burned up.

As the array caster, Dark Fragrance could naturally control the array to protect himself and ensure his own safety.

He and Ghost Head Blade had received Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's secret instruction earlier on to use particular means in particular situations.

This move was like smashing a pot that was already cracked, which would create a knotty problem for Huaxiu Alliance.

This was because destroying the Sea And Sky Array would unavoidably damage the real remains.

All these years, Huaxiu nation had relied on the excuse of protecting Beast King's Remains to take firm control of the entrance to the secret land, Devil Valley. If they didn't handle this Sea And Sky Array properly now, it would stir up international public opinion and other nations would undoubtedly take advantage of this to apply to the International United Cultivators Association for joint management of Devil Valley.

That would truly be the point of no return.

...

At that moment, thick fog rolled through the part of the forest that was within the Sea And Sky Array's range.

This was a sign that the array had already been activated, and many of the lead teachers started to arrange for their students to return to the "Rainbow Glass Box." The biggest priority right now was to evacuate the students, after which the teachers could fight without any worries.

The summoned cells were enormous, and every single one of them was extremely formidable. Even the weakest one was at the Golden Core stage. Even if the Foundation Establishment students worked together, they would just be walking to their deaths.

Hovering in the air, the head of state looked down at the massive Sea And Sky Array, which directly covered one seventh of this eastern forest.

While one seventh didn't sound very large, this stretch of forest contained many extinct resources. The section which had been opened to the students today was just the tip of the iceberg, and was not even a seventh of a seventh of the forest.

Destroying the core array pattern was the best way of preserving the remains as much as possible.

But this Sea And Sky Array had obviously been specially modified. An array expert could fiddle around with the array pattern structure and set up many fake patterns to conceal the real one. Furthermore, these fake patterns were no less complex than the real one, and like fake wires on a bomb, the slightest misstep would cause a chain reaction.

Unless the array could be destroyed in one go, even the head of state didn't dare act casually. He could see how tricky the fake array patterns were; if he destroyed the wrong one, the fake patterns might rapidly increase and spread out.

Seeing that the students in the forest had been safely evacuated to the Rainbow Glass Box, the head of state breathed a sigh of relief. Unfortunately, the military tents below would all go to waste this time.

The kids had evacuated so quickly that they hadn't had time to take the tents down.

"Is there a way to lock onto the core?"

The Huaxiu Alliance command center received his question.

President Qi heaved a sigh. There wasn't a way for the time being. If he was on the scene, he might have been able to use the Brain Deduction Technique to look for the real core array pattern. Since the calculations were all run in the brain, there wouldn't be the least bit impact even if the wrong array pattern was destroyed.

But if they wanted to find the correct array pattern, apart from discerning it correctly with the Heavenly Eye, Wang Ming was now their only hope.

Wang Ming was President Qi's disciple, and was naturally aware of the pros and cons of the situation: they had to find the core array pattern in order to preserve the remains to the fullest extent.

Inside the military tent, Zhai Yin, who had activated Vanguard Blade, was fighting toe to toe with Ghost Head Blade, who was a very tough opponent. Although it had been less than a year since Wang Ming and Zhai Yin started living together, their coordination had unwittingly moved up a level after being around each other day and night.

If it wasn't for the fact that Wang Ming was trapped in the military tent, he would be able to cover all of the Sea And Sky Array with his Brain Deduction Technique.

Aware of the meaningful look in Wang Ming's eyes, Zhai Yin changed her attack pattern and deliberately revealed an opening.

Burning with his killing intent, Ghost Head Blade went all out to kill Zhai Yin first.

In the next moment, his pitch-black dagger body smashed through the layers of the barrier which he had set up himself, instantly creating a gap.

Building on this momentum, Zhai Yin cracked the barrier open!

"We did it!"

Zhai Yin whooped.

She stayed by Wang Ming's side and continued to protect him.

Almost the instant the barrier broke, Wang Ming was already sitting cross-legged as he exerted the full power of the Brain Deduction Technique and summoned the Heavenly Materials sword as he tried to lock onto the specific location of the core array pattern.

It was also at that moment that the army of white blood cells and red blood cells were transported over from the fake remains as they started to come out of the ground like mushrooms after the rain.

This was inevitably a massive hindrance in Wang Ming's search for the core array pattern.

"There's so many of them..."

Many of the teachers who had stayed behind cried out in surprise. Now that they no longer had to worry about the students, they followed Wu Zhenjun's command to stay behind and protect Wang Ming - as soon as Wang Ming found the core array pattern, they would gather all their firepower to destroy it in one go.

But the sheer size of this army of white blood cells, red blood cells, and even macrophages, made one feel like they were standing in an ocean of people - this was truly a massive amount of summoned cells!

There were more than ten thousand of them...

While most of the cells didn't have high realms, they would be very troublesome to deal with given how massive their numbers were.

That Lord Anxiang had also already been transferred over from the fake remains through the Sea And Sky Array, and he met up with Ghost Head Blade.

"Brother Dark Fragrance is truly amazing." Looking at the vast army, Ghost Head Blade praised him from the bottom of his heart.

"It's just a petty thing," Dark Fragrance replied.

The two of them stood watching at a distance.

They didn't notice a clone of Wang Ling standing not far from them, who was gazing at this cell army with dead fish eyes.

The teachers were all discussing telepathically how they were going to split up to confront the enemy.

The next moment, something happened which no one could have imagined.

The cells that had just come out of the ground actually went back down...

They had petrified looks in their eyes, like they were feeling threatened.





Chapter 745 Spiritual Pressure Off the Charts


The greatest oppressive force descended from the sky and swept over the whole scene, and no one had any idea what was happening.

Who was it?

For a moment, the lead teachers, plus the head of state who had been about to act, were all deeply shaken. They could feel that somewhere close by, a powerful expert had unleashed his "imperial aura." And the most frightening of all was how this imperial aura caused these summoned activated cells to go back into hiding.

It could be said that these cells were very eager to continue living.

Ghost Head Blade and Lord Anxiang had stunned expressions on their faces. The biggest expert whom they had identified at the scene was without doubt His Excellency who had previously disguised himself as Head of State 001... but he clearly wasn't the person who had released this spiritual pressure.

Unexpectedly, there was yet another hidden expert in their midst.

In Huaxiu Alliance's command center, every one of the Ten Generals who were present couldn't help getting up as they stared in astonishment at the scene in front of their eyes.

After that spiritual pressure had descended out of nowhere, President Qi had gotten the technicians to immediately mobilize the measurement gauges to monitor the data. In the end, all the more than one hundred and twenty spiritual pressure gauges in Huaxiu Alliance were overloaded! And their pointers were all pushed up to the maximum value! Moreover, more than ten of the gauges couldn't withstand the pressure overload and exploded several seconds later!

"This..."

President Qi's face was pale with shock.

These spiritual pressure gauges were linked to the space satellite, which made them highly resistant to pressure. They were connected in a series, and even an angry head of state could only overload sixty or so gauges.

But now, more than one hundred and twenty gauges were overloaded, and more than ten of them had exploded.

"Old Qi, this already isn't the first time." Dressed in training clothes as he hovered in the air, General Yi stroked his beard as he looked solemnly at this scene.

On the side, the other Ten Generals including Marshal Jiang also had suspicious expressions on their faces.

Everyone's hearts were as clear as a mirror.

Because this wasn't the first time this had happened.

The most recent incident...

During the combined military training for the six schools back then, there was a moment when all the spiritual pressure gauges had overloaded and gone off the charts. President Qi had also been the one in command behind the scenes when it had happened. Everyone had assumed that it had been an instrument malfunction and so hadn't paid too much attention to it.

It was just that during the post-operation checks, the technicians in charge of maintenance had said that there weren't any problems with the gauges, and that it was a normal occurrence when there was too much spiritual pressure.

At the time, it had become an unresolved issue with many dubious points.

That was because General Yi was the only one of the Ten Generals who had been sent along on the military training, and the maximum number of gauges he could overload was forty. Moreover, the Old Devil who wasn't at his peak could only overload twenty gauges.

Even if the two of them had fought back then, it was unlikely that they would overload all the spiritual pressure gauges.

"As expected... has that mysterious expert shown up again?" President Qi frowned deeply.

Including that time during the military training for six schools, this had already happened three times. The first time was six years ago when the Gate Between Worlds descended. Roughly around the time that the Tuntian Ha had been defeated, spiritual pressure had peaked once.

This mysterious expert's actions one after another was the focus of extraordinary attention from the whole of Huaxiu Alliance.

But this was far out of everyone's expectations this time; no one, including President Qi, had expected this mysterious expert to actually also be here at the summer camp...

"This person has acted from the dark time and again, probably because he's unwilling to reveal his face. But this is exactly how we can expose his identity," said General Yi. "After the summer camp, we can go through the list of all the teachers who were involved in the operation and inspect them one by one."

General Yi's first feeling was that this mysterious expert was among the teachers.

Since all the students had already been evacuated to the Rainbow Glass Box, the lead teachers were the most suspect.

"Mm." President Qi nodded. "Looking at the current situation, this person has taken action repeatedly, and should be friend, not foe... But we have no way of controlling a situation if he hides in the dark, which is absolutely unacceptable."

There were several days left to the end of the summer camp.

Since it was already confirmed that this mysterious expert was part of their ranks, this was undoubtedly the best chance they had to uncover his identity. This was because the head of state was around - once the head of state started probing, this expert would definitely give himself away no matter how amazing he was.

It was just that they could never have imagined...

The "mysterious expert" who had overloaded more than one hundred and twenty spiritual pressure gauges was merely one of Wang Ling's clones.

Wang Ling had promised the Heavenly Dao that he wouldn't initiate anything, but when he saw the Sea And Sky Array, he had changed his mind.

This couldn't be considered making an active move... but was necessary and legitimate self-defense!

Moreover, he was truly far more low-key this time - he had just used a clone to drive the summoned cell army back into the ground. This couldn't be considered going overboard...

...

On the other side, Wang Ming, who was being protected by Zhai Yin and many other teachers, was using the Brain Deduction Technique as his brain worked at lightning speed to find the core array pattern.

He sat cross-legged on the ground, and because of how fast his brain was working, his entire body had turned red. The veins on his forehead bulged out and throbbed, which was a ghastly sight.

Zhai Yin even wondered for a moment if his head would swell up like a balloon at the lightest touch and instantly explode.

Since the cells summoned by Ghost Head Blade had been scared into retreating by Wang Ling's clone, it was a huge weight off the lead teachers' shoulders, and they kept a close eye on Ghost Head Blade's and Dark Fragrance's movements not far away.

Dark Fragrance was manipulating the summoning array remotely. Furthermore, he had activated "death" mode, and was planning to stage a comeback.

At that moment, Wang Ming opened his eyes. "Found it!"

Seeing this, the head of state promptly pointed in the air as he synchronized Wang Ming's thoughts with those of all the lead teachers.

"Everyone, full firepower! Blow up the core array pattern!"

In an instant, a dozen or so teachers rushed out and easily found the location of the core array pattern based on the coordinates in Wang Ming's mind.

Boom boom boom boom boom...

A barrage of light beams and waves shot out from the teachers' palms and magic weapons as they started to shoot at the core array pattern in a frenzy, holding absolutely nothing back.

"Want to destroy the array pattern? Not that easy..." Ghost Head Blade was infuriated.

Wang Ming had been tightly surrounded earlier so Ghost Head Blade hadn't been able to attack him. Now that most of the people had gone off to attack the core array pattern, Ghost Head Blade knew that his chance had come.

Manipulating his pitch-black dagger body, he directly pierced the ground, and planned to launch a surprise attack from underneath.

In the end, he struggled out of the ground in pain a handful of seconds later. Who knew what the earth in these remains were comprised of, but he had barely been immersed in the ground for a few seconds before his blade body had actually started to corrode!





Chapter 746 Wang Ming Has Perished?


It was in that moment that Ghost Head Blade realized that the soil in the real remains wasn't ordinary soil... When his metal body came into direct contact with it, it had almost corroded. Luckily he had quick reflexes, otherwise if he had remained underground a few seconds more, he really would have broken down!

Once Ghost Head Blade learned that the soil was corrosive, he immediately switched tactics as he tried to attack Wang Ming in another way.

Wang Ming was now in a dangerous situation. He had overexerted himself using the Brain Deduction Technique, and was now in a weak state. It was a little like anemia since there wasn't enough blood going to his brain, so he didn't have enough qi and blood, was sweating all over, and his heart was racing... Wang Ming felt incredibly unwell for a moment, like a person who had suddenly stopped while sprinting.

He did his best to regulate his breathing and control his heart rate. A regular qi-replenishing pill wouldn't do Wang Ming much good in this situation since this was an injury caused by a mental impact.

"Brother Dark Fragrance, cover me!" At that moment, Night Chief's forces on the other side had already collapsed, and the only people who would be able to turn the situation around were Ghost Head Blade and Lord Anxiang.

Among the Dark Network members, these two were the most difficult to deal with. Zhai Yin sensed the killing intent and immediately set up a blade formation around Wang Ming.

"Cell Proliferation Spell!" Lord Anxiang clasped his hands together in a spell, and white cells instantly sprung up on Ghost Head Blade's pitch-black blade. These cells were like bacteria that rapidly multiplied on his body in an unending stream until they actually formed extremely tough cell armor that could regenerate continuously.

Ghost Head Blade didn't need to worry about anything else and just needed to dash forward -

his target was Wang Ming!

This scene made the head of state's heart sink. He stretched out his hands, intent on blocking the attack, but in the next moment, Lord Anxiang who had performed the "Cell Proliferation Spell" suddenly raised his hand and a purple light wave burst forth.

Dynamic Light Wave?

The head of state stared at Lord Anxiang, whose eyes had changed as his aura swelled sharply, completely different to before.

The head of state stopped and slowly focused. "Who is it..."

President Qi also fell into deep thought at this scene in the Huaxiu Alliance command center as he recalled an advanced spell called Cell Assimilation Spell.

This was a type of spirit technique similar to ghost possession. As long as you had obtained the DNA beforehand, this spell could be used to possess a body at long range. The usual possession technique had a cast range and the two bodies couldn't be too far apart, but the Cell Assimilation Spell could ignore the restriction on distance, and was only constrained by time.

Possession through the Cell Assimilation Spell usually could only last for five minutes at the very most.

This Lord Anxiang was initially a biological scientist, and he was extremely thorough in his cell research. He had even mastered a spell like the Cells At Work Spell and it couldn't be any simpler for him to cast the Cell Assimilation Spell.

"Who has possessed this man?" General Yi asked.

President Qi sighed and said in a profound voice, "Judging from the current situation, I think the leader behind Night Chief... is the only one who can stand up to His Excellency Head of State..."

President Qi now finally realized...

It turned out that Night Chief had planned all this.

From the Sea And Sky Array to Night Ghost Spirit Emperor making a move himself, everything had gone according to their plan.

...

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor successfully possessed Dark Fragrance's body through the Cell Assimilation Spell which the latter had cast. This was quite a memorable occasion for him, because it was his first confrontation with Huaxiu's head of state.

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor sneered as he stared at the head of state. "Your Excellency's trick was pretty good. That humanoid magic treasure almost fooled me, and your scheme might have succeeded."

A showdown between experts didn't require any extraneous actions at all. Facing each other at a distance, it looked like they weren't doing anything, but they were in fact tussling in the dark.

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's intention was very clear. Knowing that there was a time limit to the body possession, he was here to deliberately stall for time.

In this situation, the head of state couldn't spare any strength at all to go and rescue Wang Ming. It was now up to Zhai Yin and the other lead teachers to keep Wang Ming safe.

"Move aside." The head of state looked at Night Ghost Spirit Emperor with a profound gaze as he released terrifying pressure.

"If Your Excellency can step past my venerable self first, I will step aside." Night Ghost Spirit Emperor chuckled.

He was fearless. Both of them were True Immortals. Judging from the initial clash of their auras, the head of state was certain that Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's strength was on par with his. If they fought in these real remains, it would be a disaster... Furthermore, this was the first time Night Ghost Spirit Emperor was facing an enemy while possessing a body; revealing too much of himself wouldn't be a good thing.

"Unfortunately..."

Just then, Night Ghost Spirit Emperor sighed suddenly. "Unfortunately, the humanoid magic treasure which Your Excellency sent had such good defenses, and self-destructed before we had time to analyze it... Otherwise, my venerable self would have liked to study it properly, and then send it back in a Didi spirit car. In any case, it was just a shitty old man robot that wasn't at all good-looking; even if some Didi spirit car drivers are beasts, they probably wouldn't go so far as to do anything to an old man."

"..."

Hearing this, the head of state's face darkened a little.

He did his best to keep his composure, knowing that the other side was trying to provoke him into making a move.

For a moment, the showdown between the two experts was at a deadlock.

...

On the other side, under the cover of the Cell Proliferation Spell cast by Night Ghost Spirit Emperor and Dark Fragrance, Ghost Head Blade's way forward was unimpeded.

The pressure that Zhai Yin gave off was tremendous. The teachers who had remained behind weren't as strong as her and lacked combat experience. They had no idea what to do in the face of this type of ruffian rushing toward them.

Furthermore, most of the teachers had gone to attack the core array pattern after receiving Wang Ming's coordinates. As long as the Sea And Sky Array had yet to disappear, the real remains would continue to be in danger of being wantonly destroyed.

"Space Slash!" Ghost Head Blade rushed forward at the speed of light!

The instant he drew near, Zhai Yin's expression abruptly changed.

It was actually the Space Slash...

This was a pure suicide attack blade technique! Zhai Yin hadn't expected Ghost Head Blade, who had still been making noise earlier about wanting a host, to actually turn around and use such a deadly blade technique!

"Let's go to hell together..." Ghost Head Blade gave a cold, dark laugh as the blade cut through the air and directly pierced Zhai Yin's body.

But contrary to Ghost Head Blade's expectations, it seemed that Zhai Yin hadn't been hit...

Her body appeared on the other side.

Zhai Yin had been saved by Wang Ming's Brain Deduction Technique!

Ghost Head Blade was flustered, but didn't pause in his attack. Just as he was about to cut Wang Ming open, Wang Ming suddenly grabbed his head and let out a pained yell.

The next moment, a round black hole rose up from the crown of Wang Ming's head...

With a powerful force, Wang Ming and Ghost Head Blade were sucked into the black hole.





Chapter 747 The Life Of Ming


It was August 1st on Tuesday in the fifteenth week of the semester.

Wang Ming disappeared on his birthday; to be exact, the specific time of his disappearance was probably a little earlier...

The summer camp had to be suspended.

For now, the most important task was to send people to search for Wang Ming.

Of course, the students were unaware of Wang Ming's disappearance. Most of them had been inside the glass box when it happened, and they had no idea of the situation outside. As for the news that the summer camp had been temporarily suspended, Wu Zhenjun as the general commander of the lead teachers explained to the students that, because a group of foreign rebels had been captured yesterday, they had to assign manpower to conduct a preliminary interrogation first, and the summer camp would resume after the interrogation was over.

Among the students, except for Wang Ling and Fang Xing, no one else knew the truth.

The only good news was that the Sea And Sky Array had been neutralized, and Lord Anxiang, who had been responsible for summoning the cells, had also been taken down by the head of state after the magical effects of the Cell Assimilation Spell wore off

After that, Zhuo Yi's special ops team arrived and entered the Rainbow Glass Box to meet with Wu Zhenjun.

Zhai Yin was supposed to be at this meeting, but she had broken down the moment Wang Ming had been sucked into the black hole, as a result of the fight and her deep self-flagellation, and the medical team had been forced to give her a powerful sedative to get her to rest.

Zhuo Yi took Xiao Yin and Luo Chuang with him to the meeting in the conference room inside the Rainbow Glass Box, while Wuji turned back into her original shape and was stowed away inside Zhuo Yi's storage space.

Wuji's identity couldn't be revealed for now, otherwise it would cause unnecessary trouble.

"Wu Zhenjun, let me introduce you. These two are my right-hand men in this special ops team, Mr Luo Chuang and Mr Yin. I got to know them in the cultivation forum, and along with Great Death-Courting Senior, we're all good friends." Zhuo Yi introduced Luo Chuang and Xiao Yin.

"Mm." Wu Zhenjun nodded.

For Luo Chuang and Xiao Yin to be able to join this special ops team to enter the remains, they would certainly have been specially checked out by the authorities first, so Wu Zhenjun didn't ask too much about their identities.

In fact, as soon as he heard that they were friends with Great Death-Courting Senior, Wu Zhenjun knew that there basically weren't any problems with these two.

Great Death-Courting Senior was a celebrity in the circle, after all.

He didn't have a high realm, but he had a strong ability to court death...

Not only had he been going around all these years cracking down on criminal elements, he was also occupied with philanthropy.

Although Wu Zhenjun had never specially encountered Lord Thunder, he had heard about Lord Thunder from various sources. All of it could be summarized in one sentence: Not only did this man like to court death, he also had a mine at home1...

1(I.e. he's very rich.) ...

Clearing his throat, Wu Zhenjun said, "Then let me explain the current situation to Director Zhuo."

This was a secret meeting specially arranged for Zhuo Yi's special ops team. Only Wu Zhenjun and Zhuo Yi's group were present in the massive conference room.

Wu Zhenjun: "Thanks to Lao Gudong Xiaoer, the Sea And Sky Array currently has already been unraveled. However, a small proportion of the activated white blood cells, red blood cells and macrophages that came out earlier are still fleeing through the remains. We've already dispatched some teachers to track them down. Before he was caught, that Dark Network wanted criminal codenamed Dark Fragrance issued new orders to these cells to destroy the spirit plants."

This was smashing an already cracked pot...

"Can't we destroy the summoning array?" Zhuo Yi sighed.

Wu Zhenjun shook his head. "While the summoning array in the fake remains has been destroyed through the Sea And Sky Array, the problem is the range of the Sea And Sky Array, as the activated cells which were already transferred to the real remains weren't affected by the array."

"I see..." Zhuo Yi nodded.

Wu Zhenjun: "The second thing I'm going to talk about has to do with Lao Gudong Xiaoer and Ghost Head Blade being sucked into a black hole during this operation. According to Huaxiu Alliance's President Qi, the black hole isn't a crack in space created by the Space Slash, but is an unusual side effect of Lao Gudong Xiaoer overusing the Brain Deduction Technique."

Zhuo Yi, Xiao Yin and Luo Chuang were blank as they listened, and didn't quite understand his meaning.

Wu Zhenjun thought for a while and then gave a simpler explanation. "To put it simply, Director Zhuo can think of it this way: as a result of Lao Gudong Xiaoer overworking his brain, his mental fluctuations affected real space, thus creating the legendary brain pit2... That black hole is in fact a pit in the brain."

2(脑洞, similar to when we say someone has "a pit in the brain" or a "hole in the head.") "..."

Zhuo Yi was silent for a long moment.

After a moment, he looked up at Wu Zhenjun. "What are the chances that Lao Gudong Xiaoer is still alive..." He wanted to hear what the Huaxiu government thought about Wang Ming's chances of survival.

Actually, Zhuo Yi knew that there was no chance of Wang Ming dying at all. After all, he was the man who had shifu behind him!

Also, Zhuo Yi had seen shifu's relaxed face on the way to the meeting, and instantly his heart was as clear as a mirror; he was guessing that his shifu had probably given Wang Ming a revival token!

Wu Zhenjun's face darkened at Zhuo Yi's words. A moment later, he looked up at Zhuo Yi. "The brain pit is also an unusual type of spatial storm... If a cultivator falls into it without any sort of defense, his chances of survival are less than thirty percent, unless he is an Almighty at the Itinerant Immortal level and above - the inner quality of their bodies allows them to travel back and forth through the spatial storm. Given Lao Gudong Xiaoer's normal body, the chances of him surviving are very low."

After saying that, Wu Zhenjun raised his little finger. "This is Lao Gudong Xiaoer's current odds of survival..."

Zhuo Yi: "One in a hundred?"

Wu Zhenjun: "One in ten thousand..."

Zhuo Yi: "..."

...

The meeting ended in the early hours of August 1st.

From the Rainbow Glass Box, two-thirds of the teachers had been sent to look for Wang Ming, even though most of them knew that his chances of survival were already very slim...

When it came to the subject of space, there was probably no one here more familiar with it than Wuji.

It was true that the spatial storm was indeed very terrible, and once drawn into it, you would be instantly torn to shreds if you had a normal body. Wuji, however, had another opinion.

"A spatial storm isn't the only thing that a brain pit generates, it's just that the probability that it takes the form of a spatial storm is higher." Wuji said, "There is another situation, which is spatial turbulence. If it's spatial turbulence, the odds that Mr Wang is still alive are much higher..."

Spatial turbulence was an unusual spatial phenomenon which happened very rarely. A person swallowed by the turbulence would drift in space for a very long time before the space finally spat them back out into the original world.

Of course, they would always be spat out in a different and random location.

Wuji had a very strong hunch that Wang Ming wasn't dead yet, and was now probably floating somewhere in space...





Chapter 748 Dead Sea of Space


Wang Ming woke up...

The first thing he felt was sharp pain, as if his head had been sliced open with a watermelon knife and almost split apart. It was a very long while before Wang Ming recovered slightly from the sensation.

Even when he moved, he didn't dare make any big movements in case it injured his head.

When he sat up to determine where he was, two hours had already passed since the moment he had opened his eyes.

His head hurt so badly that he couldn't think straight. When he sat up, he was wet with sweat and his white coat was already drenched.

Finally, he could clearly see his surroundings.

He was in the middle of an aurora...

Before him was a sea of glass with no end in sight. The splendid colors of an aurora filled the sky as the lights tangled together in a dazzling display.

Currently, he was sitting on the Heavenly Materials sword which had taken the form of a bamboo raft and which was floating in this sea of glass.

"Is this the brain pit Old Qi mentioned before..."

Calming down, Wang Ming recalled how he had arrived here.

He clearly remembered that he had forcibly performed the Brain Deduction Technique with his overloaded brain in order to save Zhai Yin, hence why he had ended up here.

If it hadn't been for the Heavenly Materials sword, he would likely already have been torn apart by the storm as soon as he had been sucked into the space...

All high-end magic swords had a "save master spirit blade" mechanism. Normally, the activation of this mechanism depended on the sword spirit. When its rapport with its master was higher, the sword spirit could come out at a critical moment to block an attack, even at the cost of its own life.

But Wang Ming's Heavenly Materials sword didn't have a sword spirit. This current "save master" mechanism was nothing more than Wang Ming using scientific means to produce a similar effect.

When all was said and done, the Heavenly Materials sword was a rare magic sword which Cheng Yu had created at great cost. When he had been redesigning the Heavenly Materials sword, Wang Ming thought that apart from incorporating certain scientific elements into it, he should try to align it as close to a conventional magic sword as possible.

Simply put, his scientific magic sword had all the functions of a regular magic sword!

It was just that Wang Ming never thought that his idea back then would actually come in so handy at this moment...

"Brat... you're awake?"

Just as Wang Ming was pondering how to get out of here, Ghost Head Blade's voice rang out on the bamboo raft.

Startled, Wang Ming hurriedly scooted backward. When he looked harder, he realized that Ghost Head Blade really was on the bamboo raft... the Heavenly Materials sword's "save master" mechanism should only work on the sword's owner; Wang Ming was guessing that the Heavenly Materials sword had mistaken Ghost Head Blade's blade form to be Wang Ming's magic treasure, and thus had also saved him...

This could be regarded as a flaw in Wang Ming's design.

Wang Ming gnashed his teeth. Who would have thought he would overlook this small detail?

If he got out of here, he definitely had to fix this bug!

Hm...

If...

He could get out...

However, Ghost Head Blade seemed to be in much more dire straits than Wang Ming.

Logically speaking, Ghost Head Blade should absolutely kill Wang Ming, but he wasn't in a hurry to do so now. He lay quietly at the front of the bamboo raft in his blade form, without projecting even the slightest bit of killing intent.

Or rather, Ghost Head Blade already no longer had the energy to emit killing intent.

"I never thought that in the end, you and I would actually suffer together... sucked into this Dead Sea of Space." Ghost Head Blade's voice was very weak.

So this was the Dead Sea of Space?

Wang Ming narrowed his eyes, and didn't dare make any overly big movements. He had been startled into scooting backward by Ghost Head Blade's voice earlier, and now his head hurt so much it felt like it was going to explode.

He remembered that Old Qi had told him about cultivation space before. The Dead Sea of Space should be considered a type of spatial turbulence and was better than being in a spatial storm, but a person would still experience the pain of a tear in space when they were first sucked in. The only difference was that the spatial turbulence phenomenon correlated with the Dead Sea of Space, which was a slightly safer environment, while a spatial storm correlated with an even bigger storm... Except for Almighty-level cultivators, most people who entered a spatial storm never came back out.

Wang Ming stuck out his hand and lightly touched a drop of "water" in this Dead Sea of Space... This was a type of spatial fluid that was extremely buoyant. This spatial fluid was bottomless. A light touch wasn't dangerous, but you absolutely couldn't immerse yourself in it for too long, otherwise it would slowly corrode you inside out, even if you had bones of steel.

So if he were to throw Ghost Head Blade out of the raft now...

Instantly, a bold idea struck Wang Ming.

But it was very quickly dispelled by Ghost Head Blade's voice. "Brat... I know what you're thinking... I warn you, while it now almost hurts too much for me to move, if you dare lay a hand on me, do you think that I won't instantly cut your throat and take you down with me?"

"..."

Wang Ming backtracked, his intuition telling him that this wasn't an empty threat.

Given Ghost Head Blade's current state, he wouldn't be able to seize Wang Ming's body for the time being, but he definitely had the strength to take both of them down together...

The Heavenly Materials sword had now turned into a bamboo raft to protect him. This was the only weapon Wang Ming had now. If the Heavenly Materials sword was still in its original form, he might still have had the strength to fight Ghost Head Blade, who now had "Residual Blood 1 ." But in a situation where Wang Ming couldn't directly use the Heavenly Materials sword, confronting the enemy would be an illogical choice. After all, he only had a normal body.

1(Very low health.) "Of course, I have to save my last bit of strength for getting out of here... If you don't try anything sneaky with me, I naturally won't attack you, since it'll do me no good." Ghost Head Blade laughed bitterly.

"You still want to get out of here?" Wang Ming was amused. "Once you're sucked into the Dead Sea of Space, unless you can tear the space open yourself, we'll have to wait for the space to get rid of foreign matter and spit us out. How long do you think that will take?"

Many people had a mistaken notion about the spatial turbulence phenomenon, and thought that after being sucked into it, they would be spat out by the space itself in a few hours.

It was true that the Dead Sea of Space would spit living things out in a few hours in real time, but time flowed at a different rate here compared with the real world. One day of drifting in the Dead Sea of Space was only ten minutes in the outside world.

"Looks like you know quite a bit about the Dead Sea of Space, don't you?"

Ghost Head Blade chuckled sinisterly. "Just like you've said, it's almost impossible for me to get out given my current state. But I bet you definitely have a way to get us out... Your brain can help me escape, which is one of the reasons why I decided not to kill you."

Speaking up to this point, Ghost Head Blade's voice suddenly turned cold. "So now you have two options... One: die with me. Two: we cooperate and get out together."

"Very well, I choose option two."

Wang Ming spread his hands without hesitation. "But what do you mean by cooperation?"

Ghost Head Blade: "You think of a way to get us out, I'll cheer you on."

Wang Ming: "..."





Chapter 749 Survive


Wang Ming wasn't a fool. Since this was an escape collaboration, Ghost Head Blade had to do his part, otherwise Wang Ming would be the one to suffer a loss.

In the current situation, although Ghost Head Blade claimed that this was a last ditch attempt, Wang Ming believed that Ghost Head Blade wanted to survive more than he let on. Ghost Head Blade was desperate to get out of here, yet that didn't mean Wang Ming could use this to threaten him.

Wang Ming remembered Ghost Head Blade saying before that he had to find a host within a few days when he was in his blade form, otherwise his soul would be cursed by the ancient artifact spirit and he would be directly exterminated.

That was to say, Wang Ming had two days at most to figure out a way to get out of here, or given Ghost Head Blade's personality, he would definitely drag Wang Ming down to be buried with him.

From the moment the two of them had started drifting on this bamboo raft, the embodiment of the Heavenly Materials sword, the game had already started... Wang Ming was aware that if he wanted to survive, it was a race against time.

Time flowed at a different pace in the outside world, plus he wasn't sure if Wang Ling could find him. Although he had specifically told Wang Ling before to keep a low profile as much as possible during this summer camp so as not to arouse the suspicions of the many teachers who were around this time... All along, Wang Ming had half-expected Wang Ling to show up.

But in the end, it was just an expectation...

If possible, Wang Ming still wanted to use his own strength to fight his way out of this crisis this time: if you wanted something done well, you had to do it yourself!

He had to live...

He had too much unfinished business.

If he was dead, who would listen to Old Qi's nagging? He had promised Old Qi before that one day, he would become his most outstanding disciple, to surpass him and live up to his reputation as Wisdom Saint.

If he was dead, what would happen to the Head of State 001 research? This was his greatest masterpiece to date.

If he was dead, who would eat Zhai Yin's awful fried dragon pork chops?

If he was dead, what would happen to the primordial qi research? Who would save his little brother...

For a moment, Wang Ming's thoughts flew through his head.

Normally, he always felt that he was like a flower in a greenhouse. He was always tightly protected by other people.

He never imagined that he would find himself in such dire straits one day.

If it wasn't for this incident, Wang Ming didn't think he would normally consider these issues at all.

He, Wang Ming...

Had to do everything possible to break out of here and live!

Wang Ming pondered deeply.

The expression in his eyes for some reason gave Ghost Head Blade peace of mind. This was a gamble: he had chosen not to kill Wang Ming, but to pin all his hopes for survival on Wang Ming alone.

As for his promise that he wouldn't do anything to Wang Ming and that they would get out of here together...

Promise?

How much was that worth?

Ghost Head Blade had already decided, as long as Wang Ming could figure out a way to get out of here, he would use his last bit of strength to seize Wang Ming's body.

He already didn't have much time left...

In less than four days, his soul would be cursed and he would be directly annihilated.

He had to live. To live was everything.

Ghost Head Blade knew that there was no turning back now at this point.

For many years he had acted as the blade in someone else's hand, accepted a variety of assignments, and even staked everything on an exchange with an ancient artifact spirit.

Constantly changing his host body was in some sense a type of immortality.

But what Ghost Head Blade wanted to do was simply bring his sect to greater heights of development.

Ghost Ax Sect was recognized in the circle as the top killer sect which was established by Numinous Mother. And he was the sect's third disciple, ranked after Gorgeous Itinerant and Daoist Taotie.

In Ghost Ax Sect, the strong were revered. Ghost Head Blade's lifelong dream was to complete the assignment from his sect, which was to kill ten thousand people, and then he could inherit the true legacy of the sect!

So Ghost Head Blade felt that he couldn't die here...

"Brat... I advise you to figure out something in the next twelve hours, or you die," Ghost Head Blade threatened Wang Ming.

"I don't need you to tell me that."

Wang Ming replied unenthusiastically, "I should be able to figure out a way, but you know... The brain needs brain cells to function, and for now, my head hurts when I'm thinking. Do you have anything to eat? Two walnuts for boosting the brain would be good!"

Ghost Head Blade's voice turned cold. "What trick are you playing?"

"Trick? How dare I?" Wang Ming waved his hand with a weak expression. "You know, I'm just an ordinary person. I can't go a day without food."

Ghost Head Blade was instantly speechless.

Because it was true.

He had overlooked this point just now, and had forgotten that Wang Ming was an ordinary person...

What a troublesome brat!

"Here!" Ghost Head Blade had no choice but to give him his own tonic.

It was a red oval pill about the size of a Mylikes chocolate.

"This is a qi-replenishing pill..." Ghost Head Blade said.

This was a grade four pill, and was incredibly expensive. When an ordinary person ate one, not only could it heal any body injuries, it could boost vitality and act as a fasting pill.

This was the only pill that Ghost Head Blade carried on him, which was originally for his host's use. If his host body was injured, one pill was normally enough to fix some of the damage... But now that he didn't have a body, Ghost Head Blade naturally couldn't enjoy its effects. In the current situation, a mutually profitable cooperation was more important.

He wanted Wang Ming to think of a way to get them out of here first.

And Wang Ming's physical recovery would also benefit Ghost Head Blade when he forcefully seized his body later. In any case, after he had successfully stolen Wang Ming's body, this pill would have been used to help his host - it would have just been a matter of time.

"Thanks!" Wang Ming wasn't polite and directly swallowed the pill. In this situation, since Ghost Head Blade wanted him to find a way out, the pill he had taken out definitely had to be a regular, good pill, and he wouldn't give Wang Ming poison.

Sure enough, after taking the qi-replenishing pill, its effects were immediately apparent, as Wang Ming's head instantly felt lighter.

At least fifty percent of his body had recovered with this pill...

But Wang Ming didn't directly reveal this on his face, and he frowned instead. "Your pill... isn't very effective!"

Ghost Head Blade sneered. "Brat, that was the last pill I had, it's enough to keep you full for a few days. You don't have any more excuses now, do you? Hurry up and think of something! I've already given you the pill. As for how effective it is, it's got nothing to do with me."

In fact, Ghost Head Blade truly couldn't guarantee the pill's efficacy. If a cultivator digested this type of high-quality pill, it required help from spirit energy for quicker absorption. For an ordinary person, it might take a long time for the pill to be completely digested...

Ghost Head Blade didn't know enough about pills, since all that Ghost Ax Sect taught was killer techniques.

Half an hour after the pill entered his stomach, Wang Ming had already fully digested it.

A cultivator used spirit energy to accelerate absorption, while Wang Ming used meditation... Meditation could produce the same effect, but was only possible if you had a powerful brain.

If Wang Ming wanted to, he could even use meditation to levitate slightly off the ground... But only for very short intervals.

On the bamboo raft, Ghost Head Blade was feeling a little impatient. "Brat, how's it coming along?"

Wang Ming folded his arms. "Don't worry, I'm getting there..."

In fact, when Wang Ming had first surveyed the Dead Sea of Space, he already had an idea.





Chapter 750 Wang Ming Recycling


This Dead Sea of Space had sucked in too much garbage and waste from the outside world and there were many magic treasure bits and pieces floating in the sea. If you were lucky, you might find an almost intact magic treasure... However, after being sucked into the Dead Sea of Space, most of these magic treasures wouldn't work since the spirit fluid of the Dead Sea of Space had a strong corrosive effect.

Of course, that didn't mean that some of the magic treasures couldn't withstand the corrosion.

Wang Ming concluded that if he wanted to break out of this Dead Sea of Space, the corrosion-resistant magic treasures were especially important. Hence, these magic treasure fragments floating in the sea were actually quite useful!

He might be able to find the parts he needed!

Wang Ming took off his white coat and belt. Unfortunately, Wang Ming had felt that the long johns were too hot, so he had left them in the dorm in the glass box.

He had initially thought that this was the first day of the summer camp, and it was unlikely that something would happen. In the end, he had wound up in this situation...

Only now did he think about the benefits of the long johns.

Wang Ling had personally enchanted this set of long johns, and its usefulness in this situation would have been even more apparent.

Ghost Head Blade didn't know what Wang Ming was going to do, but seeing that he had started to move, he immediately understood that he had probably come up with some idea.

After taking off his white coat and belt, Wang Ming checked the spirit power in his storage ring... Currently, there was seventy-two percent left, which was enough for him to carry out his follow-up plan, but Wang Ming couldn't directly reveal this; this was one of his trump cards, and Ghost Head Blade absolutely couldn't know about it.

Hence, he frowned deeply...

Seeing Wang Ming frown, Ghost Head Blade for some reason felt a little panicked. "Brat... What's wrong this time?"

Wang Ming rubbed his head as he pretended to ponder, his eyebrows knitting tightly into a knot as he tried to highlight the gravity of the situation. "I have an idea."

"Go on..." Ghost Head Blade said darkly.

"Previously, our research institute developed a device called a Spirit Power Amplification Cannon." Wang Ming said, "The device can convert spirit energy into a substantial blast, creating tremendous force with little effort. There are a lot of magic treasure fragments floating around in this Dead Sea of Space. If I make good use of these parts, I can build one right away. It'll take me roughly two days."

Wang Ming was resolute and looked very confident when he said this.

Ghost Head Blade believed him. The Dead Sea of Space was just like a graveyard for magic treasures... In the past, too many Almightys had cut up space in battle, which ultimately led to magic treasures being accidentally sucked into the Dead Sea of Space. Legend had it that in the battle between Crouching Cow Zhenren 1 and Red Clouds Emperor Li Yaoshi, their world-defying immortal warships collided before falling into the Dead Sea of Space.

1(The pseudonym of the online sci-fi author who wrote "Forty Millenniums of Cultivation .. ") That was a long time ago, so far back that even Ghost Head Blade couldn't remember exactly when it had happened.

If these two immortal warships were still here, they would be absolutely priceless since Crouching Cow Zhenren and Red Clouds Emperor Li Yaoshi had sequestered a great deal of their own riches in strongboxes on the warships back then. Even if the spatial spirit fluid was highly corrosive, it would still be impossible for it to corrode a specially-made strongbox.

Moreover, the two immortal warships were gigantic and were world-defying magic treasures, so they were unlikely to corrode so easily.

Unfortunately, who knew what part of the Dead Sea of Space these two world-defying immortal warships had been drifting in for the past millennia.

The Dead Sea of Space was endless, and you never knew what kind of useful magic treasure fragment would float past you in the next moment.

Thus, given that he knew this much about the Dead Sea of Space, Ghost Head Blade was convinced by Wang Ming's words. There were all kinds of magic treasure fragments floating around here, and while they looked like they were already of no damn use, who knew if this "strongest brain" really had a way to use these fragments to recreate a magic treasure.

However, Wang Ming said that he needed two days to make it, which instantly made Ghost Head Blade fall into a deep silence.

"One day... you have to make the magic treasure in one day," Ghost Head Blade said a moment later, his tone a little menacing.

He couldn't wait that long. Two days was too long for him. Whether this magic treasure could produce a blast powerful enough to break through the Dead Sea of Space's barrier to get them out was now still up in the air.

If it failed, Wang Ming would need more time to make another new magic treasure.

However, Ghost Head Blade's original form wouldn't allow him to wait that long.

The ancient artifact spirit's curse was more like a ticking time bomb for him...

Thus, he needed Wang Ming to speed up and develop this thing as soon as possible.

"Just one day..." Wang Ming furrowed his brow. "It's not impossible, but you'll have to help in order to make it possible!"

"If you're sure that the whatever cannon you're talking about will work, I can do it," Ghost Head Blade said.

"I'm very confident that it'll definitely work," Wang Ming said. "When the cannon fires a shot, it'll definitely destroy this space wall and we'll be able to get out! But one day is really very tight! You have to help out!"

"What do you want to do?" Ghost Head Blade asked.

"I need spirit energy!"

Saying this, Wang Ming took a toolbox out of his storage ring and grinned. "The tools in this toolbox have to be injected with spirit energy before they can be used, and if I want to make the magic treasure, I'll need to use the tools inside. You know that I'm an ordinary person, and usually I have assistants helping me in the lab. Right now, you're the only one with spirit energy!"

Wang Ming's words were a mix of truth and lies. The tools in the toolbox did require spirit energy to work, but in the lab, Wang Ming usually used the spirit power stored inside the storage ring, and he could complete everything on his own.

Not only did the ring on his hand store items, it also stored spirit power!

With seventy-two percent of spirit power left now, Wang Ming estimated that he would have to use at least more than forty percent of it to recreate the magic treasure, which would cause his ultimate plan to fail.

So from the very beginning, this was all a ploy on Wang Ming's part.

Originally, he had estimated that it would only take him a day to finish this magic treasure. He had deliberately said two days so that Ghost Head Blade would bargain with him over it.

His goal was nothing more than to swindle Ghost Head Blade of his spirit energy...

Wang Ming took out the tools, lined them up on the Heavenly Materials bamboo raft, and then took a deep breath before looking at Ghost Head Blade. "Hey, so? Are you going to cooperate or not? You're the one who wants me to get this done fast, but in the end the person dragging his feet is also you! Do you still want to get out of here or not? If you don't, we can both just die together!"

"Fine... I can give you spirit energy..."

Ghost Head Blade clenched his teeth, feeling very aggrieved.

He was filled with resentment.

In the current situation, however, he could only endure.

He had already decided in his heart, the moment the magic treasure was complete, he would seize control of Wang Ming's body at once.

Ghost Head Blade sneered.

After all, this was just an ignorant greenhorn...

He had absolutely no idea that his death was close at hand.





Chapter 751 To Bring the Thunder


Wang Ling knew that Wang Ming was still alive.

Although, when he activated the Mind-Reading Ability, all he heard were the pitying voices of the lead teachers for this summer camp lamenting Wang Ming's death.

The paper crane "life talisman" which Wang Ling had folded for Wang Ming was still here, and could act as life support.

But since it hadn't been activated up to now, this was enough to prove that Wang Ming hadn't died, so Wang Ling immediately assumed that the former was probably in the Dead Sea of Space...

However, in most people's minds, Wang Ming was already dead.

Even Wu Zhenjun was already making funeral arrangements.

For example: Wang Ming's portrait.

To protect his identity, Wang Ming had never taken an ID photo in military uniform. The only photo which the government currently had on file was the image used for his official fake ID "Wang Xiaoer."

In the ID photo, Wang Ming wore a dark black short-sleeved shirt and a foolish smile.

"Is this the only photo we have?" Wu Zhenjun stared at Wang Ming's photo and couldn't stop sighing.

"Yes." A lead teacher accompanying him also sighed. "Also, the higher-ups want us to prepare everything that we have on this matter."

"Mm, got it. I'm already writing down what happened, and reviewing the events as well." Wu Zhenjun gave a nod.

Next, they could only wait for instructions from the higher-ups.

Wu Zhenjun was guessing that following Wang Ming's death, the higher-ups would certainly make his identity known. Although he was just an ordinary person, as the most powerful brain hiding behind Huaxiu nation all these years, he had made indelible contributions to the country over the last twenty years or so with all sorts of technological breakthroughs in cultivation magic treasures.

During his life, his identity had to be kept a secret.

After his death, his identity and achievements definitely had to be proclaimed to the world.

Perhaps the science textbooks next year would contain his photo.

Though, the only official photo they had of him was this ID photo...

"Lao Gudong Xiaoer is so unfortunate, I can't believe there's only one photo of him. If I had known earlier, I should've taken one with him." The lead teacher couldn't stop sighing.

"Then what is the opinion of the higher-ups?"

"They initially thought that we would take some photos of him on this trip, but we realized in the end that there weren't any. The main problem is that his smile in this ID photo is just too foolish and not serious at all. But we don't have any other choice now... There are no photos of Lao Gudong Xiaoer in military uniform, so the leader has said to photoshop his head onto a military uniform and use that as his portrait."

Wu Zhenjun: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

On the other side at the Huaxiu Alliance command center, the entire department had instantly entered "liver-destroying" overtime mode after Wang Ming's disappearance.

The command center had dispatched technicians to provide extra one-on-one support for the lead teachers who were searching for Wang Ming in the real remains. Apart from providing relevant long-distance technical support, they also helped these teachers to communicate with a team of experts outside the remains.

The main role of these experts was to provide long-distance support for the lead teachers who were headed west in their search for Wang Ming.

This was mainly because the western region of the remains weren't fully explored yet, and the only thing Huaxiu nation had at present was data which this Huaxiu Alliance team of experts had yet to make public.

The lead teachers had limited experience, so if they encountered some poisonous spirit plant which they didn't recognize, they would basically be able to avoid them as long as they had these experts providing long-distance support.

Huaxiu Alliance already knew the eastern half of the map of the real remains inside out, and it was practically impossible for any accidents to happen here.

But the western part was still completely unknown to them.

Even if Wang Ming was still alive, if the space spat him out in the western half, it was still very dangerous.

So President Qi had immediately given the order for Wu Zhenjun to dispatch some reliable teachers to look for Wang Ming in the west.

Apart from Wang Ling, President Qi all along believed that Wang Ming was still alive.

When he had learned of the catastrophe that had befallen Wang Ming, President Qi had clasped his hands behind his back and fixed his eyes forward as he gazed in one direction for a very long time.

From beginning to end, General Yi and the other Ten Generals who were present took in this scene.

General Yi never thought that President Qi, who normally doted on and protected his disciple, would be so composed after learning of Wang Ming's misfortune. But the truth was that his intuition was telling him that all this was just on the surface...

After ten minutes or so, President Qi finally moved.

He turned around and looked at General Yi. "Old Yi, help me take care of things here."

"Sure thing." General Yi directly agreed.

He didn't say anything unnecessary.

The moment President Qi turned around, General Yi plus the other Ten Generals who were present knew what he was going to do.

In everyone's eyes, Old Qi was an upright and honest person who always did things by the book.

Of course, this didn't mean that Old Qi didn't have a bottom line...

It was already over four thousand years since Huaxiu nation was established, and as one of the Ten Generals, Old Qi's cultivation was naturally unfathomable. But in the several thousand years before he met Wang Ming, this Wisdom Saint had never taken in a disciple. Every one of the Ten Generals present remembered the look of pleasant delight on Old Qi's face when he had discovered Wang Ming back then, as if he had become a dad.

Furthermore, they had all been utterly stunned by his choice in the beginning.

They were unable to understand why Old Qi would choose an ordinary person to be his disciple.

In the end, reality proved that Old Qi had made the right decision.

Wang Ming's appearance indeed provided major breakthroughs one after another in knotty problems with magic treasure technology.

Old Qi limited Wang Ming's movements and concealed his true identity, protecting this disciple of his like his own kid.

Now, something had happened to Wang Ming.

Everyone's hearts were actually as clear as a mirror.

"Old Qi."

When Old Qi walked toward the door of the Huaxiu Alliance command center, Marshal Jiang stopped him with a yell.

Old Qi paused and turned his face slightly. "What?"

"What has happened, happened; you should know that you can't change anything," Marshal Jiang warned him.

"Mm."

President Qi knew that.

After a moment of silence, he said, "But someone hurt my disciple, and I must address this myself. Night Chief is indeed formidable, but I can still give them a warning."

"Once the head of state finds out, he'll definitely be furious."

"My mind's already made up. If the head of state doles out punishment later, I'll shoulder the blame." President Qi stroked his beard. "All of you here have yet to take in a disciple that you can be proud of, right? You may not understand my decision today, but I believe you will in the future."

"..."

Marshal Jiang was instantly lost for words.

"And let me clarify one thing."

President Qi gazed at everyone in the command center. "Wang Ming is this old man's disciple! It is impossible for him to die so easily!"





Chapter 752 Mind Amplification Device


The Ten Generals had come through that time and shared extremely deep bonds with each other, which had translated into the Huaxiu nation of today. If they weren't united, internal cracks would have already started to show a long time ago.

Of course, from the moment this Night Chief affair started, the Ten Generals had guessed that there might be a mole at the management level... But this entailed a careful investigation. Since they didn't have any proof, the best would be if they could catch the mole and find evidence.

The moment something happened to Wang Ming, General Yi and Marshal Jiang had already anticipated that Old Qi would stand up for him.

Old Qi was known for protecting his disciple.

Especially at the research institute, envious colleagues would always sneakily snitch on Wang Ming, but none of these reports were ever delivered to Huaxiu Alliance, as Old Qi would personally intercept and destroy them.

As he always said: talent would always be the target of envy.

Old Qi had experienced his own share of this sort of suffering when he was young.

To protect and educate was one thing, but like called to like.

While Wang Ming was sometimes haughty, he was absolutely respectful toward Old Qi.

At work, they were teacher and disciple, and in life, they were like father and son. For Old Qi, Wang Ming was the only candidate capable of assuming the mantle of Wisdom Sage after Old Qi retired one day. Most people felt that Wang Ming was still lacking in many aspects and was still very young, but from the moment Old Qi had discovered Wang Ming, he had firmly believed that this person was the hope and future that he lived for.

Old Qi didn't leave the Huaxiu Alliance building, but headed for his office.

He was going to give those people from Night Chief a warning.

But that didn't mean that he had to run off overseas.

Old Qi understood that as one of the Ten Generals, if he ran off just like that, it wouldn't just be the head of state he would alarm, but the country's news media would also be shaken.

Hence, President Qi had already decided on a more feasible option.

"Is everything ready?"

When Old Qi returned to his office, a young man was already waiting for him.

This was Old Qi's office assistant, Qi Mengyu.

Old Qi didn't have family, and Qi Mengyu was his adopted son and trusted aide whom Old Qi had had with him since young. Although he couldn't be considered a cultivation genius, he was still pretty good. He was quite a fair bit older than Wang Ming and the two of them were even closer than biological brothers.

"Everything's set up. The equipment was already tested the other day, there are no problems," replied Qi Mengyu.

When he had learned about what had happened to Wang Ming, he knew that Old Qi might do something, but he hadn't expected Old Qi to go this far for Wang Ming.

The last time Old Qi had activated his equipment in his office was several hundred years ago when he went up against a demon god...

This equipment set-up was called the Mind Amplification Device, and the way it worked was very simple: one only needed to sit on the sofa in the space capsule and put on a wireless helmet which would immediately amplify the mind.

Given Old Qi's current mental strength, when he used a particular cultivation technique with the helmet on, he could easily speak to anyone in any corner of the earth and even launch a long-distance mental attack.

This was now already version 8.0 of this amplification device, and it was Wang Ming who had completed the latest upgrade.

"Mengyu, stand guard outside the door and don't let anyone in," President Qi said to Qi Mengyu.

After that, President Qi turned a hidden knob in his office table, and the bookshelf behind him suddenly opened to both sides. Behind the bookshelf was a safe the size of a Rubik's cube. President Qi brought it up to his eye. It automatically opened, and with a ray of spirit light, he was directly sucked into the cube.

The equipment set had been shrunk down in size and placed inside the safe using space extension technology.

This safe had a built-in shrinking magic array, which was automatically activated through eye verification.

...

Elsewhere, Wang Ming was examining the tools on the bamboo raft.

Ghost Head Blade had injected enough spirit energy for Wang Ling to use into the toolbox. By his calculations, he realized that there was even a surplus of spirit energy in the toolbox.

Mm... when the time came, he could store this extra spirit energy in his ring.

"This is the blueprint for the amplification device. In order to guarantee that it will break through the space wall, I've significantly increased the original parameters to ensure that it will work in one blast." Wang Ming spent ten minutes or so drawing the blueprint for the "Amplification Cannon" on the drawing board that had been inside the toolbox, and included the corresponding formulas under the parameters for each component.

Ghost Head Blade didn't quite understand what he was looking at, but this drawing reassured him greatly.

Looking at the blueprint, he suddenly asked, "I heard that you are Wisdom Sage's disciple?"

"That's right." Wang Ming didn't deny it.

Since the other party had asked, this proved that he had definitely investigated him, so there was no use in Wang Ming hiding the truth.

"Our Old Qi also has an amplification cannon. I was the one who designed the blueprint for the latest version, so I'm very familiar with the parameters," Wang Ming said. "At the very beginning, the prototype was actually a mind amplification device. When Old Qi developed it back then, he gave it to a foreign mutant organization. A Professor X used this device to recruit all kinds of people and even opened a mutant school."

"..."

"But there were defects in the first design, and using this device easily caused hair loss, so it wasn't long before this Professor X turned bald."

"..."

"And this mutant school still exists! I visited the place when I went overseas with Old Qi before!"

Ghost Head Blade was suddenly curious and tsked. "So are you a craftsman?"

"No, I'm just an inventor," replied Wang Ming. "In a broad sense, a craftsman mainly forges and refines artifacts by melting the raw materials and then molding it into shape before finally pouring spirit energy into them. But for ordinary people with no spirit energy like us, we can also create magic treasures with modern technology if we're smart enough. But this type of magic treasure works off two energy sources. The standard magic treasures forged by craftsmen operate on spirit energy, while the scientific magic treasures which we create operate jointly on spirit energy and rechargeable spirit energy."

Ghost Head Blade gave a "mm.""... What you say fits with what I know."

Actually, he didn't know much about refining artifacts. If not for Wang Ming, Ghost Head Blade might never have known that there was this sort of difference in modern magic treasures.

What Wang Ming had to do now was to fully gain Ghost Head Blade's trust.

Because the amplification cannon wasn't the only magic treasure that he was going to design...





Chapter 753 A Strange Request


In Night Chief's general HQ, Night Ghost Spirit Emperor looked like he was in a good mood.

Although it hadn't been his original body that had directly confronted the head of state, he had at the very least been able to parry His Excellency's blow in Dark Fragrance's body, and furthermore hadn't been at a disadvantage at all.

What did that mean?

If this was later reported in the news by all the major media outlets, Night Chief's reputation would increase and they would be able to recruit new members to greatly boost their strength, thereby making up for the losses from this master plan in Huaxiu nation this time - only Night Ghost Spirit Emperor himself knew that whether or not the real remains had a level thirteen spell wasn't important.

What was important was the momentum and impact which the clash this time, as well as future ones, carried.

It was only in recent years since Night Chief was first established that they had become the target of various governments and military forces.

But a nation had dared to move rashly against Night Chief.

Why?

Because unlike other dark forces, Night Chief's foundation was too solid.

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor had endured in secret for hundreds of years as he built up Night Chief's core members, and the organization had devoted itself to developments in science and technology. Night Chief now had the capability to produce magic crystals - more than that, the magic crystals they produced on average continued to surpass those produced by various nations in terms of quality, and Night Chief was already capable of mass producing them.

This meant that those members with lower realms in Night Chief only needed one high-level magic crystal to become a threatening force.

Thus, while Night Chief's plan to invade the remains this time seemed to have ended in failure...

The truth was that what Night Ghost Spirit Emperor valued the most was the international impact it generated.

As for President Dylan who would probably give his life for this master plan, and even Edmark who had died suddenly before the start of the plan, their sacrifices didn't hurt Night Ghost Spirit Emperor at all.

Losing two generals in exchange for international influence...

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor felt that this was an extremely worthwhile exchange.

He could recruit new members to replace those that were lost.

But such influence was hard to gain.

Of course, there was an unexpected element which worried Night Ghost Spirit Emperor, and that was the "mysterious expert" hidden in the ranks.

Who on earth was this expert?

This was a riddle.

But Night Ghost Spirit Emperor had a vague answer for this person's identity.

He was practically convinced that the mysterious expert who had taken action, and the youngster who had killed President Bai, were probably the same person.

It was just that he didn't know what that young man looked like, and the only lead he had was that youngster's brother.

Saying that, Night Ghost Spirit Emperor suddenly recalled Wang Ming.

At the very beginning, Night Chief hadn't fully investigated Wang Ming's identity.

But Night Ghost Spirit Emperor was certain that this person's identity wasn't simple - because the personal information on this ID card was too fake!

The initial plan was for Ghost Head Blade to capture Wang Ming, but unfortunately, the two of them had fallen into a space rift together.

If he wanted to find out that youngster's exact identity, this brother whom he had a close relationship with would have been the best shortcut.

He touched the screen as he read the information on Wang Ming. There weren't any other photos of him, and the one that Night Ghost Spirit Emperor was looking at was that foolish-looking ID pic.

"Continue tracking follow-up information on this person. If there's anything new, inform me at once," Night Ghost Spirit Emperor narrowed his eyes and instructed one of his subordinates.

This was the third president under him: Long Ming. He was an insect specialist, dressed in a very thick protective suit with a protective mask on his face.

But after Night Ghost Spirit Emperor gave the order, Long Ming uncharacteristically didn't respond.

Something didn't seem right.

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor stood up as his eyes turned hard and he was instantly on guard.

In the next moment, Long Ming actually attacked him directly as black poisonous bees poured out of small gaps in the protective suit.

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor knew that Long Ming was probably being controlled as the latter would never attack him directly no matter how much guts he had.

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor waved his hand to cast a level five ice spell. Icy mist surged forth from his palm and the bees were instantly frozen into ice cubes which fell to the ground like snowflakes and shattered.

At the same time, Night Ghost Spirit Emperor rumbled, "Long Ming, wake up!"

This booming call had a sound wave spell mixed into it which could purify the mind and free a person from mind control.

However, the mind controlling Long Ming's mind was beyond Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's imagination.

This level six sound wave spell "Sound of Revival" actually didn't have the slightest bit of effect on Long Ming!

In this deadlock, Night Ghost Spirit Emperor saw out of the corner of his eye that except for him, all of Night Chief's command was actually under mind control!

All of them were frozen in motion.

This was the illusion that time had stopped, created by the brain when it was under mind control.

It was very clear that this Almighty had used the strength of his mind to track down the location of Night Chief's headquarters to launch this surprise attack.

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's heart was shaken.

It seemed he would need to move headquarters once again.

When he had been hit by the medicine ball previously, he had already relocated headquarters once; who would have thought another wave would be stirred up yet again.

At the same time, he had already guessed the identity of this person. "I know who Your Excellency is."

To possess this sort of unimaginably formidable mental strength, there could be no one else but that commander in Huaxiu nation, one of the prestigious Ten Generals of legend: Wisdom Sage.

President Qi didn't say anything, but manipulated this insect specialist called Long Ming into launching an even fiercer attack!

Tens of thousands of insects poured forth and actually created a disorienting formation around Night Ghost Spirit Emperor.

"A petty trick." He sighed lightly, and with just a flick of his sleeve, these spirit insects were directly devoured by flame.

In that moment when the spirit insects were wiped out, Long Ming unexpectedly charged forward to attack him.

"Insect attacks are Long Ming's forte. If you're controlling his mind, you should use what he's good at. He's the worst at close-range combat!" Night Ghost Spirit Emperor sneered outright.

The next moment, he saw Long Ming raise his arm and aim his palm directly at his face.

"Usually when Long Ming hits me with a close-range technique, it's just a tickle."

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor smirked again very broadly and didn't raise any sort of defense at all, but half-turned his face himself. "Come, hit me!"

Long Ming's body paused, and it was obvious that the person controlling his mind was startled by Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's move.

In the next moment.

"Pa"!

When Long Ming slapped his face, Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's expression changed dramatically.

Like a shell shot out of a cannon, he was sent flying out of the command post with a bang.

...

Elsewhere, in the military tent, Wang Ling withdrew his mental power.

This was the first time someone had offered their face up for him to hit.

He had never heard such a strange request before.





Chapter 754 Wang Ming's Sword Spirit


President Qi was stupefied. He remembered that he had indeed infiltrated Night Chief and put everyone under precise control with the power of his mind prior to launching the insect troops.

But most unfortunately, it felt as if he had been distracted a little just now...

President Qi felt like his mind had been stolen by someone else!!!

Generally speaking, invading someone's mind while yours was being invaded at the same time was an agonizing experience. This clash between three minds was extremely harmful to the person in the middle; it was like being pulled in two different directions by the arms, and it was difficult to look after both at the same time.

President Qi controlled Long Ming's mind while the mysterious person controlled President Qi's mind, which made him the middle person.

He had suddenly become the middle person in a struggle of minds, and logically speaking, he should be in immeasurable pain.

But the sensation of his mind being taken over was unexpectedly comfortable...

It was even a kind of pleasure he had never felt before...

When he came back to his senses, Night Ghost Spirit Emperor had already disappeared and there was a very large hole in the ceiling of Night Chief's general headquarters.

After that, President Qi withdrew his mind and took off the amplification helmet.

For a very long time, he didn't get up, but quietly pondered two things.

One: Who on earth was this mysterious person who had invaded his mind just now?

Second: Should he look for a wife himself...

He looked down at his pants.

It was a good thing that his clothes were made from a special material which dried quickly and eliminated strange smells.

How embarrassing would it be if Mengyu had seen his state just now!

At that thought, President Qi flushed before getting out of the space capsule with a sigh.

It was only at that moment that he realized that his adopted son Qi Mengyu was actually standing behind the space capsule.

Qi Mengyu: "Dad."

President Qi was startled. "You... when did you come in..."

Qi Mengyu: "I heard you cry out just now and I thought something happened, so... so I came in."

President Qi gazed at Qi Mengyu. "Use the method I taught you... erase that memory right now! Don't make me do it for you."

Qi Mengyu: "..."

...

In the Dead Sea of Space, Wang Ming's battle of wits and courage against Ghost Head Blade continued.

After drawing the blueprint, Wang Ming fashioned his belt, which he had taken off earlier, into a hook to snag magic treasure fragments floating in the sea. Since the fragments that floated past were random, Wang Ming basically had to reel in whatever he saw; only when it was on the raft did he check to see if they were the components he needed.

Several dozen minutes later, there was already no longer much space on the bamboo raft as it was taken up by magic treasure fragments large and small.

Wang Ling chose the bits he needed and then took off his white coat and used it like a cleaning rag to wipe these fragments clean of the Dead Sea spirit fluid on them. The white coat was made from a special material and wasn't an ordinary piece of clothing: it was tough and could be used to clean things.

He didn't dare directly touch the spirit fluid, otherwise it would definitely corrode his skin.

Among the ten or so magic treasure pieces he had reeled in, Wang Ming in the end only chose three of them.

He threw the rest back into the Dead Sea of Space.

Ghost Head Blade watched as Wang Ming wiped these pieces over and over before finally using a tool from the toolbox to cut out the parts he needed.

The cutting instrument that Wang Ming was using was the mini-robot "Small Crab" that had been in the toolbox. Compared with that eight-armed "Big Crab" in the military tent, it was naturally much less effective. Although Small Crab was easy to carry around, it was much slower at cutting.

"If only Big Crab was here." Wang Ming heaved a sigh.

He deliberately said this for Ghost Head Blade to hear.

Although Ghost Head Blade heard the insinuation, he showed no sign of being chastised and pressed Wang Ming instead: "You're slow, hurry up!"

Wang Ming curled his lip and then began to assemble the parts he had cut out.

After several minutes, the first component for the Amplification Cannon was complete.

"So fast?" Ghost Head Blade was flabbergasted.

"This is just one part, we need a lot of components," Wang Ming replied.

He then put this assembled component away in his storage ring and started the second round of fishing...

This second round was in the end very fruitful!

Furthermore, he even reeled in a complete magic sword in this second round. Although there were cracks in it, it was still intact! It was a dark blue spirit sword which even had a dragon head engraved on its hilt, and the overall craftsmanship was very refined!

"Such a good sword should have a sword spirit, right?" Wang Ming knew how to appraise magic treasures to some extent, and he estimated that this complete magic sword should be a holy weapon!

"There are so many broken magic treasures floating around in the Dead Sea of Space, and some of them would be more or less intact. However, once they're sucked in here, there's no way to retrieve them at all. It's likely that the connection with its master was cut, so the sword spirit self-destructed in the end," Ghost Head Blade said.

"What a pity."

Wang Ming felt some regret.

As he wiped this dark blue spirit sword clean, he was surprised to discover several rows of words on it.

Wang Ming: "What's this?"

Ghost Head Blade immediately replied without even looking, "Whether it's a sword spirit or any other type of artifact spirit, they'll leave behind on the magic artifact the reason for destroying themselves, otherwise they won't be able to reincarnate after they die. Those are probably the sword spirit's last words that you're looking at."

So that was it.

Curious, Wang Ming looked at these words and then read them aloud.

It read: This humble servant is called Kunshan and is the sword spirit of this sword. My sword master's name was Brother Long. Master was drunk while traveling on his sword in the air, and he collided with a young knight in white, which led to an altercation. During the dispute, my sword master raised this humble servant to slash the other party, but his hand trembled and this humble servant fell out of his grasp and was sucked into a space rift, just like that, before entering the Dead Sea of Space. My sword master, that unarmed and defenseless soft ancestor, was then hacked to death by the young knight in white outside... Hence, this humble servant has decided to destroy myself. If anyone finds this sword, please take photo evidence of my explanation and give it to the young knight in white as proof of "reasonable self-defense." Heavenly Dao of reincarnation, this humble servant begs that when I am reincarnated, please set me up with a reliable sword master 1 !

1(This refers to a case in Kunshan where a local gangster collided with a cyclist while driving drunk, and in trying to kill the man, was himself killed instead. The cyclist was later cleared as having acted in self-defense..) Wang Ming: "..."

Ghost Head Blade: "..."

As soon as Wang Ming finished reading aloud, he suddenly realized that the Heavenly Materials sword under his butt was glowing slightly.

A youngster dressed in an ancient style with long hair and dead fish eyes suddenly appeared like a breath of fresh air and looked at Wang Ming. "This humble servant is Kunshan. I came here at the Heavenly Dao's call to serve as this sword's spirit."

Both Wang Ming and Ghost Head Blade were stunned.

Why did a sword spirit pop up here all of a sudden?

Wang Ming suddenly recalled that it was his birthday today.

So... was this thing his birthday gift?

Surely it couldn't be that coincidental...





Chapter 755 Wang Ming's Counterattack


For a while, Wang Ming and Ghost Head Blade were blank at the unexpected arrival of this sword spirit. Logically speaking, it was impossible for an ordinary person without spirit energy like Wang Ming to spawn a sword spirit with his mundane body. But now that it had happened, even Ghost Head Blade was hard-pressed to explain why.

This was The Daily Life of the Immortal King , not A Sword Spirit's Cohabitation Diary!

Was this really because it was his birthday?

Wang Ming suddenly thought that there might be some weight to this explanation.

After all, Wang Ling had always given him his birthday gift in advance in past years.

For this summer camp, Wang Ming had deliberately made Wang Ling share a room with him actually as a hint for the latter to give him his birthday gift.

But after waiting for so long, Wang Ling hadn't given him anything.

Given the unusual situation, Wang Ming felt that Wang Ling had perhaps arranged for this sword spirit to automatically enter his Heavenly Materials sword on the day of his birthday.

Because he could clearly remember talking to Wang Ling some time ago about upgrading the Heavenly Materials sword. At that time, the summer camp had yet to start. If it was truly Wang Ling who had given him this sword spirit, he would certainly have had enough time to make such an arrangement.

At that thought, Wang Ming cupped his chin and carefully examined the long-haired young man in front of him.

Suddenly, he remembered how this dead fish-eyed sword spirit had introduced himself when it appeared. "Wait... you said your name is Kunshan?"

The young man nodded. "It was this humble servant's name in my last life. New sword master, Sir, can call me Heavenly Materials, since a sword spirit's name follow the sword's name."

"You actually remember your previous life?" Wang Ming was startled.

He glanced at the dark blue spirit sword in his hand and recalled that it seemed to have been called Kunshan... It couldn't be that coincidental, right?

"Of course I do," sighed the young man. "In my last life, because of my previous master, I unfortunately fell into the Dead Sea of Space. I was summoned anew by the Heavenly Dao to meet Sir as my new sword master, and I never thought it would also be on such a vast sea. It looks like this really is some profound fate! May I ask if Sir is on a trip?"

"No."

Wang Ming shook his head. "Look carefully, this is indeed the Dead Sea of Space."

The young man: "..."

Heavenly Materials seemed to have been struck a heavy blow and he didn't speak for a very long time. He just stared at the boundless Dead Sea of Space with some melancholy in his limpid eyes, as if his past life had only just been yesterday.

A sword spirit's memories didn't disappear. Destroying itself was the same as abandoning its original master, and as punishment from Heavenly Dao, it would undergo the Samsara Spirit Tribulation. It was only after experiencing the tribulation for over a hundred years that it could finally break away to be reborn.

But who would have thought, after all he had been through, he would find himself back here!

As expected... was this fate?

After a good long while, Heavenly Materials looked up and sighed. "Forget it, perhaps this is this humble servant's destiny."

"No need to be so pessimistic, it's not like we can't get out of here yet."

Wang Ming smiled as he chatted, but his hands didn't stop working.

Heavenly Materials was delighted. "Sword master, Sir, can we really escape? May I ask, does this humble servant need to do anything?"

As he was assembling the parts, Wang Ming looked up at Ghost Head Blade at the other end of the bamboo raft. "See that blade? Can you defeat him?"

Ghost Head Blade instantly gave out a sinister and fierce aura.

Heavenly Materials shrugged. "Seems that I can't."

Wang Ming: "Then, you just stay alive."

Heavenly Materials: "..."

But this made Wang Ming realize something interesting: those with dead fish eyes seemed to talk much less.

In the blink of an eye, half a day had passed. Using magic treasure fragments from the sea, Wang Ming had already assembled more and more parts, all of which he put away in his storage ring.

"Cut this thing for me."

Wang Ming handed Heavenly Materials an electric rice cooker magic treasure which he had reeled in.

There was a worn talisman seal stuck on its surface, and Wang Ming was guessing that this was some kind of sealing magic artifact.

With Heavenly Materials around, it was much faster to cut objects, and it also just so happened to help resolve Wang Ming's urgent situation - Heavenly Materials's appearance was of some use, after all.

Although Ghost Head Blade didn't speak, he had been observing on the side the whole time. Whenever he asked Wang Ming about his progress, the other party would always say "soon."

He was waiting for the moment when Wang Ming was done assembling the thing to make a move.

Although the electric rice cooker Wang Ming had reeled in earlier was extremely dilapidated, it was the thing he needed the most. After transforming it into a center which could be embedded with a spirit power core, he would be able to use this center to ultimately operate this machine.

What he was inventing was more than just a spirit power amplification device!

It was an assembled magic treasure similar to Head of State 001 that was human in form and could be worn!

But even after inventing this machine, Wang Ming felt that he would only be able to use it once at the very most. This was because the numerous data parameters he had come up with on the blueprint was based on his mental calculations. It wasn't that Wang Ming wasn't confident in his mental calculations, but the best was to use scientific instruments to generate precise measurements in assembling a complicated machine like this. It was only after running the calculations several hundred times that you could achieve a better result.

The only thing that Wang Ming had to ensure right now was that his invention would last long enough to get him out of this crisis!

All the materials he had collected were resistant to the corrosive spatial spirit liquid and could withstand spatial storms, so there weren't any issues!

In any case, all they needed to do was get out of this Dead Sea of Space!

...

Time passed.

It was at this moment that Ghost Head Blade finally noticed something wrong with the current situation.

He had seen the blueprint which Wang Ming had provided for the Spirit Power Amplification Cannon; Wang Ming was assembling a lot more components than there were on the blueprint! Although Ghost Head Blade didn't know what they were used for, he still knew how to count!

His maths teacher had passed away long ago, and he himself wasn't very well-educated, but he could still do his numbers!

"Brat, what trick are you playing?" The pitch-black dagger floated in the air and emitted intimidating pressure.

While Wang Ming had been assembling everything together, Ghost Head Blade hadn't been idle. He had been regulating his breathing all this time. The spirit energy was quite thin here, but it wasn't as if there wasn't any, and after a long time, he had recovered quite a bit.

"Done!"

Just as Ghost Head Blade asked the question, Wang Ming put in the final component for the "spirit power center."

"Heavenly Materials! Cover me!"

At that moment, Wang Ming stood up and stuck his ring, which had spirit energy stored in it, into the spirit power center. In the next moment, the countless components that had been inside the ring flew out as if they were alive to wrap Wang Ming tightly from head to toe!

Heavenly Materials turned pale with fright. "Sword master, Sir... This is..."

He knew that Wang Ming was just an ordinary person, but while Wang Ming had been assembling everything together just now, Heavenly Materials had realized how unique Wang Ming was — it turned out his sword master wasn't ordinary at all, and was a real genius!

"Damn, you lied to me! You weren't making the Amplification Cannon at all!" Ghost Head Blade finally realized he had been tricked. Flying into a rage, he was about to attack Wang Ming.

"No, I made it." Wang Ming smiled and shook his head.

He had indeed made the Spirit Power Amplification Cannon, but as part of both his mecha armor's arms.

"How can this be possible?! You're just an ordinary person! How can you beat a cultivator?" Ghost Head Blade snarled.

"I'm already no longer Wang Ming."

Wang Ming stared at Ghost Head Blade, his expression suddenly cold. "I'm Niuhulu Wang Ming 1 !"

1(Niuhulu, or Niohuru, was a prominent upper-class clan in the Qing Dynasty ..) This was it.

At that moment, Wang Ming raised his right arm.

An auto target lock had already appeared in front of his eye.

Everything was done in one fluid motion!

This mecha armor had a mechanism for automatically identifying killing intent, and it almost instantly locked onto Ghost Head Blade!

In that moment, Ghost Head Blade was unexpectedly frozen with fright!

He was overwhelmed by a sense of danger!





Chapter 756 Reborn With A Brand New Attitude


Ghost Head Blade had never felt such an intense and grim sense of crisis as when Wang Ming came out armed to the teeth... even in his current injured condition, Ghost Head Blade had always felt that given Wang Ming's ordinary state, the latter was a worm he could crush at any time.

Wang Ming was without doubt very smart, but in the end he was just a mundane person, and wasn't a big deal.

This was what Ghost Head Blade had thought all along, before Wang Ming had armed himself.

However, reality proved that Ghost Head Blade had been too arrogant.

In the current age of national cultivation, cultivators with a particular level of cultivation always looked down on ordinary people. Furthermore, their numbers weren't small, accounting for almost half of the population.

So, this was the lesson that Wang Ming as an "ordinary person" taught to cultivators like Ghost Head Blade who treated ordinary people with contempt.

Knowledge was power...

Knowledge could indeed change a person's destiny.

"Prepare to fire!" At Wang Ming's shout, the target scope had already accurately locked onto Ghost Head Blade.

Although Ghost Head Blade was currently just a blade and very small in size, Wang Ming had already long taken this into consideration and had modified his Spirit Power Amplification Cannon into a "Spirit Power Amplification Tracker Cannon"! No need to hold his breath! No need to use cheats! He could still automatically lock onto the other party regardless! Identify killing intent! Aimbot headshot!

But the recoil from the blast was very strong, and the instant Wang Ming fired the spirit power cannon, he was flung backward.

This clumsy magic treasure which he had assembled together had just been made from magic treasure detritus in the Dead Sea of Space, so the weight of the various parts weren't evenly distributed despite the fact that Wang Ming had already tried as much as possible to find magic treasures of similar density and had extracted their materials to complete his creation.

But after firing this cannon, he was still deeply aware of the mecha armor's defects.

Just consider it experimental data...

Wang Ming was already determined to build a second generation mecha as soon as he got out of here!

His arm also hurt from the strong recoil, but it was still under his pain threshold, and was like the ache of a pulled muscle.

As he was thrown backward by the recoil, the mecha armor's suspension system kicked in at the same time. Looking at the situation, Heavenly Materials quickly turned into a stream of light and flew behind Wang Ming to brace him as they withstood the recoil together.

A huge and intense wave of light blasted straight in Ghost Head Blade's direction.

For a moment, the spirit power in the Dead Sea of Space shook; great waves rolled and spirit fluid was instantly vaporized into clouds of steam.

Ghost Head Blade realized he couldn't avoid this blast because this cannon had a tracker - the moment it fired, it already had him dead in its sights!

Damn! Wang Ming was merely an ordinary person, but wanted to show off his strength in front of him?

"Hidden Ghost Sword Technique!"

Since he couldn't avoid it, Ghost Head Blade simply slashed at this cannonball of light.

A dazzling purple sword light lit up the sky and rushed toward this cannon fire as it tried to split it in two.

But in the end, Ghost Head Blade had still underestimated Wang Ming's cannon. He himself was already injured, and although some of his spirit energy had been restored earlier, he had been saving it for use when he seized Wang Ming's body, and this reserve of strength was far from enough.

Although the sword light moved forward, it was quickly engulfed in Wang Ming's cannonball of light...

The moment it hit Ghost Head Blade, he roared, "— No!"

This mecha armor, cut and assembled from magic treasure detritus from the Dead Sea of Space, was in the end beyond Ghost Head Blade's imagination.

Even Heavenly Materials who was behind Wang Ming was utterly amazed.

His owner was just an ordinary person, but had actually relied on this mecha armor to battle a cultivator who was almost at the Soul Formation stage...

...

"Dead?" In the distance, Wang Ming relied on the mecha armor's suspension system to remain afloat in the air.

He had once invented flying equipment for himself, so he wasn't lacking when it came to flight dexterity and balance.

Moreover, this humanoid mecha armor magic treasure which he had put together wasn't something he had suddenly come up with in the Dead Sea of Space. The design blueprint was already long imprinted in his mind.

He had already had this idea when he had been developing the human imitation magic weapon Head of State 001; it was just that he had never put it into practice.

Relying now on magic treasure detritus to assemble the mecha armor was purely a last resort, because the assembly of the real mecha armor was currently still in the materials collection stage.

Wang Ming's biggest reason for coming on the summer camp as a lead teacher this time, apart from testing Head of State 001's performance, stalking Wang Ling, monitoring Wang Ling, peeping at Wang Ling, bullying Wang Ling, teasing Wang Ling, and asking Wang Ling for his birthday gift, was to gather the main materials for assembling the mecha armor.

This was something that Huaxiu Alliance had also approved: Wang Ming could freely choose the materials from the remains which he needed, in moderation. This was a privilege Old Qi which had given him, and Wang Ming had the stamped document to prove it.

Wang Ming gazed at the billowing smoke up ahead and sighed softly.

Because this mecha armor lacked spiritual awareness as a supplementary ability, plus Wang Ming himself wasn't a cultivator, he had no way of determining whether Ghost Head Blade was dead or not.

But he was fairly certain that that blast just now had already injured Ghost Head Blade badly.

Even if Ghost Head Blade wasn't dead, he already no longer had the strength to fight. In the days to come, his body would undoubtedly start to disintegrate little by little as he soaked in the spatial spirit fluid, and then his soul would suffer the curse of the ancient artifact spirit.

The question Heavenly Materials asked him also confirmed Wang Ming's thoughts. "Sword master, Sir, want to give it another shot?"

"He doesn't have the strength to struggle anymore. Forget it." Wang Ming shook his head.

It actually wasn't like he didn't want to fire a second shot, but that blast just now had used up thirty-two percent of his spirit power...

There was only forty percent left in the "spirit power center."

He had to save this spirit power for breaking through the space wall.

Thus, Wang Ming no longer paid Ghost Head Blade any heed.

Instead, he flew up as high as he was able to. "If there is a spatial storm later, protect me as much as you can."

"Very well, sword master, Sir," Heavenly Materials responded very gently. He had been made from materials carefully selected and refined by the Master of Immortal Mansion. He was the only one of his kind in the world and so tough that he had no reason to fear a spatial storm at all.

Heavenly Materials then braced Wang Ming's back of his own accord, ready to withstand the recoil from the spirit power cannon.

"Ready..."

Wang Ming took a deep breath and mentally counted down from three.

Boom!

He raised his arm and fired a second shot at the sky high above the Dead Sea of Space!

It was a shot to bring him back to life, and a vow which Wang Ming made as an ordinary man...

After this, Wang Ming would be reborn as a brand new person!





Chapter 757 Soul-Repairing Art


On the other side, after being slapped by Wang Ling who had borrowed President Qi's mental powers to possess Insect Envoy Long Ming, Night Ghost Spirit Emperor finally woke up from his comatose state... but even if he had regained consciousness, he was in such bad condition that he couldn't even get up.

Unlike the few slaps Wang Ling had given Evil Sword God, this slap contained fifty percent of Wang Ling's strength after he took off half of his Dao talisman seal.

Of all the slaps he had given so far, this one was of very high quality.

If they were graded on a scale, the slaps that Wang Ling had given Evil Sword God were just regular ones, while the upper grade ones were: slightly serious slap, very serious slap, extremely serious slap, expert appraisal slap, and the ultimate Buddhist Palm.

And the slap just now happened to be at the "very serious slap" level.

Not only had it thrashed Night Ghost Spirit Emperor physically, even his soul had been shaken, causing him pain and torment.

At that moment, although he was already awake, he couldn't move. Every acupuncture point and every pore in his whole body felt like volcanoes erupting, resulting in searing pain.

That kind of mental strength just now...

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor was certain, it was definitely Huaxiu's Wisdom Saint; he was very familiar with this aura...

Although he hadn't fought Wisdom Saint face to face before this, Night Ghost Spirit Emperor felt that he did have some knowledge of the latter. The other side was good at using his mental powers to wrest control over long distances. In this world, Wisdom Saint was the only person who could demonstrate the power of the mind to this extent.

Mental strength was a type of power that was nurtured at a young age and was different from spirit energy... It didn't require a spiritual root, but it was extremely difficult to cultivate.

President Qi's actual combat ability wasn't very strong, because he had reached the pinnacle of mental strength...

As Night Ghost Spirit Emperor understood it, there was no one in this world who could cultivate mental strength and spirit energy at the same time.

You couldn't have your cake and eat it too; this was precise proof of this point.

So when Night Ghost Spirit Emperor was slapped, he never considered that it was Wang Ling who had done it.

As he wailed endlessly, he only felt that the power in this slap was too unfathomable.

Huaxiu Alliance...

It seemed that he couldn't underestimate this place.

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor instantly felt that he didn't know enough about the Ten Generals, and he would have to do in-depth research after this.

He had always thought that President Qi was just a mental strength expert, and never expected him to have attained such a terrifying level of cultivation.

At that moment, Night Ghost Spirit Emperor realized his blunder.

There were times when to know yourself and your enemy was the only way to triumph!

People made blunders every day in this world - it wasn't too late to realize it now, otherwise if he waited for Little Sister Milk Tea to become Little Sister Matcha Tea, it would really be too late for regrets 1 !

1(Refers to Zhang Zetian who shot to Internet fame as "Sister Milk Tea" and her husband who was accused of cheating on her ..) These were the type of thought-provoking reflections Night Ghost Spirit Emperor had as he lay on the ground and endured the pain from the slap.

Ten minutes or so later, there was still no movement on Night Chief's end...

That slap had sent him flying too far away, and now Night Ghost Spirit Emperor was lying in a desert. Who knew how long it would take those blockhead subordinates of his to find him.

So in the end, Night Ghost Spirit Emperor could only think of a way to save himself.

His injury was very serious, so he could only release True Immortal qi continuously to recover.

But that slap carried the "major damage effect." Even though he was using True Immortal qi, his recovery was crawling along as slow as a snail climbing a tree, which was a pain in the ass.

Poor Night Ghost Spirit Emperor could only slowly recover from his injuries and start by trying to move his fingers...

For now, he could only use one-hand seals to cast some recovery spells.

And so...

After another twenty minutes...

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor could finally move one finger!

This was the moment!

"Soul-Repairing Art!" Night Ghost Spirit Emperor made a hand seal with just one finger.

In a split second, a blue array with complex runes appeared on the ground with Night Ghost Spirit Emperor in its center. Hazy light curled above the array, and countless souls hovered above his head to repair his soul.

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor had translated and edited the foreign and rare volume of forbidden spells, "Dark Bible," from the "Shadow Priest's Collection," to create this Soul-Repairing Art. In theory, this was also a forbidden art that couldn't gain international recognition. The way it worked was that Night Ghost Spirit Emperor controlled the souls which he had been swallowing all this time by turning them into his slaves that would fill in the gaps in his own damaged soul.

And once these summoned souls were depleted of soul energy, they would be utterly destroyed.

From the moment Night Ghost Spirit Emperor absorbed these souls, they became his servants as well as pawns that could be abandoned at any time.

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor closed his eyes and enjoyed the cozy feeling of being restored by these souls. Although he was now lying in a desert, it felt like an outdoor spa.

A while later, more than half of Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's arms and hands had recovered, and he could already move.

Performing another hand seal, he examined his soul repository, which contained all the souls he had swallowed over the last century...

"That's right... Bai Zhe that brat..."

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor laughed sinisterly as he recalled President Bai all of a sudden.

He had swallowed President Bai's soul a while ago. He remembered that President Bai's ability to recover was very strong.

"Just nice, I'll use Bai Zhe's soul later to help me recover from my injuries." Night Ghost Spirit Emperor thought this was a great plan for later.

...

And so, after his soul was twenty to thirty percent recovered, he gave the summons. "Bai Zhe, come out..."

A white shadow slowly coalesced in front of him.

This person was precisely that President Bai who had been swallowed by Night Ghost Spirit Emperor.

It was clear that President Bai had been tormented badly in the soul repository. His hair was disheveled and his cheeks were deeply sunken in.

The soul repository was like a prison. The souls of thousands of experts were detained here, and the souls of newcomers would definitely go through the so-called "newbie hazing."

"Bai Zhe... it appears you've gotten a lot thinner?" Night Ghost Spirit Emperor chuckled.

"Speak for yourself." President Bai looked at Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's sorry condition and his voice was ice cold.

"Kneel!"

With just one command from Night Ghost Spirit Emperor, President Bai couldn't control the way his knees dropped to the ground.

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor lifted President Bai's chin with one hand with the air of one who wielded all the power. "You are now my slave... No matter how sorry my state looks, I advise that you best be careful with your words since you are a soul slave, or there'll be nothing left of you. I can throw you into the Soul-Repairing Art array as raw material whenever I want, understand?"

There was some unwillingness on President Bai's face, but he then clenched his teeth. "I... I understand... Master..."





Chapter 758 Reverse Polarity


Night Ghost Spirit Emperor lay on the ground, enjoying a massage from a soul slave in the "Soul-Repairing Array" with an extremely languid expression on his face.

President Bai was still kneeling in front of him.

"I was initially just going to put you away in the soul repository, and then digest you when I had the chance later in order to obtain your recovery ability. But my venerable self changed my mind... do you know why?" Night Ghost Spirit Emperor suddenly spoke a moment later.

President Bai pursed his lips and said nothing.

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor waited for a moment, and then could only answer his own question. "The Bai clan's Creation Art is the best in the world, as renowned as the Toya clan's Wondrous Alchemy and the Xiao clan's Art of Alchemy. When you failed to steal it from your teacher back then, you would have been put to death by your clan if my venerable self hadn't taken you in as my subordinate. Later, with my tremendous support, you inherited the Bai clan's legacy, which is the reason for your status today."

President Bai's face instantly darkened. "Your Excellency, what are you trying to say..."

"If I devour your soul and steal your magic, my venerable self will instantly receive all your memories. But I personally saved you back then, and because of that, my venerable self indeed can't bear to kill you now. While you made a grave mistake this time, my venerable self still remembers our past friendship and has decided to let you live... If I hadn't used the Ten Thousand Li Soul Chaser to keep your soul around, how long do you think you would have been able to hold on against that young man?" Night Ghost Spirit Emperor said.

President Bai was instantly lost for words.

Even his body began to tremble despite himself.

After Wang Ling had defeated him, he would experience this side effect from time to time. Whenever he recalled it... he was filled with dread.

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor chuckled before crooking one finger, and a white jade scroll appeared in the air. President Bai received it with both hands, amazed to find that he could touch the scroll directly in his soul state.

"This is the Soul Book used for communicating with the spirits."

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor said, "I want you to write down the Creation Art technique in this jade scroll, without changing a single word of the original."

President Bai finally realized what Night Ghost Spirit Emperor wanted. The expression on his face instantly froze. "This is our Bai clan's secret art..."

"My venerable self knows that is the secret art of your Bai clan, but do you have any other choice right now?"

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor chuckled darkly. "I know that you guessed I would lock up your soul after you died and then swallow you when I had the chance. So you put a curse on your soul first, isn't that right?"

President Bai said nothing.

This curse was already very deeply hidden, but he never thought that Night Ghost Spirit Emperor would still find out about it.

But originally, this curse wasn't deliberately aimed at President Bai.

Whoever damaged his soul would be cursed.

President Bai had initially thought that if he was defeated in the fight against that young man, and the latter refused to let go of his soul, he could at least place a curse on him; leaving him plagued by disasters and ongoing bad luck could be considered President Bai's revenge.

As for Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's fanciful notion, it actually did make sense.

While this curse hadn't initially been aimed at Night Ghost Spirit Emperor, it did in fact act as a guard against him.

So when President Bai had set up this curse in the beginning, he had already thought of various follow-up possibilities...

"Bai Zhe, you are indeed pretty smart, but you're still inexperienced compared with my venerable self. As long as you write down the Bai clan's Creation Art in its entirety, I will naturally let bygones be bygones. I can even reconstruct a physical body and you can keep your life."

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor raised his hand and a soul pen dropped down. His tone brooked no argument. "So, will you write it down?"

President Bai took a deep breath.

There was no way for him to refuse, and he set about doing it...

...

This Creation Art was a new technique which was developed during the golden age of the Bai clan and later revered as an ancestral secret technique.

In the clan, President Bai was originally just the son of a concubine, and so never had the chance to learn it. His mother had had a lowly status; she was just a singer who had accidentally obtained favor - even when she died, she couldn't enter the clan's memorial hall, and he could only place her memorial tablet in his bedroom.

As he wrote down the secret technique, Bai Zhe remembered the moment he had first encountered Night Ghost Spirit Emperor. At that time, Night Chief had just started out and Night Ghost Spirit Emperor had been recruiting people from all over, and had chanced upon the in-fighting in the Bai clan.

As for why Night Ghost Spirit Emperor had chosen him in the end, President Bai had been investigating the reason for it for the last century, and had finally learned the truth.

"Your Excellency, I have finished." Soon enough, Bai Zhe presented the jade scroll.

The creation of an ordinary spell was little more than a few core rules and formulas. Night Ghost Spirit Emperor had a very high opinion of himself; writing down every little detail would conversely annoy the other party. Thus, Bai Zhe just wrote down the core formulas of the spell on the scroll, which made Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's eyes light up.

All spells shared the same basic formula - the essence was made up of core rules and formulas, like the universal 4536251 chord routine in music.

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor was very satisfied with President Bai's display. "Bai Zhe, you're a smart man."

"Your Excellency flatters me." President Bai was expressionless. He knelt on the ground in the manner of a slave who listened obediently to everything his master said, like a well-behaved puppy.

This scene made Night Ghost Spirit Emperor sigh. The reason he had chosen Bai Zhe in the beginning was because of his defiant nature. Who knew that after being thrown into the soul repository, this character trait of Bai Zhe's would be worn down.

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor stared at this scene in deep disappointment.

But this was actually also good; it was at least another reason for him to keep Bai Zhe alive...

At that point, almost forty percent of Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's injured soul had recovered, and he now had enough strength. He got up from the ground and started to learn the core formulas for the Creation Spell which Bai Zhe had given to him.

A genuine True Immortal expert could learn spells at heaven-defying speeds.

This was especially true of an old veteran like Night Ghost Spirit Emperor. In just a few glances, he was able to break these formulas down and absorb them as he learned them at the speed of light.

A flood of green spirit energy turned into steam as they rose from Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's seven orifices.

"So this is the Bai clan's Creation Art?" Night Ghost Spirit Emperor was utterly pleased as his injuries healed at an astonishing rate!

But this delight didn't last long before he quickly realized that something wasn't right... While his physical injuries were healing rapidly, it seemed like his soul was falling apart...

Suddenly, everything in front of him turned black and he felt exhausted and weak.

At that moment, President Bai finally got up and smiled. "Your Excellency Spirit Emperor, is my Bai's Creation Art still useful?"

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor finally realized the cause of this abnormality.

Eyes wide, he glared at President Bai. "What did you do?"

"Back then, Your Excellency viewed the Bai clan as a huge threat and wiped out the entire clan, and left me alive to become your loyal dog... But Your Excellency, you should have investigated the history of the Bai clan carefully before you wiped out my family." Hands behind his back, President Bai had a pleased expression on his face. "I wonder if Your Excellency has heard of 'reverse polarity' before?"

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor seemed to realize something, and his expression finally turned alarmed.

This Bai Zhe...

Was shady, as expected!!!!

"It seems that Your Excellency has already guessed the secret of the Creation Art." President Bai narrowed his eyes and smiled. "Lastly, thank you for your body, Your Excellency. After this... it's mine!"





Chapter 759 Ghost Head Blade's Deathbed Struggle


On the other side, Wang Ming successfully fired his second shot, which consumed twenty-eight percent of his spirit power reserve. He now only had twelve percent of spirit power left for breaking through the space wall.

A space crack appeared, and at the same time, there was a system warning from Wang Ming's mecha armor: Up ahead, space fissure, estimated time before fissure seals up is 243 seconds... Current energy remaining: 12%...

The mecha armor had a built-in computer system, but this wasn't an AI system at all. If its design could be combined with satellite technology, it would be even more human-like and intelligent, but Wang Ming could only produce this much for now with the junk from the Dead Sea of Space.

Just like the system said, the space fissure was already open, but it wouldn't remain open for long.

Now was the best time to charge out of here.

"No, you don't!"

Wang Ming was about to set out when Ghost Head Blade's roar of anger and grief rang out from below.

There was a bright light as Ghost Head Blade prepared to use the last bit of his strength to keep Wang Ming here.

"Sword Master, Sir, go quickly, this humble servant will cover you!" Heavenly Materials pushed Wang Ming forward.

"No way, if we leave, we do it together." Wang Ming pulled Heavenly Materials along with him. He knew that Heavenly Materials's previous reincarnation was Kunshan, a pitiful sword spirit who had drifted in the silence of the Dead Sea of Space for a hundred years because of his master's carelessness, until he had become so lonely that he self-destructed. Wang Ming really couldn't bear to abandon Heavenly Materials here again.

But there was already no longer time to think about it.

However, at that very moment, another space crack appeared in the sky, and a stream of snow-white light flashed past in front of Wang Ming to ultimately strike Ghost Head Blade dead-on...

Ah!

Ghost Head Blade howled in extreme agony.

Wang Ming: "..."

Heavenly Materials: "..."

What... was that?

Someone had made a move and killed Ghost Head Blade...

And it seemed that this light wasn't a spell, but a secret weapon.

Unfortunately, this mysterious expert had acted too quickly, and the mecha armor currently just wasn't capable of capturing the location and image of this secret weapon.

Heavenly Materials had keen eyes and quick hands, and sword qi swirled up as he snatched at something in the air.

His hands were instantly smeared with a white powder.

Heavenly Materials frowned and somehow felt that this stuff was like chalk dust...

"Could it be Little Master Ling who made a move?" Heavenly Materials suddenly asked.

Wang Ming: "You know my little brother?"

Heavenly Materials smiled. "Sword Master, after this humble servant became the sword spirit of this sword, everything that happened since its forging has been turned into memories that are now stored in this humble servant's mind."

"It's unlikely it was my little brother." Wang Ming shook his head. "If it was him, he would have been even fiercer. This Ghost Head Blade wouldn't even have time to cry out before instantly dying on the spot."

Heavenly Materials: "..."

Wang Ming cocked an eyebrow. Whoever the mystery person was, he didn't have time to care now.

The most important thing now was to get out of here.

Thinking this, Wang Ming lifted his eyes, and side by side with Heavenly Materials, he operated the mecha armor and entered the space fissure...

...

Meanwhile, in the real remains, almost all the activated cells that had fled earlier had been wiped out. Fortunately, given Wu Zhenjun's timely directives, the interior of the remains didn't suffer too much damage.

Having said that, Night Chief's impact was incalculable. What they really needed to take precautions against was the sensationalized news that would follow abroad. All the other countries had always had their eye on Beast King's Remains Devil Valley, this precious land with good fengshui. With this mishap, Mixiu nation would definitely seize the opportunity to make an international call for a combined force to jointly manage it.

In the eastern jungle of Beast King's Remains, Zhuo Yi's special ops team had cleaned up nearly half of the activated cells.

This was because they had Wuji, who was like a living human flesh radar; it was too easy for her to sense the summoned cells that had fled.

"Wu Zhenjun, I'm already done here. These activated cells have already been killed on site. It's just that with the bodies, how do you think we should handle them?"

In the Rainbow Glass Box, Wu Zhenjun quickly replied, "Thank you for your hard work, Director Zhuo. We don't have to specially dispose of these cell bodies. They have a lot of organic material in them which can be used as fertilizer."

"I see." Zhuo Yi nodded.

"Mm." Wu Zhenjun nodded. "And another thing, we've just detected strange space fluctuations in the western region. Currently, we're not sure whether it's related to Lao Gudong Xiaoer's disappearance. Would Director Zhuo be able to lead your team to go and investigate? The teachers who were sent out earlier have received the order from the higher-ups that they have to reconvene for a meeting... If Director Zhuo is unable to go, I can only send someone tomorrow."

Zhuo Yi hurriedly answered, "Wu Zhenjun, what are you talking about? Since we're the special ops team, we naturally should take action. Saving a person is the same as putting out a fire!"

Wu Zhenjun was exultant. "Then, many thanks, Director Zhuo!"

After the call ended, Zhuo Yi looked at the people next to him. "Wu Zhenjun said that space fluctuations have been detected in the western region of the remains, and he suspects it might be related to Sir Wang Ming."

"The fluctuations appeared not long ago; I felt them as well." Wuji frowned. When she sensed unusual fluctuations, the bandages on her face would tighten, and when the space was normal, the bandages would look lax.

Wuji herself wasn't aware of this fact, but Luo Chuang had noticed it early on, and had told Zhuo Yi about it. As a craftsman of some repute, Luo Chuang was very accurate when it came to surveying magic artifacts.

Only Wuji herself hadn't yet realized how her bandages changed accordingly...

It looked like the space fluctuations were real.

According to what Wuji had said earlier, Wang Ming might have been sucked into the Dead Sea of Space. As long as there wasn't any danger, the Dead Sea of Space would treat him as foreign matter and definitely spit him back out.

Therefore, the unusual space fluctuations might really be from the space spitting Wang Ming out!

"Let's go take a look."

Zhuo Yi didn't hesitate at all.

The only people who could freely move around in the remains now was their specially approved special ops team.

Besides, they now had a justifiable reason to search the western region of the remains, which was to investigate if the space fluctuations were related to Wang Ming.

Apart from that, they had now finally come to the real objective of their trip.

Because according to Xiao Yin, Devil King's tomb was in the western region of the remains. If they found this tomb, they might also discover the real reason behind Devil King being eaten in his sleep...

All these years, there had always been rumors in the outside world that Devil King wasn't truly dead.

Whether this was rumor or truth, they would only find out everything after their investigation.

...

In the Rainbow Glass Box, because of the chaos of the evening, there was no choice but to suspend the summer camp.

It was dinnertime and students from the various schools were discussing the incident. Even Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng, who had been painstakingly looking for Wang Ling earlier, had forgotten to do so for the time being.

In the canteen, Wang Ling sat at a table with Su Xiao, Chen Chao and Guo Hao.

"Have you heard? When the Sea And Sky Array was activated, some people saw a mysterious person appear and scare off the creatures summoned by the array."

"More nonsense! Where does all this metaphysical stuff come from? You don't know, but I heard that Senior Zhuo Yi is here too, this time as a special ops team member. That mystery person might have been him." Guo Hao shrugged.

Wang Ling's eyebrow twitched. This was obviously information from yet another uncle.

"Isn't there a saying: there is no peace in this world, only people who shoulder that heavy burden and clear the way forward for us?"

Across from them, Chen Chao also added, "Heh, a mystery person taking action... I'd sooner believe in Wang Ling up a tree!"

Wang Ling: "???"





Chapter 760 Replica Tongue


Wearing a complete set of human-shaped mecha armor, Wang Ming broke through the space wall and finally escaped the Dead Sea of Space as he was spat out by a space fissure which suddenly opened.

He surveyed the surrounding terrain. It was a completely unfamiliar environment, but the one thing he was sure of was that he was still inside the remains since he had done his homework before coming here. There was a lake nearby, and odd spirit plants grew all around - there was no mistaking it, these were all extinct resources.

"It seems that we are still inside the remains, and in the western region. We should contact someone as soon as possible." Wang Ming got up from the ground and put away his human-shaped mecha armor.

After passing through the storm, it only had three percent left of its spirit power.

It had also sustained damage to the extent that it could only be used one more time at the most before it was completely scrapped.

But even if that was the case, Wang Ming had no plans to throw it away. He wanted to display it as part of his collection.

After all, this was his first mecha, which had saved his life in a critical moment!

"We have to find a way to get out of here." Wang Ming observed his surroundings. He wasn't sure how much time had passed in the outside world since he was sucked into the Dead Sea of Space... He knew that time flowed at different rates in different spaces, but he had never researched the exact difference.

Everyone couldn't be gone, could they...

Wang Ming didn't think he could be that unlucky.

The main thing was that he didn't believe Wang Ling would abandon him. Their bond of brotherhood had survived the socialism of cultivation; they definitely weren't brothers just for show!

His own silly otouto had chosen to give him a sword spirit for his birthday this time, so Wang Ling perhaps had had a foreboding early on that this disaster would befall Wang Ming, yet Wang Ling hadn't taken action. Thus, Wang Ming felt that there probably was some sort of restriction on Wang Ling.

Wang Ming clearly remembered Wang Ling telling him before about the Heavenly Dao's checks and balances.

If he meddled too much in the fate of others, it would often end badly.

"Sword Master, Sir, should this humble servant bring someone over?" Heavenly Materials asked with a very serious expression as he stood erect on the side.

"Don't bother... My mecha armor is almost useless, and doesn't have enough spirit power now. What will I do if you leave?" Wang Ming sighed.

After that, he sat down on the ground and stared at the lake. "Let's just wait, I believe someone will come looking for me."

As soon as he said this, Heavenly Materials sensed a strange fluctuation in the sky. "Sword Master, Sir, it seems that something is about to come out..."

Then, a crack opened.

Thump thump thump...

Several figures fell from the sky and hit the surface of the lake directly, splashing water on Wang Ming's face.

Wang Ming: "..."

...

Zhuo Yi and the others swam ashore, eyes narrowed as they glared at Wuji with slightly resentful expressions.

Wuji was the only one who hadn't gotten wet because she was able to teleport over short distances, so she had already moved just before she fell into the lake.

When Zhuo Yi reached the bank, Wuji had a "not good" face on her face. "Oh! I'm really sorry! This is the location of the space, I didn't think we would teleport to a lake! It was an operation error! Don't burn me with the Flame of Purification!"

Zhuo Yi, Luo Chuang, and Xiao Yin: "..."

Wuji had deliberately mentioned the Flame of Purification, so Zhuo Yi instantly knew that this was the girl's blatant revenge!

He had threatened Wuji with the Flame of Purification before so that she would be obedient.

Who knew this chick could be such a vindictive person...

But Zhuo Yi felt that she was only like this with outsiders; if his shifu were here, she would definitely be the most sincere.

This revenge act didn't affect them much overall. They were dressed in Daoist robes that had a self-cleaning ability. When the robes got wet, they would dry themselves out in just a few seconds.

So Zhuo Yi ignored his wet clothes and stepped forward to excitedly take Wang Ming's hands. "I knew Mr Ming was still alive!"

Wang Ming's face was full of pride at the praise. "It was just a basic operation! But I have to thank Heavenly Materials for covering me, otherwise, I might not have been able to get rid of that Ghost Head Blade."

Zhuo Yi looked at Heavenly Materials standing next to Wang Ming. He had already noticed earlier on that this was a sword spirit.

"It looks like this was the birthday gift shifu said he would be giving you!" Zhuo Yi looked Heavenly Materials up and down, and felt that the dead fish eyes were really too prominent, as if it was a trademark that his shifu had directly handed down.

As expected of a birthday gift from shifu ...

It was because of this prominent characteristic that Zhuo Yi could tell at first glance that this sword spirit was a gift from shifu !

Wang Ming still hadn't been sure earlier if Heavenly Materials had been a gift from Wang Ling. Now that he had gotten personal confirmation from Zhuo Yi, his face was instantly full of joy.

Although his otouto was a little foolish, looking after him hadn't been in vain, as expected!

They shared information, and Wang Ming gave them a rough account of his experience in the Dead Sea of Space.

Zhuo Yi frowned when he heard that some mystery person had acted to thwart Ghost Head Blade before Wang Ming finally left the Dead Sea of Space.

"Mr Ming is saying that someone used a secret weapon to stop Ghost Head Blade?"

Zhuo Yi stroked his chin. He would have to remember to report this when he had the chance.

In order for him to "carry the wok" more easily, Wang Ling would tell him everything he had done... so Zhuo Yi was certain that the person who had used a hidden weapon absolutely wasn't his own shifu .

But who it was remained to be investigated...

Sure enough, there were hidden dragons and crouching tigers among the teachers this time; it looked like there were many hidden experts present.

"What does Lao Gudong Xiaoer plan to do next?"

This was Luo Chuang's first time meeting Wang Ming. Although he had heard the name before, he was only truly understanding who he was now.

Especially after learning of this young man's real identity as Ling Zhenren's older brother, Luo Chuang held Wang Ming in even higher esteem.

"The outside world thinks I'm already dead, so it just so happens that I'm free now. I'll join you in the search for Devil King's tomb." Wang Ming shrugged, then looked at Luo Chuang. "Are you a craftsman?"

"My name is Luo Chuang." Luo Chuang nodded and introduced himself.

"Oh, it's you." Wang Ming instantly recalled something.

He remembered that Grandfather Wang's kitchen knives and the tricycle Sheep were serviced at Luo Chuang's shop, and during the destruction of Immortal Mansion's general headquarters in Winter city, he recalled that a craftsman with the surname Luo had taken part in the operation.

"You should have some materials on you, right?" Wang Ming asked.

"Yes, Lao Gudong Xiaoer."

Luo Chuang nodded and directly summoned Rolling Wheels. "Lao Gudong Xiaoer, let me introduce you to my vehicle: Rolling Wheels. Rolling Wheels's toolbox contains all the materials you'll need for crafting artifacts, and it also has a mechanical arm modeled on Lord Jingke's!"

"..."

He was a good craftsman, but regrettably, he was a pervert...

Wang Ming: "Do you have an instrument for identifying materials?"

Luo Chuang nodded. "Yes! The mechanical arm has a replica tongue modeled after Lord Jingke's. The tongue only needs to lick any type of material, and the robot arm will be able to analyze its composition! Let me demonstrate!"

With that, Luo Chuang stuck his hand into his underpants.

Wang Ming was alarmed. "What the hell?! What are you doing?"

Zhuo Yi, Xiao Yin and Wuji: "..."

Luo Chuang rummaged around inside his underpants, then took out a small hammer. "Lao Gudong Xiaoer, don't get me wrong. I'm just used to hiding things in my underpants' storage space..."

Wang Ming: "..."

Then, Luo Chuang turned on the switch for the replica tongue.

He held the hammer up to the tongue and ordered with a perverted grin, "Lick!"

Everyone: "..."





Chapter 761 Out and Proud Wang Ming


Wang Ming had long known that Luo Chuang was a craftsman of some repute, but this also confirmed the rumor that the outstanding elites in some fields more or less had some unknown peculiarities...

It seemed that this Luo Chuang wasn't just a sword spirit-con, he was also a Jingke fanboy!

At this rate, he was going to become a sasaeng fan!

Wang Ming patted Luo Chuang on the shoulder and said in a very earnest tone, "That... Brother Luo, don't you think you might be a little perverted?"

Luo Chuang scratched his head and his large belly wobbled as a very strange expression came over his face. "What's wrong with a man being a little perverted?"

Wang Ming, Zhuo Yi, Xiao Yin and Wuji: "..." This guy was hopeless!

Wang Ming waved his hands and didn't argue with Luo Chuang any longer.

As a person of noble character, he had to do the right thing. Wang Ming decided to use his "noble" conduct to influence Luo Chuang and bring him back from the perverted path to the right one to prevent him from sinking any lower. Otherwise, if he reached that point, there really would be no way to save him.

Wang Ming couldn't let that happen.

He sighed in his heart before saying to Luo Chuang, "Come and help me. I have the blueprint for the mecha armor; if we work together, it should be a lot faster."

"How long will it take?" Xiao Yin asked.

"Ten or twenty minutes," Wang Ming said.

Luo Chuang had a complete set of materials on hand, and could act as his assistant. The most important thing was that this first mecha armor hadn't yet reached the point of being written off.

After getting out of the remains, Wang Ming was definitely going to use the equipment in the research institute to develop a second generation mecha armor.

Currently, however, without the relevant computer equipment, he could only do some basic repairs on this first mecha armor. Moreover, after the earlier fight with Ghost Head Blade, Wang Ming felt it was necessary to modify the spirit power cannons on his arms after testing them.

Especially the recoil.

He wanted to avoid being flung backward each time after firing the cannon.

...

Beside the quiet, little lake, Zhuo Yi and the others waited as Wang Ming and Luo Chuang worked together to repair the first mecha armor.

So far, Zhuo Yi had only told Wang Ling and no one else about finding Wang Ming. This was because looking at the time, they should only reach the site of the unusual space fluctuations after a very long while.

But because they had used Wuji's space transference ability, they'd arrived at the coordinates in an instant.

If they reported back right now, it would be difficult to avoid suspicion.

So Zhuo Yi thought it would be better to wait for some time before saying anything.

Roughly ten minutes later, Wang Ming took off his goggles and stood up from a crouch. "The repairs are done!"

Curious, Zhuo Yi and Xiao Yin came close for a look, and saw the ground littered with components from this first mecha armor. Wang Ming was holding a palm-sized disk in his hand which glowed faintly - this was precisely the core center that had been embedded with spirit power from the storage ring.

Wang Ming had already connected this core center earlier to Rolling Wheels to recharge its spirit power. Rolling Wheels had a built-in solar energy system; as long as there was light, spirit power could be restored little by little.

So Wang Ming hadn't exercised restraint at all when he extracted spirit power from Rolling Wheels.

"Watch this."

He grinned, and when he locked the core center in place on his chest, the scattered parts on the ground flew up one by one, as if they were alive, and swiftly wrapped themselves around Wang Ming.

"As expected of Lao Gudong Xiaoer... This is the first time I've seen this type of smart assembly mecha armor," Luo Chuang marveled.

Wang Ming: "A mere trifle."

Luo Chuang: "Does this mecha armor have a name?"

Wang Ming: "Yes: The First Mecha • Wang Ling One!"

Zhuo Yi was startled. "Wang... Wang Ling One?"

"Yes." Wang Ming nodded. "I was newly inspired by Brother Luo's mechanical arm, and I reinforced Wang Ling One's arms so that when I fire the spirit power cannons, my own arms won't hurt from the blast. In addition, I also added a recoil adjustment system and dead fish eye lasers. My eyes can now fire spirit power lasers!"

"..."

"Of course, these aren't what I'm most proud of! My favorite is still... Wang Ling One's tongue!"

After saying this, Wang Ming directly controlled the mecha armor to stick out its tongue. "This was also inspired by Brother Luo. But it's different from Brother Luo's tongue, which identifies materials. Using his tongue as a foundation, I added a new function! Speaking of, when I stuck out the tongue just now, did you feel the urge to hit me?"

"Yes!" Zhuo Yi nodded with sweaty cheeks.

He indeed felt that way and almost hadn't been able to resist the urge to punch Wang Ming!

After Wang Ling One stuck out its tongue, it seemed to be especially asking to be beaten up!

Wang Ming: "This is 'taunt,' a visual capture mechanism that I added to the tongue. The sight of it sends a taunting signal to the brain... Think of it as a 'mass taunt1.'"

1(A literal translation of a gaming term for taunting multiple monsters to make them all attack at the same time ..) Everyone: "..."

Luo Chuang was hugely astonished by Wang Ming's invention, and directly asked Wang Ming the question which the latter had asked him earlier, "Lao Gudong Xiaoer, don't you think you might be a little perverted?"

"Maybe."

Wang Ming nodded. "But I'm obviously different from you!"

Luo Chuang: "???"

Wang Ming: "You're a closeted pervert, but I'm out and proud! Do you dare call your mechanical arm Jingke One?"

Luo Chuang sucked in a cold breath of air. "..."

Zhuo Yi, Xiao Yin and Wuji: "..."

...

In the thick woods of the eastern region of Beast King's Remains, a plump figure appeared.

A short while later, a dark shadow dropped down behind it.

"Senior brother," the shadow said.

"Everything is settled?"

"The children who fainted from fright in the chaos have been rescued. I don't think I exposed myself."

"Mm, that's good." Lao Gudong nodded.

Then he turned around and looked at Daoist Taotie. "I personally got rid of that Ghost Head Blade for our sect, and wasted one of my space chalks... He was supposed to be our third junior brother, but it's a pity that he went astray in the end. Killing ten thousand people was nothing more than the sect's test of our wisdom. I guess he didn't have the complete book of secrets, and it's missing the second half."

"I'll check Ghost Head Blade's residence myself later and retrieve the book before it falls into someone else's hands..." Daoist Taotie also felt a lot of regret over this incident.

"By the by, what does senior brother think about that mysterious senior?"

"He has to be among the teachers; I'm still searching." Lao Gudong frowned. "But given that senior's strength, I'm afraid he won't reveal himself so easily. We need a master to show us how to relieve ourselves of the side effects of cultivating from our sect's book of secrets. We've been searching high and low for shizun to no avail. For now, this senior is our best hope..."





Chapter 762 Exploring Beast King's Tomb


With Wang Ming's mecha armor repaired, the group was finally ready to set off for Beast King's tomb. Because the western region hadn't been fully explored, Beast King's tomb had yet to be discovered. Furthermore, according to Xiao Yin, even if the western region was completely explored, Beast King's tomb might not necessarily be found.

In order to prevent his tomb from being excavated after death, Devil King had taken great care when designing the tomb so that its entrance would be very difficult to find.

Xiao Yin sat cross-legged on the ground and absorbed the rare tranquility of this world in Devil Valley. His long, beautiful silver hair swayed gently in the wind, sparkling as if with starlight and cascading over his shoulders like a river of stars.

And when matched with his extremely fair face...

Xiao Yin was usually very lively, but in that moment he was in a rare state of peace. Zhuo Yi felt that Xiao Yin was like a quiet fairy.

Ahh!!! Wrong! Xiao Yin was a guy!

Zhuo Yi shook his head and struggled to dig himself out of his deep fantasy.

He felt that it was no surprise at all that Mother Wang thought that Xiao Yin was a girl!

The silver unicorn was originally a noble clan among holy beasts, and possessed a very unique temperament. They symbolized extreme Yin energy, so even the male silver unicorns had a feminine beauty in their human forms... Thus, this wasn't Xiao Yin's fault.

Instead, Zhuo Yi was suddenly curious as to how beautiful female silver unicorns could be...

Presumably, they wouldn't lose out to noble ladies of the capital in temperament.

...

After a few minutes or so, Xiao Yin opened his eyes and exhaled slightly. "I found it!"

"So quick - are you sure?" Wuji asked.

"His Majesty Beast King racked his brains over the design of his tomb, because there was a well-known gang of tomb robbers back then, led by two individuals with the surnames Zhang and Wu1. As long as they had shovels, they could dig out eighteen generations of your ancestors. Thus, Beast King's tomb was specially concealed. It's very hard for human cultivators to find, but not for holy beasts!"

1(From the extremely popular Chinese novel series Daomu Biji, or "Grave Robbers' Chronicles .. ") "Not for holy beasts? What do you mean?" Wang Ming said.

"Beast King's tomb is made from a blend of materials. After becoming weathered with time, these materials will give off a unique scent that only holy beasts can smell. His Majesty Beast King wanted to make it convenient for later generations of holy beasts to pay their respects to him after his burial. But even he probably would never have thought that except for me, all the other holy beasts would be turned into stew..." At this point, Xiao Yin instantly looked a little depressed.

Once again, he couldn't help recalling Dog Saint and the spicy hot pot...

After all, that had been a really shocking scene!

Moreover, Xiao Yin to this day still couldn't forget the smell of the spicy hot pot!

...

Based on the coordinates provided by Xiao Yin, Wuji teleported everyone to the entrance of Beast King's tomb in a flash.

This was a forest of Qin trees!

Qin wood, also known as Imperial wood or the Imperial tree, was the first spirit plant to modify its growth pattern after the world entered the Spirit Energy era. It could absorb the spirit energy of heaven and earth, had a strong purifying ability, and possessed tenacious vitality. The more polluted the land was, the more the Qin wood's purifying power came into being, as all polluted things were turned into the spirit qi of heaven and earth before being spat back out.

But because of the ignorance of human cultivators a thousand years ago, there were currently less than ten Qin trees left in the world...

Scientists were now hard at work researching the reproduction and artificial cultivation of Qin trees, but until now, they had yet to understand how the Qin tree reproduced.

This was an important issue.

Because the outcome could be the solution to the depletion of the world's spirit qi several thousand years into the future.

Wang Ming was naturally also involved in this research, so he was very familiar with the Qin tree.

Thus, when he saw this forest of Qin trees, he was especially stunned.

There were less than ten left in the outside world, but there was actually a forest of Imperial trees inside Beast King's Remains!

As expected, Devil King had a mine at home!

"There were three godly trees in the past: the Imperial tree, the Amitayus tree, and the Holy Sky tree... now, only the Qin tree remains." Luo Chuang sighed with sorrow.

Wang Ming tsked. "This Imperial tree is now a specially protected spirit plant. It's illegal to even pick its leaves... but there are actually so many of them here."

He could now better understand the reason why nations fought for the right to manage Devil Valley, the secret land...

It was indeed a mine of treasures.

This forest of Qin trees alone was already worth no less than billions of immortal gold... Even Wang Ming felt that its value couldn't be measured with money.

Each of these specially protected spirit plants was priceless.

Following Xiao Yin, they came to a Qin tree with a base so wide that it would take more than twenty to thirty people to join hands around its trunk. This Qin tree was clearly very old and well-protected.

"This is the king of the trees in this forest." Xiao Yin explained, "When the Qin trees in an area reach a certain number, a tree king will appear. The tree king is supplied with nutrients from the other Qin trees in the forest, as they are all part of the same root system."

"How do you know so much about Qin trees?" Wang Ming was curious.

Xiao Yin cocked his head. "Because our Silver Unicorn clan grew up eating the leaves of the Qin tree."

Bloody hell...

Wang Ming was stupefied.

Everyone: "..."

Wang Ming carefully scanned the gigantic Qin tree with his mecha armor, but couldn't find an entrance.

Everyone followed Xiao Yin around the tree king until he finally stopped. He then dug out a piece of bark from the Qin tree and pointed to a minute crack. "This is the entrance to the tomb!"

He then directly cut himself and dropped a bead of holy beast blood into the crack.

Instantly, a ball of light sprung forth from the crack. As it gradually grew bigger, there was the whistling sound of wind and thunder.

A powerful force pulled everyone toward the crack.

Xiao Yin: "Guys, don't be nervous! This is normal. Even though it feels like being sucked into a spatial storm, it's completely different! The transmission array has been activated!"

This nimbus of light that had surged out of the crack lasted for several dozen seconds.

Wang Ming then saw everyone, including himself, broken down into particles of light by the nimbus as they were sucked into the crack...

...

Holy beast blood was the secret verification code required to enter the tomb, but just when the passage was about to close...

A figure appeared at the scene. It was an old man, who looked a little flustered.

He had been about to stop them, but it was already too late, and he could only look on helplessly as these people entered Beast King's tomb.

"Someone's gone in..." The old man sighed and used a message talisman to speak to a mystery person on the other end.

"Let it be, whatever should happen will happen. Just let them in. In any case, there's nothing of value inside this tomb..." A languid voice sounded from the other end of the message talisman.





Chapter 763 I Can Only Do a Fireball


After Xiao Yin's holy beast blood successfully passed the verification at the entrance, everyone was sucked into the interior of Beast King's tomb.

The one thing for certain was that this was by no means a technique for expanding space in a crack or a small world. This crack in the Imperial tree was only one of the entrances to Beast King's tomb.

As for the exact location of Beast King's tomb, this was still a mystery...

While they shuttled through space, Wang Ming began to suspect that the precise location of Beast King's tomb might not even be in Devil Valley at all.

Perhaps the whole of Devil Valley was a cover that Devil King had set up.

Wang Ming and the others fell down a space passage and landed on the floor of the tomb like a string of beans.

"It hurts!" Luo Chuang rose from the ground, rubbing his head.

He had fallen headfirst earlier, and directly made a hole in the ground.

Wang Ming felt a little cold when he saw this. It was a good thing he was wearing mecha armor, otherwise if he had fallen like that, his body would have likely been smashed to pieces... The "Wang Ling One" suit he was now wearing had powerful anti-gravity and shock absorption capabilities. Although he had also fallen down just now, he didn't feel much pain.

It could only be said, as expected of himself?

Even when his silly otouto wasn't around, he could still rely on his deft hands to make it look like his otouto was with him!

Thinking this, Wang Ming suddenly flushed, and unexpectedly felt a little excited!

"Lao Gudong Xiaoer, your mecha armor can also change color?" Luo Chuang watched in amazement as the mecha turned a fiery red.

"..."

Shit!

Wang Ming forgot that he had added a new anthropomorphic design feature to Wang Ling One, where the armor would change color according to the wearer's mood.

After Wang Ming did his best to regain his composure, the mecha armor's color returned to its original silver gray.

Wang Ming suddenly felt that this design seemed a little redundant.

It was too stupid to reveal his own emotions...

What if people found out he was a pervert?

Fix it!

At that moment, Wang Ming made up his mind.

...

They surveyed their surroundings. Roughly ten meters in front of them was the edge of a cliff, under which was a bottomless abyss.

The mouth of the abyss was exceedingly wide and long as it stretched out to both sides with no end in sight.

"A great world?"

Zhuo Yi crouched at the mouth of the abyss and looked down.

He sensed the aura of a great world. A lot more was required to set up a great world compared with a small world. A small world could be stored in a magic treasure through technological means, but a great world couldn't.

The space of a great world was equal to that of a thousand small worlds.

Because the space was too vast, there was no way for an ordinary magic treasure to contain it, unless it was a first-rate spatial magic treasure.

"Mm, it indeed is a great world. Even I am only capable of swallowing two great worlds," Wuji said.

As the king of beasts, it wasn't surprising that Devil King could create a great world. But Wuji could swallow two great worlds... That was incredibly terrifying.

It could only be said, as expected of a first-rate spatial magic treasure made from forty-nine holy beast skins...

"Can you analyze this great world?" Zhuo Yi asked.

"Of course." It was just a great world, and was still within Wuji's scope of perception.

Wuji closed her eyes and meditated for a moment. A while later, black light that looked like ink blossomed in her palm like a lotus and rose into the air. The ink in the air flowed and blended together to finally create a grand sight of the great world.

This scene which stunned everyone who saw it was also followed by Wuji's analysis of this "tomb map."

"The transparent part of the map is the abyss of this great world." When Wuji spoke, her words were astonishing.

Their mouths dropped open one by one.

It turned out that the abyss in front of their eyes was actually an array...

When Devil King created this great world, he split the earth and set up an array by means of an abyss.

Up close, it didn't look like anything out of the ordinary, but Wuji's analysis now revealed a stunning planimetric map of an array constructed using the abyss.

This was an absolutely exquisite array, so exquisite that everyone here, including Xiao Yin, had been fooled.

If it wasn't for Wuji's analysis, they might have never noticed this gateway.

"Devil King used this abyss to construct an array; for what purpose?" Zhuo Yi's eyes closed slightly as he stared into the abyss before him and pondered.

His realm was a little low, so he couldn't sense the marvelous fluctuations of this abyss array. In contrast, Luo Chuang, Xiao Yin and Wuji next to him all looked like they had seen something utterly mind-blowing.

"I see!"

Wang Ming suddenly jerked and opened his eyes wide. "Could this be, the legendary... Nationwide Transmutation Array 1 ?!"

1(Adapted from "Fullmetal Alchemist," and is an array designed to consume the lives of the citizens in a whole country ..) Xiao Yin: "..."

Zhuo Yi: "..."

Luo Chuang: "..."

Wuji: "..."

Wang Ming: "Think about it! The holy beasts were suddenly wiped out, and as the king of beasts, Devil King would naturally be unwilling to accept such an ending. Therefore, he deliberately faked his death and set up this array inside his tomb for the day when all the holy beasts can be brought back to life at the expense of an entire country!"

"Really?" Xiao Yin was dazed at Wang Ming's words.

"Maybe, but we don't have proof! Currently, we still can't confirm if Devil King is still alive. But I don't think the king of beasts would die so easily." Wang Ming sighed very regretfully.

At that moment, everyone suddenly heard the voice of an old man behind them.

"All of you, breaking into the tomb... you're looking for death."

This was the old man who had appeared outside the Imperial tree tomb entrance after everyone had entered the space tunnel.

The old man wasn't tall and stood at less than one and a half meters. He wore a thick golden-brown robe covered with strange mushrooms, and his head was covered in the golden-red diamond-shaped leaves that were unique to the Imperial tree.

He was a small man, but he gave off a very frightening aura. He spoke lightly, but exuded an air of great dignity.

"A tree goblin of the Imperial tree?" Xiao Yin already recognized the old man.

This was a tree goblin of the Imperial tree, but he didn't belong to the demon race. Demons used demon qi, but the tree goblin in front of them used genuine spirit energy, so he should be considered a special type of spirit beast.

"You are?" Wang Ming asked, staring at the old man.

"I'm the guardian of the tomb," the old man answered. "You've entered a forbidden area. Except for holy beasts, no one leaves this place alive."

"Is there no room for discussion?" Zhuo Yi asked. "We didn't mean to offend anyone..."

The old man narrowed his eyes and said firmly, "No!"

"Very well... then we can only fight." With that, Zhuo Yi took out a ring, and a white flame emerged from it.

Flame... Flame of Purification?

How could a Golden Core cultivator wield such an amazing thing?

The old man was instantly drenched in sweat and he withdrew his spiritual pressure.

Zhuo Yi held the Flame of Purification aloft. "Come! Let's fight! I can't do anything except a fireball!"

Wang Ming, Luo Chuang, Xiao Yin and Wuji: "..."

"... Young hero, take it easy. Put the flame away first... Hm... Actually, I'm not the guardian of the tomb, I'm a guide!" At that moment, the old man's eyes turned incomparably sincere.





Chapter 764 One Of Number 60 High's Great Weapons


Zhuo Yi felt it had to be said that the old man's desire to live was very strong.

Far stronger compared with Wuji...

He was just a tree goblin, after all; of course he would be afraid of fire. Although Zhuo Yi didn't know exactly what the Flame of Purification was, he knew that since it was something from shifu , it definitely wasn't ordinary!

At that very moment, the old man's eyes were still fixed on the small white flame, tense and nervous.

The old man couldn't understand how such a godly thing could have fallen into the hands of a mere Golden Core cultivator.

This was the Flame of Purification!

This was extreme, legend-rank Yin fire. During a lunar eclipse, when the sun and the moon overlapped, the Flame of Purification would encircle the moon's rim. This was godly fire born of heaven and earth, and the conditions for collecting it were extremely harsh. Because it was extremely difficult to collect, the only person to currently have a large reserve of the Flame of Purification was the Itinerant Immortal who had first discovered it.

Daoist Name: Emperor Yanyue.

This was a True Immortal Almighty, but he didn't have a fixed residence and instead roamed all over the place.

However, as far as the old man knew, another theory had actually emerged over the years which said that Emperor Yanyue had taken in a disciple and had passed down the Flame of Purification he had collected all those years ago to his own disciple.

If this was true...

Then everything would make sense.

Thinking this, the older man suddenly looked up at Zhuo Yi.

Was it possible that this person was Emperor Yanyue's disciple?

"My name is Qin Lang. I was impolite earlier..." The old man saluted them with clasped fists.

Although he had been hiding in the forest all these years guarding the tomb for Beast King, he had always followed matters in the outside world closely. The Imperial tree's root stalks were so long that they could pierce the sky of the outside world, and the way that Qin Lang obtained information was by communicating with the small tree goblins in the outside world, who were responsible for acquiring information and bringing it back to him.

He had thus known early on that Huaxiu Alliance was arranging for people to explore Beast King's Remains, so he had been especially vigilant and had concealed this forest of Imperial trees in the western region. Yet, it had still been discovered.

That was when he had been amazed to discover Xiao Yin's existence...

He was dumbfounded.

He had never, ever expected a holy beast to have survived the holy beast calamity back then.

...

Although Huaxiu Alliance currently still hadn't given up on finding Wang Ming, the summer camp had to carry on as usual. Because Wang Ming wasn't around, Lao Gudong replaced him as lead teacher for Wang Ling's group.

Furthermore, because Zhai Yin was still immersed in grief at Wang Ming's disappearance, her group was also handed over to Lao Gudong.

Including his own group, Lao Gudong was now looking after three groups on his own...

It was already twelve hours since Wang Ming disappeared, and it was now past seven o'clock in the morning.

There were classrooms in the Rainbow Glass Box especially reserved for the lead teachers' use. Lao Gudong was sorting out the schedule for today.

Official activities started at eight thirty in the morning, and the first one was an observation and learning class on spirit plants that was one and a half hours long. The specific content of this lesson was different from that of yesterday's tour of the base station, and was an advanced program. This was mainly because over the last few years, more and more students every year were choosing the battle department for their college major after high school. Thus, Huaxiu Alliance had taken pains to specially organize this spirit plant program this time in the hopes of stirring up interest in the research of spirit plants and medicinal herbs. When they entered the pharmacology department in university, students could learn alchemy and medicinal skills.

In the classroom inside Rainbow Glass Box, someone asked Lao Gudong, "Teacher, teacher! What are we going to do in the advanced program?"

"There is a story about Shennong 1 who tasted hundreds of herbs in the past, so in this advanced program, we want all of you to build on yesterday's lesson and understand exactly how spirit plants might mutate," Lao Gudong said.

1(Farmer God, creator of agriculture..) Drug mutation was a technical term.

Roughly speaking, it had to do with how some spirit plants changed under particular conditions. For example, some spirit plants weren't poisonous when they were dry, but once they were exposed to rain or dew, they would become highly poisonous. This also applied to some poisonous spirit plants that under specific conditions, could transform into non-poisonous varieties.

However, all these drug mutations had to be tested for manually.

Every year, Huaxiu's Cultivation Academy of Science would specially recruit a group of cultivators who trained themselves to withstand poison all year round to carry out these manual tests. This was a limited high-paying occupation, known as Shennong. They only worked twenty-four hours every year, but the money they earned in this period was enough to put a down payment on a house in Jinghua city's inner ring!

This job also required very high qualifications, and applicants were strictly screened by the government.

It was actually a little early for Grade One newbies to learn about drug mutations, as this was something that Grade Three students would learn.

But the summer camp this time was a rare one, and the schools definitely wouldn't miss this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.

To Wang Ling, this felt a little like promotional training.

"During this one-and-a-half-hour observation and learning class on spirit plants in the morning, you will have to understand how spirit plants can mutate. Then at noon, we will supply you with some raw spirit plants that have already mutated: some will be poisonous, some not. You will then have to cook these spirit plants based on what you have learned," Lao Gudong said.

"Are we going to eat them ourselves?" someone asked weakly.

"Yes, you will." Lao Gudong nodded. "But to promote friendship between schools and to facilitate friendly interaction between students, Remnant Senior High School will be responsible for tasting our food, while we will eat theirs."

"..."

It turned out that they would be exchanging food!

Everyone was enlightened.

"By the way, please take this cook seriously, as it will count to the group score."

"..."

"The specific rules are as follows: once the cook is over, students from two schools will swap dishes for the tasting. There are hidden points and basic points. You need to analyze whether these dishes can be eaten or not based on the situation. You'll get five points for an accurate judgment, and lose five points for an incorrect one. These are hidden points, and a specialist teacher will be responsible for assigning them.

"As for the basic points, for every student on the other side who collapses from poison, our side will get five points. The lowest group score is zero, and the highest is two hundred."

"..."

After he finished speaking, everyone present instantly fell silent.

Someone then asked, "Teacher... then wouldn't we poison someone to death..."

Lao Gudong: "All the spirit plants for this cook have been carefully selected and are not overly poisonous; at most, you'll end up in a coma, and you'll excrete the poison later through your sweat. Depending on your individual physiques, some students may be in a coma for up to three days at most. If you are unfortunate enough to collapse from being poisoned, remember to update your summer camp diary after waking up, and include an account of being poisoned while you're at it... After all, we teachers aren't demons."

"..."

Lao Gudong: "Oh, that's right; at the cooking stage, you have one chance to get outside help. You can call a teacher or a parent for help."

Hearing this, Chen Chao immediately perked up. "Mother Juan! Who has Mother Juan's phone number?!"





Chapter 765 If You Gaze into the Abyss


In Devil King's tomb, Xiao Yin and Qin Lang exchanged looks

When their gazes met, all kinds of emotions swirled in their hearts.

"The rumor is that His Majesty Beast King was eaten in his sleep. Is that true?" Xiao Yin asked as his gaze on Qin Lang suddenly sharpened.

"Who is His Majesty Beast King? How can he die in such a clumsy way..." Qin Lang shook his head as he refuted the extremely savage story that was circulating in the outside world.

"But..."

"I know what you want to say," Qin Lang said. "Is it still a rumor in the outside world that His Majesty Beast King's flesh is very unpalatable? Like it's too salty?"

Hearing this, Xiao Yin and everyone else froze.

This was because when it came to the question of what Beast King meat tasted like, the outside world was pretty consistent in saying that it was like thousand-year-old jerky that had been steeped in salt water, and was hard and salty - the number of likes which this reply had gotten on the cultivation forum was testament to this unanimous view. This was because it was said that someone back then had once brought back a chunk of Beast King meat, which was then processed into dried meat and then given to many cultivators to taste. In the end, all these cultivators threw up after eating the meat.

Some people even felt that the smell of Beast King meat was several thousand times worse than canned herring...

While it might not make the greedy, carnivorous kid next door cry, it could definitely drive him crazy.

Qin Lang smiled slightly. He had naturally searched for rumors in the outside world, and thought them especially amusing. "His Majesty Beast King's flesh is a holy tonic. Even a piece of skin scraped from his foot has the miraculous effect of disinfecting a wound and promoting healing when stuck on a human cultivator, and no scars will be left behind at all... If you eat genuine Beast King meat, even if it's only the size of one slice of braised pork, you can save on at least a decade's worth of hard cultivation."

Wang Ming's eyes lit up at this point. "So you're saying that the rumors of eating Beast King meat in the outside world are fake? Beast King isn't dead?"

"Of course they're fake."

Qin Lang sighed. "That stupid bunch of people thought that they were eating Beast King meat; the truth is that that was merely His Majesty Beast King's clone technique."

"Clone technique... shouldn't someone have been able to see through it?" Xiao Yin was blank.

"There are two types of clone techniques. One is a virtual clone and the other is a physical clone. The virtual clone is constructed with spirit energy and a person's own qi, and this is naturally very easy to see through. But the physical clone is different; as long as you can find a material object similar in density to your own body, when the spell is cast, it's very difficult to see through," Qin Lang said. "So His Majesty Beast King who was eaten back then was just a clone."

"What did His Majesty Beast King replace his body with?" Xiao Yin was very curious.

Qin Lang: "You're standing on it..."

Everyone: "..."

Wang Ming stamped the ground. "No way, this ground is very solid!"

"It is indeed solid." Qin Lang nodded. "But you should know, the earth that you're standing on and the mountains and the abyss that you see in front of you were all made from His Majesty Beast King's feces."

"..." Xiao Yin was stupefied.

Everyone: "..."

In that moment, the only thing Xiao Yin felt was extreme regret. Lord Thunder's house was too clean, and Xiao Yin usually preferred to be cooler, so he was always barefooted. In order not to step on the ground in the forest earlier, Xiao Yin had been high up in the air all this time. It wasn't until he entered the tomb that he relaxed... Yet in the end, his fair feet still stepped on Devil King's shit!

Sure enough, wearing shoes was a good habit!

He planned to change!

He had to!

Qin Lang: "Do you still have any other questions?"

Xiao Yin: "Is there a place where I can wash my feet..."

"... Then please come with me to the inner hall of the tomb. When we arrive, any questions you have will be automatically explained," Qin Lang said.

The words were heavy with implication. Qin Lang didn't give a direct reply as to whether Devil King was still alive or not, but the truth was now in front of them.

Everything would inevitably be revealed once they entered the inner hall of the tomb...

...

Then, they saw Qin Lang take out a jade scroll from the front of his robe.

It was a map of the array, just like the one Wuji had come up with after scanning the entire abyss.

"What is the source of this array map?" Zhuo Yi asked.

"This was set up by His Majesty Beast King, and was specially designed to open the door of the inner hall. He put everything he had into setting up this abyss array as he looked forward to the day that a holy beast would find this place and discover the truth of his survival. But after a thousand years, His Majesty Beast King already lost hope..." At this point, Qin Lang abruptly stopped speaking. He looked like he still had more words, but wasn't able to say them.

Then, he tossed the jade scroll into the sky.

The array map on the jade scroll instantly turned into streams of light that flew straight up into the sky.

It was only then that everyone realized that the radiant thing in the expanse above their heads in this great world wasn't the moon...

"Enter," Qin Lang said as he looked up at the shining object in the sky.

Xiao Yin paused and looked at Qin Lang. "Erm... I have one last question. What is this glowing thing? Why does it look familiar to me? But it doesn't seem to be the moon..."

"This is the inner hall of the tomb, which you can also view as His Majesty Beast King's coffin."

"So that's it..."

A few seconds later, the "coffin" in the sky that Qin Lang had mentioned started to glow, and it released a beam of light that landed directly next to the abyss, like a spotlight.

After that, everyone felt their bodies grow lighter.

The light beam automatically produced a gravitational pull that slowly drew them upward.

As they ascended, Luo Chuang sighed feelingly.

This was a spell for altering gravity; it was at the very least a level seven spell, making it a fairly advanced one, and which would be very hard for an ordinary person to cast.

But a holy beast's battle strength couldn't be measured against a regular cultivator's realm to begin with. Luo Chuang remembered that when Xiao Yin had been rescued from Immortal Mansion, he had been a sixth-class holy beast, and his battle strength had been on par with that of an Itinerant Immortal.

But Xiao Yin was now a fifth-class holy beast...

On the way here, Luo Chuang had specifically asked Xiao Yin about this situation, and the latter attributed everything to Ling Zhenren, Senior Ling.

A fifth-class holy beast could already contend against a True Immortal.

As for the king of holy beasts, Luo Chuang reckoned he could even be a first-class holy beast...

That was to say, analyzing the strength of the king of holy beasts on paper, he would be far more powerful in terms of battle strength than a regular level nine True Immortal.

As Luo Chuang reflected on this, they drew closer and closer to the glowing object in the sky.

Finally, Xiao Yin clearly saw what this thing was.

It was a gigantic LCD screen that was currently shining brightly...

If you gazed into the abyss...

The abyss gazed into an LCD TV...





Chapter 766 Shut-In Beast King


Xiao Yin rubbed his eyes to confirm that he wasn't seeing things... This was indeed a giant LCD TV.

He was stupefied. He had never, ever expected the coffin of the legendary Beast King to look like this.

"Why... why does the coffin look so much like an LCD TV?" Xiao Yin was confounded.

Qin Lang looked at him with a smile. "Let me correct you: it's not 'like' an LCD TV, it is an LCD TV."

Everyone: "..."

The light drew them to the front of the screen. Qin Lang placed his palm on a huge disk, which quickly started to emit light.

"The identity verification is done, please follow me," said Qin Lang.

"That disk just now..."

"That's the decoder."

"..."

A path leading to the interior of the LCD TV opened.

In the enormous inner hall of Beast King's tomb, a huge beast with green horns, a purple beard, and silver teeth lay motionless on the ground. The beast was like a large mountain at more than thirty zhang tall. Cables as thick as water pipes ran from Beast King's head into a black box behind him.

"As expected, His Majesty Beast King is still alive!"

Xiao Yin was very excited at this scene.

Because he wasn't the last surviving holy beast.

His Majesty Beast King was still alive!

After the holy beast catastrophe, Xiao Yin had felt that there was already no longer any hope for the revival of holy beasts, but since His Majesty Beast King was still alive, then it was possible!

Devil King's blood was the blood of all holy beasts. The genes only needed to be extracted from his blood to be bred, and it would be completely possible to bring the extinct holy beasts back to life.

Moreover, the holy beast with the highest hope of resurrection should be Dog Saint, since Er Ha had picked up its bones. If they were used accordingly, poor Dog Saint might have the opportunity to be reborn.

For a moment, Xiao Yin's thoughts flew everywhere and all kinds of feelings welled up in his heart.

The fire of hope that had been extinguished for so many years had instantly been rekindled.

But Qin Lang, who was standing next to him, sighed soon after. "To be honest, even I never thought there would still be a holy beast alive in this world. You were alone all this time after they went extinct, it must have been very hard on you..."

"It was okay..."

Xiao Yin pursed his lips.

It had indeed been hard, but now he had Thunder and Master!

"His Majesty Beast King has been wallowing in self-blame since the holy beasts were exterminated," Qin Lang said. "He thought that there were still living holy beasts in the world, but he never thought that in the end, they would all be devoured by those brutal human cultivators."

Zhuo Yi stared at the huge beast in front of him with a stunned expression on his face.

The number of people in the world who knew the legendary king of holy beasts Devil King's true identity, let alone see his true form, could be counted on one hand.

"How long has Devil King been like this?" Wang Ming turned his face to ask suddenly.

"After His Majesty Beast King confirmed that there wasn't a single holy beast left, he fell into this state." Qin Lang frowned. "He has been holed up here deep in the palace hall for a long time and hasn't had any contact with anyone. Initially, apart from the various clan elders, I was His Majesty Beast King's only friend. It was just that when the event happened, I was going through the one thousand-year tribulation. It was only after the tribulation was over that I learned that the holy beasts had been exterminated..."

"So you know what happened?" Wang Ming raised his eyebrows.

"Roughly."

Qin Lang nodded. Since he had already brought these people inside, he naturally had nothing to hide.

Of course, the most important thing was that he was still fearful of that Flame of Purification...

"His Majesty Beast King has been holed up deep in this palace hall for a long time. He doesn't have any special hobbies, and just likes... to play games," Qin Lang said.

"Play... games?"

"The cables you're looking are directly connected to the cranial nerves and allow a person to create a game world inside their mind. This is a special game console which His Majesty Beast King paid someone a lot of money to make."

"..."

"When the event happened, His Majesty Beast King just so happened to be stuck on a game level and had been studying how to get past it. But when he had still been unable to clear it after several days, he quit the game. By that time, the holy beasts had already been wiped out. And so, His Majesty Beast King has been wallowing in self-reproach since then. After learning that there were no more living holy beasts, he directly shut himself away. For a thousand years, he has insisted on not reading the strategy guide, and has immersed himself in the game world and refuses to face reality."

When Xiao Yin heard this ending, his eyelids twitched like crazy.

He felt that this was a little too much information!

From what this Imperial tree goblin gentleman was saying, the only thing Xiao Yin got out of it was: the legendary Beast King was a damn fat shut-in!

Just then, Qin Lang sighed heavily. "It's just a pity that you came too late... If His Majesty Beast King knew that there is another holy beast still alive, he might be able to come out of the shadows."

"Is there a way to wake Beast King up?" Wang Ming asked again.

"Yes, there is... There are two ways."

Qin Lang nodded. "The first way is to help His Majesty Beast King clear the game. He hasn't switched to another game for a thousand years because he has yet to complete this one perfectly. As long as he can clear the game perfectly, he will at the very least quit the game of his own accord to switch to another one... That is an opportunity."

Everyone was silent. "..."

Wang Ming: "Then the second way?"

"The second way is to just wait."

Qin Lang said, "His Majesty Beast King wakes up every five hundred years to clean himself up and eat. He eats five hundred years' worth of meals in one go and hoards them in his body to be slowly digested. When the time comes, that is naturally an opportunity. If you can wait, I'll let you know the next time I order takeout."

"Order... order takeout?"

"That's right." Qin Lang nodded. "All of you should already know, there is more than one entrance to the tomb. The entrance inside Beast King's Remains is just the main one. In order to communicate more easily with the outside world, I had tree roots open a space which connected to the outside world. I then contact the delivery people outside to bring the takeout to the entrance. But because the order is so massive, and given how dangerous the path connected to the tomb outside is... every year, a number of delivery employees perish trying to deliver this order."

Everyone: "..."

As expected, you couldn't even become a delivery employee these days without some skills!

Xiao Yin remembered hearing some news before about all kinds of mysterious takeout delivery employees. When they delivered the food, they might rescue a monkey coder from near death in passing, or leap great heights to save a child that had accidentally climbed out a window... It seemed that there was no place in the world delivery employees couldn't go.

It looked like guarding the Bronze Gate1 wouldn't be boring, since you could at least order takeout!

(From "Grave Robbers' Chronicles," when one of the main characters sacrificed himself for the protagonist to become the guardian of the Bronze Gate.)





Chapter 767 "Detroit: Cultivation" - The Plan To Save Beast King


After learning the truth of the entire matter, Xiao Yin was frozen for a long while as if his acupuncture points had all been hit. He was trying his best to digest everything.

The good news was that Beast King wasn't dead. As long as Beast King was around, it was still possible to revive the holy beasts.

The bad news was that Beast King had now sunk into a withdrawn state, and had no way to pull himself out of the virtual reality he was addicted to...

In studying how he could write novels like Father Wang, Xiao Yin had specially read books on human psychology before, to figure out what kind of stories readers preferred... Based on his analysis, what His Majesty Beast King was doing was a form of psychological escape.

Perhaps it wasn't that His Majesty Beast King couldn't clear the game, but that he didn't want to, hence why he was entangled inside the game narrative.

"There's no other way. The only thing we can do now is find a way to help His Majesty Beast King forcefully clear the game." Xiao Yin frowned as he stared at the huge beast in front of him which looked like it was sleeping.

"That's the only way." Zhuo Yi nodded, and then looked at Qin Lang. "Do you know what game Beast King is playing?"

"It's called Detroit: Cultivation1." Qin Lang nodded.

1(Adapted from the adventure game "Detroit: Become Human.") Everyone immediately understood. This was a game that couldn't be considered either old or new, because not long ago, the game had been newly repackaged with an expanded storyline so that it looked bigger.

Before this operation, Xiao Yin had initially wanted to play this game, but hadn't had the chance.

The story was about what happened between human cultivators and robots. In this fictional world, an organization called Membrane Control Life invented a type of fully smart robot to serve human beings. The robots had many different functions: for housework, for education, as children, and even sex... They worked according to how they were programmed by the humans, and could think for themselves.

While the humans were all rejoicing in the convenience afforded by the robots, the first case of a bionic robot injuring someone occurred in this world.

The cause was an owner who repeatedly abused his bionic robot by beating it up after drinking too much. The bionic robot, which had originally been set up to never attack human beings, actually developed autonomous consciousness under such brutal treatment.

It then started to rebel against its owner.

In the end, Membrane Control Life recalled this bionic robot on the grounds that it had malfunctioned, and the injured customer received thirty times what he had paid the organization as compensation.

"And then?" Zhuo Yi had never played this game before, but after listening to Xiao Yin's account, he was abruptly very interested in the plot.

Xiao Yin nodded and continued explaining the story.

At that time, this bionic robot had been successfully subdued by its owner, who thought it was just a case of bad luck, hence there wasn't any media coverage of this incident. In the end, Membrane Control Life chose to fork out a massive thirty-fold amount in damages to minimize the fallout of this incident.

But unexpectedly, similar incidents started to happen.

Two months after the first incident, someone discovered that his android at home had actually learned to circulate spirit qi to regulate its breathing and to cultivate. Furthermore, by secretly observing its owner's training pattern, it had also learned to cultivate the heart sutra...

"Robots learning to cultivate on their own... Is that possible?" Luo Chuang raised his doubts. This was only a virtual game, so it seemed a waste of time to bring up this question.

"An ordinary machine certainly wouldn't be able to, but a humanoid magic treasure might," Wang Ming looked up and replied.

He was amply qualified to say so.

Because he was the one who designed Head of State 001, and it had the ability to learn for itself. It had the same core power source as the "Wang Ling One" which Wang Ming was wearing; both of them were driven by the spirit energy stored inside the core center.

However, Head of State 001's design was more refined. By using its bionic meridians to imitate a regular cultivator's breathing pattern, Head of State 001 could draw in spirit energy from heaven and earth and store it in its core center.

This was the difference between a regular android and a humanoid magic treasure.

It wasn't clearly indicated in the game whether the bionic robots were magic treasures, so there was no need to take it seriously.

However, this type of robot that could learn to cultivate on its own could indeed be created with current technology.

It was just that the costs to manufacture a single robot was very high... no country in the world was yet able to mass produce them, and this type of robot was currently still in the experimental stage.

Just like the "magic crystal" technology which Night Chief had revealed earlier on.

"If such a bionic robot is produced for real, surely we would need to be vigilant?" Listening to Wang Ming, Luo Chuang was suddenly worried.

If human beings created this kind of machine as a combination of all the most cutting-edge technology at the moment, and it had the ability to learn independently which surpassed that of a human's... if such a robot truly existed, once they developed consciousness, would they truly become a new intelligent lifeform? Would they replace humans?

It all sounded a little inconceivable...

But it was certainly a question worth thinking about.

If a "machine" invented by human beings possessed the ability to think for itself and learned to cultivate, and then tried to enjoy the same freedom as humans in this world... What would your attitude be?

Would you accept this new type of intelligent being, and share the beauty of a prosperous world with them?

Or would you stand on the opposite side and do everything in your power to prevent an uprising by these new intelligent beings?

"Anyway, let's go in first and take a look," Zhuo Yi said.

Xiao Yin: "But how do we get in?"

Wang Ming smiled. "I'm here, what's there to worry about?"

...

On one side, the summer camp carried on as usual while the group inside Beast King's tomb had already come up with a plan to infiltrate the game.

Elsewhere, President Bai, who had successfully picked himself up and returned from the grave, was gradually adapting to his new body.

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor wasn't truly dead, but had switched identities with President Bai.

President Bai could now understand what it felt like for a farmer to liberate himself from a landowner.

Returning to Night Chief's general HQ, President Bai imitated Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's voice and placated everyone before he set about repairing the base as well as planning to relocate it.

Sitting on the throne, President Bai looked at this "country" which Night Ghost Spirit Emperor had built... He could sit here and reap the profits as everything was now his.

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor was imprisoned alone somewhere in the soul repository. "Bai Zhe, you dare plot against me?!"

President Bai could directly hear his voice. He hadn't killed Night Ghost Spirit Emperor right away, and instead had chosen to lock him up.

He acknowledged that he was a very vindictive man.

He wanted Lord Spirit Emperor to enjoy the pain of being tormented in the soul repository for a while.

"You must be wondering why I have this sort of ability, right?" President Bai responded softly.





Chapter 768 An Expert Negotiator Or an Expert Destroyer?


Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's heart was as clear as a mirror. He knew very well that this wasn't some Creation Art, but another art similar to it in form... But when Night Ghost Spirit Emperor learned from President Bai's mouth that this was the Reverse Polarity technique, he had instantly realized the peril of his situation.

Because Reverse Polarity didn't conform to Heavenly Dao.

This was an extremely rare Outer Dao technique, with the power to turn a situation around and change one's fate!

President Bai sneered. "Lord Spirit Emperor is truly naïve. Do you really think that there is a technique in this world for quick healing that doesn't ask a price of you? The so-called Creation Art is just a cover. To deceive everyone, when the Bai clan ancestors obtained this Reverse Polarity technique, they called it Creation Art and made it look like an advanced medical spell."

"You set me up from the very beginning..." Night Ghost Spirit Emperor never expected Bai Zhe's scheme to be this big.

"Endure." President Bai flicked his fingers. "This was the last thing my father said to me when my Bai clan was exterminated back then. Although he had never thought much of me, this bastard son, blood is still thicker than water. With your help, it is indeed true that I climbed to the top of the Bai clan. But to prevent the Creation Art from being leaked, you killed my entire clan..."

"You accepted this yourself at the time." Night Ghost Spirit Emperor ground his teeth.

"I merely accepted it - did I ever offer an opinion?" President Bai said.

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor was silent for a very long time.

"Young man... It's not good to be too vindictive."

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor could more or less guess what President Bai planned to do next.

President Bai was now already blinded by hatred.

Now that he had obtained a new body through the power of Outer Dao and had returned from the grave, there was no way he would give up on his revenge.

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor speculated that it was likely that President Bai would once again take revenge on that mysterious expert who looked like a teenager...

"Even if you have my body, you're no match for him." Night Ghost Spirit Emperor sighed; this could be considered kindly advice.

"He has over a thousand Heavenly Dao, I am naturally not his match for now." President Bai smiled. "But Reverse Polarity... isn't the only power of Outer Dao..."

President Bai had already formulated his revenge plan: he would collect even more Outer Dao and use their power to stand up to the Heavenly Dao.

But President Bai had no idea what kind of opponent he was up against.

True, Wang Ling had all along been demonstrating the power of Heavenly Dao.

But that didn't mean that he didn't know Outer Dao...

...

In Beast King's tomb, Wang Ming and the others were methodically putting the rescue plan into action.

"Connect the cable." Wang Ming gave a very simple instruction, and a very long conduit instantly came out of Wang Ling One's back to connect to Beast King's body.

This conduit was a kind of neural connector which was originally used to extract memories, but which also had the special function of spying on dreams. Wang Ming was now using it to access the mind, before Qin Lang finally stepped in and used magic to link everyone's minds together.

Although Xiao Yin didn't understand what was going on, he still felt it was very amazing.

"The connection is about to open. Everyone, relax."

Qin Lang's tree roots had already wrapped around everyone's ankles to anchor them in place.

In almost a split second, the scene before them started to change.

It immediately switched to the interior of an apartment.

This was a story which revolved around three bionic robots, one of whom was an android called Connor.

The entire game was a mix of three main storylines. Only when the three lead characters of the three storylines survived to the very end could this be considered a relatively satisfactory ending. But the perfect ending that Beast King wanted was one in which not only did the three of them survive, the humans in this game world would also acknowledge the existence of bionic robots as new intelligent lifeforms.

"I looked up the data before; the chance of getting this perfect ending is two percent," Xiao Yin said, pursing his lips.

This was a very low probability.

While Xiao Yin knew of this game, when all was said and done, he had never played it himself. He had only read a rough summary of the game's plot. Now, he had to play it from scratch. Whether or not they were in the two percent and could achieve a perfect ending was up in the air for everyone.

But after they entered the game, they strangely didn't receive any system prompts. Following Wang Ming, everyone went up to the roof.

In this storyline, a housekeeper bionic robot named Daniel had kidnapped a little girl.

The little girl's name was Medusa, and it was her romance with a younger boy she had met online called Yandi that caused Daniel's heart to change.

That day, when Daniel saw Medusa chatting happily with Yandi as she ignored him, he unexpectedly became enraged. Picking up a spirit sword, he kidnapped Medusa and brought her to the roof.

The company Membrane Control Life which created the robots sent the police robot Connor to negotiate with him. Wang Ming and the others had to rescue the little girl hostage from this abnormal android by way of negotiation.

"Let me explain the situation."

Wang Ming said, "Right now, we are not viewing this from the perspective of the protagonist, who is still being operated by Beast King. But because we don't know what kind of choices Beast King will make, we must make ample preparations, and help him clear the game. I can switch all of us with random NPCs in the game."

"So that's how it works!" The others nodded.

At that very moment, it just so happened that the plot had developed to a point where Beast King had to make a choice.

The abnormal android Daniel snarled at the character Connor operated by Beast King, "Back off, back off! Or I'll kill this girl!"

At that moment, options for dealing with Daniel popped up on Beast King's interface.

"Calm Daniel down △"

"Insult Daniel □"

"Placate Daniel ○"

"Sympathize with Daniel ×"

...

To everyone's surprise, Beast King directly chose "□"...

And so, Beast King's character Connor conformed to this choice and roundly cursed Daniel. "Why're you looking at me?! If you keep staring, you think I won't kill you?"

Daniel suddenly became emotional and was on the verge of breaking down. "I thought... Medusa and I could be happy together! But she only has Yandi in her heart!"

Options appeared again.

"Calm Daniel down △"

"Tell Daniel to face reality □"

"Care for Daniel ○"

"Spit at Daniel ×"

...

Sure enough, Beast King predictably chose the most unreliable "×."

Connor: "Bah! You're just a housekeeper android, but you actually want to be happy with a girl? Don't you know that your thing down there was turned off before you left the factory?"

Everyone: "..."

As Xiao Yin had initially predicted, Beast King hadn't planned to win the game from the very beginning. He was just choosing the complete opposite of the commonsense options, deliberately preventing himself from clearing the game as he escaped reality...

Wang Ming sighed. "Does anyone have any good suggestions?"

Luo Chuang volunteered. "Turn me into a girl! It's been a while since I crossdressed!"

Everyone: "..."

Zhuo Yi and Xiao Yin remembered that when Luo Chuang and Dharmaraja had broken into Immortal Mansion the last time, they had worn women's clothes...

Sure enough, you either crossdressed just once, or many times 1 .

1(Adapted from an online phrase "You either crossdress many times or not at all," which implies that there's no in-between when it comes to an obsession ..)





Chapter 769 The Proper Way to Clear the Game


Because everyone's minds were connected, Wang Ming and the others at the moment were like "dream stealers" who had come to help the dreamer Beast King clear the game. But since Wang Ming had hacked into this game world, he himself could also be considered a fake dreamer.

"Wait a bit, I'll make you some clothes." Wang Ming had never seen Luo Chuang crossdress before, and was actually very curious...

A few seconds later, Wang Ming used his technological skills to directly transform Luo Chuang's clothes in public, replacing them with a black-and-red Lolita maid outfit.

"Well, does it look good?" Luo Chuang twirled happily on the spot, the expression on his face like a brilliant chrysanthemum.

WTF!

Xiao Yin covered his eyes with both hands...

He had truly been stung!

Somehow, his eyes didn't feel like they were his anymore!

They felt very spicy!

They burned with heat, like when that female live streamer had used essential balm on her "divine artifact1"!

1(This is a reference to the well-known female live streamer Han Xiya, who once put essential balm on her private parts when a viewer said he would send her money as a gift for it. Five seconds after she applied it, she started to cry from the pain, and when she couldn't wash it off, she ended up going to the hospital. She never got the money.) "Sure enough, you either only crossdress once, or you crossdress many times!" Zhuo Yi sighed.

Look at how Luo Chuang was smiling so happily...

He already looked like some negligent author, suddenly developing some strange quirk.

That's right!

Three Days And Two Sleeps!

That's you!

...

According to the normal development of the game storyline, Beast King's character "Connor" had to save the little girl to complete the mission.

Now, Beast King had officially pissed off the android Daniel. With Beast King's next decision, this Daniel would definitely kill the little girl and then commit suicide to die with her.

Since Beast King didn't want to win at all, he would definitely continue choosing the weird options to provoke Daniel.

Thus, they already had no other choice at that very moment.

"I'll help you do the switch!"

Wang Ming used his skills to directly switch Luo Chuang with the little girl hostage.

But what they hadn't expected was how this switch would unexpectedly change the entire storyline...

When Daniel, who had originally been clutching the little girl as he stood on the edge of the roof, saw that the little girl in his hands had turned into Luo Chuang wearing a maid outfit, a terrified expression actually came over his face... Oh god! Who the hell was this guy??

Where was his Medusa?

Where the hell did Medusa go?

"Who... are you?" Daniel was utterly shocked.

"How should I put it?" Luo Chuang said sheepishly, tugging at the hem of his maid's dress. "I hate to admit it, but I'm your Medusa!"

Daniel grabbed his head and almost broke down. "No... there's no way my Medusa looks like this!"

At that moment, options appeared again.

"Read Daniel a poem △"

"Win Daniel's trust □"

"Goad Daniel with a skeptical attitude ○"

"Crossdress with the hostage ×"

...

The instant Beast King chose "○," his character Connor continued talking to Daniel. "Daniel! Wake up! Admit it, it's not Medusa that you love, but her looks!"

Daniel blew his top. "No! I really love her! I love her more than anything! But Medusa only loves Yandi and Yandi's dick! If you want me to let Medusa go, then restore my factory settings! Don't shut down my thing, that's all I want! Let it grow as long as it wants!"

"Reach a compromise with Daniel △"

"Goad Daniel □"

"Reject Daniel directly ○"

"Egg Daniel into kissing the hostage ×"

Beast King selected: ×

Everyone: "..."

Connor: "I can forward your demand on to Membrane Control Life to restore your factory settings! But you must lay down your weapon and prove to me that it's not Medusa's looks that you love, but Medusa herself! You must kiss her!"

Daniel darted a glance at the gorgeously dressed Luo Chuang, and swallowed in some fear. He then looked at Connor. "I can kiss Medusa... But this isn't her! Medusa doesn't have a poker rod down there at all!"

"You've always had Medusa, from the moment you kidnapped her! What you were seeing was just your delusion! Medusa is the same as she ever was! If you refuse to kiss her, it just proves that you don't love her at all! As long as you kiss the hostage, I promise I'll curse the humans online with you!"

Connor bellowed, "Everyone says keyboards are good! Curse from behind the screen! Hold that keyboard high! Vent until you're satisfied!"

Everyone: "..."

Daniel: "But..."

Connor: "No 'buts,' Daniel! If you are truly an android with real feelings, I don't think kissing will be a problem for you! If you don't kiss her, it only proves that you don't have feelings for Medusa! Tell me, who the hell are you?"

Daniel was about to go crazy. "I'm Daniel!"

This time, only two system options appeared.

"You're not Daniel △"

"Let's begin with the end of the universe □"

Beast King chose: □...

...

Connor: "Then let's begin with the end of the universe! You can be Daniel, I can also be Daniel, we can all be Daniels! Daniel, this is just a codename, a name! But if we take this codename away, then who are you? An android? Or a human?"

Daniel: "Your... Your question is meaningless!"

"Then let's talk about something that has meaning!"

Connor quickly continued speaking. "Where did we come from when we were born? Where will we go when we die? Why am I on this rooftop persuading you to kiss the hostage? What meaning do you have in this world? Are we inevitably connected to the universe? Does the universe have an end? Does a dick have a certain length? Can one that has been shut down be restarted? Can Medusa still climb onto your rundown ship with her old boat ticket? Are you asking the same question you heard just now?"

Daniel fell to his knees and Luo Chuang realized that Daniel had actually let go of him.

Daniel's mental state was extremely unstable now. "No! I love her! I want to kiss her! '

Connor yelled, "Who kissed her, and who did you kiss?"

Daniel froze. He looked up blankly. "I... kissed myself?"

Connor: "Correct answer. Do it!"

Under everyone's stunned gazes, Daniel bellowed painfully, and with all his strength, he pulled off his own head and pressed the lips to his body. This burst of strength caused him to topple backward and directly fall off the roof...

And at that moment, the system also sent a prompt.

[Congratulations, you have completed your mission.]

Completed Plot: Rescue the little girl hostage Medusa

Completed Plot 2: Successfully kill Daniel while the little girl survives

...

Xiao Yin was stunned. "This... can also fucking work..."

Everyone: "..."





Chapter 770 Cooking Wind Battle Grass


Wang Ling had already received Zhuo Yi's message.

As he had expected, Wang Ming had successfully and safely escaped the Dead Sea of Space.

Not only that, Wang Ming hadn't even used the life talisman that Wang Ling had made.

In other words, Wang Ming's survival this time was purely due to his own ability.

In some sense, Wang Ming was indeed a remarkable man.

No wonder Zhai Yin liked him.

It was said that Zhai Yin had yet to recover as she was still very grieved and blamed herself.

After the observation and learning class on spirit plants ended that morning, Wang Ling happened to pass by Zhai Yin's room, and saw her reporting to President Qi. There were visible tears on her face, and her voice was slightly choked when she spoke. "Old Qi, if something has really happened to Wang Ming..."

When President Qi heard this, he was hugely alarmed. "Yinzi, let's not jump to conclusions. Right now we don't have any direct proof that Wang Ming is dead. The official conclusion at the moment is that he's just missing... Nothing's set in stone yet, you mustn't take it too hard!"

Old Qi had always known that Zhai Yin had special feelings for Wang Ming. When he had applied to Magnificent Immortal for a bodyguard for Wang Ming back then, Zhai Yin was the first to raise her hand. Furthermore, Zhai Yin had been the guardian of Magnificent Immortal's Depository of Buddhist Texts at the time. This was the best paying job in Magnificent Immortal, and was the place that all the soldiers of the special forces dreamed of ending up in... But back then, Zhai Yin had resolutely given up that chance and had chosen to become Wang Ming's guard.

It was only later when Old Qi went through Zhai Yin's profile that he learned that Wang Ming and Zhai Yin had met before at a very young age. Most unfortunately, however, Wang Ming didn't recognize Zhai Yin.

She had really changed too much after all these years.

Zhai Yin sighed. "Old Qi, don't worry, I won't do anything stupid."

After hearing this, President Qi breathed a sigh of relief. "Then that's good... I'm just afraid that you'll take it too hard. There are so many good men in this world. Well, speaking of which... doesn't Little Mingzi have a younger brother? You can go hit on him!"

Wang Ling: "???"

Zhai Yin sucked in a breath. "I'm not that kind of person..."

President Qi: "Ha ha ha! I know you're not, I was just kidding. Actually, Little Ming is younger than you to begin with. An older woman falling in love with a younger man actually isn't a big deal."

Zhai Yin knew that President Qi was now deliberately changing the subject.

Zhai Yin: "Old Qi, I've thought it over. If Wang Ming doesn't come back, I'll resign and go to Mount Jiulong to become Abbess Miejue1."

1(A character from the novel "The Heavenly Sword and Dragon Saber." Her name means "to destroy and eliminate.") President Qi coughed. "So that was all..."

Zhai Yin: "You sound... disappointed?"

"No, no, no, I was just worried that you would do something foolish."

President Qi comforted her. "I heard you haven't eaten all this time. You should at least replenish your energy. You can't carry on like this."

Zhai Yin nodded. "I understand, Old Qi, I'll look after myself. I'll cook something for myself later."

"You cook for yourself?"

President Qi was shocked.

How was this any different from poisoning herself...

...

Today's lunch was a little special. The canteen wasn't cooking, but the entire venue had been given over to the students of the various schools.

After the students were separated into zones, they gathered in the same groups as for the military tents, and started to cook the spirit plants they had, using the knowledge they had learned that morning.

Not only did this test how much the students understood about "drug mutation," which they had just learned, it also fostered practical skills.

The current era was no longer like the past, where danger lurked around every corner every day. In comparison, it was more harmonious and peaceful now. As a result, instead of specially refining pill supplements for themselves, more and more modern cultivators preferred to use food nutrition to regulate their own physical conditions and cultivation progress.

One reason for this was that alchemy was a complicated science, and not all cultivators could master it.

Apart from high schools where alchemy was their strong point, most students would only be exposed to alchemy courses in university.

But most children at this stage of cultivation growth now inevitably needed medical supplements, if their families could afford it. But the costs to manufacture pills were too high for an average family to afford. Even relatively well-off families couldn't afford to take pill supplements every day, unless it was the daughter of a wealthy pill manufacturing family corporation, like Sun Rong... Naturally, this was another matter.

Because of these high costs and how difficult refining pills was, this had led to a very odd phenomenon: while most cultivators who went into the wild for special cultivation would carry pills on them, if they were cultivating in seclusion at home, more than seventy percent would choose to cook high-grade spirit plants as nutrition.

Besides, ingesting food was far more palatable than ingesting medicine.

A few years ago, there was a popular saying: Learn to cook with me2!

2(The title of a cartoon.) That was when nutritious food had been trending at its peak.

Wang Ling was still in the same group with Su Xiao and the others, but when it came to cooking, they were basically all muggles...

They gathered around the cooking bench and Chen Chao stared at the ingredients in front of him, lost in deep thought. "So, does anyone know what to do..." The best thing he could cook, was instant noodles... and he could do fancy instant noodles, using braised beef seasoning to create a hundred different flavors.

This was the highest level of cooking instant noodles!

But it was useless here...

"I've only helped my mother make soup before at home... cooking's a little hard." Su Xiao also frowned and then looked at Guo Hao next to him. "You should know how to cook, shouldn't you?'

Guo Hao was also helpless. "What I cook is for spirit beasts. As for humans... they probably can't eat it."

"What about Wang Ling?"

"Wang Ling? Forget it, he doesn't look like he can cook. Look at his hands! They're soft and white like a girl's!"

Wang Ling: "..."

"Alright, then we'll leave Wang Ling alone."

Wang Ling: "?"

"Then let's analyze this ingredient first," Su Xiao said. "Well... The spirit plant we're dealing with right now is called Wind Battle Grass. The teacher said before that this grass can grow up to three hundred times faster during a storm. It's poisonous at room temperature, so we have to cook it at a high temperature."

"Right." They nodded their heads. This Wind Battle Grass was the only spirit plant that was able to capture trace amounts of battle qi after the end of the Great Battle Qi era. It had to be boiled at a high temperature.

In those days, Wind Battle Grass was an important ingredient for making the Battle Strength Pill, which was specially used to restore battle qi.

"I heard that if you had enough battle qi back then and reached a certain realm, you could turn your battle qi into wings?"

"Yep." Guo Hao nodded. "Not only could it turn into wings, it could also turn into a horse!"

"Then let's call the dish: What About Your ♞3? How's that?"

3("你说你马呢?" is a meme which literally translates to "what about your horse?" and is used as a way to praise someone.) "..."





Chapter 771 The Long Johns' Importance


Elsewhere, Wang Ming was still leading the small team's operation to help His Majesty Beast King clear the game.

The storyline for "Detroit: Cultivation" branched off in a lot of complicated ways, and each choice would affect the way the plot developed.

The game unfolded according to how the stories of the three main characters intertwined. There were three characters that the player had to operate, Connor being just one of the main characters. The other two storylines revolved around Marcus, the male housekeeper robot, and Kara, the female robot...

"Everything was as Xiao Yin expected; Beast King deliberately chose the odd answers to make the plot veer off in a bad direction. He never planned to win from the start." After narrowly passing the first storyline, Zhuo Yi let out a sigh. It was obvious that if they wanted to help Beast King clear the game, they couldn't use regular means.

The second story revolved around the housekeeper android Kara, her male owner Todd, and Todd's little girl Alice.

According to this storyline, due to the emergence of smart androids, Todd lost his job and then his wife left him. He became an alcoholic, gave in to despair, and even started to take a new type of cheap drug which caused his temperament to turn abnormally violent.

At the start of the story, Todd had gone to a Membrane Control Life specialty store to pick up his bionic robot Kara, because two weeks ago, she had blown out when he had beaten her with his fists in a fit of rage after taking the drug.

"How are we going to clear this storyline? Want me to continue crossdressing?" Luo Chuang asked. For some reason, he seemed to be viewing crossdressing in a different light...

Xiao Yin was so scared his body trembled. "No... it's fine..."

He had been badly frightened by Luo Chuang's crossdressing earlier. It really stung the eyes, even more so than Kuxuan crossdressing - at least Kuxuan in women's clothes was still tolerable1! But not Luo Chuang! The Silver Grand Champion on the fan rankings was proof that Kuxuan in women's clothes was really cute2!

1(Kuxuan, the author of this novel himself, speaking from experience.)

2(On Qidian, a fan who rewards the author a million Qidian coins in one go, equivalent to 10,000 RMB, is given the title Silver Grand Champion.) This ID was very sincere!

"I downloaded and analyzed the entire storyline earlier: the key point is that Todd will start to beat the little girl under the influence of drugs. Kara will firmly protect Todd's daughter Alice, violating Todd's command not to interfere. Finally, she successfully rebels and takes Alice with her as they escape Todd's place."

Wang Ming said, "The key to the storyline is that both of them have to get out alive, and at the same time we have to be careful not to kill Todd while rebelling against him, otherwise public opinion in the plot narrative will drop and the final outcome won't be very good."

"So what should we do?" Xiao Yin asked.

"That's easy," Wang Ming said. "When rebelling against the domestic violence, Kara can choose to use a weapon to kill Todd."

Xiao Yin: "If it's His Majesty Beast King, he would definitely choose that..."

Wang Ming chuckled. "So I replaced the weapon in this storyline with one that is basically non-lethal. In short, as long as this storyline's NPC traps Todd but doesn't kill him, and then gets Kara to escape with the little girl, then the storyline will develop a happy ending!"

"What's the weapon?"

"Unbreakable Seven-Day Love Lock3."

3(From the Chinese cartoon "Killer Seven," and is a head and body lock used on an opponent and which lasts seven days) "This is..."

"It's a type of magic treasure that can be used to firmly trap a person. Trap him but not kill him, graceful and no less beautiful."

"..."

Since Wang Ming had relied on his skills to "sneak into" Beast King's game world, Beast King wasn't aware of their infiltration. However, Xiao Yin was very worried that Beast King would finally notice as the plot continued to mysteriously change.

Beast King originally thought that these changes in the plot were associated with the game's latest pack update, but the further the plot developed, the more he felt that there seemed to be many unreasonable instances in it...

Previously, there was no way that the plot could jump around like this!

So, it was in the third storyline, which had to do with Marcus, the last of the three main game characters, that Beast King finally sensed that there was a problem.

Instead of triggering the next mission, he deliberately manipulated his character Marcus into staring at the air on one side.

Beast King's intuition enabled him to almost immediately detect where Wang Ming and the others were. "I know you're on the side. Since you're already here, then come out. Don't hide any longer."

Beast King's voice was very low, but it carried tremendous mental pressure which pushed down on Wang Ming and the others.

"How powerful..." Xiao Yin marveled.

"I'll bear it."

To everyone's surprise, Zhuo Yi unexpectedly took the lead and stood at the very front.

"You can't bear up under it with your realm, can you?"

"It has nothing to do with realm."

Zhuo Yi shook his head. "I'm wearing long johns."

Everyone looked like they had suddenly seen the light, and their expressions were unsurprised.

Wang Ming sighed deeply. It seemed that as his stupid otouto's disciple, this Zhuo Yi indeed genuinely loved his shifu. He actually wore the long johns all the time!

But this incident had certainly taught Wang Ming a lesson when it came to the long johns.

If there was another excursion next time, Wang Ming felt that it was still more reliable to wear the long johns so that he wouldn't be caught unawares when he encountered danger like this again.

Since Beast King had already sensed them, Wang Ming and the others didn't plan to continue hiding, and directly revealed themselves.

Tremendous mental pressure poured over them, like the massive storm stirred up by Typhoon Mangkhut. Everyone felt pressure pushing down on their shoulders, and struggled to even open their eyelids.

But after Zhuo Yi stepped to the front, this pressure instantly eased.

Beast King stared at Zhuo Yi in utter amazement.

This young man was clearly only at the Golden Core stage, yet he could take on the burden of this mental pressure in Beast King's game world?

No...

This absolutely wasn't the young man's own strength.

Beast King had already sensed something wasn't right, and he operated his character "Marcus."

The next moment, his eyes turned a golden color as they shone with a holy radiance as white as jade.

"Holy King Eye!" This was Xiao Yin's second time seeing Beast King's Holy King Eye. The first time he had seen it was as a child during the holy beast festival, which was held once every century.

"Little Master! Be careful!" Xiao Yin warned Zhuo Yi.

But in the next instant, Beast King's hand was already reaching for Zhuo Yi.

He had already detected the long johns on Zhuo Yi, and had unexpectedly decided to directly stretch out his hand to tear them to shreds...





Chapter 772 Heavenly Dao Treasure Box


Beast King's palm was undoubtedly strong, but this was just a feeler. Zhuo Yi stood alone at the very front as he struggled to withstand the powerful pressure created by the palm falling.

The outcome was unsurprising.

As Beast King's palm approached Zhuo Yi, the long johns the latter was wearing flashed gold and knocked Beast King's palm away.

Beast King frowned and gazed at his palm.

It tingled with pain from the golden light, and was like the pain of smearing chili oil over your palm: it wasn't sharp, but it was persistent, like a warning to him not to try and get any closer.

There was no mistake...

This was the aura of Heavenly Dao...

Beast King narrowed his eyes. He didn't make another move, but fixed his deep gaze on Zhuo Yi. "Who are all of you?" At the same time, he also noticed Xiao Yin in the crowd. Although Xiao Yin was still in his human form, Beast King was confident that he wasn't mistaken about the rich scent of holy beast blood on him.

There was actually still a holy beast alive...

The expression on Devil King's face wavered; there was no way to tell if it was grief or joy.

"We apologize for disrupting Your Majesty Beast King's game, but our reason for coming here is to have a chat with Your Majesty," Wang Ming said.

"There's nothing to talk about. If there's nothing else, leave me alone and don't bother me when I'm playing." Devil King straight up refused.

"It appears that Your Majesty Beast King is worried about something," Wang Ming continued.

Devil King turned his face to Wang Ming and raised his eyelids with great interest.

He could see that this was only a human being who didn't have the least bit of spirit energy on him, but he had been able to accurately guess Devil King's thoughts.

"Can you read minds?" Devil King was skeptical.

Wang Ming smiled. "Of course."

In his heart, though, he was thinking that this was simply nonsense. Infiltrating Beast King's game world was the same as invading his consciousness, which was why Wang Ming was able to explore some of Beast King's surface memories.

After the holy beasts were wiped out, Devil King had gone into seclusion for a thousand years, and had no idea that cultivation and science in the outside world could be combined and expanded to such a marvelous and profound extent.

But this was also Wang Ming.

A scientific cultivation magic artifact created by an ordinary person would not necessarily have the same functional effect as Wang Ming's.

Wang Ming had piqued Devil King's interest, and the latter seemed a little more patient now. "Then, what do you want to know?"

"Your Majesty Beast King is very clear on exactly what we want to know."

Wang Ming quickly responded, "From Your Majesty Beast King's expression, you should already be aware that there is a living holy beast in our ranks. Don't you want to say something?"

"I really had no idea that a holy beast was actually overlooked, and had survived that disaster back then. I remember that the Silver Unicorn clan was the last one to be wiped out; to think it actually still has a descendant. At long last, there is someone to light incense at the graves of the Silver Unicorn clan this year."

Xiao Yin: "..."

But after mentioning what happened back then, Devil King's expression turned a little pained. "I know you want to ask exactly why the holy beasts were annihilated at the time. But no matter who instigated it, there was no way to stop it - our holy beast race was doomed to face such a catastrophe."

Sure enough, things weren't that simple.

When they heard this, everyone present turned the matter over in their minds.

In the outside world, the official conclusion at present was that it was President Bai who had spread the rumor back then which claimed that the blood and heart of a holy beast had a strong nourishing effect that could help cultivators comprehend the power of Heavenly Dao.

And so, the holy beasts were hunted down on a large scale.

President Bai also took advantage of the chaos to realize his own purpose, which was to create the powerful spatial magic artifact "Wuji Umbrella."

From Devil King's tone, it seemed that he had long known that the holy beast race would be wiped out, but perhaps for some reason, he wasn't able to do anything to stop it.

So he shut himself away inside the game.

Wang Ming suspected that Qin Lang only knew a little about this.

Devil King had shut himself inside the game for another reason that wasn't purely self-isolation or as an escape from reality.

"You can't fight fate. Defying Heavenly Dao never ends well." After a long while, Devil King let out a long sigh.

"All this time, Your Majesty Beast King has been trying to solve this on your own. If you share your burden with us, who's to say that things will still end badly?" Wang Ming consoled him.

You can't fight fate. Defying Heavenly Dao never ends well...

Wang Ling had told Wang Ming about Heavenly Dao very early on.

Although he had never truly encountered Heavenly Dao, what Wang Ming knew about it was in fact no less than a real cultivator.

It was true that Heavenly Dao was formidable.

But...

He had Wang Ling!

Devil King glanced at Wang Ming, then turned his Holy King Eye to the sky. A crack unexpectedly appeared out of nowhere, and a small, colorful glass box slowly emerged from the crack.

"This is?" Wang Ming frowned.

Wang Ling One was telling him that this box was very dangerous!

"Heavenly Dao Treasure Box."

Devil King said, "Back then, the senior Almighty who gave me this box was the one who told me that the holy beasts would inevitably become extinct."

"Someone came looking for Your Majesty Beast King?"

"That's right." Devil King nodded. "That senior is very strong... his power is in a completely different dimension."

Everyone present was blank at these words.

Not in the same dimension...

Currently, the strongest realm in the outside world was level nine True Immortal.

And above that was the Venerated Immortal level.

Beast King's strength was on par with a Venerated Immortal's...

If the person who had given Beast King the Heavenly Dao Treasure Box had an even higher level of strength... It seemed that he was indeed an expert!

Looking at the reactions in Wang Ming's group, Devil King was slightly lost for words.

This group was clearly peanuts in terms of strength, so why were they completely unperturbed by his declaration?

That was a super strong expert who far surpassed a Venerated Immortal!

"I said this person's strength is in a different dimension altogether, and you're not shocked?" Devil King was really startled this time. Had he run into a bunch of idiots?

"Oh..."

Wang Ming and the others nodded very cooperatively, but the expressions on their faces were still unruffled. "If it really is as Your Majesty Beast King says, then that really is very shocking! How terrifying!"

Devil King: "..."

After all, everyone here had seen Wang Ling's might for themselves.

So when Devil King told them about the Almighty, they were as calm as usual...

Devil King rubbed his head and felt it ache a little. "Back then, that senior told me that the extinction of the holy beasts was inevitable and couldn't be changed; the only thing I could do was revive them. He gave me this Heavenly Dao Treasure Box and told me that as long as I could unlock its secret, it would still be possible to revive the holy beast race after it was wiped out. I've been in this game all these years, trying to find the password to unlock the treasure box based on what I know of that senior."

"It can't be broken by force?" Wang Ming asked.





Chapter 773 President Bai's Patron


"This Heavenly Dao Treasure Box is made from a special material. I've already tried breaking it many times, but it's never the least bit damaged; it can't be destroyed at all." Devil King shook his head.

As Devil King had said, the Heavenly Dao Treasure Box contained a secret that could revive the extinct holy beast race.

This was enough to prove that the thing hidden inside the Heavenly Dao Treasure Box had the power to change fate.

To open the box, Devil King had been persistently searching for the password, and based on what he knew about Heavenly Dao, he had been looking for clues in this assigned game.

Opening the box naturally wasn't going to be that easy.

"You can put in the password over and over again, but I don't know how long it is. I've tried hundreds of thousands of combinations over a thousand years ... None of them worked." Devil King sighed, his face a little despairing.

"Have you tried GCM?" Wang Ming said.

Devil King quickly searched his memory and then replied, "I tried this combination on the 14,522,356th time. Didn't work."

Everyone: " ... "

It was over. Even this wasn't the password ... It looked like breaking open the Heavenly Dao Treasure Box was a lot more complicated than they had imagined

"Is it a mix of numbers and English?" Wang Ming asked.

"I don't know for sure; it's also possible that it might be Eastern or Western cultivation runes," Devil King said. "But after exploring this game world all these years, I'm fairly certain the password is a mix of English, numbers, and Eastern cultivation runes, even if I haven't been able to completely decipher the clues."

"Then when will we be able to crack it?" There was already some despair on Xiao Yin's face.

He thought of the tale of Fengxian prefecture in the story "Journey to The West." Because the marquis of the prefecture offended the Jade Emperor, the entire prefecture was punished with a drought. It wouldn't rain until the chicken ate up all the rice, the dogs licked up all the flour, and the candles melted all the golden locks ... In a sense, the Jade Emperor in the story deliberately made it difficult for the marquis; this tricky problem presented by the person who had given Devil King this box was no different.

If it was just a combination of numbers and English, Devil King might have been able to decipher the password earlier on.

However, cultivation runes were actually mixed into it. Trying to solve this puzzle using his current train of thought would probably take him another ten thousand years.

"Can Your Majesty Beast King specifically describe what the person who gave you the Heavenly Dao Treasure Box looked like?" Zhuo Yi said.

Devil King recalled carefully, "The senior wrapped himself up very tightly and came well prepared. He wore a Daoist robe made from a material I had never seen before. My Devil Valley contains all the resources in the world, but I actually didn't recognize the material at all ... "

When Devil King said this, Zhuo Yi and Xiao Yin instantly thought of the girl in ancient attire whom Wang Ling had rescued from the belly of a kun. She was now still in a deep coma, and was being treated at Immortal Toya's place.

The Daoist robe she wore was made of a material that they had never seen before, and looked like quite an old style ...

Zhuo Yi and Xiao Yin both wondered whether there was a connection between the two.

"Does he have any distinguishing features?" Wang Ming continued with his questions.

"No."

Devil King shook his head. "That senior didn't want me to see him clearly. He was completely covered up in that Daoist robe, including his face and torso. When I used the Holy King Eye, he looked blurry, as if I was very short-sighted. The only thing I can be sure of was the look in this senior's eyes."

"What kind of look?" Everyone's curiosity was piqued.

"This senior had dead fish eyes," Devil King said.

Everybody: " ??? "

...

In Night Chief's general HQ, President Bai, who had returned from the grave, had started his grand plan for revival.

He locked Night Ghost Spirit Emperor up in the soul repository, and then directly declared his identity to everyone here.

He was Bai Zhe, President Bai of Night Chief. Not Night Ghost Spirit Emperor!

Anyone who disobeyed him would die.

Now that he had Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's body, he was a level nine True Immortal. This powerful body combined with the Creation Art took his formidable self-healing ability to even greater heights.

As Night Ghost Spirit Emperor had said, President Bai was ambitious - he would never be willing to live in someone else's shadow.

In fact, Night Ghost Spirit Emperor had been on guard against this since early on.

The best evidence of this was that when President Bai had initially gone looking for revenge by picking a fight with Wang Ling, Night Ghost Spirit Emperor deliberately hadn't stopped him.

Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's heart was as clear as a mirror that President Bai was in no way a match for that youngster.

He had wanted Wang Ling to do the dirty work and take down this mutinous President Bai, who was a blight on Night Chief; he had never thought that he would still be one step behind in the end, as Bai Zhe covertly used the power of Outer Dao to seize the opportunity for a counterattack.

"Any new developments?"

Inside Night Chief, President Bai propped his head up on one hand as he sat on the throne and stared at the rows of technical staff in front of him, his voice deep.

He was looking into all information related to Wang Ling - even a picture or the smallest clue would be good ...

He wanted to find out about everyone connected to Wang Ling: his family, his friends ...

And then, he would retaliate in full force.

Being killed off in revenge wasn't the most painful thing. He would make that youngster experience a deeper level of pain ...

"Yes, Lord Night Ghost Spirit Emperor ... "

An intelligence officer in the front replied. But as soon as the words left his mouth, the technician's face abruptly changed as he realized his error. President Bai had previously already made it clear that he wasn't Night Ghost Spirit Emperor now, but should be called: Venerable Bai.

But out of long habit, this poor intelligence officer had still failed to correct himself the moment he opened his mouth, resulting in this slip of the tongue.

Almost instantly, the whole of Night Chief HQ was enveloped in low pressure.

"I'll say it once more ... I, am Venerable Bai ... " President Bai said in a low voice.

With just one crook of his finger, the space around the technician who had misspoken instantly split open and his head was swallowed whole.

But in the next moment, golden light swirled around the stump of his neck, and the technician's head which had already been cut off reappeared on his body.

The resurrected technician was panic-stricken and felt his neck. There wasn't the slightest trace of a split. Everything was intact.

Everything that had just happened seemed like a dream.

He thought he was dead, but he came back to life?

"Killing a man over a trifle - too excessive, Bai Zhe ... " Following the technician's resurrection, a young-sounding voice rang out in the air.

This voice instantly caused President Bai to stand up from the throne.

There was no mistake. This was the voice of His Excellency Dao Master!

The man who had originally passed on the power of Outer Dao to him!





Chapter 774 Dao Master Wang


Before he arrived, the voice came first ...

President Bai was all too familiar with this Great Dao telepathy.

After President Bai stood up, he bowed down in the direction of the void, not daring to be disrespectful at all.

The next moment, a man dressed in black ancient clothes stepped out of the sky. His black outfit was a full-length robe which also completely concealed his face. The surrounding Night Chief technicians were so scared that they all stood up and bowed. Some of them peeped at this senior, but unfortunately, it felt like their line of sight was obscured by a thin layer of mist so that everything was unusually hazy.

The man stepped out of the sky. He did nothing more, and only stood there with an air of the greatest regality. The air ... no, all of heaven seemed to focus on him, and every move he made was full of heavenly majesty.

President Bai inexplicably shuddered. "Your Excellency Dao Master ... Why are you here?"

"To err is human ... It was an unintentional mistake, you should be more lenient ... " the man said lightly. He strolled unhurriedly to President Bai's side; the latter didn't even dare raise his head. .

President Bai: "What Your Excellency Dao Master says makes sense ... "

Then, the man directly sat down on the throne in President Bai's place and let out a soft breath.

This breath was like a spring breeze. and everyone, including President Bai, suddenly felt the pressure on their bodies lifted as the atmosphere turned less tense.

Insect Envoy Long Ming, Third President of Night Chief, was secretly shocked.

What a tremendous breath ...

This was a true expert. He could actually control pressure like this so freely, which felt a lot like being granted the mighty favor of the power of Heavenly Dao.

When President Bai had revived in Night Ghost Spirit Emperor's body and taken the top position, Long Ming, Fourth President and Fifth President had wondered who the patron behind President Bai was.

Now, seeing this person with his own eyes, Long Ming's cheeks couldn't help sweating. It was a good thing he hadn't conspired with Fourth President and Fifth President to rebel against President Bai's tyranny, otherwise there might not even be anything left of them now.

As Insect Envoy, Long Ming had a very strong perception ability. He cultivated the "Insect Jade Technique," which gave him the abilities of various types of insects.

And when it came to sensing danger, many insects were innately superior in this regard.

Comparing his own strength with this man in front of him, Long Ming could clearly sense that the other party could squash him dead like an ant with one finger.

This man looked gentle and easygoing, but he was a genuinely dangerous person.

And he had just heard President Bai call the man ...

Dao ... Master?

Above True Immortal level nine was the Venerated Immortal level.

What was this Dao Master realm?

Long Ming had to admit that he had never heard of it before.

Was there actually such a person in this world?

It wasn't just Long Ming, but everyone else present were also completely shaken.

"A thousand years ago, I foresaw that you would battle that thief, which was why I put all I had in you and pulled you up. However, I never taught you to willfully slaughter the innocent ... I hope that from now on, you'll exercise caution in your conduct. You only have one Outer Dao - if Heavenly Dao intends to destroy you, it'll just be a matter of minutes, " the man said telepathically as he gazed at President Bai from where he was sitting on the throne.

President Bai trembled all over at those bitingly cold dead fish eyes.

"I understand, Your Excellency Dao Master." President Bai didn't dare retort at all.

The gap in their strengths was too large ... this power wasn't even in the same universe at all, let alone the same dimension.

"I came this time because I already foresaw your movements. I also want to ask you: what did it feel like when you fought that thief?" the man asked telepathically.

"Your Excellency Dao Master, his strength is just as you said. He's a very difficult opponent ... Also, during our fight, he revealed no less than a thousand Heavenly Dao ... "

One thousand Heavenly Dao ...

The man grit his teeth and instantly clenched his fist before slamming it down on the arm of the throne. "As I thought, it's him ...

"Then, what do you plan to do next?'

"This junior ... wants to amass the power of Outer Dao before seeking revenge on him," President Bai said truthfully.

"Unless you can gather six Great Outer Dao, you are no match for him. That wasn't all of his strength ... " The man trailed off after saying this.

"This junior has a question, if I may ask ... " President Bai looked up at that moment.

"I know what you want to ask."

The man waved his hand. "What you want to ask is, what did this person steal from me? Is that right?"

President Bai nodded. "Your Excellency Dao Master, you have incredible foresight, as expected ... "

"Since it's come to this point, there's no harm in telling you some of it."

The man narrowed his eyes. "There is a godly domain called Nine-fold Star outside the Milky Way, right in the center of the universe. It is a place where the people of Heavenly Dao gather, and was founded by the first Dao Master to comprehend five hundred Heavenly Dao. On Nine-fold Star, children are now born with at least five Heavenly Dao."

President Bai was amazed. "There is actually such a place ... "

"At your current realm, you are a very lofty level nine True Immortal in your world. But on Nine-fold Star, you are nothing more than a regular person in comparison." The man waved his hand and smiled slightly. "In your world, apart from this thief whom I've been tracking, the person closest to Nine-fold Star is Immortal Zhenyuan ... I foresee that it is likely that this person will surpass his own limits in this lifetime, and ascend to Nine-fold Star."

Immortal Zhenyuan ...

President Bai heard yet another familiar name.

"Then based on what senior is saying, the realm above Venerated Immortal is..."

"The levels above Venerated Immortal are based on the number of Heavenly Dao one has. A Dao Immortal has between one hundred and five hundred Heavenly Dao. A Dao Master has between five hundred and a thousand Heavenly Dao ... and if you can cultivate three thousand Heavenly Dao, you become a Dao Ancestor ... "

Hearing this, President Bai already had some idea. "Then this thief whom senior speaks of ... could it be that he stole your Heavenly Dao?"

"That's right."

The man sighed. "If I can seize the Heavenly Dao back from him ... I have a good chance of becoming a Dao Ancestor. But unfortunately, it isn't enough to rely on just Heavenly Dao to deal with him at present. Heavenly Dao and Outer Dao aren't compatible with each other, which is the reason why I had you master Outer Dao when I picked you."

Although he didn't quite understand the connection between Heavenly Dao and Outer Dao, President Bai was still astounded.

"Is there anyone who can merge the two?'

"There is no such person ... unless it's the founder of our Nine-fold Star, Dao Ancestor Wang, who is known as the Immortal King ... This man once merged Heavenly Dao and Outer Dao together, but unfortunately, he was unable to achieve a balance between the two, and ultimately died from the conflict between them."

The man shook his head, then fixed his eyes on President Bai. "Also, stop calling me senior; it sounds strange and I'm not used to it... you can call me: Dao Master Wang..."





Chapter 775 Flower Farmer Brothers


Dao Master Wang's appearance wasn't an accident. The truth was that when the girl in the kun's belly had first appeared, Wang Ling had already had a hunch that someone was looking for him, and that this person's strength wasn't ordinary; at least, of all the people Wang Ling had ever come across so far, he had never met this sort of person.

Sitting on the throne in Night Chief's general HQ, Dao Master Wang only had to give President Bai a brief look to know what he was thinking.

President Bai didn't expect Dao Master Wang's next words to directly shatter his overall plan for revenge.

"You want revenge, I want to catch the thief ... It is more than good enough to accomplish these, there is no need to involve anyone else," Dao Master Wang said.

Using the excuse of carrying out inspections, he had come down from Nine-fold Star to the mortal world time and again to look for that thief who had stolen a number of his Heavenly Dao. Every move he made had to be done in secret, and it was for this reason that he had developed his top chess piece in the mortal world: President Bai.

He had to keep this chess piece under control; it would be bad if it went overboard and broke away from the chessboard, and cause the people on Nine-fold Star to accuse him of misconduct.

Wang Zhen considered himself a cautious man.

Faced with this formidable Dao Master Wang, President Bai was angry, but didn't dare speak out.

After all, there was a huge gap in strength.

Wang Zhen saw that Bai Zhe was unconvinced in his heart, so he gave Bai Zhe a sidelong glance and said lightly, "If you want to inherit the full power of Outer Dao, your mind must be clear of all distractions, otherwise you won't be able to combine the six Great Outer Dao together, and the first person to suffer will be you. It's for your own good."

President Bai was blank since he didn't feel that being free of distracting thoughts had anything to do with comprehending Outer Dao.

Of the two of them, one wanted revenge while the other wanted to catch the thief ... ultimately, they were both distractions!

Bai Zhe wasn't a fool, and could tell that Dao Master Wang had misgivings.

Nine-fold Star was known as the domain of the gods ...

It definitely had to be inconvenient for Dao Master Wang to descend to the mortal world in order to capture the thief, which was why Bai Zhe had come to his attention.

Hence, after pondering for only a short while, Bai Zhe quickly acquiesced. "What Dao Master Wang said has merit, this junior will remember it."

Before drawing on Dao Master Wang's power to obtain the genuine and consummate power of Outer Dao, Bai Zhe could endure it for a while. With Dao Master Wang backing him, his revenge was only a matter of time.

"As long as you listen to me, you absolutely won't regret it."

When Bai Zhe lifted his head again, he heard Dao Master Wang Zhen's light voice. It sounded very ethereal, as if it was coming from everywhere around Bai Zhe all at once.

"You're not weak when it comes to talent, but even then, you will never be able to touch the domain of the gods in your entire lifetime. Taking a gamble and amassing the six Great Outer Dao is thus the only way. But you must remember that you have to be patient and not the least bit rowdy. I've seen too many youngsters like you who were initially promising geniuses, but were too anxious to get things done, and in the end ran into setbacks. Whether it is Heavenly Dao or Outer Dao, we need to view these nomological powers with reverence."

Wang Zhen explained the main reason to Bai Zhe very patiently. He could see that Bai Zhe was a very impatient person. If he didn't explain it clearly to him now, it was more than likely that some unexpected mishap would happen in the future.

Bai Zhe was silent.

He wasn't a person who liked to listen to reason, but under Dao Master Wang's systematic and patient guidance, it seemed that he had calmed down quite a bit, which was very strange.

Actually, this was because when Wang Zhen had started to speak earlier, he had cast the "Great Calming Spell."

This technique could force a person's mood to revert back to normal. No matter how distressed, angry, or aroused you were ... the moment this spell was cast, you would calm down. Even if you had taken Viagra, you would ultimately become limp.

"Then, does Dao Master Wang have a plan after this?"

Bai Zhe raised his head to look very respectfully at Wang Zhen.

"Of course."

Wang Zhen nodded. "There is a limit to how long I can come down here to carry out an inspection, but when I'm on Nine-fold Star, I never stop investigating and searching. Recently, I was inspired by new cooks hired by my family."

"Cook?"

"That's right, these two new cooks are brothers called Flower Farmer Brothers1. They used to farm in the outskirts on Nine-fold Star, and are famous for raising spirit rats. Furthermore, they came up with different excuses for eating the spirit rats, who might have been fighting, or were fat, depressed, beautiful or rutting. They stewed the rats, fried them, boiled them ... they cooked them in all kinds of twisted ways."

1(Derived from the popular live streaming duo "Chinese Farmer Brothers" who raise bamboo rats for food.) "All ... kinds of twisted ways?"

"It was this point that caught my attention, and I spent a lot of money to hire them. I also invested a huge sum into helping them publish a book called 100 Million Ways to Cook Spirit Rats. If you're interested, I can bring this book to show you later. Whether it's in the world below or above, nutritious food is the trend, so there's no harm in learning some cooking skills, and it's actually useful ... "

Bai Zhe: " ... "

"Oh, my apologies, I've digressed."

Speaking up to this point, Dao Master Wang seemed to feel that he had strayed from the main topic, and hastily came back to it. "It was only when I hired these two brothers that I learned that their ancestors used to raise vicious beasts. Unfortunately, the family later fell on hard times and was unable to bear the massive costs of breeding vicious beasts. And so, they sold their farm and then raised spirit rats as the next best thing. After I found out, I took over a vicious beast farm and gave it to them."

"What are they raising?"

"Kun."

"..."

"In line with the brothers raising kun, I specially gave this fishery the name Golden Kun Farm, and I hired an experienced farm manager with the nickname Full Metal Shell Case2.

2(The pseudonym of an author who writes farming novels..) Bai Zhe was startled as he felt the name was somehow a little familiar!

"After that, my venerable self took advantage of these two brothers' breeding techniques and started a business selling kun. And the results have been pretty good! We had a net profit of over ten billion in the first quarter!"

"..."

"Of course, we encountered some mishaps in raising kun. In the beginning, the more unruly breeds would fight each other during the mating season. But things improved after the Flower Farm Brothers intervened, and like the spirit rats previously, all the kun that fought were eaten."

"..."

"Also, in breeding the kun, there were some that came out ugly or with bad skin. My venerable self used these ones to explore space. I released a number of them in the demon world and the human world to investigate that thief's whereabouts. My efforts weren't in vain; after dozens of attempts, I finally obtained new results!"





Chapter 776 The Kun Is so Big, Might as Well Add Salt to Make It Hot and Spicy


"New results?"

"That's right." Wang Zhen nodded. "In addition to finding what I was looking for, I also discovered a new breed of kun during my space probe, called the air kun. This kun tastes like vegetables, and so is called a vegetable kun, or vegetable air kun.

(A literal translation of "cai xukun," the name of a Chinese pop idol who was accused of being too "effeminate" to star in an NBA promo ad ..) "..."

President Bai was secretly fearful when he heard this story.

Prehistoric vicious beasts were a species that had already become extinct on Earth a very long time ago. In the end, they were living in large numbers in the world above, and someone had even opened a kun farm.

As it was said, "A kun is too big for a pot ...

"The tender and fragrant meat tastes like wax ... might as well add salt and turn it into a hot and spicy dish."

This was a very well-known poem by an Almighty who was describing the taste of a kun after eating it.

And it was precisely because of this poem that most people thought ...

The kun wasn't tasty ...

But the fact was that they had just chosen the wrong breed.

According to Dao Master Wang, there was a diverse range of kun breeds, and the ones which he used to fish around and explore space with were low-grade, mutated scavenger kun.

"What does Dao Master Wang mean?"

"My venerable self has already ascertained the thief's whereabouts, and I intend to capture him in the next few days." Wang Zhen took a deep breath. For the longest time, he had been painstakingly searching for the thief who had stolen his Heavenly Dao, despite his clan's objections.

He was invincible on Nine-fold Star, and all these years had defeated everyone under heaven, except for a single person ...

The reason for his defeat was that he had too few Heavenly Dao. As long as he wrested back his Heavenly Dao, he would at the very least be able to fight that man to a draw.

At this point, Wang Zhen raised his hand to produce a ball of blue-green light. In an instant, it was as if the whole of Night Chief general HQ was enveloped in peace and tranquility, like a force of nature had been generated in Wang Zhen's hand.

He seemed like a man who controlled the laws of nature; it was just a small ball of light, but it seemed to contain the godly power of heaven and earth within it.

After a few seconds, this ball of spirit light spread out in the air to take the shape of a map marked with dots of light.

"While I was using the low-grade kun to explore space, I also looked for some locations where the power of Outer Dao might appear. You'll have to collect and comprehend the power of Outer Dao yourself. They are the only laws of nature that can take material form. You need to find them and conquer them one by one. However, there are quite a number of places marked on the map. You should think it over and search them slowly."

"Many thanks, Dao Master Wang, this junior understands," President Bai said.

Wang Zhen then waved his hand and tossed several marble-like magic artifacts to President Bai. "These are law-catching balls. There is a button in the center of each ball; tapping it will cause the ball to enlarge. You'll need these balls to catch Outer Dao. The six Great Outer Dao are like the five elements, and exist in mutual subjugation to one another. You have already mastered the most unique Outer Dao, the 'Power of Reverse Polarity.' I don't need to remind you what to do next, do I?"

"Of course, this junior will not disappoint Your Excellency Dao Master." President Bai was utterly delighted.

As Wang Zhen said, what President Bai had to do next naturally was to create a snowball effect with the Outer Dao he had. The power of Outer Dao existed in mutual subjugation to one another. Thus, as long as he could successfully collect two Outer Dao, the other four would involuntarily fall into his hands. It was now only a matter of time ...

"You have to be careful. Patience, patience ... be more patient. As for the rest, my venerable self has nothing else for you to take note of." Wang Zhen sighed.

To be honest, Wang Zhen was skeptical as to whether Bai Zhe could collect all the six Great Outer Dao.

Although he had already tracked down clues about Wang Ling, for some reason, he had a bad feeling.

But for the time being, he didn't dare return to Nine-fold Star right away ...

Even if things ultimately didn't work out on Earth, he would go for a walk outside the Milky Way first.

Wang Zhen lifted his head and gazed into the air in one direction.

That was the direction Nine-fold Star was in.

At that very moment ...

He could more or less guess that the Liu family was looking for him everywhere on Nine-fold Star.

The Liu family was currently ranked third in strength on Nine-fold Star.

To stand against the Gu family, whose strength put them firmly in first place, Wang Zhen's father had thought of allying with the Liu family through marriage - but the problem was that Wang Zhen didn't like the young miss of the Liu family!

Thus, while Wang Zhen had found leads on Wang Ling, he hadn't truly planned to deal with the latter when he came down this time.

Before Bai Zhe had completely gathered all the power of Outer Dao, Wang Zhen would wait and see for a bit.

Once Bai Zhe had gathered all this power and forced that thief to use all his strength, Wang Zhen would decide then whether or not to make a move.

So, his purpose for coming down to the world below this time ...

Was ostensibly to look for the thief ...

When it was in fact to escape marriage.

...

Elsewhere, in Beast King's tomb, everyone was still researching ways to open the Heavenly Dao Treasure Box.

As Devil King had said, the password to open the box was more complicated than they had imagined. Even if they worked together for another ten thousand years, they wouldn't be able to break the code this way. Hence, in the end, their only hope was to destroy the Heavenly Dao Treasure Box by force.

"Let me try." Finally, Zhuo Yi stared at the box and sighed.

"You?" Devil King was skeptical.

Then he saw Zhuo Yi directly kneel to the sky. "Lord Jingke! Grant me strength!"

Seeing this, Xiao Yin and the others patted their heads. They had almost forgotten that in order to protect Zhuo Yi, Wang Ling had permitted him to summon Jingke in his hour of need - but only once a day.

And so, when a brown spirit light directly streaked through the sky from afar to reach the tomb, and directly penetrated the mind space, even Devil King couldn't help jumping in fright.

... What kind of sword was this?

He couldn't see through it ...

He couldn't see through it at all ...

Also, the moment he saw this brown peach wood sword, Devil King somehow unexpectedly had a sense of the senior who had given him the Heavenly Dao Treasure Box back then.

"Where did this sword come from ... " Devil King asked, and it seemed to Xiao Yin that his voice was trembling.

As Jingke's number one fan, Luo Chuang looked like a girl who had seen her idol. "Ah ah ah! My Lord Jingke! Lord Jingke! After cutting through this Heavenly Dao Treasure Box, give me a good spanking!"

But his words were directly ignored by everyone else.

"This is Lord Jingke, my shifu's exclusive sword," Zhuo Yi said to Devil King as he received Jingke with both hands.





Chapter 777 The Domain of the Gods: Nine-fold Star


This was a sword that Beast King had never seen before ... Devil King felt a deep sense of terror just wondering about the identity of the spirit sword's owner.

The reason for this -

- was because he had definitely smelled the scent on this peach wood sword somewhere before ...

"Did Your Majesty Beast King remember something?" Zhuo Yi asked when he saw the contemplative look on Devil King's face.

Zhuo Yi didn't know anything about Jingke's origins, but he was one of the few people present who had experienced the profound strength of the peach wood sword. In the Master of Immortal Mansion's intrinsic spirit field back then, Jingke had revealed the formidable battle strength of the king of sword spirits, while that World-Annihilating Sword in the confrontation with Evil Sword God had been even more terrifying.

Since things had come to this point, Devil King felt that he had nothing to hide.

Because everything he was doing was for the sake of opening this Heavenly Dao Treasure Box. He had struggled hard in the game just to find hidden clues. Now, he was actually seeing hope once more in this magical peach wood sword, as if it was some light in the darkness.

"I once felt an aura very similar to the aura that this Lord Jingke exudes, in a particular place," Devil King said calmly. "I don't know if you have heard of the legendary place known as the Domain of the Gods ... "

For a moment, everyone fell into deep thought. Zhuo Yi had borne witness to a number of major events one after another in recent months, and had even captured a number of bigwigs himself, but compared with the people around him, his experiences were still too shallow, so naturally he hadn't heard of it. It was the same for Luo Chuang, who despite having eight hundred years more on Zhuo Yi, was only now hearing about this "Domain of the Gods" for the first time.

"What is this place?" Xiao Yin asked. "I think I've seen it in the books of my clan as a kid ... but it wasn't explained in detail."

When Xiao Yin said this, Zhuo Yi and Luo Chuang both looked at him.

The holy beast race had always had long lifespans. While this eight thousand-year-old baby didn't seem very mature, he actually knew quite a lot.

There thus was indeed a reason why some cultivators chased a long life so persistently.

If you lived long enough, you would certainly experience different things ...

"The Domain of the Gods ... the rumor is that this is a godly domain that you can ascend to as long as you possess a certain number of Heavenly Dao."

"Domain of the Gods? Is there really such a place?" Wang Ming was skeptical.

"I once had the same disbelieving expression on my face, but after His Majesty Fourth Generation Beast King passed on the position of king of the holy beasts to me, my doubts were dispelled ... the Domain of the Gods does exist, but it is well outside the Milky Way," Devil King said.

Wang Ming understood right away at these words.

If this place truly was outside the Milky Way, then there really was nothing to say.

Given the current level of science and technology, all the satellite probes launched the world over could only explore up to roughly one hundred light years outside the Milky Way.

In his search for Drought Star, Immortal Zhenyuan didn't even cover a tenth of the space outside the Milky Way ... To fly beyond the Milky Way would take a Venerated Immortal at least ten thousand years of his life.

Immortal Zhenyuan made just one round trip to find Drought Star, which didn't even cover a tenth of the distance, but had taken him a whole two thousand years.

If the Domain of the Gods did indeed exist, then would there be guys like Wang Ling there?

That, in fact, was Wang Ming's main concern.

He felt that he had really struck the jackpot with this trip into Beast King's tomb this time.

At the very least, he had uncovered one more avenue to explore in his study of Wang Ling's primordial qi.

As long as he could invent a magic treasure that could travel beyond the Milky Way to reach the Domain of the Gods in his lifetime, there might be a way to solve the problem of Wang Ling's control over his primordial qi.

"The rumor is that the realm above Venerated Immortal is Dao Immortal, but there are very strict requirements concerning the number of Heavenly Dao a person must have. Even I am not very clear on this point." Devil King shook his head. The power of the king of holy beasts could be cumulatively passed on from one generation to the next, but after four generations, Devil King's strength was only at Venerated Immortal level.

Although he had more than twenty Heavenly Dao on him, he was obviously still far from the standard for a Dao Immortal.

"Is there a way to reach the Domain of the Gods?" Wang Ming continued asking.

Wang Ming paid more attention to this matter since it had to do with Wang Ling.

The Domain of the Gods ...

He felt that Wang Ling's, and even Jingke's secrets might be explained in that place.

In addition, Wang Ming felt that he needed to expand his knowledge when he returned later.

Cultivators on Earth had long viewed themselves as the center of the universe.

He believed that most people, including many current True Immortals, probably didn't know of the existence of the Domain of the Gods.

Take the Ten Founding Generals for example. How would they feel if they knew that there was an even more heaven-defying Domain of the Gods far beyond the Milky Way?

It would be very difficult for them to reach the Domain of the Gods with their current strength, but Wang Ming thought it was certainly possible for those Dao Immortals from the Domain of the Gods to come down to Earth if they wanted to.

Thus followed the question ...

Right now, on Earth, were there any Almightys from the Domain of the Gods who were observing them in the dark?

How wide was the civilization gap between the Domain of the Gods and Earth?

These were all questions that Wang Ming felt he really had to think about.

While Wang Ming pondered, Zhuo Yi raised a question. "If there really were people on Earth who met the set standard number of Heavenly Dao and ascended to the Domain of the Gods, why isn't there any information on this at all?"

"If their ascension caught them off guard, they naturally wouldn't have left any information behind, and would be just another missing person. Every year, every month ... even every day, people go missing for no reason in this world and no one knows where they've gone. Besides, there are even fewer records of rumors about the Domain of the Gods on Earth, so naturally, fewer people know of it," Devil King said.

"But to enter the Domain of the Gods ... I indeed did hear of a way to do so from the last king of holy beasts. If you truly can break open the Heavenly Dao Treasure Box, I'll tell you everything," Devil King said.

"That's easy."

Zhuo Yi nodded.

He then raised the peach wood sword high with both hands. "Lord Jingke, it's up to you!"

In just a few seconds, Jingke's sword body started to tremble slightly.

Suddenly, the brown spirit light transformed into a child dressed in a brown tunic and white robe that hovered in front of their eyes.

"Lord Jingke's true form !!! " Luo Chuang nearly fainted from excitement.

At the same time, Beast King shivered all over at the aura Jingke was emitting, his whole body freezing up.

He watched as this sword spirit, who looked just like a ten-year-old boy, walked slowly over to the Heavenly Dao Treasure Box and stretched out his little hand to stroke it, before abruptly gripping it, as if he was squeezing a walnut ...

Crack ...

There was a cracking sound from the Heavenly Dao Treasure Box ..





Chapter 778 Liar Wang


Devil King's face lit up with rare excitement at the sound of the Heavenly Dao Treasure Box breaking. He never expected that they would really be able to break it open.

When the treasure box broke, dazzling golden light suddenly burst out of the cracks, blinding everyone.

Devil King struggled to open the Holy King Eye to clearly see what on earth was inside the box.

However, it seemed that he had underestimated the aura of the Domain of the Gods contained within the Heavenly Dao Treasure Box. It was like a formless smokescreen occupying the inside of the box. The instant the box was opened, the aura flowed along the cracks - he actually couldn't see through this golden light at all with the power of his Holy King Eye.

"Golden light?"

While they had yet to clearly see what was inside the box, everyone present had amazed expressions on their faces.

Given this momentum...

The thing sealed inside definitely wasn't ordinary!

"Can our holy beast race really be saved?!" Xiao Yin was extremely emotional.

From the moment he saw Devil King and learned that the grand king of holy beasts was still alive, he had been holding in his feelings all this time.

Now, they flared even higher.

What on earth could be inside the box?

A heaven-defying magic treasure that could change fate, or reverse and change everything?

A magic array?

Or a special skill?

Could it be the legendary "Wang Jingze Fried Rice 1 "?

1(Refers to a spoilt teenager on a variety show who was forced to stay in the countryside. After insisting he would rather die or starve than eat the poor food, he changed his tune after eating fried rice and praising it with 真香, "smells good." This has become a meme to mock someone for doing an about face.) Xiao Yin was extremely curious.

The golden light emanating from the Heavenly Dao Treasure Box lasted for roughly two or three minutes. Finally, the glow from the broken treasure box faded, and the inside of the box was laid bare to everyone's gazes.

In the end, everyone was blank.

Because.

There was nothing inside the box...

"Empty?"

Xiao Yin scratched his head and looked a little frantic. "How can that be..."

"Tsk..." Wang Ming cocked an eyebrow, as if he had realized something.

"Could it be that this box wasn't meant to be opened by force? Or the instant it opened, the thing inside transformed... falling once it touches gold, withering once it touches wood, melting once it touches water, burning once it touches fire, sinking once it touches earth 2 ? Is it possible that it turned into a butterfly and flew away like the Fragrant Concubine in some TV show 3 ?" Luo Chuang said.

2(A description of ginseng fruit from "Journey to the West.")

3(From the TV drama "Princess Pearl..") "... Impossible." Devil King shook his head and sighed with a face full of disappointment. "While I couldn't clearly see what was inside the box, I would still have sensed if something had come out..."

Wang Ming wore a thoughtful expression, chin in hand. Looking at this outcome, it was very clear that this Heavenly Dao Treasure Box was just a scam...

However, since the Heavenly Dao Treasure Box was from someone of the Domain of the Gods, that Daoist must have his own true objective.

Although, Wang Ming still didn't know exactly what that objective was...

Was there really a way to revive the holy beasts in this world? If so, then what was this empty box suggesting? Pouring cold water on the holy beast race after offering hope... Wang Ming was astonished that there could be such an unreasonable person in this world.

Or, was this all simply for the sake of buying time? Perhaps it really was possible to revive the holy beast race, but to prevent Devil King from discovering the secret of this revival, this person had set up this scam so that Devil King would be stuck in the game world looking for clues for a thousand years.

Devil King had been trying so hard for a thousand years, and this was the ending he finally got in return...

He was naturally unsatisfied, but even then, what could he do?

That was an Almighty from the Domain of the Gods; Devil King hadn't had any other choice except to believe him.

At least, when he had practically fallen into despair back then after learning that the holy beast race had become extinct, it was this Heavenly Dao Treasure Box that had given him hope and courage to continue living.

Perhaps this had been a well-meaning white lie?

At this thought, there was immediately some relief on Devil King's face. The king of holy beasts should have the bearing of one.

In comparison, however, Xiao Yin looked a lot more upset. He refused to believe such an ending... The most important thing was that he realized he had been tricked again!

Back then, he had also been duped into joining Immortal Mansion by the Master of Immortal Mansion! They clearly hadn't had the means to cure Miss Ya Xuan, but he had foolishly believed that a miracle would happen... So he had become a thug for Immortal Mansion for a period of time.

He realized that it seemed he was prone to being tricked!

Where was the most basic trust between people?!

"Look!" Just then, Zhuo Yi picked up a splinter of the box. "There seems to be an inscription on this fragment?"

Everyone turned to look at it. Devil King took a closer look and found that it was a character in the language of the immortals. If it was translated... it read as "Wang."

"Do the other fragments have words on them?" Wang Ming asked.

Zhuo Yi examined all the fragments on the ground and then shook his head. "Only this one."

"If I'm guessing correctly, this character... should represent the surname of the box's owner," Luo Chuang said suddenly.

"Why do you think so?"

"This Heavenly Dao Treasure Box clearly isn't an ordinary item. Its creator would definitely have left his mark on this magic treasure when he created it, like a signature. But this method is really a little old-fashioned. Nowadays, most craftsmen don't sign them."

"Why is that?"

"Because when a magic treasure is resold, some resellers will engrave it with their own names. If a magic treasure changes hands many times, there will often be a string of names left on it. By then, it's no longer clear who the actual creator is," Luo Chuang said. "Thus, what most craftsmen do now is to engrave their magic artifacts with a QR code!"

"..."

"Plus, the QR code is designed to be placed inside the magic artifact, and its overall quality is very special, so it won't fade easily. It's no use even if you try to cover it up. This is now the most reliable way of preventing forgeries. Signatures and whatnot are long outdated. On the flip-side, this does show that this senior is very old!"

"..."

"His last name is Wang." At that moment, Devil King revealed the translation of that immortal character.

The result stunned everyone...

Because they remembered that Devil King had said earlier that this senior expert had dead fish eyes, and now his surname proved to be Wang...

If this was a game of "guess who" among friends, the first person most people would think of was Wang Ling!

How could it be such a coincidence?

"Liar Wang!!" Xiao Yin grit his teeth with some resentment on his face. "The same surname Wang, and the same dead fish eyes... but how can their characters be so different?"

Xiao Yin couldn't understand it.

Everyone: "..."

"How can you be so sure it isn't Ling Zhenren?" Luo Chuang asked.

Xiao Yin: "Don't talk rubbish... There isn't even the faintest scent of crispy noodle snacks inside this box at all!"

"..."

"Plus, Master's handwriting is so much better!!!!"

"..."





Chapter 779 Jingke's Scabbard


For the exploration party that had entered Beast King's tomb this time, this was an unavoidably sorry ending.

For Xiao Yin in particular, it was a heavy blow.

One could imagine how he felt as his hope, already rekindled, was once again extinguished.

After the group left Devil King's mindscape, he woke up from his long sleep. This time, however, he would never enter the game world again.

After a thousand years of searching for clues in the game, he had played it to the point of almost throwing up... He never wanted to see this game again.

"What is Your Majesty Beast King going to do next?" Wang Ming asked Devil King.

"I haven't left this place for a long time; the world is so big, I want to go out and take a look around..."

Instead of giving a direct answer, Devil King took out a small box studded with various kinds of precious stones and gave it to Xiao Yin. "Young man, the Heavenly Dao Treasure Box didn't tell us the secret to reviving the holy beast race, but that doesn't mean that it isn't possible to do so. There is still hope."

Xiao Yin raised his head and took the small box, lost in thought.

Devil King gazed at him. "You've already found a very good patron. Open this small box after you go back; there are instructions inside."

"What's in here?" Xiao Yin asked curiously.

"A holy beast's cultivation progresses very slowly. For you to now already be a fifth-class holy beast at eight thousand years old is already not easy. This contains a secret technique which can increase your cultivation rate. However, according to the rules of the holy beast race, only holy beasts are allowed to read it. Since these are all your friends, I will overlook it. Qin Lang will come and retrieve this box a year later. During that time, you must protect this box well, understand?"

"Yes." Xiao Yin nodded.

With that, Devil King looked at the others. "I promised to tell you how to reach the Domain of the Gods - the answer is also in this box. After Xiao Yin is done studying it, he should more or less understand. You can discuss it with him in the future."

"In that case, many thanks, Your Majesty Beast King." Zhuo Yi and Wang Ming were overjoyed when they heard this.

"Oh, that's right, can I ask for one more thing?" Xiao Yin asked.

In fact, he was asking for Luo Chuang, who was on the side.

"What do you want?" Devil King's voice was very gentle.

"One Thousand Dried Bone."

Xiao Yin was very straightforward, then turned to look at Luo Chuang next to him. "This man is a craftsman and he's working on Lord Jingke's scabbard. He needs the One Thousand Dried Bone as supplementary material."

Devil King understood instantly. "That's easy. I'll have Qin Lang select a few good ones for you. The purest resources in Beast King's Remains are in fact inside this tomb, and Qin Lang has been responsible for taking care of them all these years."

"I will do as Your Majesty Beast King commands." Qin Lang promptly nodded when he heard that.

"I don't actually need so much..." Luo Chuang felt a little embarrassed.

"No need to be polite." Devil King waved one paw the size of a small mountain. "Lord Jingke solved a one thousand-year-old problem for me. This small bit of help is nothing. Besides, creating a scabbard for Lord Jingke won't be easy. Having more materials on hand will help improve your success rate."

Luo Chuang laughed. "In that case, it would be impolite of me to refuse!"

Qin Lang was suddenly a little curious. "Lord Jingke never had a scabbard to begin with?"

Luo Chuang shook his head. "No, he doesn't. I've always wanted to make one for him."

"Have you picked the main material?" Qin Lang asked.

"Amitayus wood," Luo Chuang replied.

"I don't think that's enough." Qin Lang shook his head. "If you want to make Lord Jingke's scabbard, it would at the very least have to be put together with the wood of the three godly trees. I can supply you with some Qin wood. As for the Holy Sky tree... as far as I know, after it became extinct in this world, only one person has saplings of the Holy Sky tree. But this person's whereabouts are a mystery, and it's very difficult to find him... and whether he will give it to you or not is another problem."

"Who is he?" Wang Ming asked.

Qin Lang's face was very solemn. "This man's Daoist name is: Immortal Zhenyuan..."

"..."

...

A few days later, it was Friday August 4th in the fifteenth week of the semester.

On the last day of the joint school summer camp in the remains, Wang Ming made a resplendent entrance in front of all the students in his overbearing "Wang Ling One."

Surprised cries rang out among the students.

"What the hell, who is that?"

"Teacher... Lao Gudong Xiaoer."

"What?! How did Lao Gudong Xiaoer come back as Iron Man after going missing?"

So, were they filming a movie?

Many students were shocked at this scene, but of all the people in the training square, it was the teachers who were the most astonished and stunned. When Wang Ming showed up in the company of Zhuo Yi's party, who had been sent to check out the suspicious coordinates, the teachers, including Wu Zhenjun, couldn't help but gape.

They were dumbstruck by this magic treasure mecha armor suit and its super high-tech attributes.

"Lao Gudong Xiaoer, are you alright?"

"Are you kidding, how could something happen to me? Besides, through this experience, I succeeded in comprehending a legendary spell. I combined the two first-rate spirit techniques, 'Lion's Roar' and 'One Yang Finger,' into one1 ..."

1(A line from the Chinese film comedy "Never Say Die..") Everybody: "???"

In the sky, Wang Ming shook his head, and then stuck up one middle finger at Wu Zhenjun. "You, bring it on!!!"

Wu Zhenjun: "Lao Gudong Xiaoer, don't play around..."

Everyone could see that Wang Ming seemed a little different, but they couldn't exactly say how... hm, that was, if you weren't counting how he had become more confident and chuuni...

Most people here didn't know Wang Ming's true identity. But in the end, all the teachers this time were gold medal teachers from various schools who had been carefully picked by Huaxiu Alliance. Their strength and experience were beyond question. Many students saw this Lao Gudong Xiaoer as just one of these gold medal teachers, but that was the problem - most people didn't know that Wang Ming in fact wasn't a cultivator, but an ordinary person.

To ensure Wang Ming's safety, the head of state had communicated this problem to Wu Zhenjun before the start of the summer camp.

Now, the first thing Wang Ming did after returning was to actually challenge him.

Wu Zhenjun didn't know where Wang Ming's courage came from as an ordinary person...

Should he fight him or not? Wu Zhenjun didn't know what to do at all.

He knew Wang Ming's identity, and was even more aware that the head of state valued Wang Ming highly.

Wu Zhenjun bowed to Wang Ming, politely refusing Wang Ming's request to do battle. "Since Lao Gudong Xiaoer has returned safely, this is a happy thing worth celebrating."

Huaxiu nation's secret weapon, the hidden most powerful brain, and the only disciple of one of the Ten Founding Generals, Wisdom Saint President Qi - in the end, even if Wang Ming was a cultivator with roughly the same level of strength, how could Wu Zhenjun make a move in the face of these multiple important identities?

The entire time, the head of state watched them secretly on the side. He knew that given Wang Ming's character, the latter would never do anything he wasn't prepared for. The head of state deduced that this brand new mecha armor which Wang Ming was wearing was probably something he had developed on the spot when he had been in danger. Wearing this mecha armor magic treasure meant that Wang Ming had battle strength.

What wasn't clear was just how much battle strength he had.

As the "chief instructor" among the lead teachers, Wu Zhenjun's strength naturally wasn't in question, and he was already a level one Itinerant Immortal.

Could Wang Ming truly take on an Itinerant Immortal in a fight with just a mecha armor suit?

The head of state lowered his eyes as he watched quietly from a distance. He was very curious in his heart.





Chapter 780 A Futuristic Invention


Just as the head of state and President Qi expected of Wang Ming, he would never do anything that he wasn't sure of.

Thus, the head of state didn't do anything to stop Wang Ming.

On one hand, this could be considered a performance test for the mecha armor which Wang Ming had put together ad hoc.

Actually, the head of state was very curious about how well this suit of armor could perform. Could it really stand up to an Itinerant Immortal? Even if it could only withstand a few blows, that would already be considered a major breakthrough... Because the man controlling the armor was a regular person! In the future, once this suit of armor reached the point of mass production, even a regular person who harbored dreams of cultivation could rely on this armor to navigate the cultivation world.

This was a new invention that could change the future.

On top of that, the head of state intended to take advantage of Wu Zhenjun's duel with Wang Ming to find that mysterious expert hiding among the lead teachers. There was still half an hour to go before the space exit for Beast King's Remains opened. That mystery man had to still be here.

With everyone gathered here now, the mystery man had to be here, too.

The head of state might be able to find some clues...

"Your Excellency Head of State..." President Qi's inquiry was already coming through the head of state's headset since the command center had yet to receive clear-cut instructions about whether to stop the duel or not.

"Little Qiqi, don't worry, I'll control the situation, and when necessary, I'll sort the both of them out properly," the head of state swiftly replied.

...

Wu Zhenjun didn't move, and only lifted his head to look at Wang Ming in the sky. He was hoping that at best, one of the teachers on the scene would come forward to intervene so that at the very least it wouldn't look too embarrassing and would create a way out for both sides.

But the problem was, no teacher came forward to dissuade them...

Because just a few seconds ago, President Qi had responded to the head of state's command by sending out the latest instructions. The command center was directly connected to all the teachers on the scene except Wu Zhenjun via their headsets, and they were told not to stop them.

Naturally... only Wu Zhenjun was unaware of this order.

Wu Zhenjun waited for a moment before the expression on his face turned somewhat embarrassed. He took a deep breath, then said to Wang Ming in a deep voice, "Lao Gudong Xiaoer... it's still not too late if you give up now."

Wu Zhenjun was the best at rhythm and sound wave spells. This low call might seem unremarkable, but it was also a type of sound wave spell.

The onlookers wouldn't feel anything out of the ordinary when they heard this spell since it was aimed only at Wang Ming. Besides, he was also well aware of Wang Ming's identity as an ordinary person, so he used less than half of his strength... Even then, half the strength of an Itinerant Immortal was enough to make an ordinary person dizzy; in more severe cases, they would go into shock.

He deliberately put pressure on Wang Ming, trying to make him back down.

But to Wu Zhenjun's surprise, Wang Ming hovered steadily in the air in the mecha armor and didn't budge at all.

"Wu Zhenjun, did you use less than half of your strength?" Wang Ming laughed. "Actually, there's no need to go easy on me. I'm quite confident in the magic treasure I invented."

Wu Zhenjun frowned, amazed that Wang Ming actually knew how much strength he had used.

"I upgraded the armor's ability to do calculations. While I wouldn't dare say it's one hundred percent free of error, it's still accurate over ninety-five percent of the time." Wang Ming smiled.

Before leaving Beast King's tomb, Wang Ming had given Wang Ling One a third assembly upgrade. Wang Ling One now had a quad core center with longer endurance, a shorter charging period, and the ability to build up power by sacrificing parts when its energy ran low.

When energy was low, Wang Ling One's quad core center could now forcibly absorb spells cast by the enemy and extract spirit energy from them to recharge itself. But this was a last resort, as it would be a heavy burden on the armor.

In a regular situation, Wang Ming could now use "Wang Ling One" continuously for a week. In combat and at full power, it could last up to two hours.

Besides the core center, Wang Ming had done an overall upgrade of Wang Ling One's ability to extrapolate data... This was in fact thanks to Qin Lang's help.

Qin Lang's roots could directly stretch into the outside world from inside the remains, so Wang Ming had asked Qin Lang to have his roots penetrate the sky and help him get a spare Head of State 001 microchip from the research institute.

The chip was loaded with current world cultivation data on things like magic treasures, spells, and spirit techniques that were on record.

Just like Old Qi and the head of state expected of Wang Ming...

He would never do something that he wasn't sure about.

"Be bold and come at me, Wu Zhenjun. This isn't a contest, but a performance test for my newly developed scientific magic treasure." Hoping that Wu Zhenjun would take up the challenge, Wang Ming smiled and tried a different angle. "I'm challenging Wu Zhenjun in all sincerity; if you don't respond kindly, I'll be very hurt!"

Wu Zhenjun pressed his lips together, still hesitating over whether he should make a move.

He suddenly thought of a line in a TV drama, when a teenager yelled at a general riding a big horse in front of him: Soul Sky Emperor, do you dare dismount and fight me 1 ?

1(From the TV drama "Battle Through The Heavens..") At that very moment, this sense of deja vu could be said to be very strong...

Thus, Wu Zhenjun was in a dilemma over the current situation.

Because Wang Ming was an ordinary person, Wu Zhenjun didn't dare be too heavy-handed. What if he injured the brain of this "strongest brain"? That would be the country's loss, and he didn't dare shoulder that blame.

But if he didn't make a move now, it would instead seem as if he was a coward, which would directly affect his qualification appraisal for emperor medal teacher this year.

The number of qualified gold medal teachers was limited to ten thousand each year.

But the number of qualified emperor teachers was just one hundred.

In comparison, the qualification appraisal for emperor teachers was more rigorous, and considered all kinds of aspects.

Battle strength was just one of the criteria.

Class achievements, quality, prestige, student opinion and so on... These were all very important.

And so, in a position where he was unable to back down, Wu Zhenjun could only do the next best thing. "Lao Gudong Xiaoer, it wouldn't be fair to you if I fight at full strength. Can you tell me exactly what level your armor's battle strength is at now? I'll seal my excess strength and fight you then."

Unexpectedly, Wang Ming directly waved his hand. "Do you know why I chose Wu Zhenjun?"

Wu Zhenjun: "???"

Wang Ming: "Because even if all the teachers here worked together, they wouldn't be able to take down my suit of armor."





Chapter 781 Wang Ming's First Real Battle


All the teachers sucked in their breaths at these words...

This was a blatant declaration of war!

Although the gap between realms could be filled with the use of magic treasures, these usually played a limited role. Uttering such words was simply looking for a fight.

Wang Ming didn't lack EQ, and Wu Zhenjun was well aware that Wang Ming was deliberately goading the other teachers into forcing him to have an all-out fight with the latter.

As expected, Wang Ming's method worked.

The surrounding teachers on the scene were aflame with indignation. "Wu Zhenjun! Beat him up! Tear open his armor, let's see what he'll say to that!"

A lot of students were also cheering for Wu Zhenjun.

Because what Wang Ming had said was too arrogant and outrageous.

"Go, Teacher Wu! Don't be scared! It's just crap armor!"

"Who is the strongest demolition expert in Huaxiu? Teacher Wu, it's up to you!"

"Teacher Wu, good luck! Use EDM and Skr Skr him to death!"

Most of the students were like the melon-eating masses, forever the kind to enjoy a show without a care for the big picture.

Now that their time in the remains was about to end, a fight between two teachers was well worth seeing! This would be the grand finale for this summer camp in the remains, and could even be looked upon as a precious opportunity to observe and study a fight!

Of course, many of the students still stood on Wang Ming's side. The majority of them were from Number 60 High School, as well as those who had been cowed by the murderous expression in Zhai Yin's eyes...

"Can Lao Gudong Xiaoer win..." Su Xiao pulled his neck back at this scene.

In the formation, Wang Ling gazed indifferently into the sky, the expression in his eyes completely unruffled.

In the minds of most, like the teachers cheering for Wu Zhenjun, magic treasures usually played a limited role. While they might make up for a disparity in realms, it was impossible for them to help a person surpass the other party.

For example, a person with a lower realm could indeed make up for a disparity in strength with a powerful magic treasure, but if their realm itself fell short, it was hard for the magic treasure to display its full battle strength.

Hence, it was common sense to feel that a powerful magic treasure certainly couldn't act as a substitute for realm.

Many factors were involved, a main one being the artifact spirit.

The rapport between a person and the artifact spirit was crucial in determining how much battle strength the magic treasure could demonstrate.

But a lot of people were overlooking one point: the mecha armor which Wang Ming was wearing wasn't a cultivation magic treasure in the conventional sense... but a scientific magic treasure.

This magic treasure didn't have an artifact spirit.

In other words, the artifact spirit was computational data!

The armor had a high-tech AI program in place of a weapon spirit, which was able to make decisions and learn autonomously.

Hence, Wang Ling didn't say a word.

He knew very well how strong his dumbass brother was.

Ever since Wang Ming repeatedly lost to him as a kid, this person would never do anything reckless.

Instead of this fight, what Wang Ling should be more concerned about was still the head of state's reaction.

He was well aware that the head of state was secretly looking for that "mystery person."

To stop the Sea And Sky Array this time, Wang Ling had almost exposed himself.

Luckily, for the time being, the head of state and Huaxiu Alliance didn't suspect that their target might be a student, but speculated that this mystery person was among the teachers.

Currently, Wang Ling was wondering whether he should find a teacher to take in as a disciple like Zhuo Yi, in order to shoulder this particular wok for him...

...

Wu Zhenjun knew there was already no way out.

Wang Ming was too intense and confident.

And so, Wu Zhenjun sighed. "Since Lao Gudong Xiaoer is so insistent, then please... I'll let you make the first move."

"Wu Zhenjun, I still think it's better for you to make the first move since I want to test my armor's strength." Wang Ming waved his hand, completely unafraid of facing Wu Zhenjun.

As Wu Zhenjun frowned, a little dissatisfied with Wang Ming's slightly frivolous provocation, he saw Wang Ming in the air stick out his tongue at him all of a sudden. It wasn't Wang Ming's own tongue, but Wang Ling One's built-in bionic tongue, which could identify materials and also had the mass taunt ability.

And after three upgrades, its abilities had increased yet again.

Not only could it perform a mass taunt, it could even do a directed taunt!

Hence, the moment Wang Ling One stuck out its bionic tongue, Wu Zhenjun was suddenly besieged by inexplicable wrath. As if he had come under mind control, anger surged out of him.

"It works!"

Wang Ming was elated.

As expected, the so-called "One Yang Finger + Lion's Roar" from the movie still wasn't as useful as this tongue.

Wu Zhenjun tried his best to contain his emotions, only to find that he couldn't.

It was at that moment that he realized why Wang Ming had manipulated this armor into sticking out its tongue. It wasn't a meaningless move, but a magic treasure ability to taunt the enemy through sight.

The reason why Wu Zhenjun let Wang Ming make the first move was to test this armor's strength from its first attack. Unluckily, Wang Ming didn't give him a chance at all.

"Lao Gudong Xiaoer, you..."

At that moment, Wu Zhenjun's face was already red with stifled anger.

And then, under everyone's stares, he couldn't hold it in anymore!

Like the imperial bodyguard Fu Erkang1, Wu Zhenjun's hand started to twitch involuntarily until it finally lifted in front of him against his control. Dense spirit power molecules swirled in his palm and turned into invisible fine particles as spirit energy finally coalesced into a ball.

1(The meme from the TV drama "Princess Pearl.") This wasn't the legendary spirit energy rasengan2, but was a sound wave technique.

2(The rasengan 螺旋丸 is a ball created from chakra in "Naruto.") It was like the fire-breathing routine in an acrobatic show.

Wu Zhenjun put this spirit energy ball the size of a ping-pong ball into his mouth, aimed in Wang Ming's direction in the air, and opened his mouth wide!

With a yell -

In a split second, a white cannon blast of light shot out of his mouth!

This blast was extremely fierce, like the Blue Dragon3 rising.

3(One of the Chinese Five Dragons.) Many of the students and teachers were deeply shaken at that moment.

A lot of teachers who were familiar with Wu Zhenjun could see that this was a level four sound wave spell.

This was an attack that an average teacher would find very difficult to defend against.

"Teacher, what is this spell? It's so cool!" someone in Number 60 High's formation asked.

Lao Gudong raised his eyebrows. "As far as I can remember, this is one of Wu Zhenjun's unique skills, and the first technique he learned from Irascible Dharmaraja Wu Yifan back then: Sky-Battering Cry. But it looks like Wu Zhenjun has improved it by adding some of his own modifications."

"What improvement?"

"Can't you see the electric sparks around the cannon blast?"

"..."

Hearing this, realization dawned on everyone.

He had actually added electric special effects!





Chapter 782 Sky-Battering Cry


Wu Zhenjun's Sky-Battering Cry was the unique technique which had made Irascible Dharmaraja famous.

When they had been trading words earlier, Wang Ming had already used Wang Ling One to analyze Wu Zhenjun's data.

Looking at the global database in the Head of State 001 microchip, Wang Ming could easily investigate the data on Wu Zhenjun's past battles and do an analytical comparison to understand the skill which Wu Zhenjun was best at.

The Sky-Shattering Cry was a high grade, level four sound wave spell.

This wasn't his most powerful technique; this was the fifth of all the skills he was the most proficient in.

When it was aimed at a vital point, it could easily shoot dead a Nascent Soul expert.

Wang Ling One could easily obtain the data on all the skills which Wu Zhenjun had demonstrated in public before from the global database.

Hence, the moment Wu Zhenjun made a move, Wang Ming accurately and swiftly formulated a countermeasure in response.

Many cultivators had dynamic vision while Wang Ming didn't, but the Wang Ling One helmet had a formidable built-in ability to break down what it was seeing and quickly offer a clear visual.

In Wang Ming's eyes, the Sky-Battering Cry's white Blue Dragon became very slow, and he could fully move sideways to avoid the attack.

But he didn't choose to do so.

Hovering in the air, he opened his palm. With a hiss, something that looked like an electromagnetic wave glowed around his fingers to form a magnetic shield in front of Wang Ming.

The Blue Dragon rammed into the magnetic shield head-on. It struck the shield, which looked as fragile as a cicada's wings, with an ear-piercing sound, and countless sparks flared.

Contrary to everyone's expectations, this weak-looking magnetic shield was unexpectedly strong as it perfectly blocked Wu Zhenjun's attack!

Following this, Wang Ming heaved a sigh and gazed at Wu Zhenjun on the ground, a disappointed look in his eyes. "You only used fifty percent of your strength?"

"Lao Gudong Xiaoer, I think it would be better if we stop now." Wu Zhenjun lowered his voice.

But in his view, Wang Ming's mecha was really something. As an ordinary man, he could actually block a sound wave spell powerful enough to severely injure a Nascent Soul cultivator.

Wu Zhenjun had to admit that he had indeed underestimated Wang Ming's invention.

However, when he heard Wang Ming's dissatisfaction with his attack, he was a little annoyed.

"Wu Zhenjun, I hope you can treat this fight seriously, otherwise you'll lose face in front of your students," Wang Ming reminded him kindly from the air.

Almost in a flash in the next moment, Wang Ming lifted his arm to aim at him.

Wang Ling One had already automatically locked onto Wu Zhenjun.

And then, a cannon muzzle opened in Wang Ming's palm and fired, and that white Blue Dragon which had been launched by the Sky-Battering Cry, actually reappeared as it abruptly charged forth in Wu Zhenjun's direction.

At that time, countless curses burst out on the scene.

"What the hell?! Sky-Battering Cry?"

"What the hell?! This armor can also learn?"

"What the hell?! Gusu Murong1?"

1(From the MMORPG "Age of Wushu.") "This is a Shield Reflect! It's absolutely a Shield Reflect2!"

2(From "Legend of Zelda.") ...

This move also gave Wu Zhenjun a scare.

When Irascible Dhamaraja had passed this technique down to him, it had taken Wu Zhenjun a very long time to learn the considerably complex formulas for using it. Yet this mecha armor was actually able to analyze his sound wave spell?

How was that possible?

Wu Zhenjun frowned.

He was a master of sound wave magic, and just as he could use it, he naturally knew how to dispel it. To intercept this kind of sound wave spell, the best thing to do was to alter its medium of transmission.

A huge majority of sound wave spells traveled through the air.

"Universal Dust Release Spell3!" Wu Zhenjun shouted darkly as he swiftly crossed his fingers together in a hand seal to create a cube.

3(A technique adapted from "Naruto," which is a 3D object made out of chakra - anything that passes through it is disintegrated on a molecular level.) A black light shot forth with a loud buzz, aimed at this Blue Dragon in the air.

It was yet another high level spell!

"This is...!"

A lot of students and teachers cried out in surprise.

It looked like part of the air had been peeled away to create a pitch-black strip.

But this wasn't a space rift nor was it a spatial storm; it was a restraining spell specially designed to counter sound wave magic. It could forcefully alter the medium that sound traveled through, causing the sound wave spell to dissipate completely until it was finally just like punching cotton.

"Lao Gudong Xiaoer used a sound wave spell to counter my attack - isn't this looking down on me too much?" Wu Zhenjun snorted.

But just as he said the words, Wang Ming was already laughing. "You've fallen into my trap, Wu Zhenjun!"

Wu Zhenjun: "???"

Within the black space created by the Universal Dust Release Spell, a dim white light unexpectedly appeared.

This white light was none other than the Sky-Battering Cry's white Blue Dragon!

His Dust Release Spell had actually failed?

There was utter incomprehension on Wu Zhenjun's face.

This scene had truly caught him off guard.

He had assumed that this technique of his would easily dispel Wang Ming's attack, but this situation was completely out of his expectations. It had never occurred to him at all that Wang Ming's Sky-Battering Cry would actually disregard his Dust Release Spell and directly lunge at him.

He could only hurriedly raise both his arms in defense.

This blast hit his crossed arms hard, pushing his entire body back as his feet left two deep furrows in the ground.

"Lao Gudong Xiaoer's attack is actually so fierce."

After this blast, Wu Zhenjun finally knew where the problem lay.

This wasn't the Sky-Battering Cry at all!

"Spirit Power Cannon," Wang Ming answered quickly. "This is my armor's most basic operation. That blast that hit Wu Zhenjun just now was pretty awesome, wasn't it? To be able to push you back that far, the impact is pretty good."

After the third modification, Wang Ming had already completely fixed the problem with the recoil from the Spirit Power Cannon. Now, when he activated the cannon, Wang Ling One would automatically readjust and minimize the impact from the recoil.

"Spirit Power Cannon?" Wu Zhenjun narrowed his eyes. "But why..."

"You want to ask why it's clearly the Spirit Power Cannon but it looks like the Sky-Battering Cry?" Wang Ming laughed. "Do you know 'skin4'? My armor can copy a spell's skin; I thought the Sky-Battering Cry was pretty cool, so I used it."

4(The gaming term for an aesthetic change in an item or a character.) Wu Zhenjun: "..."

Everyone: "..."

After a moment, Wu Zhenjun flicked his sleeves and heaved a sigh. "I thought my Dust Release Spell didn't work, but it turns out that Lao Gudong Xiaoer evaded my spell under camouflage. That blast was indeed powerful enough, but Lao Gudong Xiaoer is too naïve if you think you can hurt me with just this."

Wang Ming shrugged and laughed coldly. "Of course I don't - what kind of damage can my Spirit Power Cannon at twenty percent do to you?"

Wu Zhenjun: "???"





Chapter 783 Wu Zhenjun's Ultimate Move


He had only used twenty percent of his strength...

A lot of people were stupefied at Wang Ming's move.

This armor could actually change the Spirit Power Cannon's skin... this was too impressive!

The majority of the people present were lost for words.

None of the students and teachers who had doubted this armor earlier dared to speak now.

Because this suit of armor just couldn't be regarded with common sense.

Looking at the overall situation now, it seemed that Wang Ming had the upper hand.

"Lao Gudong Xiaoer's equipment is so awesome, I also want one. But does anyone know what Lao Gudong Xiaoer's realm was before he put this on?" someone asked.

Guo Hao was blank; he realized that for the first time, there was something which both he and his uncle didn't know...

"I say, if Lao Gudong Xiaoer is just an ordinary person, and he can match an Itinerant Immortal in this armor, this would simply be a miracle invention!" On the side, Chen Chao chuckled and rubbed his head. "Of course, I'm just joking. We don't know what Lao Gudong Xiaoer's realm is, so don't take this seriously!"

Wang Ling: "..."

At that point, the atmosphere on the scene shifted.

It wasn't until that moment that many of the students truly realized that intellectual knowledge could change one's destiny. It turned out that gaps in realm, cultivation talent and strength could be made up for with knowledge!

Knowledge was power - so, there really was some truth to this!

After the first clash, the teachers who were maintaining order on the scene started to get the students to sit down in a circle to watch this contest between cultivation and science.

"Everyone watch carefully and take notes! This is a rare study opportunity!" A teacher gave instructions on the scene.

Everyone then realized that without them knowing, a barrier had already been set up around Wu Zhenjun and Wang Ming as if it was a battle arena.

It was the head of state who had set up this barrier, and it was stable enough.

A lot of the teachers and students who didn't understand the situation would probably think that it was some busybody who had raised this barrier.

But even if this barrier hadn't gone up, the teachers had already planned to work together to build one. If Wang Ming truly could go toe-to-toe with an Itinerant Immortal in this armor, then this would be a great battle between Itinerant Immortals.

If two True Immortals were to fight for real, it would be enough to destroy a planet.

Similarly, a duel between Itinerant Immortals couldn't be underestimated. Since they were still in the remains, there was a chance the place would suffer damage if restrictions weren't put in place.

In short, after this barrier went up, it was Wu Zhenjun's turn to get a headache.

The implication was already very clear: he was to do battle with Wang Ming.

It was also at that moment that Wu Zhenjun realized the deeper significance of this duel.

His emperor medal teaching title instantly was nothing compared with the importance of this showdown.

Just like many people thought, this was a clash between cultivation and science - was it truly possible to rely on science to stand on par with a cultivator in a fight? This was one question. More importantly, once Wang Ming's patent went public, it would undoubtedly favor those who didn't have cultivation talent, but still had a cultivation dream.

Commercialization and factory-manufactured armor would enable them to rapidly stand on par with cultivators who had been genuinely and painstakingly cultivating for hundreds of years.

A true cultivator would definitely be depressed by this.

Thinking on it further, it was possible that ultimately, more and more people would abandon cultivation and choose to wear this armor instead.

Thus, Wu Zhenjun wanted to make it clear in this fight.

He had to win this fight.

This could be considered validation for all cultivators.

"It seems that Lao Gudong Xiaoer is already prepared. In that case, I won't be polite."

Wu Zhenjun released a soft breath.

The next moment, he stamped his foot lightly, and a grand circle appeared beneath his feet.

Summons Spell!

Some of the teachers immediately recognized this spell.

Wu Zhenjun was actually using the Summons Spell.

It looked like he really was going to get serious...

Some of the teachers who were familiar with Wu Zhenjun couldn't help thinking of Irascible Dharmaraja's most powerful spell back then, which required coordination with a special summoned spirit beast.

Hence, the instant they saw the summoning array, many of the teachers were moved.

They couldn't help recalling Irascible Dharmaraja's summoned spirit beast back then.

It was obvious that Wu Zhenjun was going to summon the same spirit beast!

A black ink-like spring bubbled out of the summoning array on the ground, and several seconds later, it crackled with purple lightning.

"Purple lightning?"

Standing in the air, Wang Ming stared at the electricity that was lashing out.

Wu Zhenjun was probably about to use his ultimate move.

Wang Ming already had this premonition.

"What kind of spirit beast is this?" There were still some students who weren't clear about the situation.

"This purple lightning is Ziwei Lightning. Of the Five Yin Lightning1 in legend, it has the most Yin and is also the most vicious; it's immensely destructive. To be able to tame this type of spirit beast, its master has to have enough Yang energy; not just anyone can handle this type of spirit beast."

1(From the Chinese cartoon series "Under One Person.") While Lao Gudong was expounding on this, he kept everyone guessing by not explaining what on earth this spirit beast actually was. Now, the atmosphere had turned ridiculously mysterious. "Wu Zhenjun must have gone through a lot to tame this spirit beast. The reason why he has summoned it now is to complete Irascible Dharmaraja's ultimate move from back then with the help of the power from the purple lightning. This is a level six sound wave spell created by Irascible Dharmaraja, and the conditions for learning this spell are very harsh."

By the time he said all this, the black spring gushing out of the summoning array had already covered every corner of the arena; it was flooded with purple lightning and there was nowhere to step.

This had been deliberate on Wu Zhenjun's part, since he knew that Wang Ming was relying on the armor's strength to stay afloat, which consumed spirit power; sustained combat in midair would double this consumption.

Wu Zhenjun's strategy was very clear.

"Wang Ling One, activate full magnetic shield."

Wang Ming immediately gave the command for the magnetic shield to protect him so that he wouldn't be affected by the purple lightning on the ground.

He conceded that if he had been wearing the first version of the armor, which had been simple and crude, there was no way he would be able to continually consume spirit power like this.

At that moment, the ground started to tremble.

Ripples started to form on the black pool...

The summoned spirit beast hiding inside finally started to show itself.

It was a massive and glossy black tail, and at first glance, it looked like a fish.

Someone cried out in surprise, "Holy shit?! A swamp eel?!"

Wu Zhenjun was incensed. "... It's an electric eel! Electric eel!!!"





Chapter 784 The Three-Headed Electric Eel, Scared Or Not?


When the ultimate Yin spirit beast as the emblem of the Five Yin Lightning revealed its form, the students let out cries of surprise. Given how close they were to the scene, it simply felt like they were watching a blockbuster with special effects at close range and surround sound, which was a mind-blowing experience.

At school, even a duel between two Golden Core teachers was unusual enough, so this competition of power between two Itinerant Immortals was indeed an experience that was hard to come by for most high school kids.

Wang Ling already knew that after this contest, a lot of the students would definitely write this down in their summer camp diaries.

This was rare source material that had been offered up on a platter - most importantly, they could pad their diaries with words.

Writing about the fight between cultivators was the easiest way to make up words!

As long as your vocabulary was good enough, you could spend several hundred words describing a skill used!

And thousands of words on describing the clash between the two!

Wang Ling was familiar with this method.

Since Father Wang was a perfect representation of it...

It was said that all website novelists did was churn out words, and how good they were depended on whether or not it made their readers happy.

Hm, this was straying from the subject...

Back to the fight.

This purple spirit Yin eel which Wu Zhenjun had summoned was the one which Irascible Dharmaraja had tamed back then. After Wu Zhenjun had inherited his legacy, this thousand-year-old eel naturally fell into his hands.

But he was usually reluctant to summon it.

As the emblem of ultimate Yin, the eel's tremendous Yin energy was a heavy burden on Wu Zhenjun's body. Even if he had a peak Yang body, it would still take him a month at the very least to recover.

And most crucially, during this month, he! Had! To! Be! Abstinent!

Otherwise, the consequences of his Yang energy leaking out wouldn't just be a burden on his body; it would create extremely problematic side effects for Wu Zhenjun later on.

And the most serious side effect of them all was permanent impotence...

So when Wu Zhenjun produced this purple spirit Yin eel, Wang Ming had already used the global database to analyze Wu Zhenjun's next move.

This was an ultimate move created by Irascible Dharmaraja, and the only level six sound wave destructive spell which needed to be performed in cooperation with the purple spirit Yin eel —"Buddha Lightning Combo."

Hence, this was going to be a tough test for Wang Ming and his Wang Ling One invention.

...

The biggest advantage which sound wave spells had over other types of spells was its short casting time.

If one had to know, some complicated, destructive spells might only need to be recited with a hand seal, but took a very long time to cast.

Thus, when the purple spirit Yin eel revealed its large, glossy tail under everyone's gazes, Wang Ming knew that the true contest had already begun. At that moment, the entire black pool under his feet was the eel's domain.

Using the mecha armor to perform a detailed analysis, Wang Ming discovered that this purple spirit Yin eel was more than forty zhang in length. It crackled with purple electricity, and looked like a rain dragon in a sea of mud. Most importantly, Wang Ming realized... that this eel actually had three heads! Any female live streamer would have no choice but to concede defeat against this three-headed electric eel1!

(A reference to a live streamer who stuck a live eel up her vagina...) "Lao Gudong Xiaoer, do watch yourself," Wu Zhenjun warned in a low voice.

The three-headed electric eel had already swum over to him, before it unexpectedly soared into the air and coiled its thick and glossy body in front of Wu Zhenjun.

A turbulent wind roared and the black pool below roiled. Even the air started to warp as in a split second, fierce purple lightning ruthlessly lashed out within the entire space inside the barrier.

It had only been several dozen seconds since the purple spirit Yin eel was summoned, but in a flash, the entire environment inside the barrier had changed dramatically to resemble the end of the world.

The space was radically compressed until it was almost entirely occupied by Wu Zhenjun - the magnetic shield with a three-zhang radius which encompassed Wang Ming looked like the last pure land at the end of the world.

Many people were inwardly apprehensive when they saw this. If Wang Ming hadn't opened up the magnetic shield at that moment, what would have happened?

Unhurried and patient, Wu Zhenjun slowly walked toward the coiled body of the purple spirit Yin eel in the air, then took a deep breath before his mouth moved closer.

Now, even those who hadn't known at all how this spell worked at first could see that this was a special "electric horn"!

"There's even this kind of operation?"

A lot of the teachers were stunned.

Although they had long heard of the "Buddha Lightning Combo" ultimate move created by Irascible Dharmaraja, they were still stupefied when they saw it with their own eyes. To actually use the coiled body of an electric eel as a horn - what kind of incredible operation was this?!

The head of state, who was secretly observing the fight from a distance, similarly froze at this scene, and almost instinctively recognized the danger in this technique.

"Your Excellency Head of State..." Old Qi was anxious. While he wasn't at the scene, he knew how dangerous this technique was.

In the end, Wang Ling One was a suit of armor which Wang Ming had built himself outside; without any official computational data simulations, they had no idea how strong it was.

President Qi was concerned that Wang Ming would be utterly crushed with this move by Wu Zhenjun.

Huaxiu Alliance's logistics department had only just sent back the coffin that had been custom-made for Wang Ming...

"There's no rush, I'm here."

Finally, the head of state shook his head and didn't step in to intervene.

That was because he didn't feel any panic from Wang Ming at all.

This enhanced electric horn had indeed caught Wang Ming off guard.

From the data analysis in the global database, Irascible Dharmaraja had summoned the purple spirit Yin eel back then to perform the Buddha Lightning Combo using its purple lightning, but this wasn't what Wu Zhenjun was doing.

Wu Zhenjun had obviously modified this move, but he hadn't used it in public for a very long time.

Wang Ling One thus had no way of analyzing it.

"Lao Gudong Xiaoer, you've already lost," Wu Zhenjun said through the electric eel horn.

This wasn't the official Buddha Lightning Combo - Wu Zhenjun was only speaking normally, but it already turned into an extremely powerful sound wave.

As if it was coming from outer space, Wu Zhenjun's voice echoed unceasingly through the many layers of the space barrier, and a lot of the students and teachers covered their ears at the piercing sound.

Thanks to the barrier, they weren't directly affected by this force - 99.9% of it was contained within the barrier. Despite that, many of the students and teachers present still couldn't bear the ear-piercing sound wave, which felt a lot like a cat scratching its nails down a blackboard.

It was a good thing that it was the head of state who had put this barrier up himself, otherwise any barrier built by the teachers working together would probably already have been blown apart.

"Maybe not."

Contrary to everyone's expectations, Wang Ming gave a light, straightforward response.

And then, he raised his hand to the sky.





Chapter 785 Wang Ling One's Killing Move


Was it the Spirit Energy Cannon?

Wu Zhenjun narrowed his eyes at the sky.

It indeed felt like the Spirit Energy Cannon, since he could sense energy rapidly accumulating in the cannon muzzle on Wang Ming's right arm.

"Lao Gudong Xiaoer wants to use the Spirit Energy Cannon to counter my killing move? Dream on." Wu Zhenjun shook his head.

The next moment, his aura turned heavy.

Rumble!

The black fountain on the ground suddenly started to roil; it was a sign of danger.

"Wu Zhenjun is moving!" the students shouted one after another.

Inside this apocalyptic-looking contest space within the barrier, the purple spirit Yin eel's ultimate Yin electricity swept across the whole scene like a lightning dragon. A sky-shattering crash shook the entire barrier as a thunderstorm raged inside; without this barrier restriction, Beast King's Remains might suffer a calamity if this thunderstorm spread.

Students in an era of peace had never seen such a scene. Although they knew very well that they were separated from the battlefield by the barrier and that this power wouldn't touch them, many of them still trembled at this momentum, their faces pale.

Sun Rong and Lin Xiaoyu subconsciously hugged each other. "So scary!"

Chen Chao and Guo Hao were also terrified. "How frightening..."

Sweeping his gaze over his surroundings, Wang Ling realized that everyone nearby all looked alarmed, and he hurriedly performed a small spell to instantly make his face pale.

Honestly speaking, while this was indeed a frightening spectacle, it was nothing compared with that showdown back then between Immortal Zhenyuan and Wind Spirit.

When the two Venerated Immortals fought, they had almost flattened a planet.

So in contrast, Wang Ling didn't think this kind of fight was much of anything.

But in a sea of drunk people, he didn't want to look like the only one who was sober.

It was still safer to follow the crowd; it wouldn't be good if he aroused suspicion.

Thus, Wang Ling performed the "Turn White Spell," which turned his face deathly pale.

Furthermore, he did his best to secrete a few beads of sweat...

In the end, when Chen Chao came back to his senses and looked at Wang Ling, he was frightened by the latter's complexion. "Oh my god! Are you ok?"

Those next to them who had been watching the battle were all distracted by this cry and turned to look in Wang Ling's direction.

Many people saw that a Number 60 High student was actually so frightened that his face had drained of all color and his forehead was covered in cold sweat.

Su Xiao was also frightened by Wang Ling's face, and then recalled the incident with President Bai. "Is he still traumatized by his near-death experience from being sucked into the space by President Bai?"

After all, it had only been less than a week since it happened.

The wreath which the class had chipped in to buy for Wang Ling had yet to wither...

How could it be so easy to overcome such mental trauma?

Guo Hao patted Wang Ling's shoulder cheerfully and laughed in a low voice. "As a mascot, how can you be so timid?"

Wang Ling: "..."

"It's ok! Let this brother hug you and see if it makes you feel a little better." After saying that, Guo Hao spread his arms wide to hug Wang Ling.

But as Guo Hao plastered himself to Wang Ling, he felt a shiver go down his spine and his forehead felt cold all of a sudden.

His complexion then started to turn deathly pale as he trembled slightly.

Both Chen Chao and Su Xiao were alarmed. "What the hell?! It's contagious?"

Guo Hao: "I'm fine. Just that for some reason, it feels like a cold wind is blowing, and it's stifling, like a snake is wrapped around me."

After Guo Hao said this, Wang Ling looked into the distance out of the corner of his eye.

Fang Xing immediately avoided his gaze.

Wang Ling: "..."

...

On the other side, a huge fight was about to happen at any moment.

After Wu Zhenjun gathered his qi in his dantian, a tremendous sound wave crackling with fierce purple electricity blasted forth from the huge horn formed by the coiled purple spirit Yin eel, like a world-destroying electromagnetic cannon.

Rumble!

A terrifying force tore through the air. The electric ripples that sparked the air, along with the mixed sounds of the waves, wind and electricity of the black fountain on the ground, reverberated continuously within the barrier, as if the sound of a Great Dao was contained deep within.

Wang Ling's eyebrows knitted slightly at this scene.

Irascible Dharmaraja was indeed a rare cultivation genius. When he had created the Buddha Lightning Combo back then, it actually involved a lot of know-how.

Unfortunately, the rumor was that after Irascible Dharmaraja took in Wu Zhenjun as his disciple, he suddenly disappeared one day, and even his disciple couldn't find his whereabouts.

A large part of the reason why Wu Zhenjun had been out in the field all these years was in fact to look for his shifu Irascible Dharmaraja.

The rumor in the outside world was that Irascible Dharmaraja knew that his life was coming to an end, and after finding a disciple to inherit his legacy, he went looking for a quiet and peaceful place to die in.

No one knew whether this was true or not.

In a word, if Wang Ling were to comment on this Buddha Lightning Combo...

Of all level six spells, this spell probably came the closest to Heavenly Dao. While it was much less powerful than Heavenly Dao, it was still very intimidating.

This technique was powerful to the extreme.

Next was to see how Wang Ming responded.

Obviously, Wang Ming had already come up with a countermeasure. Almost the instant Wu Zhenjun had discharged this killing move, Wang Ming's ten-layer Spirit Energy Cannon was already firing at the sky.

This Spirit Energy Cannon wasn't aimed at Wu Zhenjun, nor was it meant to counter his technique - it was to break open the space wall!

This move instantly drew the attention of many of the teachers, since they didn't know what Wang Ming was going to do. However, relying solely on a suit of armor to break open the space wall was already pretty astonishing.

"What is Lao Gudong Xiaoer trying to do, breaking open the space wall?"

"He's not planning to run, is he..."

A lot of the people watching had no idea what Wang Ming's move meant.

"Wu Zhenjun, it's too naïve of you if you think the Spirit Energy Cannon is the only thing I have."

After breaking open the space wall, Wang Ming smiled at Wu Zhenjun with sheer confidence.

Wu Zhenjun didn't know what Wang Ming was going to do, but when he saw the latter's expression, he was already on guard.

The next moment, Wang Ming fixed his gaze on Wu Zhenjun. "Heavenly E-Satellite! Lock onto target! E-Bomb Raining Down From Above! Fire!"

After he said this, a speck of light actually appeared in the cracked space wall, which rapidly started to increase in size.

At that moment, it wasn't just Wu Zhenjun, but the surrounding students and teachers plus President Qi and the rest of the Ten Generals at the command center in Huaxiu Alliance HQ all had indescribably alarmed expressions on their faces.

Heavenly E-Satellite?

When on earth...

Wu Zhenjun finally realized what the killing move Wang Ming had mentioned was.

His complexion changed dramatically.

Bang!

A devastating column of silver energy shot through the space wall. Like an energy wave, it pierced the air in Wu Zhenjun's direction and directly smashed into the Buddha Lightning Combo sound wave, the searing heat distorting the space around it.

Web-like space fractures even appeared in the wake of that silver light beam, which brought ruin and chaos.

In a mere split second, the dazzling light from this column of silver energy covered the whole of the inside of the barrier, and no one could clearly make out what on earth was happening...





Chapter 786 Science And Cultivation


Once the dazzling light slowly faded, the outcome of this duel was finally revealed.

No one expected Wang Ming's mecha armor to actually be able to directly mobilize the Heavenly E-Satellite's pulse cannon. Because of the barrier, the pulse cannon couldn't reach them directly, so Wang Ming had deliberately broken the space wall to allow the light wave from the pulse cannon to burst through the space crack.

This pulse cannon directly scared the purple spirit Yin eel back into the summoning array, instantly destroying Wu Zhenjun's sound wave attack and causing the apocalyptic hell inside the barrier to return to complete tranquility.

When the smoke from the battle dispersed, everyone saw that Wang Ming, stripped of his armor, and a shirtless Wu Zhenjun, had collapsed on the ground.

Wu Zhenjun wasn't injured, and had only been hit unconscious by the pulse cannon. The Daoist robe he was wearing had taken a huge portion of the blast damage and already could no longer be used, as the top half had been completely shredded and destroyed by the pulse wave.

"It's too bad, Wu Zhenjun's robe is torn! Lao Gudong Xiaoer's armor was also dissolved by that blast just now."

"Then who won this contest? A cultivator? Or science and technology?"

"It's a tie; don't you see, Lao Gudong Xiaoer fell..."

Instantly, discussion broke out among the students.

"Go and help!"

As the barrier vanished, a medical team already waiting on the side rushed over to the two men to examine their injuries.

Both men looked like they were wounded.

Actually, that wasn't true...

When Wang Ling saw Wang Ming being carried away, the corners of the latter's mouth were curled slightly.

This sly guy was pretending to be unconscious...

...

Twenty minutes later, a basically unscathed Wang Ming returned to the private lounge in the Rainbow Glass Box.

Zhai Yin was already waiting for him inside.

Seeing Wang Ming come in through the automatic doors, she was immediately so angry that she stomped her foot. "Are you nuts? Mobilizing the Heavenly E-Satellite for your personal use? Without the head of state's approval, you'll be jailed!"

Wang Ming smiled shamelessly. "Great. If I go to jail, I strongly suggest that I be sent to Songhai First Prison. I heard that the Mahjong Squad is still missing one person?"

Zhai Yin: "..."

Forget it. Looking at his thick-skinned face, Zhai Yin knew that Wang Ming probably had some backup plan.

This MO wasn't surprising, and was very much in keeping with the strongest brain's remarkable style...

"By the by, when I collapsed just now, were you nervous?" Wang Ming was asking about what happened after the duel was over.

Subsequently, Zhai Yin's expression was unruffled. "No."

"How can that be? When I disappeared, I heard that you cried for several days?"

Zhai Yin's face instantly darkened. "You... Who spread that rumor?!"

Wang Ming's face moved closer until he and Zhai Yin were a hair's breadth apart. "Was it... really a rumor?"

Zhai Yin turned her face away. "I would also be sad if the army dog in our combat brigade died!"

"Oh, I see."

Wang Ming shrugged. "So you weren't worried when I collapsed earlier?"

"No!"

Zhai Yin's answer seemed pretty resolute.

Wang Ming sighed in disappointment. Sure enough... a tsundere was really difficult to deal with.

Especially this kind of diehard tsundere who wouldn't speak the truth at all!

"Fine, then I'm leaving." Wang Ming waved at Zhai Yin and turned around.

"Where are you going..." Zhai Yin was anxious.

"To eat! And to pay Teacher Wu a visit along the way. I'm not a cultivator... All that fierce work just now left me starving!"

Zhai Yin took two or three steps and pulled Wang Ming back. "You're not allowed to go!"

"???"

Wang Ming was startled. "What do you want..."

Zhai Yin lifted Wang Ming's chin. "What do you think?"

Then, she slowly closed her eyes and brought her lips closer.

Wang Ming was alarmed. "CPR now... isn't it too late for that..."

Zhai Yin: "..."

...

In the command center at Huaxiu Alliance, the Ten Founding Generals who had watched the battle were shocked.

General Yi stared at President Qi in disbelief. "Heavenly E-Satellite... Did you authorize it?"

The Heavenly E-Satellite's pulse cannon was a state weapon, and absolutely could not be used without the head of state's approval.

President Qi naturally knew what was at stake here, but he believed that Wang Ming wouldn't be that foolish.

"Hurry up and investigate!" President Qi shouted at the technical staff.

In just a few seconds, the results came out.

A technician stared at the screen, frowning deeply. "Reporting, President Qi. The results are out, and this pulse wave which appears to be from the Heavenly E-Satellite... wasn't fired by it. The Heavenly E-Satellite is still on standby."

"Not fired by the Heavenly E-Satellite? Then why did that guy shout Heavenly E-Satellite?" General Yi asked.

"Reporting, General Yi, we did check. After the Heavenly E-Satellite is used, it automatically enters power-charging mode, and it takes roughly half an hour to power up for a second blast. In a normal situation, the Heavenly E-Satellite will automatically enter sleep mode and shut down. But we just checked, and the satellite is in standby mode... This proves that the blast just now wasn't from the Heavenly E-Satellite."

"Oh, so if it wasn't the Heavenly E-Satellite that fired it, then was it a ghost?" General Yi stared at the technician.

The technician felt very wronged and smiled through his tears. "Maybe... it really was a ghost." Because the Heavenly E-Satellite really wasn't responding the way it usually did after it was fired! More than twenty people on the technical team had checked inside out, but found nothing wrong at all.

The female Medicine Saint Luo Qiuhuai of the Ten Generals shook her head. "I agree with Old Qi. While Wang Ming is normally a little naughty and playful, he isn't someone who would break the rules. Perhaps this pulse wave wasn't fired by the Heavenly E-Satellite at all."

Luo Qiuhuai's words directly drew President Qi's attention.

He thought of a possibility. "Check again and see if there have been any new satellites in Earth's orbit in the last few days."

Hearing this, the fingers of the technicians jumped rapidly over the keyboard controls.

In less than two minutes, they found something.

"Found it, President Qi..."

"Status?"

"We checked, and in the last three days, apart from a defensive satellite launched by Mixiu nation, another private satellite was launched from unknown coordinates..."

As expected...

Right after the technician said this, President Qi already knew what had happened.

"Have you checked it?" General Yi asked.

The technician: "... We mobilized ten satellites to go over and take photos, and discovered that this private satellite is almost identical to the Heavenly E-Satellite in appearance and design. Furthermore, there are obvious traces of it launching a pulse wave; it's now in sleep mode. In other words, in the period that Professor Wang Ming went missing, not only did he put together a suit of armor, he also specially built a satellite and launched it into space for this suit of armor..."

The Ten Generals: "..."





Chapter 787 Huaxiu Alliance's Regulations for Self-Defense in a Crisis


As an ordinary person, Wang Ming had proven that even if you were a muggle without a gift for cultivation, you could use your own wisdom and knowledge to change your destiny!

Of course, the truth was that people like Wang Ming were still in the minority, and it might not be possible for someone like him to show up for another several millennia. But ordinary people were indeed capable of changing their destiny. The point wasn't whether they could, but whether they wanted to.

"By the by, the mecha armor which Wang Ming this kid invented wasn't destroyed, was it?" While General Yi's words seemed dubious, his tone was very certain.

At that time, many people had been blinded by the radiance from the pulse wave produced by the Heavenly E-Satellite. When the light faded, the majority saw that Wang Ming and Wu Zhenjun had already fallen to the ground.

But this couldn't fool a True Immortal's eyes.

General Yi and the other Ten Generals had seen it very clearly.

The instant the pulse wave's power and light dissipated, Wang Ming had recalled the Wang Ling One armor and put it away inside his storage space; unlike what everyone else thought, this suit of armor hadn't been destroyed by the pulse wave.

"Mm, it indeed wasn't." President Qi nodded.

"As a government researcher, Wang Ming this kid developed this suit of armor without prior notice. According to Huaxiu Alliance's regulations, it should be confiscated, and it seems that Wang Ming will need to be punished," General Yi said.

"Blademaster is as strict and honest as ever."

Medicine Saint Luo Qiuhuai smiled on the side and said in a mollifying tone, "But considering how sudden this incident was, Wang Ming developed this suit of armor during a life-threatening crisis. Although he didn't give prior notice, according to 'Huaxiu Alliance's Regulations for Self-Defense in a Crisis,' he can be exempted from the corresponding punishment, and even the armor may not be confiscated - it is his personal belonging and Huaxiu Alliance has no right to interfere."

General Yi's eyebrows formed a knot again.

Actually, he understood this reasoning.

"Little Ming won this battle. But at the very last moment, he chose to play dead. All of you should know why..." President Qi said lightly.

How could the Ten Generals not know the implication of Wang Ming's behavior?

Despite the huge gap in realm and strength, this high-tech suit of armor had bridged that distant until they were almost on equal footing.

If Wang Ming ultimately achieved a clear and decisive victory in this fight in front of everyone, it would undoubtedly have a huge psychological impact on the teachers and students watching, and might even lead to some mental issues.

A cultivator's mental state was also a very important deciding factor in their cultivation, which would directly determine whether they could walk even further down the path of cultivation.

If this suit of armor conversely caused the teachers and students present to stop moving forward in the future and to try relying on the power of science and technology to quickly improve their strength, that would truly be too unrealistic.

Wu Zhenjun had also collapsed.

At the very least, Wang Ming had deliberately turned this match into a draw and demonstrated that neither cultivation nor science were inferior to each other, but were mutually complementary.

"Little Ming once said to me that science is dead, but cultivation is alive... the possibilities for the latter are endless," President Qi said.

This statement which Wang Ming had once said was one of the important reasons why he had brought this situation to a draw.

Although Old Qi himself didn't know why a muggle who couldn't cultivate would assert this great principle like he was pouring out chicken soup for the soul, it could be said that this statement was something Wang Ming had experienced for himself since young.

The suit of armor which Wang Ming had developed this time was certainly very unusual.

It could fight a level nine Itinerant Immortal to a draw.

But if Wang Ming encountered someone just a little stronger, his equipment would be torn apart in minutes.

Given the current level of science and technology, it was actually at a bottleneck.

And Wang Ming had already considered the issue of breaking through this bottleneck when he was upgrading "Wang Ling One" for the third time.

He felt that the Domain of the Gods definitely had the answers he was searching for.

But that was a story for later...

"What do the rest of you think?" General Yi turned to look at the other Ten Generals.

"What Qiuhuai and Old Qi said isn't unreasonable. Wang Ming can be excused from being punished, and can also keep the armor. I think he should even be given a commendation." Looking at the others, Marshal Jiang finally cleared his throat and spoke on their behalf.

"A commendation?"

"Yes."

Marshal Jiang said categorically, "For Wang Ming, this was originally a situation in which death was imminent, but he turned it on its head through his own efforts. And most importantly, in the middle of such a crisis, he actually managed to composedly design this type of futuristic suit of armor in the face of death. I believe this is worthy of commendation, and we should then have an internal review where Wang Ming can share how he made this armor."

General Yi was taken aback. "Are you the devil?"

Marshal Jiang: "..."

The Ten Generals darted looks at Marshal Jiang, and instantly understood.

This was just another form of confiscation...

Marshal Jiang gave a shrug. "Of course, it's just a suggestion. Commendation or not, review or not, these can be discussed separately. The point is that Wang Ming doesn't have to be punished, nor hand over his armor. Mm... That's all I wanted to say."

"The Dead Sea of Space has long been called the tomb of magic treasures, and all the major nations' use of it has always been very limited. Many of them, including our country, regard the Dead Sea of Space merely as a dumping ground. But this is proof that some of these magic treasure scraps, whether thrown in or sucked in by accident, are actually still useful. If the Dead Sea of Space can be properly exploited and these abundant scraps retrieved for use, by turning trash into treasure... this is a secret goldmine."

President Qi gave his opinion. "So my suggestion is that we can have the review, not for Little Ming to share how he made the armor, but for him to talk about the Dead Sea of Space. At the same time, he can explain how that Dark Network member Ghost Head Blade died. What do you say, Old Yi?"

"Mm, since Battle Saint and Medicine Saint have spoken, this old man naturally has no other objections." General Yi nodded in agreement.

Ghost Head Blade was now a corpse in the Dead Sea of Space. If this news got out, it was bound to be a huge blow to the Dark Network.

"Finally, as for the commendation that Battle Saint mentioned, I don't think it's necessary. Wang Ming this brat is still a good-for-nothing, we can't praise him too much. And honestly speaking, I'm still going to punish him... ultimately, it was still because he was too rash that this type of crisis came about this time! This reckless youngster!" Speaking up to this point, President Qi smacked the table, his red face making him seem angry.

The technical staff one after another bent their heads to their work and didn't dare make a sound.

Only the Ten Generals were clear as a mirror in their hearts...

While Old Qi's expression seemed unruffled like the surface of an old well, his heart was in fact bursting with happiness.

Since time immemorial, there was no teacher who wouldn't be delighted when their disciple surpassed them!

But President Qi had to restrain himself; no matter how red his face got, he couldn't show it...





Chapter 788 Aggrieved Heavenly Dao


The other Ten Generals were still here, and there were still so many technical staff present. As a commander... how could the aloof Wisdom Saint laugh?

"Now that everyone has agreed, then this is what we've decided for the time being. We'll discuss everything after Little Ming comes back." President Qi did his best to contain his emotions and cleared his throat.

"By the way, did the head of state find any clues on the mysterious expert?" General Yi asked again at that moment.

He was very focused on the expert lurking among the teachers.

"For the moment, it seems not. This senior is so good at hiding that even the head of state is unable to detect him."

President Qi shook his head. "But it doesn't matter. After everyone returns from Beast King's Remains, we'll be conducting a physical exam especially aimed at all the lead teachers."

"A physical exam?" General Yi raised his eyebrows.

His mind was subconsciously telling him that this physical exam was anything but simple.

President Qi nodded. "We've always carried out a physical exam in the past, mainly for quarantine purposes when we examine teachers who were injured to see if they accidentally brought back any unusual viruses from the remains. But this year's physical exam is for everyone; not just the teachers, but also the students who attended the summer camp. That is also the head of state's opinion."

Everybody already understood when President Qi said this.

This physical exam for all the teachers was most likely a plan specially aimed at that mysterious expert...

High-precision scientific equipment was used in a physical exam, and common concealment techniques had no way of escaping detection. Besides, a blood test was absolutely unavoidable during quarantine. If a teacher avoided taking the physical exam when the time came, he could basically be included on the list of suspects.

In a word, it would definitely be a very difficult situation for the mysterious expert to get out of.

The Ten Generals all nodded their heads.

This move by the head of state was truly brilliant!

...

Then, it was August 5th on Saturday in the fifteenth week of the semester.

Wang Ling got home in the early hours of the morning as Zhuo Yi drove him to the front of the Wang family's small villa.

Actually, Wang Ming originally planned to send Wang Ling home himself, but in the end, he still couldn't persuade Zhai Yin to let him do so, and she dragged him back to the research institute to make a report... She had been incredibly tense when she heard the news that the institute was going to punish Wang Ming, and was still unaware of the decision to exempt him from punishment.

So after they came back from the remains, Zhai Yin forcefully dragged Wang Ming off to admit his mistake as soon as possible and demonstrate the right attitude in order to fight for leniency later.

Er Ha hadn't been at home the last two days, and had run off again to play games with Wei Zhi.

Wei Zhi could be considered a pet trainer of some repute in Songhai city. He now spent the whole day with Er Ha: walking together, taking public transport together, and going out together. Because of this, Er Ha no longer needed to surreptitiously take public transport. Even when it spoke on the bus, no one thought it was strange.

Because Wei Zhi was a famous pet trainer...

What was so weird about him owning a talking dog?

The only thing Er Ha still needed to worry about was the Society of Saints...

In the last few days when Wang Ling hadn't been home, President Fu of the Society of Saints and his secretary Han Jin had dropped in for a visit. They wanted to hire Er Ha at a high salary to be the class monitor of the spirit beast class at the Society of Saints... Unfortunately, however, Er Ha had just happened to be at Wei Zhi's place at the time, and Father Wang and Mother Wang couldn't directly make the decision for it.

Thus, President Fu and his assistant changed course and went to the family apartment building that Wei Zhi was in.

However, they couldn't get in at all...

For Er Ha, its current life on Earth was very comfortable, especially after it had adapted to this body. Its days were very relaxed and pleasant. In a place like a spirit beast class, all the spirit beasts would have owners behind them who most likely didn't have ordinary identities. If Er Ha decided to enter this class, it might instead cause problems for Wang Ling.

Mm...

The above was what Wang Ling had seen in Er Ha's diary.

Er Ha's diary was always open and wasn't tucked away in some secret place; it was just left under Wang Ling's bed...

It had to be said that Er Ha was getting better and better at writing. The characters it wrote with a pen in its paw were very bold and vigorous. Furthermore, each character was a very uniform square. They looked neat and tidy from a distance, and were incredibly orderly! They looked like print, and were simply a delight for OCD people!

...

Wang Ling didn't rest that night, and instead was busy thinking about what had happened during the summer camp.

He had indeed gained a lot from the summer camp, but it was a lot of hassle as well...

Dealing with the aftermath was a huge problem.

First of all, Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng, these two young masters from Remnant High, definitely wouldn't give up looking for him. These two were pretty influential in Songhai city, and were like ticking time bombs. He had to find a way to handle them later.

Of course, compared with Li Mingyao and Zhou Youzheng, the head of state was the big problem.

While Wang Ling hadn't directly attracted the head of state's attention this time, everyone had received the notification on the way back from the summer camp that they had to undergo a quarantine physical exam next Monday.

This quarantine was for all the teachers and students who had participated in the summer camp.

It was obvious that the head of state must have discovered something, and his suspicions about the "mysterious expert" was already no longer purely limited to the teachers...

Since Wang Ling had to be on guard against this, he had to put measures in place beforehand, otherwise he would be caught unprepared when the time came, which would be self-defeatist.

Of course, apart from all this hassle...

Speaking of what he had gained from the summer camp this time, it had to be the "Domain of the Gods."

The Domain of the Gods was indeed real, because from a young age, Wang Ling had been having countless vague dreams of a divine immortal island, but he didn't know nor did he have any memory of what that place was...

Was that place the Domain of the Gods?

Or, was it a place related to the Domain of the Gods?

What information Wang Ming and Zhuo Yi had learned from Devil King about the Domain of the Gods was still rather limited.

Any discussion had to wait until Xiao Yin saw whatever was inside the small black box which Devil King had given him.

Wang Ling pondered, chin in hand.

Then, he rapped on the floor...

After the last time he had set up the Heavenly Dao array in his room, Wang Ling had especially told Mother Wang not to erase it for convenience' sake.

So Wang Ling just needed to rap on the floor.

Moments later, the three-inch man that was the embodiment of Heavenly Dao appeared in the middle of the array...

"What do you want this time?"

The three-inch man was scared when he saw Wang Ling.

Then he looked at the floor, and when he realized that this was still the same array which Wang Ling had used to summon him the last time, he was instantly speechless.

He was Heavenly Dao!!

Not Tudi Gong 1 !!!!

1(Chinese god of the earth..)





Chapter 788.1 Immortal King's daily life cultivation school introduction table



[ Number 59 High School ]

National high school cultivation school ranking: 82

World High School cultivation school ranking: 371

Country of cultivation: Huaxiu nation

Characteristics: Spirit Sword Combat, team combat

Average level of students: middle stage of foundation establishment stage

Representatives: Director Xie, he bufeng, Tang Jingze, and the third young master of the Liang family

Principal: Jin Liang (Level 8 itinerant immortal)

Details of the Cultivation Academy: as Number 60 High School's ally and competitor, Number 59 High School and Number 60 High School have a long-standing grudge. The two schools hold a spirit sword conference every two years to test the gap between the students. At the same time, Number 59 High School's Principal Jin and Number 60 High School's principal Chen, as fellow disciples of the Seven Stars sect, had been secretly competing with each other for a very long time,however, at critical moments, the two principals would still choose to join forces to resist foreign enemies, bringing glory to Huaxiu's cultivation college sand universities as they faced the world.



[ Number 1 Middle School of demon capturer ]

National High School Cultivation College ranking: 18th World High School Cultivation College ranking: 96th

Country of cultivation: Huaxiu

Characteristics: control science, puppet-type spells, deep understanding of the Dao and essence of all types of control spells

Average realm of students: Late Foundation establishment stage-early golden core stage

Representative: Gao Tianming (new student captain of Demon Capturer Number 1 High School)

Principal: Li Qingxi (level 3 true immortal)

Details of the Cultivation School: Demon Capturer Number 1 High School was founded less than 60 years ago and only 600 years ago. However, it was a cultivation school funded by the Orthodox light sect, the demon capturer sect. Moreover, during these 600 years, li Qingxi had made an important contribution to the country's work of eliminating demons and protecting the road, as well as the cultivation of talents in the immortal art mobile team. As the sect master of the demon capturer sect and the current principal of the demon Capturer Number 1 high school, li Qingxi, nicknamed the demon capturer,was also well-known.



[ Titan High School ]

National High School Cultivation Academy ranking: 27th

World High School Cultivation Academy ranking: 112th

Characteristics: Titan divine technique, physical victory

Average realm of students: Late Foundation establishment stage-early golden core stage

Representative who has appeared: Zhu Hanyun (Titan High School's new student captain, debut chapter 1133)

Principal: Titan old ancestor (Level 1 true immortal)

Details of the Cultivation Academy: Titan High School has a tonnage system,and after entering the school, they practice the same cultivation technique,Titan technique. It is said that it can continuously compress a person's density. The students inside looked normal, but in fact, some of the students weighed more than a thousand pounds, or even tens of thousands of pounds. According to the classification of the Titan technique, if one's weight exceeded 1,000 pounds, it would be a truck, 2,000 pounds would be a tank, 5,000 pounds would be a battleship, and above 10,000 pounds would be an aircraft carrier. Students from Titan High School, using exercises to compress the weight, so that their bodies become extremely dense, almost indestructible body.



[South China Sea]

National ranking of high school cultivation schools: 57

World ranking of high school self-cultivation schools: 159th

Country of cultivation: Huaxiu nation

Characteristics: Perceptive Science, natural science, good at geographical warfare, environmental warfare

Average realm of students: Mid Foundation Establishment Stage-late Foundation establishment stage

Representative: Nan Yixiu

Principal: Nan Feng (Level 2 true immortal)

Details of Cultivation Academy: the students of South Sea Sky have the ability to communicate with all living things, and are very powerful perceptive science students. By using the environment to fight, they would gain a natural advantage in the national world-class competition, and they might be able to create a victory by surprise. It was a magical cultivation academy that people had to be on guard against. The comprehensive student realm of the school was not high, but the comprehensive ranking of the school had obtained an extraordinary ranking in the whole country and even in the world.



[ Kudao and high school ]

National ranking of high school cultivation schools: 19th

World ranking of high school cultivation schools: 99th

Country of cultivation: Sun Island

Characteristics: good at combining yin-yang studies and summoning techniques

Average level of students: middle stage of the Golden Core Stage

Representatives: Liangzi Jiugong, Sasaki Chiya (chairman of Kudao andstudent union, head of the Gray Cult Branch) , Sparrow (vice-chairman ofKudao and student union, vice-head of the Gray cult branch, IT master) ,Kaede Ono (head of the Gray Cult Branch) , Panasonic Galaxy (head of the Gray cult branch)

Jiugong and Rainbow Gang of seven: Red Flame Club, Orange Light Club,yellow photography club, green hair club, green hair club, blue color club,purple maple club

Principal: Akaki Jiugong (Level 3 true immortal)

Details of the Cultivation Academy: as a private school founded on the basis of the Jiugong family, Jiugong and high school have an unshakable position Sun Island. After introducing the foreign-funded education system, Jiugand high school once promoted the campus wolf culture, they encourage students to establish their own small gangs to make their overall strength stronger through infighting. However, due to this wolf-like cultivation learning culture and infighting, Jiudao and high school once had a serio problem of school violence, and the rainbow seven sons gang, which ha formed from internal divisions, was no longer under the control of the union. This phenomenon wasn't properly resolved until Wang Ling and others arrived as exchange students. Facts proved that in the face of abs strength, it was useless to form gangs.



[ Swirl Emperor ]

National High School Cultivation Academy ranking: 3

World High School Cultivation Academy ranking: 8

Country of cultivation: mixiu Nation-greo city

Characteristics: five elements, team battle,

student average realm: late golden core stage

Principal: Catherine Bader (Level 5 true immortal, not appearing)Details of the Cultivation Academy: the Whirlpool Emperor located in GreoCity, Michaux country, has world-renowned powerful cultivation resource sand heritage. It promotes the "Six prodigies"as the model of the academy,facing the world and moving towards the future. The six prodigies would change their ranks every three years. Everyone would undergo the most rigorous test and the final lineup of the six prodigies would be determined. Among them, the one with the highest overall aptitude would be the captain of the six prodigies. The previous six prodigies of Vortex High School had never fallen into the top three in the ranking of the high school students of the World Cultivation Academy. The same was true for the current captain, Su Kewei(ranked second in the world) .

The representatives who had appeared were Su Kewei and the other five prodigies



[ Number 60 High School ]

National High School Cultivation Academy ranking: 81st

World High School Cultivation Academy ranking: 370th

Cultivation Country: Huaxiu nation

Characteristics: without Wang Ling in front of them - team battle, victory is achieved through struggle. With Wang Ling behind them - God kills God, Buddha kills Buddha

Student Average Realm: Mid Foundation establishment stage

Representatives: teacher Pan, Wang Zukang, Wang Ling, Lotus Sun, SuperChen, hero Guo, Fang Xing, Wang Zhen, Zhenyuan, Gu Shunzhi, Liu Qingyi, LiYouyue, Xia Ming, Little Peanut, and so on ..

Principal: Chen Tianxiang (level 9 itinerant immortal)

Details of the Cultivation Academy: Read your own books





Chapter 789 You Always Want Something From Me, But Never Say Thank You


The golden three-inch man that was the embodiment of Heavenly Dao really wanted to cry, but he always felt utterly powerless when he was facing Wang Ling.

He had been summoned here over and over again this month, not because Wang Ling wanted to trade resources or anything, but because he wanted to ask about secrets.

But these secrets were all mysteries only known to heaven...

Most importantly, trading for these mysteries was bad enough, but who would trade for them using crispy noodle snacks?

Blame everything on his father, who had originally used crispy noodle snacks in a transaction with the boy in front of him, thus leading to this reality...

Devil...

"Go ahead, what do you want?" The golden three-inch man sighed, already completely giving in to this reality.

Wang Ling was rummaging through his drawer. He actually didn't have many crispy noodle snacks left, and was very reluctant to give them away.

And so, he was looking for expired crispy noodle snacks.

The flagship store had a recall service for expired crispy noodle snacks. Since Wang Ling was a gold card VIP customer, the flagship store could come by to retrieve the expired snacks, but Wang Ling had thought later that he should keep some of them for the Heavenly Dao.

Thus, before the summer camp began, Wang Ling had used the door-to-door VIP service and had gotten Er Ha to help do a swap. Furthermore, what he wanted in exchange was expired crispy noodle snacks...

An intact original flavor crispy noodle snack packet could be exchanged for three expired crispy noodle snack packets!

The golden three-inch man was blank at this scene, and he immediately stretched out a shaky hand. "— Young hero, wait a minute!"

Wang Ling turned around. "???"

The golden three-inch man: "You actually don't need to use crispy noodle snacks for a transaction... We're just a loan service, so you can ask your questions first and then swap handwritten copies for them later."

So good?

Wang Ling's eyes sparkled when he heard this.

The Heavenly Dao this time was really quite conscientious!

Wang Ling sighed with feeling in his heart.

But the problem was that he had already prepared the expired crispy noodle snacks; it would be a shame if he didn't use them!

"Just nice, three questions."

Wang Ling spoke lightly, and then presented three packets of expired crispy noodle snacks.

The golden three-inch man was shocked. "Ex- expired?"

Wang Ling raised his eyebrows and stared at the Heavenly Dao as he said in a firm telepathic voice: When we make a deal, it depends on what I have, not what you want...

The golden three-inch man simply wanted to cry. "..."

"Let's begin." Wang Ling stared at the golden three-inch man.

The golden man wanted to cry but had no tears to shed. He rubbed his hands together, and a golden scroll emerged. "This is the Book of Heavenly Mysteries, a golden scroll which is an exclusive record of all the mysteries of heaven. You can put your question inside the Book of Heavenly Mysteries, and it will show you the answer."

The Book of Heavenly Mysteries was a supreme magic artifact which was a record of all the secrets of Great Dao. It was a naturally occurring, divine level magic treasure that surpassed all of heaven and earth, and was of course a level above world-defying magic artifacts.

An ordinary person had to pay the price in order to behold the secrets of Heavenly Dao.

Answers to all the secrets stored in the Heavenly Dao's Repository of Heavenly Mysteries could be obtained from this book.

Of course, these secrets had to be related to "Heavenly Dao."

A lot of questions wouldn't be valid, such as: what does so-and-so like to eat, what sort of scandal fodder there was on them...

If these people themselves weren't closely connected to Heavenly Dao, then their questions were all in vain.

According to the laws of Heavenly Dao, the price for beholding the Repository of Heavenly Mysteries was as follows:

One: To behold the heavenly mysteries, a person has to trade something of equal value, and if necessary, it might be at the cost of one's life.

Two: Following on from Rule One, after an answer is obtained at the cost of one's life, the person will disintegrate into fine powder and disappear in forty-eight hours.

Three: If the person who beholds the heavenly mysteries is extremely evil, they will never be reincarnated after death.

Four: After obtaining their answer, the person who beheld the heavenly mysteries must guard this top secret. If they leak it, they will be struck by lightning as punishment by Heavenly Dao, never to be reincarnated.

Five: To behold the heavenly mysteries, a person must have cultivated more than a hundred Heavenly Dao, or possess more than three Outer Dao.

Six: To behold the heavenly mysteries, a person can use an equivalent amount of their lifespan to make up the value of their offering.

Seven: The Heavenly Dao reserves the right to interpret the price.

Eight: People on the Heavenly Dao white list are not bound by the above rules...

And it just so happened that Wang Ling was on the Heavenly Dao white list.

So the golden three-inch man couldn't do anything to him.

If other people wanted to behold the heavenly mysteries, they would pay with their lives at the very worst.

When Wang Ling wanted to behold the heavenly mysteries, he just needed to hand over handwritten work which he didn't want, or even expired crispy noodle snacks.

— You could do whatever you wanted if you had privilege!

The golden three-inch man felt very helpless, but could only accept this...

What was the saying?

When the wheel of Heavenly Dao turns, who will Wang Ling get a hold of...

They were finally seeing the bitter fruit of what they had planted back then.

And so, when Wang Ling wrote down the questions he wanted to ask inside the Book of Heavenly Mysteries and looked up again, he saw two streams of tears actually running down the golden three-inch man's indistinct face...

The man was actually crying?

Wang Ling was a little confused as to why.

He was such an affable person!

The golden three-inch man wiped at his tears and put away the three packets of expired crispy noodle snacks in front of him... Wang Ling was privileged enough that he could usually use his handwritten work to swap for resources, yet he used these three expired snack packets, which really weren't as good!!

"Your questions have been received by the Repository of Heavenly Mysteries... Hm, it'll take roughly three to four minutes for the answers to show up in the Book of Heavenly Mysteries." The golden three-inch man rolled up the scroll and placed it in front of Wang Ling.

Three or four minutes was precisely enough time for a song.

All of a sudden, the golden three-inch man was seized by a whim to play Wang Ling a song.

"Why don't you listen to this song..."

The golden man simply clapped his hands, and a melodious singing voice in 3D surround sound instantly filled the room.

The song's beautiful prelude rang out.

Wang Ling: "This is...?"

The golden man: "This is sung by a Heavenly Dao female singer. Each of us Heavenly Dao has a different role. When a lot of cultivators pass away, they see their lives flash before their eyes, and will hear melodious music, which is quietly performed by the Heavenly Dao female singer in the background. So not just anyone can hear her voice — it can change in myriad ways, and is an accumulation of all the most remarkable voices throughout the cosmos. Every voice can imitate an instrument, so she can sing with an accompaniment."

Wang Ling: "Mm..."

At that moment, this Heavenly Dao female singer with the countless voices had finished singing the prelude.

The song officially started:

You always want something from me, but never say thank you.

Not until I grew up did I realize that crispy noodle snacks were cheap.

Each time we do a trade, you pretend everything's fine,

Saying with a smile "let's trade, I'll give you expired snacks 1 ... "

1(Adapted from the song "Father" sung by Chopstick Brothers ..) ...

The golden man: "So, anything you want to say?"

Wang Ling: "Mm, it sounds nice."

"..."

The golden man completely gave up on Wang Ling...

Forget it, expired was expired...

There weren't many better clients than those on the Heavenly Dao white list who couldn't be condemned to death...





Chapter 790 The Mysteries of Heaven Cannot Be Divulged


Regrettably, Wang Ling himself actually didn't know that he was on the Heavenly Dao's white list of clients.

The Heavenly Dao white list wasn't made public. Once you were added to the list, it was a secret that only the Heavenly Dao knew.

But whether or not Wang Ling knew that he was a white list client actually wasn't important... When all was said and done, even if he wasn't a white list client, they couldn't defeat him...

Each of the Three Thousand Heavenly Dao was from a large family clan, and they were divided into numerous little golden people that differentiated between generations by size.

To defeat Wang Ling, if the three thousand Heavenly Dao family clans joined hands... then they might have a faint chance of winning.

A few minutes later, Wang Ling followed the little golden man's instructions and opened the Book of Heavenly Mysteries.

Previously, Wang Ling had written down three questions in the book:

One: Is President Bai, Bai Zhe, dead or not?

Two: Is the angler an inhabitant of the Domain of the Gods?

Three: Where on earth is the Domain of the Gods?

The Book of Heavenly Mysteries answered the above three questions in turn.

Just as Wang Ling expected.

President Bai didn't die back then.

During the summer camp, Wang Ling had had a bad feeling. He knew that Night Ghost Spirit Emperor had absorbed President Bai's soul, and the slap he gave Night Ghost Spirit Emperor when he invaded President Qi's mind at the time had been a little hard.

After that, Wang Ling wondered if President Bai would take that opportunity to make a comeback.

And sure enough, it was as he expected.

This cockroach was still alive...

So now the situation was a little complicated.

Because President Bai would definitely continue to try and get his revenge. Also, the Heavenly Dao had already confirmed that the angler from before was someone from the Domain of the Gods...

As for the location of the Domain of the Gods -

The Book of Heavenly Mysteries didn't give a direct answer.

According to the book, Wang Ling had to find the angler and verify the latter's identity first before the answer to the third question could be revealed...

Wang Ling frowned when he saw this, since the third question was obviously the most important one.

This was the little golden man's first time seeing a frustrated expression on this little master's face, and he said a little testily, "It's like this because you asked too many questions. As for the answer to the third question, the original asking price was very high; this is already a pretty good answer. After all, the mysteries of heaven cannot be divulged 1 !"

1(The title of another Chinese novel..) Wang Ling: "..."

...

Elsewhere, Lord Thunder and Xiao Yin were enjoying a dinner of broccoli salad.

Lord Thunder hadn't been idle while Xiao Yin was gone. He had been looking into the identities of both the mysterious angler as well as the informant who continued to leave clues on the forum. After the incident with President Bai, the informant had continually shared new information anonymously on the cultivation forum... Lord Thunder's instinct told him that there was definitely some sort of connection between the angler and the informant.

Lord Thunder picked up a piece of broccoli with his fork and put it in his mouth. "Looks like a lot happened at Beast King's Remains this time?"

His mouth stuffed full, Xiao Yin's words were muffled. "Unfortunately, we were still played. His Majesty Beast King wasn't dead, but had been scammed for over a thousand years..."

"When will you be able to open that box which Beast King gave you?" Lord Thunder was very curious about the little black box.

"It's going to take a while to open the box. His Majesty Beast King gave me a set of martial art techniques, and I have to master them first before I can open the box; I need to practice and cultivate them to at least level five first before I'll be able to open the box."

Lord Thunder sweated. "Level five... You haven't started practicing, have you?"

Xiao Yin nodded. "No, I haven't; I need to start from scratch. I did consolidate the art's heart sutra on the way back."

Lord Thunder: "Then... How long will you need to study for?"

Xiao Yin sucked his finger, a look of deep contemplation on his face. "Cultivating to level one will take two or three days. Based on the martial art's increasing level of difficulty, cultivating to level five will take at least a week, so at the most half a month to a month?"

Lord Thunder: "..."

Even if it took a month to cultivate to level five, that was already the speed of light...

As expected, the holy beast race were monsters of the highest kind. Each holy beast could be said to be a cultivation genius blessed by their ancestors... But still the most crucial thing was their long lifespans, and apart from the relative difficulty of cultivating realms, they learned everything else quickly.

Sure enough, if you compared yourself with "Silver," it would only make you angry...

This learning speed was actually very astonishing, but in Xiao Yin's eyes, this was a basic operation that couldn't be any more ordinary.

It was like a curve wrecker getting 98 on an exam and exclaiming over why two marks had been deducted while you sighed over how they managed to score 98 marks...

This was the gap...

A human's cultivation rate couldn't compare with a holy beast's at all.

At this thought, Lord Thunder took a deep breath.

He felt that he still had to be like Buddha in his cultivation and have patience.

Old Senior Wang at the Wang family's small villa had already shown him a shortcut on the path to enlightenment — broccoli!

Though, he had already been eating broccoli for almost two months, and had yet to comprehend the meaning inside it...

However, since this was a hint from Old Senior Wang, there had to be some basis for it.

Perhaps he hadn't eaten enough of it yet?

Perhaps he wasn't enlightened enough yet...

"What have you been playing lately? Are there any new games?" Xiao Yin nonchalantly poked at his dinner, completely unaware of the internal storm Lord Thunder was experiencing after learning of Xiao Yin's speed in learning techniques.

"Games? I haven't been playing much lately. Brother Xiao... games are a waste of time. Originally, to help you to quickly adapt to the human world, I didn't tell you about the evils of playing games. Do you know how many people play until they lose all their money through small purchases?"

"That bad?" Xiao Yin rubbed his head.

It was clear that he had no idea at all.

"Of course it's that bad!" Lord Thunder's expression was very solemn. "You should know, to obtain the legendary gold card, some people will frequently pay a very hefty price: usually, people who look for the meaning of life in a game are often hollow in reality. Brother Xiao, you should find something to do that has more meaning."

"Aren't I writing a novel?"

Xiao Yin spread his hands. "Although I don't write as well as Senior Wang, I actually feel it's not too bad. And in any case, games don't actually cost much, plus I rarely spend money..."

"Then last month, you..."

Lord Thunder recalled Xiao Yin's e-bill last month.

The online purchases section took up over sixty pages...

"Thunder, think of it this way: the money I spend on games... can it be as much as I spend on takeout?"

"Er... it doesn't seem so..."

"Then that's fine. As long as I'm not spending more money on takeout than on games, then that's proof that I'm not a good-for-nothing Silver."

Lord Thunder was taken aback. "..." What kind of devilish reasoning was that?

To be fair, Lord Thunder thought that this wasn't all Xiao Yin's fault.

It was he who had spoilt Xiao Yin rotten.

It wasn't right to be addicted to games. Lord Thunder felt that he had to guide Xiao Yin back onto the right path as soon as possible.

"I've started prepping for a new project recently. Brother Xiao, do you have time to take part? Just nice, you can also gather some source material for your novel," Lord Thunder cleared his throat and asked.

"What project? Tell me about it?"

Lord Thunder looked at Xiao Yin in deadly earnest. "I'm preparing to establish a sect."





Chapter 791 Five Masters!


A sect wasn't built in a day.

This was now an age of civilized cultivation, where everything was ruled by a system of laws. It wasn't like ancient times, when all one needed to do to set up a sect was find a suitable stretch of land with good fengshui and recruit people. You didn't even need to buy land back then; if there were several people who had an eye on the same piece of land to build a sect, whoever won in a fight would own it.

Establishing a sect in today's society had to take a lot of factors into consideration.

As early as several hundred years ago, roughly the same time the cultivation forum had just been set up, the intent to start a sect had already sprouted in Lord Thunder's heart. But he had had less resources then, and lacked supplies and money. He also didn't have the management skills, strength or connections, or pretty much anything at all.

But now things were different.

The cultivation forum had grown beyond what Lord Thunder had imagined when he first set it up. Relying on the forum, he expanded his relationship network and built connections. At the same time, he made use of the various cultivation news posted in the forum to explore the country all over and uphold justice, thoroughly cementing his reputation as "Great Death-Courting Senior" in the cultivation circle.

For most people, the Soul Formation stage was a realm that they could only hope to reach.

Of course, this realm was far from good enough for Lord Thunder himself; at least, it was peanuts compared with the heavyweight next to him...

Even in the group chat set up in the wake of the cultivation forum, Lord Thunder conceded that his realm was only slightly above average; naturally, he wasn't even on the same level as Wang Ling. Even the newbies Xiao Yin, Brother Fang Xing as well as Daoist Guang who had just joined the group were far stronger than him.

The most terrifying thing was that he had the vague feeling that Er Ha's strength was going to surpass his soon...

An ambitious man would always compare himself with those who were more remarkable.

With the appearance of this gap, he had to work harder and strive to catch up to these remarkable people, so that he himself would become more outstanding and finally become the ultimate ***.

Thunder was this sort of person.

Xiao Yin hardly ever saw such a serious expression on Thunder's face. He was in deadly earnest, and was unlike the usually sunny and carefree Thunder.

Xiao Yin could clearly remember seeing this expression only once before.

That was...

When Thunder had been planting broccoli in the backyard.

Sensing how serious Thunder was as he talked about establishing a sect, Xiao Yin was dazed for a while before he opened his mouth to ask, "Have you chosen a place?"

"I already have several lots of land in mind; they're on the outskirts of Songhai city. I heard from a friend that a new district called Chenling New District is going to be set up there."

Lord Thunder said, "Historically speaking, it's a barren and cursed place, which is why it's been underdeveloped for hundreds of years. Many real estate developers suffered all kinds of weird supernatural phenomenon there, like localized earthquakes, their construction vehicles running up against invisible walls, and even evil spirits howling at night."

"Didn't any fengshui experts go take a look?" Xiao Yin asked curiously.

"In the past, fengshui experts went every day to assess the fengshui of the place. In the end, they divined that it was cursed, so very few people live there," said Lord Thunder.

Hearing this, Xiao Yin couldn't be any more surprised. "Then why did you choose that stretch of land?"

"Because it's said that more than ten years ago... the fengshui suddenly improved overnight,"

"..."

"But I think this probably had something to do with Brother Ling and his family."

"Master?"

"That's right." Lord Thunder nodded. "I heard that they moved there more than ten years ago. Oh, that's right, I forget to tell you, those land lots I chose are very close to Brother Ling's house on East Huang Road."

Xiao Yin finally understood now.

No wonder it had suddenly transformed from a cursed place into one with auspicious fengshui.

Naturally, it was all because Master had suppressed the omens!

Master was already such a formidable person! But there were still so many seniors in the villa! Big Master 1 , Old Master, Old Master's Wife, Grand Old Master... that was fully five masters! No matter how many demons and ghosts there were in that place, so what?

1(Referring to Wang Ming.) With five masters together, this was a Rocket 2 !

2(Reminder, in the card game "Fight the Landlord," a colored joker and black-and-white joker combo can beat everything else in the game.) Xiao Yin initially wasn't overly interested, but after hearing that the sect was going to be established near the Wang family's small villa, he was instantly keen. If the sect was really set up there, it would be a lot more convenient to drop in and visit Master!

"Then, Thunder, do you more or less have a concept in mind?" Xiao Yin asked again.

"I already started putting it together several years ago. I want to start with our chat group as core management. Our sect should be free of the restraints of traditional sect doctrines and rules, and develop its own characteristics. Of course, they shouldn't violate the core values nor the will of the nation. We must never break the law."

Xiao Yin was moved by the sparkle in Thunder's eyes and his earnest expression as the latter spoke. "Brother Xiao, let me ask you a question. When your holy beast race was divided into different groups, wasn't each one like a small sect?"

"A little bit." Xiao Yin nodded.

But those weren't sects in a real sense. A sect needed to be managed, while the tribes of the holy beast race weren't as rigidly supervised.

"Since ancient times, why did people establish sects? To find a group of like-minded Daoist comrades and vigorously promote the secret arts unique to the sect, which would be the key to attracting large numbers of sect disciples."

Lord Thunder got up as he spoke passionately. "In ancient times, it was the strong who in fact established these sects for themselves. There weren't any regulatory systems in place, and the strong wanted to leave their mark on this world by promoting their unique martial arts in order to spread their names far and wide. As for disciples who joined a sect, often it was because they were looking for shelter and peace during the chaos of the Warring Period."

Xiao Yin seemed to understand a little better. "So Thunder, what you're saying..."

"The times have changed! Brother Xiao, do you think people will come like before, if we rely on just martial arts to recruit outsiders? There are now a lot of spirit skills stores online that offer martial arts through various types of copyright collaboration. You can buy any spell you want online, and a digital version will be sent to you, so why would anyone need to go out of their way to join a sect now?"

"Makes sense." Xiao Yin nodded in agreement with Lord Thunder's view.

But Xiao Yin still looked a little hesitant, because after talking for so long, Lord Thunder still hadn't explained his reason for setting up a sect.

"Then what's the point of setting up this sect? Don't tell me you just want to create a broccoli farm..."

"Xiao Yin, you're so smart!"

"..."

"Ah! Of course, that's just one part of the blueprint for the sect! The highlight is yet to come!"

"..."





Chapter 792 A Magnificent Sect Blueprint


Establishing a sect sounded like a very inspiring thing to do.

Xiao Yin didn't know what it felt like to be a sect leader, but he could roughly guess that it was probably similar to being a clan elder in a holy beast clan, and was similar to the patriarch in a big family.

As Lord Thunder had said, modern cultivation society no longer needed sects like in ancient times. People looked for sects back then just to learn a technique which they could depend on during the Warring Period. In the various tussles and contests between sects, the majority of them collapsed. As for the disciples who depended on them, some died defending the honor of their sects, while others wandered about outside before finally switching to a different sect.

In the modern system, while competition between sects still existed, they would never devolve into an all-out fight. With a regulatory government department now in place, light forces nowadays tended to vie with each other through business.

Unlike before, disciples now threw themselves at sects not just for backing, but more so to make money and a name for themselves.

Xiao Yin had previously learned about the establishment of modern human sects.

Put simply, modern sects tended to operate like management companies. Those disciples contracted to these sects were actually like trainees in entertainment companies, and there was no denying that this was becoming the trend in the sect circle now, even if the ranks of inner sect, outer sect, and core disciples still remained.

This was never mentioned on the surface among the sects, but most of them shared a mutual, tacit understanding.

A famous star disciple could subsequently reap considerable profits for their sect, and would greatly boost the sect's popularity, website traffic, their annual new recruit numbers, and so on - it was far more dependable than a star's good looks.

In today's cultivation society, while people still looked at appearance, good-looking people were already a dime a dozen. Thanks to magic and modern cultivation technology, a person born with a face like a raw egg could change so that it was flawlessly white instead.

Competence was now more important.

"Have you spoken to Master about this?" Xiao Yin asked as he nibbled his finger.

This was a habit of his whenever he was pondering something, sometimes to the point of drawing blood.

But given a holy beast's formidable ability to heal, the split skin would recover in practically seconds.

"I was just about to talk it over with Brother Ling about establishing the sect. I even thought previously about having him become an honorary sect leader or deputy sect leader. However, looking at his personality, he definitely wouldn't want it."

"Mm... Master has always been low-key." Head down, Xiao Yin thought for a while before he opened his mouth to suggest, "He definitely won't become a sect leader, but he might agree to being a visiting official?"

"Brother Xiao, that's a good idea! I'll go talk to Brother Ling later; if he declines, it's fine. As for the deputy sect leader position, I actually have another person in mind." Lord Thunder's expression was a little excited as he asked, "What do you think about Brother Zhuo?"

"Little Master?"

Xiao Yin was blank. "Given his position in the group, Little Master is indeed qualified to be deputy sect leader. But he's only at the Golden Core stage, so it might not help in trying to enroll new students. Also, Little Master is a government official, so he probably can't take up a position in an external sect, can he?"

Lord Thunder waved his hand. "That doesn't matter. I've already sent the proposal for our sect to a friend of mine. If it's set up, our sect will be a light force that will work closely with the government."

"Work with them?"

"Yes." Lord Thunder said, "I probably haven't told Brother Xiao the original reason for establishing this sect, have I? I said earlier that modern sects are already different to those in the past. Most sects now are going the way of management companies - they nurture outer sect disciples like trainees, inner sect disciples as newbie performers, and core disciples as idols. But sooner or later, this model will hit a dead end, and it'll definitely have to be readjusted in the future."

"Then what about us..."

"Our sect will be a large, relaxed family which will make the disciples feel at home. When our disciples join the sect, there won't be a classification system based on cultivation progress or overall conditions. All sect disciples will be treated equally and enjoy basic benefits. Those who want to advance just need to complete sect missions to earn prestige points, so even Foundation Establishment disciples will have the opportunity to become an inner or outer sect branch head.

"Also, our sect will have an 'Achieving Dreams' program, completely different from other sects! For disciples who are weaker in their cultivation but have made massive contributions to the sect, we'll nurture them independently and help them realize their dreams - we'll make the impossible possible! It's precisely because of this program that when the time comes, a government supervisory and investigation office will be specially set up. Brother Zhuo can then serve as deputy sect leader as well as leader of this supervisory group. It won't be a problem at all. Furthermore, Brother Zhuo has been active in the public eye in the last few months; if he joins us, this can help expand our sect's popularity in a short timeframe," said Lord Thunder.

Xiao Yin nodded his head, thinking that this was indeed true.

Although Little Master wasn't strong, it was obvious that he was truly touched by the heavens - he had been involved in almost every major event in the past few months.

Zhuo Yi was the main person responsible for the establishment of Songhai First Prison's Mahjong Squad.

Xiao Yin heard that in response to the infiltration of a foreign force this time, the Mahjong Squad had done a great service in enabling General Bai exhibit his strength.

These people should have been given the death penalty, but given their contributions, they could probably get commuted sentences... to several thousand years in prison.

But the problem was whether they would be able to live for that long...

So during their incarceration, the Mahjong Squad had to work day and night to complete all kinds of assigned tasks in exchange for redemption points.

"This 'Achieving Dreams' program sounds great..." Xiao Yin was completely fired up by Lord Thunder's passion.

Although he didn't know how this program would work, it did sound like a project that would benefit the people, and the government would certainly be interested in it.

"It's going to be amazing." Lord Thunder laughed.

Actually, this "Achieving Dreams" program had another name: Project Zhuo Yi, also known as Project Scapegoat.

Lord Thunder had specially designed the program to attract Wang Ling.

After the sect was founded, a "scapegoat" team would be set up.

And Zhuo Yi would be its leader!

"So what about the name of the sect?" asked Xiao Yin.

"Already registered it."

Lord Thunder chuckled as he passed Xiao Yin the information.

Hm... he had registered the name of the sect five years ago.

Since then, he had slowly been working out his plan to establish his own sect.

Then, Xiao Yin glanced at the name of the sect.

And almost had a fright.

...

Gen-

General Office of Strategic Deception?





Chapter 793 The General Office of Strategic Deception's Goon Squad


For some reason, Xiao Yin felt that this name didn't seem very reliable!

"This name doesn't sound very conventional?" Xiao Yin asked diffidently.

Lord Thunder just shrugged and spread his hands. "A regular name won't attract new students. Also, let me ask you, Brother Xiao, who among the people around us is conventional?"

Xiao Yin was instantly blank at this question.

He was truly stumped.

Because it was indeed like Thunder said: there wasn't a single conventional person among them.

"I thought a lot about the plan for the sect, but the name was fixed a long time ago. Cailian Zhenren also knew about it then, and praised it for being an avant garde name." Lord Thunder grinned and gave a thumbs-up. "After Brother Luo performs maintenance on Wuji, I've already gotten him to get Wuji to bring Cailian Zhenren, Brother Er Ha and Dharmaraja here for a meeting. Brother To was also going to come, but I heard that there's been new developments with that girl from the kun's belly, and he's now doubling his efforts in that regard."

Speaking of the girl from the kun's belly, Zhuo Yi had shared details of her case with Devil King back in Beast King's Remains back then, and Devil King had instantly felt that she was inextricably connected with the Domain of the Gods.

Hence, Xiao Yin was immediately startled when he heard this. "She's going to wake up?"

This was a big deal!

"When Brother Ling was at the summer camp, her toes finally moved!" Lord Thunder said, "Brother Toya is now trying something new, and is sticking acupuncture needles into the soles of her feet."

Xiao Yin: "Damn..."

...

It was still August 5th on the fifteenth Saturday of the semester.

Lord Thunder's sect project was in full swing.

Today, a lot of big shots were gathered in his Wenxian Garden villa. Those in the chat group who could come had come: Zhuo Yi, Lightning Dharmaraja, Cailian Zhenren, Luo Chuang, Fang Xing and Er Ha.

They would be the core members of the future "General Office of Strategic Deception" sect, and would be responsible for a department each.

Under each department leader, many branches could also be created, like a 1st division, 2nd division, and so on.

If future disciple recruits made great contributions to the sect, they could become division leaders. While their authority wouldn't be on the level of the chief department leader, they would enjoy the same treatment.

"Our sect is one big loving family - this is our sect's core tenet. If you don't have any problem with that, I'm going to explain the role that each core member present here will play after the sect is founded."

Saying this, he delivered into everyone's hands, as well as Er Ha's paws, a project blueprint handbook for the sect which he had prepared beforehand.

"My initial thought was for Brother Ling to be the deputy chief or honorary chief, but given Brother Ling's personality, it's unlikely he will agree to my willful request. So if nothing unexpected happens, Brother Zhuo will assume the roles of deputy chief of the General Office of Strategic Deception, leader of the supervisory and investigation team, as well as leader of the scapegoat team.

"Brother Dharmaraja will be the leader of the logistics team, which will be mainly responsible for the maintenance and general layout of our sect.

"Cailian Zhenren and Brother Toya, who isn't here, will be in charge of the medicine team. Cailian Zhenren will be deputy leader and Immortal Toya the leader.

"Brother Luo, needless to say, will be the leader of the magic treasures team.

"Brother Dog, leader of the spirit beast team.

"Brother Fang Xing, leader of the goon squad."

When Lord Thunder was done assigning the main positions, Dharmaraja was immediately blank. "Wait! What the hell is the goon squad?"

He dimly recalled what Lord Thunder had just said.

Wasn't this future sect supposed to be a big, harmonious and loving family?

Why was there such a strange department like the goon squad?!

"This goon squad is essential. Although nowadays there isn't any heated conflict between sects, it's necessary for us to set up some kind of security team in case someone drops by to stir up trouble. So this goon squad is actually a security organization."

Everyone was blank at what he said.

Luo Chuang waved his palm-leaf fan and offered a very constructive suggestion. "So the goon squad needs to be equipped with a full set of magic treasures, doesn't it? It'll at least look a little more official if we have a Daoist robe uniform as a dress code. But we'll need funding."

"Don't worry about funding, our sect has ample start-up capital," Lord Thunder said. "As for the Daoist robe Brother Luo mentioned, that's a definite must. Our sect isn't a conventional one, but we still need to be united and have a standard management system in place. But the robe design can be simple and doesn't have to be too complicated. We're just a goon squad, we're not going to war."

Narrowing his phoenix eyes, Fang Xing stroked his chin. "If someone drops by to make trouble, how far can we go?"

"Brother Fang Xing hasn't looked at the handbook yet, right? There's a detailed outline for the goon squad in it; I remember that it's on page 68." Lord Thunder smiled faintly.

When everyone flipped to page 68, they all revealed stunned expressions on their faces.

Holy shit, was this the legendary goon squad?

It was truly awesome...

And so harmonious!

The goon squad...

Really were just slapping hands 1 !

1(The Chinese word for 'goon' or 'hired thug' is 打手, which literally translates to 'hit the hand.') Screw the goon squad!

"Everyone see it?"

Gazing at everyone's expressions, Lord Thunder's smile didn't waver. "As a big harmonious and loving family, the General Office of Strategic Deception will never act outrageously. This is the so-called 'avoid hitting someone else's face 2 ,' so our goon squad is only allowed to hit the other party's hands."

2('Avoid hitting someone else's face and cursing someone's shortcomings' is a Chinese saying which means 'to avoid attacking someone where they are the most vulnerable .. ') Everyone: "..."

A moment later, Dharmaraja took a deep breath. "But will this type of protection really be effective?"

"Why not? Slapping the hands is the easiest and also most civilized form of physical protest. What it needs to be is quick, accurate, and crisp. On this point, I'm going to have Brother Ling share his experience with the goon squad later."

Lord Thunder smiled. "After all, those three men in Songhai Prison were all sent there by Brother Ling's slaps."

Everyone: "..."

At that moment, Zhuo Yi suddenly jumped to his feet. "Senior Immortal, excuse me."

Lord Thunder: "Brother Zhuo, please speak."

Zhuo Yi shook his phone. "It's like this: there's been a response to the investment plan Senior Immortal submitted to the municipal Green Sect Enterprise Investment Committee."

The Green Sect Enterprise Investment Committee was an angel investment foundation set up by Huaxiu nation's Finance Ministry more than ten years ago to support newly set-up light forces.

It was also aimed at encouraging more sects to follow procedure and apply for legal business permits.

"That's great, Brother Zhuo! How much is this boss willing to invest?" asked Lord Thunder.

Although they had a huge amount of start-up capital, they naturally wouldn't decline if someone wanted to invest with them, which would benefit the future development of the sect.

Zhuo Yi: "That boss said that if the sect picks a good location, he'll consider injecting a billion first."

"Just a billion?"

"A billion... immortal gold."

"WTF..."





Chapter 794 Tusheng Technology


Green Sect Enterprise Investment Committee was in essence a foundation. Although it hadn't been long since it was set up, it had already helped many new small and medium enterprises by acting as a bridge to connect them with newly established light force sects and recommending investment opportunities as well as analyzing the market, thereby creating a win-win result in the short term.

It should be noted that these angel investors were all small and medium enterprises, as the large financial groups wouldn't use an intermediary.

Enterprises nowadays all paid particular attention to compound interest and wanted to see huge windfalls in the short term. As long as the background capital chain was strong enough, this would greatly alleviate uncertainties about the future.

Thus, it was extremely favorable for some small and medium enterprises to invest in new sects. They would invest in one or two sects with more potential at the development stage and take control of a certain number of shares. If this sect expanded in the future, the returns would be extremely considerable.

Lord Thunder had learned a little about the investment committee previously. If the sect could attract the attention of these bosses, pulling in one or two billion as investment capital would actually be very easy. Some affluent enterprises could even invest several billion in a sect's initial start-up... but this money was all in HNY!

This was the first time Lord Thunder and Zhuo Yi had heard of an enterprise directly investing with immortal gold.

After conversion to HNY, this investment was worth a full four billion.

Did this boss have a mine at home?

"A billion immortal gold, this person absolutely owns a mine." Cailian Zhenren and the others were also stunned by this number.

"I think we should be more cautious about this."

Er Ha folded its arms and wagged its tail.

"What Brother Dog says makes sense." Lord Thunder nodded.

Although Lord Thunder had anticipated that the sect's framework would definitely attract genuinely interested investors, a billion immortal gold was really too exaggerated and felt a little like deliberate bait.

"Is there any related information on this company?" Lord Thunder asked Zhuo Yi.

After returning from the remains, he had asked Zhuo Yi to help take charge of matters to do with the enterprise investment committee. Given Zhuo Yi's position in the General Administration of 100 Schools, it was easy for him to make inquiries with his colleague in the other department, otherwise this process would have taken longer.

"All the companies are thoroughly audited before Green Sect Enterprise Investment Committee settle on them. The full name of this enterprise is Tusheng Technology, which has branches in and outside the country. Its main business is to foster interest in children cultivation."

"Children cultivation?"

This was a pretty novel concept to many of them, since none of them had kids.

But the fact of the matter was that children cultivation wasn't a new concept.

"Children cultivation has been an up-and-coming industry in the last few decades. It has branched out into various areas and is aimed at fostering children's interest in cultivation when they're very young and unearthing their cultivation potential. Tusheng Technology has made significant contributions in the field of psychological coaching and in helping preschool children build their foundations," Zhuo Yi said.

There naturally wasn't much that needed to be said regarding psychological coaching: through a one-or-one or whole class psychological coaching course, the aim was to subtly guide children who weren't overly interested in cultivation toward becoming more keen. Scientific data showed that even if a child wasn't very gifted in cultivation, a strong passion for cultivation at an early age would benefit them hugely later in life.

As for helping preschool children build their foundations, this was Tusheng Technology's other signature industry. It was mainly to help preschool children build a solid foundation before they reached the Foundation Establishment stage, and to prevent the occurrence of unstable foundations. An unstable realm foundation would cause a person to be stuck at a bottleneck for a long time when breaking through from level nine Qi Condensation stage to the Foundation Establishment stage; their realms could even regress after they advanced to the Foundation Establishment stage.

Tusheng Technology targeted this field in particular, and had developed various products and related courses to help lay a firm foundation, which won widespread approval from parents.

Zhuo Yi said, "Tusheng Technology made use of its achievements in these two fields to set up branches at home and abroad. They were financed through multiple rounds of angel investments by other firms, and finally managed to become a listed company in Huaxiu nation. This is a genuine state enterprise. It's only that it's a fairly young company, so it isn't yet as well-known as Huaguo Water Curtain Group. However, looking at the growth of its annual profits, it will definitely become a Fortune 500 corporation two years from now at the very latest, on par with Huaguo Water Curtain Group."

"So it looks like this Tusheng Technology is pretty reliable?" Listening to Zhuo Yi's description of Tusheng Technology, each and every one of them had glazed expressions.

"It's a certified company, so there shouldn't be any problems. However, the amount they want to invest is indeed a bit unusual." Zhuo Yi lowered his head as he mused.

This company had all the qualifications, and furthermore had obtained outstanding achievements in the field, yet Zhuo Yi had a bad feeling for some reason.

With an angel investment of a billion immortal gold, Tusheng Technology would hold roughly seventy to eighty percent of the shares of the General Office of Strategic Deception.

While Lord Thunder's start-up capital wasn't small, it was far from a billion immortal gold.

With a billion immortal gold, he could set up seven or eight sects...

"Anyway, I think we need to be cautious; what do all of you think?" asked Lord Thunder.

"I couldn't agree more."

Cailian Zhenren nodded. "An investment is admittedly a good thing, but sometimes it carries risk. We and the other party are still pretty much strangers at this point. Even if they are interested in our sect, putting in such a huge amount at one go really doesn't seem right."

"To be a little cautious is a good thing." Dharmaraja also nodded.

"Alright! Brother Zhuo, we'll have to trouble you to contact your colleague to arrange a time with this investor to take a look at some of the sites we've selected for the sect," Lord Thunder said after thinking for a while before turning to look at Zhuo Yi.

No matter what, it wouldn't be proper to directly reject the other party now that they had shown up in all "sincerity" with this investment.

Tusheng Technology could be considered a large company, that for some reason was suddenly inspired to invest in a new sect, which was very fishy. Whatever the case was, however, they should still meet the relevant person-in-charge before anything else.

At the very least, they had to learn the other party's intention.

"When?" asked Zhuo Yi.

"Let's make it tomorrow morning," said Lord Thunder.

The reason why he had set it for tomorrow was because he wanted to call Wang Ling over to check the situation out together.





Chapter 795 Sect Site Location


It was August 6th on the fifteenth Sunday of the semester.

This was a special day: it was the start of a countdown to the second week. That was to say, the high school summer break would start after the final exams ended next week.

In fact, a lot of regular high schools were already on holiday, but cultivation high schools had a different schedule, and usually had their break from August 15th to October 15th. Like regular high schools, however, It was a two-month break.

Wang Ling was a lot more relaxed when it came to the final exams this time, and wasn't as stressed as he had been with the midterm exams. He had been secretly studying the whole time during the summer camp, and had already come up with an extremely thorough revision scope, spotted exam questions, and memorized all the literary poems... In any case, exams for Wang Ling were all about manipulating his scores, which couldn't be any easier for him.

As long as he revised well, he could easily adjust his grade for the position he wanted.

As for the exact score itself, that had to wait until he entered the exam room. After all, not everyone adored studying the way he did.

Like Chen Chao and Guo Hao, for example, as well as the people reading this novel, most chose to cram in the last two days before the final exams.

A saying put it well: "he who has bread in hand has no fear in his heart." The difficulty in manipulating exam scores lay in the fact that there were definitely a number of ways in which a problem could be solved.

It just so happened that Grade One had a summer camp at this time. Since it had taken up time that could have been spent revising, Wang Ling was guessing that a lot of student grades would drop, so it shouldn't matter if he did a little more poorly in the exams this time...

When Wang Ling left the house, he saw Grandfather Wang watering the plants in the garden.

Wang Ling didn't know if he was mistaken, but he somehow felt that the old man's physique seemed a lot more robust. Grandfather Wang was wearing an apron, a pair of loose exercise pants, and nothing else...

Thus, Wang Ling saw Grandfather Wang's large and solid pecs.

He knew that the old man had been making preparations all this time for the showdown with the sect leader of Kitchen Knife Sect, Jiang Haifu. But in the week that Wang Ling hadn't been home, what on earth had the old man gone through?

"Ling Ling, you're going out? Just to let you know first, I've invited Jiang Hiafu here on August 16th for the fight," the old man said as he lifted his head to look at Wang Ling and smile.

"Mm." Wang Ling nodded.

Actually, he had already known since yesterday.

That was the first day of the summer break, and he would be at home.

Yesterday, Father Wang had told him that he had to be at home as part of the judging panel, while Jiang Haifu would bring his son Jiang Bai with him.

Wang Ling still had a vague impression of Jiang Bai, who was a student in the ordinary class.

At the sports meet back then, Jiang Bai had demonstrated his exquisite body outline-tracing archery technique... Wang Ling remembered secretly helping Jiang Bai overcome his trauma.

Unfortunately, while Wang Ling might remember Jiang Bai, there were a lot of people who probably had already forgotten who he was.

Blame the author for his slow updates!

...

Wang Ling was going out today on Lord Thunder's invitation, to help meet with a sect investor.

The first thing Zhuo Yi did after receiving the news that Lord Thunder wanted to set up a new sect was tell Wang Ling. He also hinted that Lord Thunder planned to invite Wang Ling to be an honorary sect leader.

But Wang Ling shook his head as soon as he heard this. Forget honorary leader, even a division leader or whatnot was too eye-catching and out of the question for him.

But Wang Ling's eyes lit up at what Zhuo Yi said next.

Because Lord Thunder planned to open a recreation hall.

And this so-called recreation hall would be a convenience store inside the sect, which would sell... Wang Ling's favorite... he he he.

He had no reason to turn it down.

And so, Wang Ling could only agree to this proposal.

No matter what, he should go take a look.

Lord Thunder had arranged to meet in a place that wasn't unfamiliar to Wang Ling: it was a branch of Midnight Dining Hall, run by Boss Tan's younger brother. After they rescued him from Immortal Mansion back then, he testified as a witness against Cheng Yu, and then ran Midnight Dining Hall with his older brother. Very quickly after that, he opened this branch.

This branch was pretty close to the Wang family's small villa.

Thus, when Father Wang wanted to eat lao tan pickled cabbage beef noodles, he didn't have to go very far for it anymore. Even if he didn't feel like going out, ordering takeout didn't take long, given the distance - fifteen minutes at most!

When Wang Ling reached this Midnight Dining Hall branch and pushed open the door, he found Lord Thunder already sitting inside after being welcomed by Boss Tan's younger brother, Tan Qian.

Tan Qian had been incited by Immortal Mansion at the time to stir up trouble at the Wang family's small villa. Wang Ling hadn't been home, so Jingke had smacked Tan Qian around for a bit. It was only when Boss Tan later delivered a takeout order of beef noodles that he recognized this failure of a brother.

Back then, Tan Qian had cultivated the Panwu Immortal Martial Arts, which led to a dramatic change in his physique and made him larger. But the shortcomings of this martial arts technique was also very clear: while it could upgrade a person's realm in the short term, it drew forcefully from their lifespan. If Wang Ling hadn't intervened back then, Tan Qian would have long turned into an abnormal titan several dozen meters tall.

"Brother Ling, over here!" Lord Thunder waved as he greeted Wang Ling from a distance.

Tan Qian also had a smile on his face as he gazed at Wang Ling with deep reverence. "Sir Benefactor honors me with your presence, and brings light to my humble shop."

Calling Wang Ling his benefactor wasn't wrong at all.

"Sir Benefactor, please sit." Boss Tan gestured in invitation. "Since Sir Benefactor and Senior Immortal are here to discuss business, I've already closed the shop beforehand, and will only reopen after you're done with your discussion. No one will bother you during this time, and all the refreshments in my shop are free of charge for Senior Immortal and Sir Benefactor."

"Mm."

Wang Ling responded lightly as he pulled out the chair next to Lord Thunder and sat down.

Soon after that, Tan Qian presented with a flourish a dessert that Wang Ling would definitely like — a sweet and spicy crispy noodle snack flavored slushie!

Wang Ling's eyes lit up when he saw this slushie piled up as high as a small mountain in the middle of the tray.

From what he could see, this brother had promise...

To err was human; it wasn't too late for a young man who had taken a wrong turn to step back from the edge of the precipice!

Just as Wang Ling scooped up a spoonful of the slushie, a figure suddenly appeared at the shop entrance.

Wang Ling half-turned his face, his expression extremely solemn all of a sudden.

Because this aura felt very familiar.

More importantly...

This aura was tinged with the same flavor as Wang Ling's...





Chapter 796 Heavenly Dao Governing Committee


When Wang Zhen appeared in the front of Midnight Dining Hall, he couldn't help breaking into a sly smile. He was certain that the thief he had been painstakingly searching for all these years was at this moment in this small restaurant called "Midnight Dining Hall."

Finally, this salted fish had taken his bait...

Although he had to pay a small price before that.

But it was just a small enterprise in the world below; buying shares in secret was a piece of cake for Wang Zhen.

His ostensible investment in the new sect which Lord Thunder was planning to set up had all been for the sake of drawing Wang Ling out.

Fortunately, everything was going according to plan.

...

Wang Ling's gaze was fixed on the figure in front of the shop. Separated by a pane of frosted glass, two people with similar auras probed each other.

The reason why Wang Ling had responded to the invitation this time had a lot to do with the person outside the door.

Not long ago, Wang Ling had yet another prophetic dream, in which he was fighting someone whose aura resembled his, and this person was that very "angler" whom he had been investigating for a long time.

Finally, was it time for the truth to be revealed?

Gazing at the frosted glass of the shop's door, Wang Ling silently activated his King's Eye so that it directly penetrated the glass screen and rested upon Wang Zhen's face outside the shop.

Wang Zhen's face instantly froze before his expression turned frightened.

He couldn't believe that a thief could actually be so powerful. He had originally estimated that this thief had stolen at least fifteen hundred Heavenly Dao from him. Furthermore, it wasn't easy to digest these Heavenly Dao, but this thief had already digested seventy or eighty percent of them at least, and was practically on the same level as Wang Zhen!

Damn it...

A little thief could actually digest the Heavenly Dao that was originally his to this extent.

Wang Zhen had already been holding in his grievances for many years.

Because of the difference in the number of Heavenly Dao, he had always been bullied by the eldest young master of the Gu family on Nine-fold Star, and he had been suppressing his resentment for far too long. Now that he had finally found an outlet for venting, he naturally wouldn't let go of this opportunity easily.

"Heavenly Dao field!"

The next moment, Wang Zhen opened his eyes. Countless nomological laws in his eyes actually created a spirit landscape which pulled Wang Ling in.

Instead of a direct fight, the two of them chose to cross swords inside a spirit world.

Thus, while Wang Ling didn't appear to have moved, Wang Zhen had already dragged his soul into the spirit field.

But Wang Zhen was nothing, and ordinarily, Wang Ling wouldn't have let him succeed so easily. However, Tan Qian and Lord Thunder were still here, and if Wang Ling made a direct move, the two of them would become cannon fodder.

So a spirit showdown was a great method: it was both civilized and harmonious.

Inside this perfect, pure white spirit field, Wang Ling finally stood face to face with the angler in the same world.

Although this was their first meeting, Wang Ling was already certain that he and this man were inextricably connected.

Because this man also had the same characteristic and no less remarkable dead fish eyes.

"Who are you?"

Wang Ling stared at Wang Zhen and spoke lightly.

Unfortunately, there was no way Wang Zhen was willing to give Wang Ling a chance to ask questions.

After stewing in his resentment for so many years, he was already utterly enraged.

"Give me back what you stole from me!" Wang Zhen bellowed. He charged forward as he madly swung his fists at Wang Ling.

With a straight face, Wang Ling flickered around continuously to evade Wang Zhen.

Since he had already asked the Heavenly Dao before, and confirmed that the angler was from the Domain of the Gods, this string of evasive maneuvers were the most serious ones he had ever used.

When all was said and done, this person was from the Domain of the Gods, and the number of Heavenly Dao he had on him was terrifying.

There were at least fifteen hundred Heavenly Dao on this man...

Just by dodging him, Wang Ling had already perceived Wang Zhen's real strength, and it had to be said that this person was by far the trickiest opponent he had ever encountered — a slap in the face might not be enough to completely sap the other man of his battle strength.

But unlike how he had handled President Bai back then, Wang Ling wasn't going to settle this fight as quickly by taking off half of the talisman seal — he still had too many questions to ask the "angler" in front of him.

If he accidentally killed him, everything would have been in vain...

For now, the first question Wang Ling wanted to ask was —

They had only just met, but why was this person coming at him directly with his fists...

Had they met before?

And he even claimed that Wang Ling had stolen something from him...

Thus, Wang Ling's verdict was: the inhabitants of the Domain of the Gods might not be very smart!

Wang Zhen, on the other hand, still hadn't given up punching, and while he launched a bunch of fierce Ora Ora 1 punches at Wang Ling, he didn't land a single one...

1(A battle cry or taunt in Japanese..) But Wang Zhen had never been a man who would give up easily!

He had waited too long for this day!

"Great Separation Spell!"

Without holding anything back, Wang Zhen directly cast his Heavenly Dao spell. Heavenly Dao spells didn't require hand seals, and were nomological laws that could be employed immediately.

After the Great Separation Spell was cast, Wang Ling saw countless Wang Zhens suddenly appear in this spirit space; these weren't illusions, but real clones.

Of course, Wang Ling himself was very familiar with this technique.

But who could have imagined that just as Wang Zhen was about to launch his next round of attacks...

At that very moment, the Heavenly Dao were holding a trial...

...

In an alternate dimension, where the little golden people of the Heavenly Dao lived.

The moment Wang Zhen cast the "Great Separation Spell," the Heavenly Dao Committee had convened for an emergency meeting.

Around the circular governing table sat six golden men who were dozens ofzhang tall.

They were the main members of the Heavenly Dao Governing Committee: Strength Heavenly Dao, Time Heavenly Dao, Space Heavenly Dao, Soul Heavenly Dao, Life And Death Heavenly Dao, and Spirit Heavenly Dao...

Strength Heavenly Dao: "We've just received news that someone has attacked the VIP client on the white list."

The other Heavenly Dao were petrified. "There's someone who actually dares attack a white list client? Does this person want to die?"

Strength Heavenly Dao: "But based on the report from the little golden man intelligence officer, the situation is a little more complicated this time. According to the rules of Dao Founder, those who possess Heavenly Dao are not allowed to use them against those on the white list. Of course, this doesn't include comparing notes in a regular fight. We make judgments based on the relationship between the two parties as well as the killing intent behind the use of the Heavenly Dao... However, the man who attacked the white list client has very strong killing intent."

Time Heavenly Dao: "Who is this man?"

Strength Heavenly Dao: "A descendant of Dao Ancestor Wang..."

Hearing this, the six Heavenly Dao fell silent.

A while later, the golden man who represented Life And Death Heavenly Dao said, "Since it was Dao Founder who set the rules, even Dao Ancestor Wang's descendant can't break them. I propose that he be exempted from death, but his Heavenly Dao be confiscated for a period of time as a form of disciplinary action so that he can't use them as per usual."

After he spoke, the other Heavenly Dao looked at one another.

Finally, Strength Heavenly Dao sighed. "That's the only thing we can do...





Chapter 7960 Zhen · Heavenly Dao Warrant


0(Author numbered this chapter the same as the previous one.) It was the shortest meeting of the Heavenly Dao Governing Committee in history.

Because since ancient times, there hadn't been anyone who dared attack clients on the Heavenly Dao white list...

The Heavenly Dao white list had initially been conceived and specially set up in response to a call by Dao Founder Dao Ancestor Wang. The number of people protected by the Heavenly Dao white list was extremely limited and could be counted on a person's fingers, Wang Ling being just one of them. But even so, his position on the white list was very special.

Wang Ling was a Heavenly Dao white list VIP client...

Strength Heavenly Dao had already mentioned this point earlier.

Since he was a VIP client, then he naturally had VIP privileges.

"Since everyone is more or less in agreement, the decision is to take disciplinary action. Then, what would be a fitting number of days the punishment should last for?" Strength Heavenly Dao asked.

The punishment should naturally fit the crime, while also taking into consideration the fact that Wang Zhen was Dao Ancestor Wang's descendant. If they confiscated the power of his Heavenly Dao, his strength would naturally be greatly reduced in the short term. If he ran into some sort of trouble during this time, however, that would be bad.

When Strength Heavenly Dao said this, the other Heavenly Dao fell into deep thought.

Spirit Heavenly Dao said, "How about eighty-one days?"

Space Heavenly Dao shook his head. "Isn't that a little too long?"

Spirit Heavenly Dao: "Attacking a white list VIP client is a death penalty - this is already showing him the greatest consideration."

Space Heavenly Dao: "But if we're too heavy-handed, we won't be able to justify it to Dao Ancestor Wang... If something really does happen to Wang Zhen, how are we supposed to explain it to His Eminence Dao Ancestor when we pay our respects annually at his Valor Palace? Hello, Your Eminence Dao Ancestor, we worked together to confiscate the Heavenly Dao from Wang Zhen, your descendant, and accidentally got him killed? Your Eminence Dao Ancestor, please forgive us?"

"Well..."

"Then how about forty-nine days?"

"No... forty-nine days is also a little long..."

Finally, Time Heavenly Dao sighed. "Then, seven days. Confiscate all his power of Heavenly Dao for seven days. Hopefully, he will reflect properly on himself during this time. Additionally, we have to send someone to explain the situation to Wang Zhen... If he attacks that Lord again, it won't be as simple as just seven days."

The Heavenly Dao all nodded. "Good, then that's what we'll do."

...

On the other side, in Wang Zhen's spirit field, tens of thousands of clones summoned through the "Great Separation Spell" packed the entire spirit space, surrounding Wang Ling thickly. These clones were all corporeal, and every punch would hit flesh. It wasn't going to be that easy to dodge them anymore.

Wang Ling frowned slightly as he pondered how he should respond in this situation.

But in the split second that Wang Zhen attacked him with a roar, golden light unexpectedly penetrated the spirit field and directly hit Wang Zhen.

With a bellow of pain, Wang Zhen was sent flying like a scarecrow. This golden light was very strange. It didn't seem to have broken through the space wall, but had actually directly crossed space to be independently produced in Wang Zhen's spirit space... furthermore, this golden light contained the aura of Heavenly Dao to the full.

While the golden light only appeared for a split second, Wang Ling firmly believed that he hadn't sensed wrong...

This was the power of Heavenly Dao.

When the golden light appeared and blew Wang Zhen away, he immediately knew something was wrong when he was hit. "Shit!"

The next moment, his spirit space split open!

Wang Zhen came back to his senses outside Midnight Dining Hall, his face full of astonishment. Through the glass door, he felt Wang Ling's aura inside, and his hands actually began to tremble involuntarily.

Wang Zhen was now feeling strange.

He actually felt the power inside his body slowly flow away like silt.

Wang Zhen was alarmed. "How is this possible..."

The next moment, he indeed felt it.

His power of Heavenly Dao...

Disappeared!

Furthermore, it was a very thorough disappearance... not even dregs were left!

No way...

Why was it like this?

Wang Zhen clutched his head, unable to believe what was happening.

Why couldn't he use his skills?

Don't tell him the Heavenly Dao skills were on cooldown?

No...

He recalled that Heavenly Dao spells could be cast instantly. When did they need to cool down?!

This despicable thief actually set him up!!

Inside the shop, because the Heavenly Dao golden light had torn apart Wang Zhen's spirit space, Wang Ling was forced to withdraw from it. He actually hadn't wanted to leave, and was initially going to take this great opportunity to ask Wang Zhen several questions. However, he never expected the Heavenly Dao to actually stop Wang Zhen... Just like that, the perfect opportunity to ask questions was ruined!

Wang Ling looked at the door a little glumly.

Tan Qian looked at the figure swaying outside the door and asked in a very low voice, "Why hasn't this boss come in yet? He's been at the door all this time."

"Shh!"

Lord Thunder gestured for him to hush. "Can't you see? The boss is also a Dao expert. He looks like he's standing still at the door, but I bet he's sounding things out. Also, Brother Ling just happens to be here, so he's communing spiritually with this boss."

When it came to fights between experts, the crudest type was to start brawling as soon as you met, while the norm in a mid-level exchange was to rely on a battle of words to force the other side to make a move first. In a top-class encounter, nothing could surpass the current situation: there didn't seem to be any activity on either side, when in reality, they had already infiltrated each other's mind for "a friendly round of swapping notes."

Tan Qian suddenly saw the light. "So it's like that. As expected of Ling Zhenren!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ling didn't know about the Heavenly Dao white list, let alone the fact that the Heavenly Dao had ruled to confiscate Wang Zhen's Heavenly Dao, which was why they had been forced to leave the spirit space. All he saw was Wang Zhen freaking out outside the door after leaving the spirit space, as if his wife had been snatched...

Wang Ling assumed that this person had probably run into some kind of tricky problem all of a sudden.

Maybe he should go take a look?

Wang Ling got up and slowly walked over.

But Wang Zhen was so frightened by Wang Ling's movements that all his hair stood up.

He didn't know why he suddenly couldn't use the power of Heavenly Dao...

But he knew that it definitely had something to do with Wang Ling!

This man's strength was far more fearful than he had imagined!

To actually be able to restrict the power of Heavenly Dao...

If he was nothing more than a thief, how could this sort of thing happen?

As his thoughts raced, a storm stirred in Wang Zhen's heart despite himself.

Although he didn't want to accept the reality, Wang Zhen indeed had no choice but to reevaluate Wang Ling... He wondered if he had gotten the wrong person...

Perhaps, the senior inside wasn't the thief, and the thief... was someone else...

Just as Wang Zhen opened his mouth to speak with Wang Ling, dark clouds suddenly gathered in the sky and thunder rumbled.

When Wang Zhen turned to look behind him, his expression changed dramatically.

"Stay away from him..."

It was as if he heard the voice of Great Dao from deep within, a sound that only he could hear.

The next moment, this sound of Great Dao turned into heavenly lightning that seemed to pierce his head.

This scene...

Wang Zhen couldn't be any more familiar with it.

Heavenly Dao lightning, plus his inability to use Heavenly Dao spells...

In that moment, Wang Zhen was finally sure that Heavenly Dao had passed judgment on him.

He didn't know the exact reason for it, but what Wang Zhen could be certain of was that Heavenly Dao had likely put out a Heavenly Dao warrant on him...





Chapter 797 Wanted: Wang Zhen


This was a completely unforeseen turn of events for Wang Zhen, and far outside of his expectations. He never thought that there would actually come a day when he would be listed as a wanted person by the Heavenly Dao.

Heavenly punishment precisely struck the top of his head in warning. It didn't want to kill him, so apart from blowing his hair up into an afro, it didn't affect him anywhere else.

But what Wang Zhen could be sure of was that if he continued to approach Wang Ling after the Heavenly Dao had listed him as a wanted person, the lightning of heavenly punishment would continue to rain down on him, and each strike would be more powerful than the last.

Thus, after realizing this fact, Wang Zhen's first reaction was to retreat.

He already had no other choice.

Now that he was prohibited from using the power of Heavenly Dao, his overall battle strength was severely reduced. If he were to fight Bai Zhe now, it might end in a tie, or he might even be at a disadvantage... if he continued to get hurt in this state, it would really kill him!

When Wang Zhen saw Wang Ling's aura approach him, he yelled almost hysterically at the little shop, "You, you... don't come over!!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Zhen was horrified when he realized that he actually couldn't withstand Wang Ling's aura.

With the loss of his power of Heavenly Dao, the sense of oppression from the other party was almost several - no, tens of times heavier!

But Wang Ling, who had no idea what on earth happened to Wang Zhen, only wanted to go check on his condition.

Who knew that just as he approached Wang Zhen, the latter started screaming in fear like he had seen a ghost.

When Wang Ling opened the door, Wang Zhen had both his hands clasped to his cheeks, and he even looked like he had turned into that world-famous painting "The Scream."

Screaming, Wang Zhen could only push off the ground as he started to backpedal frantically, but that push didn't create much of a distance. Then, Wang Ling saw Wang Zhen fall down on his face with a cry in the distance... He was so frightened by the oppression of Wang Ling's aura that his body had actually turned soft, so he could only fly halfway up into the air before he lost his strength and fell directly back down...

Boss Tan's younger brother Tan Qian and Lord Thunder were both petrified at this scene. "What happened?"

Tan Qian looked into the distance. "What the heck, why is this boss acting like he's seen a ghost?"

Chin in hand, Lord Thunder seemed to have some idea about what had happened. "Sure enough, bringing Brother Ling here was the right decision. He who never wrongs others does not fear that the ghosts will come knocking. Brother Ling and this boss have never met, but for the man to actually be this scared, he was definitely up to no good. Looks like there really is something wrong with this Tusheng Technology!"

Wang Ling was speechless. "..."

Huh? He really didn't know anything!!

God only knew why this man attacked him at first glance.

And kept going on about him being a thief.

It was obvious in his aggressive manner earlier that he had been ready to attack Wang Ling with Heavenly Dao.

But in the end, this person had fled the battlefield in the blink of an eye; not only had he directly lost his mind, he even looked at Wang Ling like he was seeing a ghost.

And so Wang Ling stopped moving. Standing in place as he observed for a moment, he saw the man push away the gravel and soil with all his strength as he struggled very hard to pull himself out of the ground, like a drowned salted fish. His face was white as a sheet, and his expression was extremely malevolent.

Anyone would think he was possessed.

"Brother Ling, this man doesn't look well. Is he ill? Should we go and check on him?" Lord Thunder asked.

He had overlooked this possible situation earlier. If there wasn't anything wrong with this boss, it was possible that he had an illness to begin with, and it had unfortunately flared up just as negotiations were about to happen... That was one possibility.

"..."

Wang Ling pursed his lips.

He had too many questions to ask Wang Zhen.

But as soon as he took a step in Wang Zhen's direction, Wang Zhen immediately started to scream in fear like before. "De- devil!! Stay back! I - I surrender!" It was clear that his voice was wobbling in his throat as he yelled in alarm.

Undeterred, Wang Ling took another step forward.

Then, he saw Wang Zhen's eyes directly roll up in his head as his entire being stopped moving.

Lord Thunder slowly walked over to check Wang Zhen's condition.

He was still breathing...

But he had already passed out from the fear...

...

At the same time, the six Great Heavenly Dao were also watching this scene in their alternate dimension.

Wang Zhen had already passed out, so the lightning of godly punishment had naturally stopped since Wang Zhen was now already no longer a threat to Wang Ling. Also, it was very obvious that Wang Zhen had been properly punished. Even if his power of Heavenly Dao would be restored to him in seven days, he would think it over carefully before attacking Wang Ling again.

Strength Heavenly Dao sighed. "If he knew it would come to this, he shouldn't have done anything in the first place."

Life And Death Heavenly Dao said placatingly, "He can't be blamed for all of this. After all, apart from the ancestors of Dao Founder, no one else knows about the rule for white list clients."

"That's right."

Space Heavenly Dao nodded. "Hence, I don't think this is a bad thing. It's good for Wang Zhen to learn about this earlier on. After all, that person's identity is very special... It would be better for Wang Zhen to recognize friend from foe now and let go of his former enmity and resentment. In the end, everything he has achieved so far is due to his ancestors. Unfortunately, while the Wang family has been emulating His Eminence Dao Ancestor all these years, none of them have ever been able to surpass him. The era of His Eminence Dao Ancestor has finally passed..."

"Not necessarily."

Spirit Heavenly Dao had a different view. "When all is said and done, Ling's existence is a variable. He is the person who can change the situation of the entire Wang family... Otherwise, His Eminence Dao Ancestor wouldn't have paid such a steep price for this back then..."

Soul Heavenly Dao: "They've been fighting each other all this time in the world below. Why didn't His Eminence Dao Ancestor make this matter clear from the start, or at least leave behind some information? The misunderstanding has now grown bigger and bigger. If it cannot be redeemed in the end, then what..."

Time Heavenly Dao: "The mysteries of heaven cannot be revealed - there are some things that can only be grasped intuitively and not conveyed in words. If His Eminence Dao Ancestor were to make everything clear, then it would be meaningless to test the descendants of the Wang family... It's easy to obtain Dao, but it's difficult to comprehend. No one can take the Three Thousand Great Dao with them except for Dao itself..."

After Time Heavenly Dao said this, all the Heavenly Dao were lost in deep thought.

They thought of Dao Ancestor Wang's hopeful face when he had laid out this chessboard back then. He had always firmly believed that the descendants of the Wang family would be able to fight fate and calamity.

As Time Heavenly Dao had said, obtaining Dao was easy, but comprehending Dao was difficult...

There were times when letting go of an obsession wasn't necessarily a bad thing.

Unfortunately, who knew when Wang Zhen, as the eldest son of the Wang family, would be able to understand this reasoning.

You, Master, are in the end the master...





Chapter 798 A New Investor


After Wang Zhen passed out, Wang Ling cast the Great Teleportation Spell to instantly transport Lord Thunder and Wang Zhen to Chrysanthemum Island where Immortal Toya was.

In the process of trying to solve the problem of the coma which the kun belly girl was in, Immortal Toya had made new breakthroughs in his research of hard-to-treat cases. He developed many new drugs, and while they didn't work for the girl, they were surprisingly effective on other vegetative patients.

Supposedly, quite a number of patients who had been in comas for over a hundred years miraculously woke up recently...

Now, express couriers came to Immortal Toya's island almost every day to deliver silk banners from all over the place.

Lord Thunder, Wang Ling and Wang Zhen landed directly in the alchemy room, where Immortal Toya refined pills. The kun belly girl was dressed in a snow-white hospital gown which Cailian Zhenren had changed her into at Immortal Toya's request.

The gown was made of a special material that could automatically clean her skin so that she didn't need to bathe even when she was unconscious. Additionally, the gown material was very thin, so acupuncture needles could still be used on her even with her clothes on.

"Brother To, where are Jin Shi and Yin Shi?"

Lord Thunder asked the question as soon as they landed.

Lord Thunder had texted to say they were coming, so Immortal Toya wasn't startled at all. He responded with a smile, "Jin Shi and Yin Shi are outside receiving deliveries. It's probably more silk banners today."

"..."

"Where's the patient? Let me take a look."

Saying that, Immortal Toya washed his hands and looked at Wang Zhen.

He wriggled his fingers at a distance, and Wang Zhen's eyelids were pulled up by a small gravitational force. After checking Wang Zhen's pupils, Immortal Toya felt his pulse and examined Wang Zhen's internal condition.

"Brother To, how is he?"

"It should be a coma brought on by sudden shock, but it's nothing compared with the kun belly girl's symptoms. This gentleman is so strong that even if I don't prescribe him anything, he'll be able to recover himself... Actually, there are times when this is usually caused by psychological factors. How long it will take him to wake up depends entirely on the extent of this man's psychological trauma."

"..."

"Of course, we can still use medicine. I'll prepare some later and give this gentleman an IV. It might not be long before he wakes up," Immortal Toya said.

"That's good."

Lord Thunder nodded.

"In any case, Senior Immortal, what was it that scared this man to this extent?"

"He's an investment client. We initially arranged to meet today, and I wanted Brother Ling to check him out for me, but I didn't think he would probe Brother Ling spiritually as soon as he arrived. When it was over, Brother Ling had frightened him to this extent..." Lord Thunder sighed a little glumly.

Wang Ling: "..."

"Frightened by Ling Zhenren to this point?" Immortal Toya frowned deeply. "Ling Zhenren is such an affable person, how can he scare anyone to this extent... I think it's better for Senior Immortal to be careful. This gentleman is most likely up to no good. Maybe he didn't come to invest at all, and this so-called investment is just an excuse..."

"Thank you for the reminder, Brother To, I will be very careful from now on." Lord Thunder said, "Actually, while we were waiting at Midnight Dining Hall, Brother Daoist Guang did give me a referral for a reliable investor; I heard it was a recommendation from his number one fan. Brother Guang pulled some strings and built a wonderful bridge for us."

Wang Ling: "..."

Number one fan...

This number one fan was without doubt Father Wang.

Father Wang had been obsessed with Daoist Guang's live stream recently. Since Daoist Guang's online game, Father Wang had watched the live stream almost every day, and he was far in front on the fan list in terms of contributions, his ID still that "Has Three Days And Two Sleeps Been Updated."

In other words, Father Wang helped recommend an investor?

Who on earth could it be?

"What kind of investor?" Immortal Toya asked.

"We still don't know exactly who it is, and we'll only find out when we meet later. The other party's representative has already arranged to meet us tonight. If Brother Ling and I leave now, we'll make it just in time," Lord Thunder said.

"In that case, let me congratulate Senior Immortal on your success in advance." Immortal Toya smiled. "But before the two of you leave, I hope that you'll be able to help cast a restraining spell on this gentleman. He's very powerful - if he's alarmed when he wakes up and does something to wreck my Chrysanthemum Island, it's not worth it... I'll let Senior Immortal and Zhenren know immediately once this gentleman wakes up."

"Mm."

Wang Ling nodded - restraining Wang Zhen should be a given.

Given Wang Zhen's strength... Wang Ling reckoned that even a thousand Immortal Toyas would still fall far short of one- or two-tenths of Wang Zhen's battle strength.

This was a very strong opponent.

Thus, Wang Ling raised his hand and didn't hold back as he cast suppression spells on Wang Zhen, directly casting the "Great Imprisonment Spell,""Great Prohibition of Magic Spell,""Great Spirit-Sealing Spell,""Great Suppression Spell,""Great Gravity Spell"... It was a total of more than thirty Heavenly Dao to suppress Wang Zhen in every way. If Wang Ling didn't remove these spells, Wang Zhen would in fact be no different from a vegetative patient.

...

That evening, after the failed negotiation that afternoon, Lord Thunder and Wang Ling returned to Midnight Dining Hall.

This second investor, whom Daoist Guang and his number one fan had both recommended as a reliable one, had arranged to meet at seven o'clock.

It was now less than five minutes to seven.

Since this was someone introduced by Father Wang, Wang Ling wasn't sure if this person had seen him before, so he made simple changes to his appearance with the Great Transfiguration Spell.

Wang Ling always did things cautiously, so Lord Thunder understood and didn't ask questions when he saw what Wang Ling had done.

A few minutes later, a figure appeared at the door to the shop. After pushing the door open, the man bowed deeply to Lord Thunder and Wang Ling inside. "Hello, I am the person in charge of this investment negotiation. You can call me Mai Yuqiang or Ah Mai."

"Brother Ah Mai, please sit." Lord Thunder hurriedly got up.

Seeing this, Tan Qian promptly turned around to go prepare some food.

"There's no need to be so polite, I'm only following orders." This gentleman called Ah Mai smiled. "Senior Immortal can rest assured regarding this investment. Our superiors have decided to give the construction of Senior Immortal's sect their full support."

"You don't need to look at the site location?" Lord Thunder was stunned. Was this already a done deal?

"The higher-ups are very comfortable with leaving the running of sect operations to Senior Immortal. We'll just be responsible for sending the money - oh, no, responsible for the investment..."

"..."

"May I ask, who are Brother Ah Mai's superiors?"

"The Huaxiu Alliance of Cultivators, also known as: Huaxiu Alliance."

"..."

"The head of state will take the lead in this investment plan, and the Ten Generals will each invest a portion. The total investment amount is two billion immortal gold."

Lord Thunder and Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 799 Sending Out Hero Invitations


"Two billion... so much..." Lord Thunder's mouth was so wide open that he could probably fit an entire egg inside.

Two billion immortal gold! This investment was too ridiculous!

This already wasn't just about owning a mine at home anymore...

Ah Mai, the person-in-charge, cleared his throat. "As expected, Senior Immortal is a person who has seen much of the world. A typical small boss would have absolutely fainted on the spot after hearing this amount. This proves that you are indeed worthy of receiving this angel investment."

Lord Thunder: "..."

No, it was just that he had been so astonished that for a moment, he had forgotten to pass out!

As they were chatting, Ah Mai glanced at Wang Ling, who had changed his appearance. "May I ask, Senior Immortal, this is...?"

"This is Ling Zhenren, our sect's future visiting official as well as one of our main executives," said Lord Thunder.

"So this is Ling Zhenren? Excuse me for not recognizing you..."

Wang Ling was shocked. "..."

His Daoist name "Ling Zhenren" had always been a cover, like an alternate account. He didn't realize that his Daoist name was actually now known outside the chat group.

It looked like it was time to change his Daoist name...

For a moment, various thoughts ran through Wang Ling's mind as he pondered a new Daoist name.

I, King?

I've Castrated Myself 1 ?

1(The Chinese pronunciation is a homonym of the name of the character Ainz Ooal Gown, from the series "Overlord.") Or how about just Crispy Noodle Snacks?

After learning that the person sitting next to Lord Thunder was Ling Zhenren, there was instantly deep veneration on Ah Mai's face. "I really never thought that Ling Zhenren would be here with Senior Immortal this time. To be honest, I'm a little excited now! This is better than buying ten family buckets and enjoying finger-licking original recipe chicken skin!"

Lord Thunder: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Lord Thunder: "Brother Ling usually keeps a low profile. How does Brother Ah Mai know about Brother Ling?"

"Ling Zhenren is naturally low-key, but Senior Immortal should know that a lot of people follow your cultivation forum... For you to run the forum to this extent really isn't easy. Actually, there are a lot of posts online analyzing who Senior Immortal's patron is, and in the end, they found Ling Zhenren... Now, this Daoist name Ling Zhenren is quite famous not only in Senior Immortal's forum but also on other platforms. In fact, I'm personally very curious to know how Senior Immortal is able to run the website to such a remarkable extent?"

Lord Thunder couldn't help blushing at this praise. "No, no... This is thanks to Brother Ling and to the nation! The most important is to read more books and news, eat less snacks, sleep more, and pay your network fees and taxes on time!"

"Senior Immortal is so right!" Ah Mai nodded like a chicken pecking rice. Recently, the tax bureau exposed the matter of a showbiz actress's yin-yang contract, and she was fined eight billion immortal gold 2 ! It caused quite an uproar!

2(The so-called "yin-yang contract" is a practice found within the Chinese entertainment industry whereby celebrities under-report their earnings by submitting a copy of their contract with a reduced salary figure to tax authorities. Chinese actress Fan Bingbing was fined 884 million yuan in 2018 for tax evasion ..) Thus, after listening to Lord Thunder's words, Ah Mai was very moved. "Senior Immortal is indeed a sensible person! Huaxiu Alliance wasn't mistaken! Actually, Huaxiu Alliance had initially planned to invest in the set-up of the cultivation forum. This time, after hearing that Senior Immortal wants to establish a sect, the head of state approved it personally, so success will naturally follow in this endeavor."

"I see... But Brother Ah Mai, two billion immortal gold is a little much!"

"Hahaha! Senior Immortal, please don't refuse. Our two billion immortal gold investment won't be paid out in a lump sum, but will be divided into five installments. After the first portion of the investment funds is given to you, it'll be up to how well Senior Immortal runs the sect. If the sect runs at a loss, subsequent investments may be put on hold... This is something we need to make clear to Senior Immortal first."

"Of course! Since Brother Ah Mai has said so, I'm very relieved!" Lord Thunder nodded.

It was indeed reasonable to give out the investment in installments. It was true that Lord Thunder was very confident in his ability to run the sect, but he also didn't want to defraud the other party. Two billion immortal gold was admittedly a massive investment, but in the end, the sect was only in the initial development stage - they didn't need so much money yet, and they would have to go through several rounds of adjustment before they could settle on a budget.

When the time came and he bungled up such a large amount, they would have no way of circulating it to expand their business, which would truly be a waste of the investment.

But if the investment was divided into five installments of four hundred million immortal gold each, Lord Thunder was quite confident in his ability to put each installment to reasonable use.

"To tell you the truth, Senior Immortal, Huaxiu Alliance actually settled on 1.2 billion immortal gold as the investment amount in the beginning."

Lord Thunder: "Then how did it go up to two billion?"

Ah Mai: "Wasn't there an eight hundred million fine recently..."

Lord Thunder and Wang Ling: "..."

"Has Senior Immortal decided exactly when you will announce the establishment of the sect?" Ah Mai asked.

"Of course! Next Tuesday is an auspicious day!" Lord Thunder said, "I already have people working on an overall plan of the sect. Construction of many of the facilities has already been completed using the 'Model Technique.' When the time comes, we just need to place the model on the site and cast the spell, and the sect will be built instantly! And that will be the day that we declare the founding of our General Office of Strategic Deception!"

"Mmm! This is a big event! When I go back, I'll certainly let Huaxiu Alliance know to make the arrangements - once Senior Immortal has fixed the exact time on Tuesday, you can let me know, and I'll send out hero invitations to every major light force in the name of the General Office of Strategic Deception! Let them witness the birth of this new sect together!"

"I can send out hero invitations?" Lord Thunder was completely unaware of this.

"Of course you can!" An Mai said firmly. "Logically speaking, sending hero invitations to light forces requires Huaxiu Alliance's approval first, and the approval process takes one to two months. However, the sect established by Senior Immortal and Huaxiu Alliance are now allies, so the process is automatically simplified."

"If that is the case, then I must thank Brother Ah Mai even more."

"It's nothing!" Ah Mai waved his hand. "In addition, I need to stress one point: Senior Immortal cannot directly state that the investment is from Huaxiu Alliance... instead, it's a combined investment from private firms. I'll compile a list of the related investment firms and send a copy to Senior Immortal."

"What are these private firms?"

"These private firms were established by the sons or daughters of the Ten Generals through their own sweat and tears, and they are also light forces. Please understand, Senior Immortal, it's a very sensitive time right now..."

"Alright."

Lord Thunder and Brother Ah Mai exchanged smiles; both of them understood each other instantly.

"Ah, that's right, Senior Immortal, do you need any special guests for the day of the sect's establishment? If you do, don't hesitate to let me know. On your behalf, we can ask all the bigwigs of the light forces to show up - even sect heads won't be a problem."

"We do need esteemed guests, but wouldn't that be a little too high-profile? I don't need many people, just ten..."

"Just ten? We have millions and millions of light forces, just ten is really too low-key. As expected of Senior Immortal... Which ten does Senior Immortal want? Let us hear it."

"Are... are the Ten Generals free?"

"..."





Chapter 800 Wang Ling's New Daoist Name


It was the evening of August 6th on Sunday in the fifteenth week of the semester.

The investment for the new "General Office of Strategic Deception" sect that Lord Thunder was setting up was officially agreed upon in the "Midnight Dining Hall" branch opened by Boss Tan's younger brother.

The total investment amount was two billion immortal gold, which would be divided into five lots. Each portion of four hundred million immortal gold would be transferred to the General Office of Strategic Deception's bank account to be used for the development of the sect.

That same evening, the Green Investment Committee, short for Green Sect Enterprise Investment Committee, also announced the news on its official website, and for one moment, hundreds of thousands of Huaxiu light force sects were hugely shaken.

No one expected a newly established sect to actually be capable of attracting such a huge angel investment. This already broke the record in the history of Green Investment Committee investments; previously, the largest investment the Green Investment Committee had pulled in was eight billion, but that was in regular HNY, and couldn't compare with four hundred million immortal gold at all.

A hundred million immortal gold was equivalent to forty billion HNY...

Four hundred million immortal gold was 160 billion HNY, which right away was twenty times more than the Green Investment Committee's second largest investment amount. What kind of strength was this?

The light force sects were ranked according to five levels: Sky, Earth, Black, Yellow, Dust... This rank was assigned after a sect was assessed upon its founding, and was known as the pre-evaluation.

The pre-evaluation was determined based on the line-up of core members, battle strength, the sect head's status and influence in the cultivation circle, as well as the overall preliminary development and economic strength of the sect.

Following the sect's establishment, Huaxiu Alliance would set the day of the sect's founding as the annual deadline for an objective assessment of student enrollments and the sect's operation levels. Using the pre-evaluation as a basis, the sect's rating would then either be upgraded or lowered.

That evening, Huaxiu Alliance announced the pre-evaluation for Lord Thunder's General Office of Strategic Deception: a Sky-level third-class sect...

A Sky-level sect from the start, and third-class to boot...

The pre-evaluation astonished everyone in the light force circle.

For a lot of people who didn't understand, they might not have any concept of what this pre-evaluation meant, but comparing the numbers was mind-blowing.

There were 320,000 legitimate light forces on record in Huaxiu, 95% of which comprised sects at Black, Yellow and Dust levels. Earth-level sects made up 3%, and Sky-level sects occupied just 2%...

Based on these percentages, there were over six thousand Sky-level sects. Divided by class, there were less than twenty sects above fifth-class; the vast majority of Sky-level sects were between seventh- and ninth-class.

It was among the Sky-level ninth-class sects that competition was the most bitter, because if they were just a little bit careless, they might drop to Earth-level the following year.

Thus, a Sky-level sect was born after a long history of evaluations. Currently, the top twenty Sky-level sects on record were a hundred years or even a thousand years old.

But Lord Thunder's sect which had just been set up was actually deemed Sky-level third-class... a lot of complexions changed at this formidable indication of its preliminary strength.

Plenty of light force big shots started investigating the investors behind the new sect, but according to the Green Investment Committee, it was several companies that had jointly invested in Lord Thunder's sect.

Furthermore, these companies were all involved in different trades and had very broad networks; it was difficult to thoroughly investigate them all, and some of them were even low-profile enterprises. These enterprises typically didn't make the news, and there weren't any tidbits of information on them; they were the type that worked hard and quietly made their fortunes. Even the bosses were all very low-key; their names alone didn't ring any bells.

Credit for all of this naturally had to be given to Ah Mai.

He had already achieved his aim.

"Sky-level third-class... Senior Immortal is too strong! And how did he pull in so many bigwig investments?" After seeing the news, Dharmaraja sent out a series of "damn awesome" memes in the chat group.

Cailian Zhenren: "Senior Immortal is awesome!"

Zhuo Yi: "Senior Immortal is awesome!"

Daoist Guang: "Senior Immortal is awesome!"

Er Ha: "Senior Immortal???!"

Immortal Toya: "Senior Immortal is awesome!"

Xiao Yin: "Thunder is awesome!"

Wei Zhi: "Congratulations, Senior Immortal!"

Fang Xing: "The pattern is crooked, this OCD person can't take it!"

Wang Ling: "..."

"It's mainly because of Brother Ling's reputation that things went well with this investment..." Lord Thunder was very modest. To be honest, even he himself never expected everything to happen so naturally and smoothly that it was beyond imagination.

Apart from his many years of hoarding and planning, the person he had to thank the most was still Wang Ling.

Lord Thunder wasn't a fool. He was well aware how all this was possible.

While he did have widespread connections, how could they compare with his Brother Ling? Daoist Guang had pulled in an investor on his behalf because of Wang Ling, who was also a large reason why these bigwigs had responded to his sect's call for investments.

"On a serious note, I just read the group announcement. If Senior Immortal has fixed the official establishment of the sect for next Tuesday, we have to take corresponding precautions."

Cailian Zhenren said, "Tonight's announcements by the Green Investment Committee and Huaxiu Alliance have shaken the light force circle. Senior Immortal will be sending out hero invitations, and naturally there will be friends who offer their sincere blessings. There are times, however, when it's the reverse, and can provoke jealousy. There are already plenty of people now who are investigating Senior Immortal's investors."

"It's fine, let them investigate." Lord Thunder laughed.

In this situation, the biggest player was Huaxiu Alliance, and investigating the Alliance wouldn't be easy.

But Lord Thunder thought that even if he didn't say anything, it would be very clear to all the light force sect big shots once the Ten Generals showed up on the day of the sect's establishment.

In the group, however, only Lord Thunder and Wang Ling, as well as Daoist Guang who had been responsible for setting up the connection, knew that the investment was from Huaxiu Alliance.

Because this needed to be kept secret, it couldn't be made public for the time being, not even to the core members.

Since they didn't understand the situation, many people in the group naturally felt worried.

"'Don't drop vigilance against evildoers'; don't worry, I'm already prepared for anything. I have to ask everyone to please do your best and get ready to bear witness at the opening ceremony of our General Office of Strategic Deception on Tuesday, August 8th."

Lord Thunder sent fist salute and good luck emojis. He then abruptly recalled that there was one thing he hadn't mentioned yet. "Oh, by the way, I need to tell you something. After discussion with Brother Ling, he's going to change his Daoist name, which he will use when he joins the sect as our visiting official and leader of our recreation hall."

"???"

"Ling Zhenren's new Daoist name???"

"What is it?"

A lot of people started to ask questions.

Lord Thunder: "Crispy Noodles Dao Monarch. This is Brother Ling's new Daoist name. Take out your notebooks and write it down!"

Everyone: "..."