Chapter 2101 The 3rd Yuan Zun Order


This is "conquering strength with softness". It is another variation of the "drip of water penetrating stone" method in {Wuji Sword}.

The vernacular is "rebound".

The sword energy itself does not have lethality. It is more about integrating the Tao of Tai Chi.

The sword energy is used to tamper with the surrounding airflow, thereby causing the flying objects that collide with each other to change their original trajectories.

This kind of swordsmanship can be used skillfully during Yi Jianchuan's True Immortal period. Now he is naturally more skillful in using it.

This is Michu shooting himself in the foot. The railgun has no radiation and will not have any impact on the monk's body. But if it is bombarded on the mainland, a mushroom cloud can still be grown. And at least it will not be affected by the railgun. In the city hit by the cannon, all psychic clay will be disintegrated in an instant.

The use of psychic clay in modern technology is very complex. It is not just used for making puppets. In fact, in some modern buildings, modern magic weapons, and the Spirit Bus running on the road, many tiny parts are injected with psychic clay. materials or extracts.

Once it hits the local area, it will directly cause huge damage to the economy of a city.

When he saw the missile flying over, Mi Xiuyuanzun was completely panicked. The key is that he himself is also mute and eats coptis.

Because they fired this missile themselves!

Just on the missile's body is printed the Michou mark that symbolizes freedom - a white lighthouse shining with starlight!

Mi Xiuyuanzun and all his staff were all frightened. Seeing that the railgun was about to hit the mainland, they had no choice but to activate the interception system to defend themselves.

This is a big country developed with cultivation technology. It still has the ability to accurately defend against strikes. This time, Mi Xiuyuanzun did not hesitate and issued the Yuanzun Order again.

Boom!

Another powerful cannonball was aimed at the void and flew away. The moment the two missiles collided, everyone saw a beautiful mushroom cloud blooming in the blue sky.

It was a dazzling and magnificent daytime fireworks. Even at an altitude of 10,000 meters, such explosions still shocked the Mixiu Country. Many monks who were doing normal activities heard it. They all looked up to the sky. No. Find out exactly what happened.

After seeing the cannon successfully intercepted, Mi Xiuyuanzun also breathed a sigh of relief. However, his expression did not calm down.

After all, this is a mushroom cloud shot towards the mainland. Although it has been intercepted, as the Yuan Zun of a great cultivation country, he still needs to explain this matter.

Because the mid-term voting for the new Yuan Zun was coming soon. He did not want this incident to lower his support rate among the local monks.

What's more, such a mistake will not only affect him, but also severely damage the unity and confidence of the entire Michu monks. And the most important thing is... he feels that Huaxiu has developed an "ultra-long-distance precise space transmission device" "This matter with the technology of "pure mechanized monks" must never be known to the local monks!"

"Lord Yuan Zun..."

In this situation, all the staff under Mi Xiuyuanzun naturally knew what his next order would be.

It's also an old practice...

So in the next second, the Misu Yuanzun pressed the red button for the third time and issued the third Yuanzun order.

This time, it's not an attack. It's not a shelling either.

It's "defense" on another level.

...

At the same time, on the other side, there is a large underground laboratory in Jinghua City. This is a new cultivation and magic weapon experimental base newly established underground, led by Wang Ming and Shou Chong.

Wang Ming's identity has not been announced to the public until now. The most powerful brain in the history of Huaxiu does not care at all about his anonymity. As long as he can contribute to his country behind the scenes, then everything will be worthwhile.

This experimental base also has a nice name "Cause and Effect". Full name: Cause and Effect Base.

One of the characters is taken from Zhai Yin. The other character is fruit. It represents the goal that Wang Ming, as a scientific researcher, will never pursue. He hopes that his research will produce "results". After the two are combined, it is named.

The safety of the Karma Base is self-evident. It is built 3,000 meters underground. The internal area is very large. It has cutting-edge equipment for trying all kinds of experiments.

In terms of security, the Office of Strategic Deception provided all the technical support. In addition, now Shou Chong has joined the team. And Wang Ming himself has obtained part of the power of the divine brain. After the entire causal base is established, the level of cultivation technology begins Developed rapidly.

At this time, Wang Ming was sitting on a chair with a sense of technology. He was wearing a helmet on his head. Unlike many science fiction movies, the helmet was connected to many data cables and interfaces.

This is purely wireless. Even three thousand meters underground, Wang Ming can still sit here and spread his thoughts.

With the blessing of the divine brain, Wang Ming's current deduction ability and mental strength have been greatly enhanced. His head will almost no longer overheat. Zhai Yin sadly lost the opportunity to fry steak on Wang Ming's forehead...

But what he got in exchange was that Wang Ming was now able to cross half the world on his own, using the mental amplification helmet he was currently wearing, to control the powerful ability of ten thousand mechanical monks at the same time!

Controlling 10,000 Mechanicus at the same time. This is equivalent to opening 10,000 high-load running programs on one computer at the same time. Without huge memory space and smooth cutting-edge processors and other cutting-edge equipment, it is simply impossible to do it. If there is a problem in one link, it will crash immediately.

This is also the first time Wang Ming has made such a bold attempt. Zhai Yin was worried at first. It turned out that Wang Ming's body temperature was actually normal.

"Don't worry, Miss Zhai. Wang Ming will be fine." Shou Chong's voice came at this time. He is no longer an avatar. Wang Ming has even developed a pure mechanical monk. His new body is naturally No problem.

A body made of immortal lotus root that was attuned to Wang Ling. Modern technological components installed by Wang Ming himself were added to it. The appearance of Shou Chong now is the same as when he first saw it, but the style is completely different. How can I put it...it's quite cyberpunk.

Zhai Yin wasn't used to Shou Chong's appearance at first, but now she has completely accepted it.

"Hey. It's too risky..."

Zhai Yin frowned slightly. He looked at the huge projection in front of the base. The pictures were transmitted from different perspectives from multiple mobilized mechanical monks.

At this moment, the atmosphere in the restricted area was still tense. She was worried about whether a battle would break out.

In the current situation, it is inconvenient for anyone to take action first. Zhai Yin has seen too many such stalemates.

She was worried that if she continued, something might happen...





Chapter 2102 Wall of Spiritual Consciousness


Latest website: The confrontation in the restricted area of the sea is still continuing. Mixiu Country’s immortal fleet is still surrounding the little white dragon. Since the Oolong incident of the railgun, no one has taken the lead again.

The Xiu Zhen Kingdom has already intervened in this matter. Yue Ling is in danger, and Zhang Zhui, representing the Office of Strategic Deception, is particularly passive. They can't make the decision. They can only follow Yi Jianchuan's orders.

This is the founding general and the meritorious minister. At this moment, he fully obeys the command of the sword master. There is absolutely no mistake.

"Ah, I really want to take action. If I take action directly, I can sink all these immortal swords."

But Wang Muyu had never seen a scene like the confrontation between the two armies. A large number of mechanical monks faced off against the immortal fleet. This made Wang Muyu, who has the blood of the dragon clan, couldn't help but feel excited.

He couldn't help but want to take action several times, but he forced himself to endure it.

Zhang Zhui: "Be confident, Muyu. If you take action, it will not sink you. You are trying to drill a hole in the earth. But now, you still have to be patient. Otherwise, the spirit of the earth will be scolded."

Yue Lingwei: "He's right!"

Zhang Zhui and Yue Lingwei kept privately chatting with Wang Muyu through the method of Wang Ling to comfort him. This was also a good time to exercise patience. Although the little guy is strong, it is indeed as Wang Ling said in terms of mental growth. There is still a long way to go.

With no one on either side acting rashly, this has become a seemingly peaceful and smokeless war. Everyone is waiting for the opportunity to move, waiting for further instructions from the two Yuan Zuns.

At the same time, in the confrontation between these two giant cultivating countries on the high seas, no other cultivating country dared to intervene like this at this moment.

The male cultivator has the courage, but for now he is still watching the fire from the other side. It turns out that the male cultivator saw that the little white dragon was surrounded by a group of Mi Xiu's immortal swords. He wanted to directly open a bunch of immortal swords to rescue the siege.

The result was unimaginable. The large number of mechanical monks in the void really made all the cultivation countries in the world dumbfounded.

No one knows what exactly happened.

No one knows why overnight. The pattern of the world of cultivation suddenly changed. The emergence of "ultra-long-distance precise space transmission device" and "pure mechanized monks" directly announced that Huaxiu led all human monks into 2 Level 1 cosmic cultivation civilization stage.

The shock and silence at the moment are all reflected in this historic moment. However, on the surface, there is a dead silence during the confrontation in the Shanghai restricted area. In fact, there is indeed a turbulent undercurrent behind the scenes.

"really."

In the Karma Base, Wang Ming, who was wearing a helmet, suddenly frowned slightly.

This helmet is a mental power amplification device. In addition to ensuring that Wang Ming can control these ten thousand mechanical monks at the same time, it also allows Wang Ming to achieve insight and surveillance of the entire earth through the satellite network in the universe.

Countless data images are pouring into the human brain. This was something Wang Ming could never do before integrating the divine brain. The ability to process data in batches is simply not something ordinary humans possess.

However, Wang Ming managed to do it on his own.

In this regard, Shou Chong's heart is also very complicated. He recognizes Wang Ming's excellence. He already possesses such terrifying thinking ability at a young age. Even before merging with the divine brain, he is known as the most powerful brain in mankind and Not even the most cutting-edge scientists can overdo it.

But the problem is. Now that Wang Ming has integrated the divine brain, is he... still a human?

Shou Chong feels that this issue can only be discussed later. Anyway, from Shou Chong's point of view at the moment, he feels that Wang Ming is so powerful that he is not considered a human being because no normal human monk can achieve this with pure science. The strength is on par with the monks above the True Immortal realm.

And the most important thing is. Shou Chong knows very well that Wang Ming has not yet unleashed the full potential of Shen Nao.

His future is immeasurable.

"Teacher Shou Chong. What's wrong with Wang Ming?" Seeing Wang Ming looking sad and silent, Zhai Yin was also anxious. She thought Wang Ming was in some trouble.

But at this moment, Shou Chong smiled: "It's okay. I guess Teacher Wang Ming must have seen the wall."

"Wall? What wall?" Zhai Yin was puzzled.

"Wall of Spiritual Consciousness."

Shou Chong said.

This is also the usual method used by Michu. By building a wall of spiritual consciousness, it can accurately control the thinking of every monk within the territory.

And this is one of the reasons why many Michio monks are unreasonable, arrogant and anti-intellectual.

Because they were deceived. Their minds were blocked by the wall of spiritual consciousness. At the same time, they were forced to instill the perfect story carefully woven by Misu Yuanzun and his staff.

Building a wall of spiritual consciousness is also a common tactic used by Michu. This is also the so-called battle of cultivation information.

Shou Chong felt that Zhai Yin might not understand it well if he just explained it like this. So he turned on his phone.

The direct login account is connected to a social platform software from Mixiu Country. On this platform, a large number of Mixiu monks who were affected by the Wall of Spiritual Consciousness were deceived.

They publish all kinds of sensational remarks.

Such as those mechanical monks in the void. Many Mi Xiu monks began to express their opinions.

"This mechanical monk is obviously a technology invented by our Mi Xiu! Their Huaxiu monks don't deserve it! This is stealing our scientific research results!"

"Why do I feel that we, Mi Xiu, have already had this mechanical monk? Why are they copying our patent? I think Brother Huaxiu should reflect on it. And why are they shooting railguns at us? We are being invaded! Everyone must hold the spiritual sword in hand. Fight with them!"

"Have you seen the screenshots of the restricted sea area? Oh my god! Their mechanical monks actually surrounded our immortal fleet. Please! Please! We don't want a war! [Prayer]"

...

After reading more than a dozen comments in succession. www.uukanshu.net Zhai Yin felt bad. He fell into a long silence.

She couldn't believe that these people could confuse right and wrong to this extent.

It was obviously the magnetic cannon fired by Misu Yuanzun. But now it has become their fault.

It was obviously the little white dragon surrounded by Michu's immortal fleet. But now, each one of them actually said that they were surrounded.

This is pure lying with your eyes open. It is basically an act of lying without drafting!

A troublemaker who has been instigating wars all year round. He actually wants others to reflect... Zhai Yin no longer knows what to say.

But it is such an outrageous statement. Almost every post on the platform has tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of likes.

"Have you seen it? This is the wall of spiritual consciousness." At this time, Shou Chong sighed.

In this world, there are always people who are awake. The most ridiculous thing...





Chapter 2103 The correct way to open Heavenly Dao cloud


Latest website: The art of building walls. This is one of Mi Xiu's usual operations. Over the past hundreds of years, the superior Yuan Zun in Mi Xiu and his staff have secretly used this method to deceive many local monks.

In the context of the modern era of self-cultivation, it is almost difficult for a hot war between a self-cultivation country and a self-cultivation country to occur. Interests always come first. As long as one's own strategic security is guaranteed, the major self-cultivation countries will be attacked. To launch a war easily is tantamount to self-destruction.

In today's world of cultivation, only Mi Xiu hopes that the whole world can fight.

As a country of cultivation that has made a lot of money through war and invasion, Mixiu's local spirit stone reserves have always been ranked first in the world. Not only that, the exchange rate of rice currency is also very high. This is the capital that they can show off to the outside world for a long time.

But this time, Michu finally shot himself in the foot.

"It's obvious that Qiao Yanyuan has a profit-driven relationship with Mi Xiuyuanzun. They blocked the sea area. In the final analysis, the brothers and sisters are still trying to stir up trouble."

Inside the Karma Base. Shou Chong made his own analysis: "According to Mi Xiu Yuan Zun's original plan, they drove the immortal fleet to surround Xiao Bai Long. This is to express their position."

"I understand."

Zhai Yin immediately nodded: "According to past experience, those cultivating countries that particularly like to follow Mi Xiu and take sides should also follow suit in this case. At least they will make their voices heard on the Internet to choose sides. That's right. But this time, no cultivation country has come forward..."

"Those who have attained the truth will receive many help, while those who have lost the path will receive little help. This itself is the most sacred truth in our ancient civilization of Huaxiu. Of course, on this basis, there is another truth. That is the fist. It is technology." Shou Chong He said with a solemn expression.

When he saw that Mi Xiu was defeated this time, he naturally felt a strong feeling of anger in his heart. Even they would not have thought that the world structure today has changed.

Especially for Huaxiu, who already possesses the two latest cultivation technologies, "Ultra-long-distance precise space transmission device" and "Pure Mechanized Monk". If other cultivation countries dare to stand aside easily, they must undoubtedly ask themselves Will it be able to withstand the pressure in the future?

Obviously, all the major cultivation countries in the world are very quiet today. No leader in any country is willing to take this unknown risk.

This is a smart approach.

Even if you don't immediately publicly support Huaxiu, at least stand as a bystander and remain neutral. This is not difficult, right?

But in the past, even some neutral cultivating countries would rebel. It was obviously a neutral cultivating country, but it could freeze all the spiritual stones stored here in other cultivating countries.

Is there any royal law? Is there any law...

Now Mi Xiu was really panicking. Because they found that during the whole confrontation, all the "followers" in the past were gone. Without any support from the Internet, the wall of spiritual consciousness was almost immediately thrown in. strategically used.

Paralyzing the consciousness of one's own local monks and adapting a new story is the greatest function of the wall of spiritual consciousness.

This is not unique to Mi Xiu. Nan Han has also done similar things. And to this day...this wall of spiritual consciousness still exists.

In order to make the local monks have stronger self-confidence, the wall of spiritual consciousness built by Nanhan has changed the local monks' understanding of the world. They believe that everything in this world was invented by them. It may even be the birth of the universe. . Can't live without Nanhan...

In essence, this is a means of self-deception. The establishment of the wall of spiritual consciousness needs to be driven by the formation. Then it accurately covers the spiritual consciousness of all monks in a limited area through a method of energy radiation. Then it uses the means of modern cultivation science. Accurately identify each person's spiritual consciousness for precise manipulation.

The lower the realm of monks, the more likely they are to be affected. So in fact, the wall of spiritual consciousness cannot control all monks. Most of the powerful people hiding behind the scenes are still clear-headed.

Some people will even stand up and explain the truth of the matter.

However, when everyone around you is deceived, if you jump out in this situation, others will only regard you as the most unusual lunatic...

"Is there any way to break through the wall?" Zhai Yin asked.

"Yes. But it's very troublesome."

Shou Chong said: "Teacher Wang Ming now has a divine brain. It is relatively easy to control ten thousand mechanical monks. In the final analysis, these mechanical monks are just preset programs. At best, they are complex codes. He can fully bear it alone. But To break through the wall of spiritual consciousness, you must intervene forcefully and change the perceptions of so many monks in a country of cultivation."

Zhai Yin suddenly understood.

A monk who cultivates the country. That number is hundreds of millions!

It is not on the scale of ten thousand mechanical monks. And monks are different from mechanical monks. They have their own thoughts and wisdom. If you want to fundamentally change them, you still have to span such a long distance. I don't think it is an easy task.

Therefore, the basis for building the wall of spiritual consciousness is a huge circle of magic circles. These magic circles are usually set up at the borders of the country of cultivation. They are like making dumplings and can include all the local monks.

To build a wall of spiritual consciousness, there must be tens of thousands of giant magic circles like this!

In fact, the most direct way to destroy the wall of spiritual consciousness is to directly destroy these magic circles. But the location of the magic circle is usually top secret. And the wall of spiritual consciousness must be completely destroyed. At least half of the relevant magic circles must be destroyed. .

They cannot do this directly. It is easy for anyone on the Wang Ling side to destroy the magic circle. But it is easy to get caught. Instead, they will fall into Michu's trap.

Secondly, these giant magic circles built based on the wall of spiritual consciousness are directly connected with the local monks in Michu to form an extremely complex circuit diagram. Even if you want to destroy the magic circle, you must be cautious, because once the magic circle is destroyed Forced destruction. General and harmonization may affect the original intelligence of some monks.

"This won't work and that won't work either. www.uukanshu.net What should we do?" Zhai Yin sighed. She felt that this matter was very complicated and not so easy to solve.

But Wang Ming and Shou Chong obviously had a new trick. The two looked at each other, then looked at each other. They said in unison: "There is a way! We have Heavenly Dao Cloud!"

"Heavenly Dao Yun?" Zhai Yin was stunned: "This is not the miracle of the universe that was just conquered by Wang Ling..."

"It has been there a long time ago. But it has never taken action. Heavenly Dao Yun itself is a derivative miracle of the will of the universe. It is the embodiment of the will of the universe...With its help, it may be able to easily crack the wall of spiritual consciousness and restore those local monks. Not to mention the cognition. It will not have any adverse effects."

"How can I help?" Zhai Yin was curious.

"It's very simple." At this time, Wang Ming said: "Let it handle all the affected monk data directly. To put it simply, let it be my cloud disk."

Zhai Yin: "..."





Chapter 2104 Itinerant Immortal Child Magic Ring


Latest URL: "Cloud Disk..."

When Zhai Yin heard this, because she heard it wrong, she fell into a daze... After all, the miracle of the universe is ranked.

It took her a long time to roughly understand it under Wang Ming's explanation. Although it was not too clear, it was simple.

For the time being, all the miracles of the universe that appear now can be regarded as puzzle pieces of the will of the universe. Each piece of the puzzle has its own special way of doing things.

That is beyond the dimensional plane. It is far better than the existence outside the earth. The result is good now. It can be used directly as a cloud disk as an intermediary to process data, which is okay.

Is this an operation that normal carbon-based organisms can think of...

Maybe others can't. But with Wang Ming's thinking ability, Zhai Yin thinks it's not absolutely impossible.

"How to do it specifically?" Zhai Yin asked. She was very curious. Heavenly Dao Cloud was directly used as a cloud disk... Is it really not allowed to have any objections?

This is a cosmic miracle... a miracle!

"Break the wall directly. It's too obvious. We have to do it quietly. We just need this Heavenly Dao cloud to cooperate with us." Shou Chong said calmly; "I think. It will cooperate."

After all, Heavenly Dao Yun's purpose of this operation is to prove himself. He took the opportunity to join Wang Ling. As long as he can prove himself, whether it is to fight or be a processor, it is fine.

In fact, cosmic miracles are part of the will of the universe. To intervene in the consciousness of the monks on earth, not only Heavenly Dao Yun can do it. Other cosmic miracles can also do it.

But I don’t know why Shou Chong felt a very familiar feeling when he heard the name Heavenly Dao Yun.

And compared to other cloud disks, the biggest advantage of Heavenly Dao Cloud is that it has almost unlimited cloud storage space. And there is no speed limit even if you don’t have a membership!

After listening to a series of detailed explanations by Shou Chong, Zhai Yin's lips twitched. Sure enough... unlimited storage space and unlimited speed are the key!

It has to be said. The use of the cosmic miracle Heavenly Dao Cloud serves as an intermediate intervention point, allowing hundreds of millions of monks in the entire country who are affected by the wall of spiritual consciousness to directly break through the wall and see the reality clearly.

Even if Wang Ling heard such an operation, he would have to say secretly that his imagination would be opened.

At this moment, although Wang Ling is still struggling in the Sun family's ancestral land and is about to touch the truth, he is also always paying attention to changes in the external situation.

Two brothers, one solves internal problems and the other solves and stabilizes external conflicts. This is an invisible tacit understanding.

As long as Wang Ming wants to operate it, and it is theoretically possible, all it takes is Wang Ling to say hello.

He immediately sent instructions to Heavenly Dao Yun, asking Heavenly Dao Yun, as a miracle of the universe, to cooperate with all the tasks proposed by Wang Ming.

Serving an ordinary person. This is not the original intention of Heavenly Dao Cloud. But this is the meaning of Wang Ling. So Heavenly Dao Cloud itself has nothing to do.

As for the subsequent task arrangements, Wang Ling also has a general understanding.

After all, Heavenly Dao Cloud is a miracle of the universe. It is not a real cloud disk. Even if Wang Ming coordinates the process, there may still be a certain degree of risk in forcing the intervention to break the wall.

This must be done beautifully. It must also be done quietly. The team at Mi Xiu Yuanzun cannot get any clues.

So Wang Ming immediately thought of another person.

That is Bai Qiao, who is engaged in game development.

Since {Cultivation Simulator} has been well received, Bai Qiao has actually been working hard to develop his next top-notch masterpiece.

Just a while ago, the large-scale stand-alone game {Itinerant Immortal} she developed has officially completed its phased testing. It has not yet been directly made public. Wang Ming feels that it is the perfect medium to serve as a medium to protect the Heavenly Dao cloud. .

In other words, in the end, all the Michu monks who are restricted by the wall of spiritual consciousness will enter this game and use their own strength to break the wall of spiritual consciousness.

This is a situation broken by the Michu monks themselves. It is expected that Mi Xiu Yuanzun will not be able to find any other loopholes or handles.

...

In the Sun family's ancestral land, the second restoration work on the second map of the ancestral land, Ice Purgatory, has begun again. With the experience of the previous restoration, the people of Zhenyuan Immortal are obviously more skilled this time, and the progress is faster than the last time. A lot.

Because the modeling to restore the ancestral land has already been archived. It can be taken out and used again. There is no need to recalculate.

Er Qiao's injuries were basically cured by Sun Rong. But Mr. Sun, the boss, was still in a deep sleep... It was the {Little Sleeping Technique} personally performed by the Immortal people in Zhenyuan. This is one of the branches of Heavenly Dao magic. It can put qualified practitioners into deep sleep for 24-72 hours.

All in all. Another strange spell derived from Heavenly Dao...

The main reason is that I am worried that after Boss Sun wakes up, if something happens to the newly repaired ancestral map again, Boss Sun's heart may not be able to bear it.

Speaking of which, {Little Sleeping Technique} was taught to the immortal people of Zhenyuan by Wang Ling. It is a concentrated Heavenly Dao spell separated from {Great Eternal Sleeping Technique}.

The power of {Great Eternal Sleep} is obviously greater. It can make qualified practitioners sleep for 2.4 billion to 7.2 billion years...

Well, that means he will soon be asleep forever.

Basically, after waking up from sleep, no one is there.

Wang Ling will not easily perform this skill, nor will he easily teach it to others. Of course, in the eyes of Wang Ling, this Heavenly Dao skill is quite useless to him.

There is basically no chance to use it. Secondly, even if there is a chance to use it, for those powerful dragonborns, this Heavenly Dao, which is very similar to a spell, will probably be ineffective.

Their realm is here. They also have the ability to compete with Heavenly Dao.

Therefore, Wang Ling is strong not simply because of Heavenly Dao. It is because he has a variety of Dao abilities at the same time. He can also reproduce them skillfully. After learning and using them, he will bless himself.

Under Sun Ru's guidance, Wang Ling passed through a map of Zhang Zudi as gently and quickly as possible. He was extremely fast and did not make any stops. Even if he encountered Dao Ancestor Wang who was suspected to have stayed behind on purpose." I didn't even pick up the equipment. I didn't bother to pay attention to it. I moved forward all the way. Just to verify the truth in my heart.

"This is it."

Finally. www.uukanshu.net On the forty-ninth map of the Sun family's ancestral land, within the space of all phenomena, the huge Broken Finger Mountain comes into view. Before the Broken Finger, this mountain should have five fingers. Now, this The thumb of the mountain is broken. It crosses between the jungle ahead. It is covered with moss and has obscure inscriptions of the Ancient One.

Wang Ling moved in the wind. He moved directly sideways. Just under the foot of Broken Finger Mountain, he saw a golden coffin.

"This is the place where the remains of the ancestor are kept..." Sun Ru looked distracted. Even though it was only the second time she came here to worship, the excitement in her heart was self-evident.

Thinking of the first time she came, she was not qualified to stand in front of him at all. She just looked up from afar.

Now he was brought to such a close location by Wang Ling.

Wang Ling Take a deep breath.

Facing the golden coffin in front of me.

Now, it’s time to reveal the truth...





Chapter 2105 The mystery of the ancestor of the Sun family


Latest website: A gold coffin that looks very heavy. It is far less huge than Wang Ling imagined. Eternal inscriptions are neatly carved on it. It was translated by Sun Ru. I am sure that it was written by the founder of the Sun family himself.

Since ancient times, many powerful people have had the habit of customizing coffins for themselves in advance. And the inscriptions on the coffins must be engraved by themselves. And each engraving method has its own characteristics. As a descendant of the Sun family, for Sun Ru, the founder of the ancestor's writing style, couldn't understand it more clearly.

For the descendants of the Sun family, this is a sign of recognizing their ancestors and returning to the clan. The inscriptions carved by the ancestor of the Sun family are the symbol of their authentic coffins.

Wang Ling did not directly open the coffin board. Instead, he stared at the eternal inscriptions on it for a while. This can be regarded as a kind of extracurricular learning.

After all, he now has a lot of contact with the Eternal Ones. There is always no harm in knowing more. What's more, he has a hunch that in the future battle of destiny, the number of cultivator legions representing different positions will be greater than that of the Eternal Ones. It is the key to determine the winning hand.

"Huh?" He studied the inscriptions on the coffin carefully for a while. Suddenly Wang Ling discovered something different about one of the inscriptions. This was definitely not written by the ancestor of the Sun family. It was obviously different from the other inscriptions. .And the hidden location is also very secret. You can’t see it at all if you don’t look carefully.

Following Wang Ling's gaze, Immortal Toya immediately slapped his head: "This is... the inscription of the master!"

Wang Ling suddenly realized.

It turns out that this inscription was written by the master of Immortal Toya. Then everything makes sense now.

But there are still drawbacks to this... To be honest. Wang Ling is even a little envious of the friendship between the founder of the Sun family and Laojun. It is so good that even the inscriptions on the coffin can leave a small space for each other. Must I know that this is a very strict thing for a big family. But the founder of the Sun family still did it.

In modern terms, this is really a relationship that is so good that you can wear a pair of underpants directly.

Immortal Toya also sighed: "I have read the records. It is said that the master and the ancestor of the Sun family chose a geomantic treasure land. Whoever agreed to leave first would be buried by the other person."

"Is there such a thing?" Sun Ru was stunned. Because even though she was a junior of the Sun family, she had never heard of this story with Lao Jun.

"There is such a thing. Senior Sun Ru." Immortal Toya affirmed: "I have read Master's notes. They did make this agreement at the beginning. They also focused on the same place. But later they said they could not agree with the cemetery. The master negotiated, and this was how the Sun family's ancestral land came to be, and this golden coffin."

"That's not right... We were selling tombs back then? That was an eternity period..." The corner of Wang Ying's mouth twitched. He felt like he had suddenly discovered a blind spot.

Immortal Toya said: "Sell it! There are many cemeteries in the ages, and there are many choices. Some cemeteries are opened on other planets. But the problem is. A powerful person like the ancestor of the Sun family must take over the whole It belongs to the planet. And we also pay attention to the feng shui of the planet. Where there is profit, there will be business."

Sun Ru: "So for what reason did we not reach an agreement in the end?"

Immortal Toya: "It seems that when you sell the planet, part of the area on the planet belongs to the shared area. You paid for the entire planet. But it turns out that there is a piece of land that does not belong to you. Let you actually get the planet property. The direct living area on the certificate has been directly reduced. Do you think the founder and my master would be happy with it?"

Wang Ling, Wang Ying, Sun Ru, Marmot: "..."

Sun Ru looked confused. As an ancient person, she had no idea about the area of a public pool.

But as a modern person, Wang Ling. still knows something.

Speaking of this shared area, this is one of the main reasons why Father Wang and Mother Wang chose to buy the current Wang family villa in a remote area in the suburbs.

What Wang Ling didn't expect was that this concept has been around since the beginning of time...

Sure enough, no matter how smart modern human monks are, the games they play are really just leftovers from their ancestors.

But precisely because of this, after confirming that the outcome of choosing a planet as a cemetery was hopeless, the founder of the Sun family focused on the construction of the ancestral land and the creation of this unique golden coffin.

Standing in front of the coffin, Wang Ling stopped and thought for a long time. He was not in a hurry to open it. After all, this was not his own ancestor. It is very impolite to open other people's coffin boards at will.

So Wang Ling's original idea was to use the ability of King's Eyes to scan the coffin. Unfortunately... King's Eyes forcibly burned the Miracle Contract during the previous battle with Xifengnian. It is still cooling down.

Therefore, for Wang Ling, there is no choice now. The only choice is to open the coffin for inspection.

Although I have asked what Sun Rong means about this matter, Sun Rong is not the head of the Sun family after all.

But if I were to ask Boss Sun directly. Wang Ling couldn't open the question.

As for Sun Ru...

Until now, Sun Ru still thought that he was the real head of the Sun family. Although according to seniority, she was the elder. But what the head of the Sun family should do was something that Sun Ru should not overstep. Gu Xu

In any case, it is very important for Wang Ling to find out the matter at hand. This is not only related to the Sun family, but also related to eternity. It will also be directly related to the future lifeline of the entire human cultivation world.

He didn't want to meddle in other people's business, but for the sake of peace in the future, he had to investigate.

Wang Ling has always had a lot of feelings about emotions. But now he can clearly understand. This kind of tangled clarity...is probably a feeling of helplessness.

It's the immortal king's helplessness...

His behavior of opening the coffin was undoubtedly rude. So in the future, he could only make more amends to Mr. Boss Sun.

I saw Wang Ling first put his hands together and bowed to the coffin.

Junior. I'm sorry...

He said secretly in his heart.

Then he raised his sword fingers together and aimed at the golden coffin with a slight hook. The heavy coffin was like a light sponge that was floated directly in the mid-air by Wang Ling's ordinary primer.

At this time, Wang Ling and everyone's eyes followed the light that penetrated into the golden coffin and looked inside.

A humanoid remains that was the color of glaze came into view like this. It was so beautiful that it was unreal. Wang Ling had never seen such a well-preserved remains after eternity. And it was still the color of glaze. ..Under the light, this glazed skeleton looks like a work of art.

"This is the ancestor's..." Sun Ru stared blankly. This was the first time she saw the skeleton of her ancestor up close. She wanted to kneel down on the spot and directly kowtow.

However, as soon as he bent down, Immortal Toya helped him up: "Senior, wait a minute! There is something strange about this glass skeleton."

"It can't be fake, right?"

"The Ageless One indeed."

Wang Ling touched his chin and judged.

But this glazed skeleton does not belong to the ancestor of the Sun family.

Although he is in the golden coffin of the ancestor of the Sun family.

But Wang Ling still used the "Great Blood Source Technique" to completely trace the true owner of this glazed skeleton.

"It's Laojun's remains."

Finally. Wang Ling said.

Verification. Completely over.

This has confirmed Wang Ling’s previous conjecture. www.uukanshu.net

From the beginning, Wang Ling felt that the real ancestor of the Sun family might have been resurrected in the form of soul planting.

And the person who was planted on the ancestor of the Sun family is most likely Dao Ancestor Wang.

Wang Ling thought that after opening the coffin, he would either find an empty coffin or a forged remains.

But the glazed corpse in front of him was really incomparable. And his combat power was almost the same as that of the rumored ancestor of the Sun family.

It's a pity. Wang Ling still saw clues.

He did not expect that what was placed in the golden coffin would actually be the glazed remains of Laojun, the close friend of the founder of the Sun family.

At this point, everything seems to have settled.

But it seems like it has just begun...

7017k





Chapter 2106 Sun Rong and her wronged grandma


The last and most critical map of the Sun family's ancestral land, which symbolizes the grand history of the Sun family, is in the Vientiane Space. It originally contained the golden coffin where the ancestor of the Sun family was buried. The remains inside were not the ancestor of the Sun family himself.

This incident caught everyone here by surprise. Wang LingAlthough it was calculated that the contents of the coffin might have been swapped, or simply empty, they failed to calculate that the remains in the coffin actually belonged to Lao Jun himself.

Before, he secretly complained that the relationship between the two brothers was so good that they could wear a pair of underpants. But he never expected that the relationship could be so good that they even used the same coffin.

At the same time, in the opinion of Wang Ling, there is a high probability that the remains were switched. It is not that the person who buried them at the beginning was Lao Jun himself.

After all, the history related to the burial of the founder of the Sun family. The Sun family has a complete family history. The above process and even the details. The direct bloodline of the Sun family in past generations can be heard from the elders.

It’s just...when did this package change happen?

Wang Ling sighed. What he was most afraid of was trouble. Unexpectedly, as the incident was further investigated, it became more and more troublesome...

He just wants to study and take exams quietly. Just go to school!

But now that it has happened, I can’t remember it for a while.

He had an intuition. He felt that an invisible curtain had been opened.

"Ling Zhenren. What should we do now?" Immortal Toya asked.

Lying in the coffin was his master. Even though it was a glazed corpse, Immortal Toya still recognized it. He did not embarrass his master. He inherited the mantle of blood from the eternal master.

But what should he do now... Even his thoughts are in chaos...

Wang Ling thought for a moment. Jing Jing dropped a pair from his divine display cabinet and left them in Picture Number 49.

"Ling Zhenren is this?" Immortal Toya asked.

"Insert eyes." Wang Ling replied.

"..."

Laojun’s remains. Wang Ling does not plan to take them out for the time being.

What he took out from the display cabinet of the gods was Pupil Number 05: The Secret Eye of the Void.

The appearance is golden yellow. The pupils are seven-color gear-shaped. It has strong stealth and surveillance capabilities. It can faithfully restore everything it sees. It ignores illusions.

In other words, this pair is most suitable for staying and monitoring.

If necessary, he can also arrive here directly.

All disguises will be ineffective in front of Pupil Number 05, and all images seen through Pupil Number 05 will also be transmitted to other pupils simultaneously.

Soul planting. Someone who has such an ability must have been planning for a long time. Therefore, the remains of the ancestor of the Sun family in the coffin were packaged into the remains of Lao Jun. It must not have happened overnight.

We can only stay under surveillance first. We will see the situation later. It is not appropriate to make any other big noises.

I have lost my ancestors...

If this incident were to be revealed, it would not only be a shock to the Sun family, but it would also undoubtedly be a huge blow to Boss Sun himself.

So the best way Wang Ling currently thinks of is to hide this matter. Press it down.

After all, Boss Sun treats him quite well.

From the very first meeting. Wang Ling, I felt that Mr. Boss Sun was kind-hearted and very amiable.

When Wang Ling returned to Ice Purgatory, the Zhenyuan immortals once again restored the place to its original state.

At first glance, it's obvious that he has the skills of an experienced craftsman. Wang LingI heard that Zhenyuan Immortal has quite a lot of business now. From building maps to repairing civil and military matters, he can do it all.

In a sense. Wang Ling feels that Zhenyuan is also a genius.

"Ling Zhenren. This map has been repaired as ordered." After seeing Wang Ling, Zhenyuan bowed quickly.

Gu YanWang Ling also hurriedly released the people and animals trapped in his core world one by one.

Immortal Toya, Sun Ru, Xufengnian sealed in the cauldron, Thunder Eater, Woodchuck...

This shocked Sun Rong. She was very surprised. There were only two people when they went in. Why were there so many people and animals when they came out?

And there is actually a...woman!

At that moment, Sun Rong felt the sense of crisis in his heart rising again. Although he was telling himself to calm down... he had to admit that the woman in front of him looked really elegant, mature and rich. charm.

Sun Rong I didn’t expect that a woman wearing armor could look very beautiful. She was heroic and handsome. It’s no exaggeration to describe Sun Ru at this moment.

Sun Ru. It was Sun Ying'er who deliberately did not disclose the information to Sun Rong. She was just waiting to see the good show.

Unexpectedly, Sun Rong actually took the bait!

"Excuse me. This sister is..." Sun Rong cautiously probed.

She kept smiling as much as possible. She even ignored the marmots and thunder beasts beside her. The theme was clear and straight to the point. She went straight to Sun Ru: "Introduce yourself to my sister. My name is Sun Rong ."

Wang Ling glanced at Sun Ru. He was also thinking. To be honest, he didn't know how many generations there were between Sun Ru and Sun Rong... Anyway, calling her sister was definitely inappropriate. .

But because Sun Ru was sealed for a long time, even her body and appearance were stuck in that era. She actually looked very young, in her early twenties.

It seems a bit strange to be called old.

For a while. Wang Ling could not find the appropriate seniority word.

Dad's mother is called grandma. Then grandma's mother's mother...

Finally. Wang Ling chose to give up the resistance directly.

Seeing this, Sun Ru volunteered and said, "Oh, you are Sun Rong. You really have some demeanor of a descendant of the Sun family. It's just that your level is a little lower."

This is Sun Ru's evaluation of the younger generations as the ancestral generation of the Sun family. In terms of basic level, Sun Rong's current level is definitely not outstanding compared to what it was in the past. But in modern times, it is extremely Gifted talents.

After all, there is plenty of spiritual energy in eternity...

However, these words still made those present who knew Sun Rong feel ashamed.

To be honest, if Sun Rong and Sun Ru fought, Sun Ru might not be able to beat Sun Rong... That is the number one Golden Core on earth with nine cores Aohai!

Although Sun Rong didn't know Sun Ru's origins, hearing Sun Ru's elder tone suddenly made her realize something.

In addition, this is in the ancestral land of the Sun family. Sun Rong almost immediately had several more likely answers in his mind.

But before she could guess, Sun Ru introduced herself to her family: "I am your ancestor, Sun Ru. But there is a big gap in generations between you and me. So, just call me Grandma Taizu." ."

"Grandma Taizu..."

Sun Rong took a breath of air.

Sure enough...this situation is not too different from what she imagined...

However, Sun Rong was still surprised by this operation of bringing his great-grandmother directly from the ancestral land.

It was only then that Sun Ying'er transferred all the information about Sun Ru synchronized by Wang Ying to Sun Rong's own memory.

It was not until now that Sun Rong found out. It turned out that Sun Ru had always regarded Wang Ling as the current head of the Sun family...

Um...

It doesn't matter...

she does not mind...





Chapter 2107 Knowledge is power


Right now, cooperation in acting is the key. Of course there is no problem with Sun Rong cooperating. But in fact Wang Ling also knows very well that this is not a long-term solution.

Sooner or later, there will be a showdown with Sun Ru. And Sun Ru must know that Sun Yiyuan is the real head of the Sun family today.

As for now...

The situation is too complicated. The remains of the ancestors of the Sun family have disappeared. The situation in the maritime restricted area is not yet stable. There are too many forces entangled together. It is really difficult to explain all this to Sun Ru for a while.

One less thing is worse than one more thing. We can only hide the matter for the time being. It won't be too late to show off the cards after everything is smoothed out.

But now that Sun Ru has arrived, her living arrangement in the human world has become a new problem.

Wang Ling thinks it is more convenient to follow the old rules. That is Wei Zhijia...

Speaking of Wei Zhi. Wang Ling I remember that there is also a close business relationship between Wei Zhi and the Office of Strategic Deception. He is basically the spiritual beast consultant of the Office of Strategic Deception. He is responsible for raising various categories for the Office of Strategic Deception. of spiritual beasts.

There is no need to worry about living expenses anymore. And most importantly, all the food rations for the spirit beasts living in Wei Zhi's apartment will be reimbursed by the Office of Strategic Deception.

This allowed Wei Zhi to save a lot of money and at the same time, he could concentrate on doing big things.

"Who is this old gentleman who fainted?"

Everyone was preparing to evacuate from the ancestral land. Sun Ru suddenly saw Sun Rong helping Boss Sun on the side and asked quickly.

"This is my grandpa." Sun Rong replied.

As she answered, she winked at Er Qiao beside her, telling him not to talk too much.

This "Qiao Yanyuan" from another parallel dimension is extremely reserved. He is also very clever. Although his level is low, he still has this bit of discernment.

Although Er Qiao didn't know what happened, and what kind of relationship there was between the group of people who appeared in front of him.

But he came here to ask for help.

He doesn't need to worry about other things. After expressing his demands, he can just wait and see what happens.

"That's it." Sun Ru nodded. She looked at Sun Yiyuan carefully. After realizing that Sun Yiyuan was currently only in the True Immortal realm, she sighed: "I didn't expect that the descendants of our Sun family would eventually decline. ..."

Sun Rong: "..."

The rest of the crowd: "..."

At this time, Sun Ru's face was full of disappointment. But soon her eyes became bright and clear again. She looked at Wang Ling with her cute-looking face: "Hey. Head of the house. His fighting power is so extraordinary. Why are his descendants so weak? Or is it that the head of the family has not cultivated his own descendants?"

As soon as these words came out, Immortal Toya, the Immortal from Zhenyuan, almost couldn't hold back his laughter and spit out his saliva.

They are professional monks. They don't laugh... unless they can't help it.

But the problem is. This really hits the point of laughter!

So, they held it back until their faces turned red. This scene actually made Sun Ru a little embarrassed. She thought it was Immortal Toya and Zhenyuan who were angry. Seeing that their faces were almost twisted from holding it in, they hurriedly Apology: "Sorry. My question was so rude..."

She actually didn't think much about the underlying reason behind this.

On the contrary, after Guzhang Sun Rong heard these words, he couldn't help but start to have a daydream in his mind.

She stared at Wang Ling's almost perfect profile face. The expression on her face was slightly red. While supporting Sun Yiyuan, she buried her head and looked at Wang Ling with her peripheral vision.

She couldn't calm down in her heart. Even after returning to the submarine, she still couldn't calm down.

"Hey. I saw a lot of noise coming from inside. How is it done?" Mr. Zanghu asked. He waited beside the submarine for a long time. And as agreed, he did not go deep into the ancestral land. He only stayed in the submarine. Some geological research was done on the shallowest layer.

In addition, I also had a brief exchange with this ancient whale of unknown origin.

It's a pity that this ancient whale is quite aloof and has been ignoring him.

Just as everyone was preparing to leave in the submarine, Mr. Hidden Fox's sudden words once again attracted everyone's attention.

"By the way. I've always wanted to ask. Who is this girl?" He looked at Sun Ru.

"It's my grandma Taizu... who has always lived in the ancestral land and never came out. This time she decided to go out and live with us." Sun Rong explained quickly.

But Mr. Zanghu still felt that there was something inexplicably wrong. As a knowledgeable popular science scholar in the world of cultivation, I can only say that Mr. Zanghu is worthy of being called Mr. Zanghu. He is far less easy to fool than everyone thinks.

I still saw the clues through my profound knowledge.

I saw his eyes twitching. He looked Sun Ru up and down carefully. Then he analyzed: "The Cloud-Piercing Golden Dragon Scale Saber on the back does not look like a modern or ancient thing. The inscription grooves on it and the precision of the carving." It was undoubtedly the work of the mighty craftsman. And..."

As he spoke, he stretched out his hand and flicked the sword lightly with his knuckles. A strange sound came out immediately, like a muffled thunder on a sunny day. The sound was trembling and lasted for a long time.

"Obviously. This is a kind of spiritual mineral that is fused with thunder elements and has a special texture. I have only heard of it in the ancient book {Lingshan Guangji}. But this ancient book was written by ancient monks... so this sword . At least it is an ancient thing. It is priceless!"

Everyone: "..."

Knowledge is power. Wang Ling and Sun Rong looked at each other. They didn't expect that Mr. Zanghu really had something. He could analyze so many things with just his observation ability.

Sun Ru is a genuine ancient monk. Although he is not as good as the Eternal One, Sun Ru's current realm is also Dao God. It is equivalent to the realm of the ten masters of the current God's Domain.

This is not something that ordinary earth monks can come into contact with. But Mr. Tibetan Fox is able to break the rules and conduct hard-core analysis through his own knowledge.

And basically, it’s pretty much the same thing.

Mr. Zanghu squinted his eyes and continued his analysis: "Of course, what surprises me most is not the golden sword...but the jade armor on your grandma's body. If you look carefully. You will find that every piece of jade on this jade armor has very fine and dense lines inside."

"As far as I know, this is an ability built into the spiritual pattern. It is necessary to practice the sword's mind and mind. Under the premise that the sword's mind and mind have reached a certain level, the spiritual power can be embodied to form a spiritual carving knife, and then precision carving can be carried out. ."

"By opening a small knife edge, pouring in spiritual energy, and carving spiritual patterns at the same time. After shaping, these spiritual patterns can form something similar to the meridians of the human body."

"Not only can it be used as a storage device for spiritual energy. It can also be used for one's own use at critical moments to increase combat power."

"And the most important thing is that it can maintain its youth forever to a certain extent. If it is buried after death and dug up thousands of years later, its appearance can still maintain its youth and be lifelike."

"..."





Chapter 2108 Reading more can really change your destiny


Latest website: If Chen Chao's "open mouth" was an unintentional mistake, but Mr. Zanghu's inference makes it even more terrifying when compared with it.

Being knowledgeable can really change your destiny. This is why Wang Ling has not given up on learning even though he is so powerful.

Because. He did not pin all his hopes on Wang Ming. Instead, he thought that if he could someday, he would be able to develop Talisman without relying on Wang Ming.

But sometimes it's easy to form an inherent concept when it comes to thinking. Even the smartest people once fall into a certain circle, it's difficult to get out.

Relatively speaking, Wang Ming is a very special being. Because everything he has studied so far is almost all "black technology" developed without normal thinking. It is really difficult for normal human monks to imitate. .

Especially now, when he has obtained the divine brain, it is even more incredible.

A long time ago Wang Ling had not thought about whether to implant spiritual roots into Wang Ming so that he could truly become a cultivator.

But this good intention was clearly rejected by Wang Ming.

As a man who wants to be strong throughout his life, Wang Ming does not want to rely on Wang Ling to prove himself. For him, the only thing that can prove himself is him.

And now, he has indeed proved that with his ordinary human body, through wisdom and scientific research, he can also stand shoulder to shoulder with human monks.

Everyone in the Old Wang family is strong.

This is true for Wang Ming. This is even more true for Father Wang and Mother Wang.

They both have spiritual roots, but their shortcoming is that they are very weak...so weak that they can almost be ignored.

So Mother Wang and Father Wang are still in the body-training stage. To put it bluntly, they are ordinary people with stronger strength.

With Wang Ling's strength, it is easy to help his father and mother embark on a normal path of spiritual practice. But the couple clearly refused Wang Ling's help. In Wang Ling's view, this is considered Father. Wang and Mother Wang have shown good intentions to him since he was a child.

Lead by example. Ask him not to abuse his power.

Not everyone will feel happy after gaining great power. After all, people still have to decide their own destiny in life.

Back to business.

Now Mr. Zanghu. Wang Ling also sees the same label as Wang Ming. That is "be strong".

If Wang Ming is said to be a strong man in his life.

That Mr. Zanghu is the Zanghu who will be strong in his life.

His talent is not too high, and his appearance is unremarkable. He even became obsessed with practice and turned into the Tibetan Fox he is today.

But he was not defeated by the suffering. He still kept his spine straight and used what he had learned to describe the true meaning of scientific cultivation to others.

Wang Ling had never realized that Mr. Zanghu was such an interesting person before.

Now... I do notice some meaning.

In the critical scene, no one could blame Mr. Zanghu for being "discourteous". After all, this was analyzed based on his own knowledge and ability. Moreover, it was also an unintentional guess.

In ancient times, heroes competed with each other. The disciples of the major families only knew that in terms of combat prowess, realm came first. Although there were also basic etiquette and cultural lessons, Sun Ru himself accumulated reputation through fighting.

There is something to be said about her learning. She was not considered strong in the context of that era, but she could not be said to be a scumbag either.

Therefore, Sun Ru herself also admires people with rich knowledge reserves.

Especially the Mr. Tibetan Fox in front of me. He is clearly a modern monk. He can actually see so many things with his own eyesight...

I almost told the truth.

On the Internet, Mr. Hidden Fox mainly popularizes science and identifies various popular "fake science" videos on the Internet. It covers a wide range of topics. The most popular one is naturally the spirit beast series.

But in fact, Mr. Zanghu’s knowledge base is very broad. It’s not just popular spiritual animal identification. He has dabbled in jade, spiritual minerals, cultural relics, spiritual plants and immortal grass. Wait a minute!

Some people call him the living encyclopedia of cultivation.

"Grandma Taizu..."

This situation makes Sun Rong seem a little overwhelmed.

But Sun Ru actually aroused a lot of interest. She put her hands on her hips and said very generously: "Since Mr. Zanghu is interested in my jade armor, why don't you take a closer look?"

"Is that okay?" It can be seen that Mr. Zanghu also realized that he had just been too excited. He knew that he was offended, so he stepped back several times. But unexpectedly, this grandma of Sun Rong. He was too enlightened in his imagination.

Originally, Mr. Zanghu felt that the ancestor-level figures who never emerged from the ancestral land that had been in seclusion all year round were generally stubborn living fossils, the type who were ready to suppress people at every turn.

It seems now that he still likes to label people too much. He does not discuss things in categories and considers everything comprehensively.

This is a big taboo as a science popularizer.

To be honest. According to the online videos, he became famous by identifying the popular series of spiritual beasts. But he himself is more interested in studying these "old objects".

Tracing the origins of human monks, eliminating the false and retaining the true of human civilization, and restoring its essence. This is what he has always wanted to do.

Seeing that the atmosphere had eased, Wang Ling was secretly relieved.

Sun Ru was very generous. Not only did she allow Mr. Hidden Fox to take a closer look, she even made an invitation that surprised everyone.

"Then, Mr. Zanghu, would you be interested in visiting the place where I live?"

Sun Ru said: "Where I live, there are more good things!"

Although the old item Sun Ru is wearing now is this jade armor, it doesn't mean that she doesn't have other magic weapons on her body.

Whatever you take out is an ancient thing.

People around: "..."

Mr. Zanghu's eyes lit up: "Really. OK?"

Sun Rong held his forehead. He quickly took Sun Ru's arm and said, "Grandma Taizu...is this too hasty?"

Sun Ru responded playfully: "Is it rash? I think it's fine!"

At this moment, Sun Rong just sighed. Arranging Sun Ru to live in the apartment of Wei Zhi's family was really a wise choice. www.uukanshu.net Otherwise, with the personality of her grandma Taizu, she might not know what to do. What kind of trouble will happen again?

For Mr. Zanghu, it is a great honor to have such an opportunity to visit old objects up close.

He is not the type of person who prostitutes for free, nor does he like to owe others favors.

Dangzhi patted his chest and said, "Old things. I don't look at them for nothing. If you need my help, you can just ask!"

Tuesday, January 21st. There are 10 days until the Earth Center Project begins.

Chen Chao and Guo Hao are still practicing with their respective masters Cang Long and Liu Yong in the Mountain of Recall.

The confrontation around the restricted sea area continues.

Wang Ling got the answer he wanted. He is planning the next layout.

At the same time, Wang Ming was also recommended a candidate who might have a significant role in breaking the wall of spiritual consciousness...





Chapter 2109 Wall Breaker


The latest website address: Wang Ling is recommended by none other than the famous self-media author of self-media popularization of cultivation science who is very famous on the modern cultivation network. Infinite Xiaoliang teacher... people gave him the nickname: Mr. Hidden Fox.

Mainly for this Mr. Tibetan Fox. Wang Ming also knows about the existence of this figure. He has never been interested in Internet celebrities who are popular on the Internet. Internet celebrities are popular in self-media, Internet celebrity milk tea Wait a minute!

Wang Ming feels that anything that has anything to do with the word "Internet celebrity" is more or less disgusting. At least he himself is such a person.

In a sense, the birth of the Internet celebrity phenomenon is due to the development of the modern information industry on the one hand. On the other hand, it also represents a part of the public's aesthetics.

But with the intervention of capital, everything has become different. From the beginning, internet celebrities can represent a part of the public's aesthetics as a neutral term. Gradually, they have become more derogatory. Each internet celebrity is selling like hotcakes. Behind the product. God knows if it is an IQ tax scam?

Those Internet celebrity milk tea shops that hire people to queue up to buy milk tea. Are they really that delicious?

Are those pills that claim to be able to lose weight without exercise, diet, or lying down really that effective?

Therefore, as a rigorous scientific researcher, Wang Ming's aversion to such things is almost burned into his DNA.

But let’s talk about it. Shou Chong, whom Wang Ming currently recognizes, is one of his top researchers who has been newly recruited... He was also an Internet celebrity before.

So why did Wang Ming open up to Shou Chong?

I really have to break it down in detail. It seems that it is also because of this Mr. Hidden Fox.

And the bad relationship between him and Mr. Zanghu completely originated from Zhai Yin.

That's right.

Zhai Yin is his fan.

I always stay tuned to watch his videos. Like, vote, and add to favorites with one click. Sometimes he even gives a reward of one or two yuan during the live broadcast.

The amount was not big. But everyone in the Old Wang family knew how to be jealous (only Wang Ming at the time would never admit that he was jealous).

At that time, Wang Ming was very curious. Which man could make Zhai Yin admire him so much.

He doesn't believe in evil. He went to ruin the show with a fault-finding mentality. He also deliberately stayed at the other party's broadcast time several times.

During various introductions, Wang Ming was already ready to criticize. He was like a fan. He was just waiting for Mr. Zanghu to make a mistake. Then he immediately typed a message to correct him.

As a result, when he looked at it later, he found that Mr. Zanghu, an Internet celebrity... was really not an ordinary person. He was actually a person with something special!

The other party's knowledge reserve was much richer than Wang Ming imagined. He even had deep insights into the history of cultivation in modern and ancient times.

Then there is no more...

At first, Wang Ming watched the live broadcast simply because she was jealous and wanted to find fault.

Later, after he had to admit Mr. Zanghu's knowledge, he simply gave up the resistance and became a fan of Mr. Zanghu.

Now that I think about it carefully, that was when he started to have a vague affection for Zhai Yin. In fact, this incident also reflected the truth of some things.

In addition, it was also because Zhai Yin paid attention to this "Mr. Zanghu" that Wang Ming got to know more about Mr. Zanghu. And he also began to have a further change in his view of Internet celebrities.

Everything has two sides. It cannot be generalized.

And this also laid a foundation for the subsequent addition of Internet celebrity scientist Shou Chong.

"Life is a circle..." After seeing Wang Ling's recommendation, Wang Ming couldn't help but sigh in his heart.

After knowing that Mr. Zanghu was going to join the "Spiritual Wall Breaking Project", the most excited person was naturally Zhai Yin.

On one side is my boyfriend. On the other side is my idol.

This is simply a dream collaboration within a dream collaboration!

"So. Mr. Zanghu will be a key person in the plan?" Zhai Yin asked.

"Not bad." Wang Ming nodded.

Although their big plans are already set.

The "Spiritual Consciousness Wall Breaking Plan" is basically based on Bai Qiao's game {Itinerant Immortal} which has not yet been released to public beta.

When Heavenly Dao Yun quietly intervened, Brother Michu inside the wall of spiritual consciousness would also unconsciously enter the preset game world while resting, such as taking a nap, such as sleeping. They were trapped. Within the wall of spiritual consciousness. Therefore, it is also called the "wall-facer".

Therefore, in order to break the wall of spiritual consciousness, there needs to be a key person to guide you!

This person must have enough knowledge and eloquence to convince these people to follow his instructions and guidance and realize the plan step by step.

Therefore, Mr. Zanghu is indeed the most suitable person as this key person.

That's right. Mr. Zanghu, who is now the key person, also has a very important mission code name - Wall Breaker!

...

Inside the Karma Base, Mr. Zanghu was secretly invited here. During the entire process, he was put on a special eyepatch and was guided into the underground laboratory on the same floor as Wang Ming.

The existence of the causal base is top secret. Therefore, even if Mr. Zanghu is invited by the plan, careful protection must be implemented.

Mr. Zanghu was very cooperative throughout the whole process.

He remained silent. He didn't even ask where he was going and why he was wearing a special eyepatch.

Because the party that asked him to participate in this "Spiritual Wall Breaking Plan" as a "Wall Breaker" is Huaxiu Alliance.

Huaxiu Alliance was actually able to find him...

At that time, Mr. Zanghu was all stunned.

And this matter is genuine. Because the first place he went to was the Huaxiu Alliance headquarters. He also saw with his own eyes the legendary leader of the ten generals, Baoxing.

Therefore, at that time, Mr. Zanghu knew very clearly that this plan was a top secret of Huaxiu Alliance. He was a smart man. Since it was a top secret, it should not be something he knew. He should not have asked more questions. Otherwise, the other party would definitely I will tell myself in advance.

At present, the mission that Mr. Zanghu has learned about is probably in the form of a holographic game. Let the stubborn and stubborn monks in the game take the initiative to break open the thick and high wall in the game world.

As long as a hole is made in the wall. No matter how big or small the hole is, his mission will be considered a success!

And once the wall is destroyed, it means that...the monks' thinking will become clearer and they will no longer be deceived by false information.

In the opinion of Mr. Zanghu.

There is also some philosophical thinking in this.

You are willing to live in a constructed world of lies forever.

Or do you want to face the real world?

Finally, Mr. Zanghu was brought to a holographic cabin in the Karma Base. This was the same cabin developed by the Office of Strategic Deception.

At this time, his blindfold was also taken off.

Wang Ming, Zhai Yin, and Shou Chong each wore a mask. They stood in front of him wearing lab coats.

"Can I just lie down in it?" Mr. Zanghu asked.

"Mr. Zanghu, you have to take the pill." Zhai Yin suppressed his excitement and spread his hands and said.

In her hand. www.uukanshu.net lay a blue pill and a red pill.

This is a mental stabilization capsule developed by Wang Ming through the divine brain. It has also undergone the latest version of the enlightenment technique from Wang Ling. After all, Shou Chong's consciousness will be directly connected to the Heavenly Dao cloud. With a mortal body. I'm afraid there will be risks.

After swallowing the capsule, he can temporarily cut off the extra pressure caused by the cosmic miracle Heavenly Dao cloud on him.

Mr. Zanghu always felt that this scene was a bit familiar. He couldn't help laughing: "So. If I take this blue pill, I will see the false world. If I take this red pill, I will see the real world?" "

"No. Mr. Zanghu."

Wang Ming replied: "There is no difference between these two pills. It's just that one is blueberry flavored and the other is strawberry flavored. You can choose the flavor you like."

Mr. Zanghu: "..."





Chapter 2110 Itinerant Immortal Child Magic Ring


The latest website: {Itinerant Immortal} is an open world game developed by Bai Qiao. After adding the holographic mode, all players who enter the game can carry out basic transformations based on their own image. That is Shape your face on your own.

However, in order to avoid too large a gap with the real image, the player's face information and height data are almost fixed values. Only the values that match the basic facial features can be fine-tuned. The value adjustment authority does not exceed 0.5.

As for changes in body shape, there are not so many restrictions.

So after the holographic cabin collected the facial data of Mr. Zanghu, a furry fox head appeared in the game world...

This situation made Mr. Zanghu sigh. He was used to it. But this game was so real that it made him feel a little uncomfortable.

A virtual game world. In order to pursue a stronger sense of immersion, many manufacturers usually spend a lot of effort on the face pinching process. But this Bai Qiao one is a bit original. It directly scans the face. It almost restores your original facial features data. Faces reveal their true appearance directly in the game.

"Why is it like this? Is it just to improve the sense of reality?" Mr. Zanghu was puzzled.

"Of course not." Soon, a voice came from his mind. It was Wang Ming's voice.

During the entire game, Wang Ming will provide all-round guidance to Mr. Zanghu outside. He can realize the voice directly in his mind.

"{Itinerant Immortal Child Law Ring} is an open-ended game that is still in the inner stage. A very important label in it is making friends."

"Make friends..."

"In other words, keep the facial features data as real as possible. At least people who can look at each other will not feel much difference when they meet offline."

"I see. Do you want to date someone by looking at their faces while playing a game?"

Mr. Zanghu laughed. He thought this design was really ridiculous: "It can be an open world. It must be participated by players from all over the world. Online dating is inherently a trap. Coupled with long-distance love, it should be impossible, right?"

"Coordinate display will be enabled during the public beta. Eh... If you are really interested in this aspect, you can only communicate with players in the same city."

Wang Ming replied: "The modern world of cultivation is open and inclusive. As long as you can see the right person, increase the marriage rate. Then increase the promotion rate of the new generation of monks. Online dating is also feasible."

"But this is only theoretically possible..."

"Mr. Zanghu is right to say that. But this is also a helpless move. You are a popular science scholar. You also study history. Maybe you don't know much about games. Let me ask. Do you know how difficult it is to apply for a game license now? ?"

"Have the exchange been reviewed? I understand."

When Mr. Zanghu heard this, he couldn't help but laugh bitterly.

The conversation between the two people was also heard by Wang Ling.

That's right. In fact, Wang Ling is also paying attention to the progress of this game.

Not only could he hear the conversation between the two, but he could also clearly understand Mr. Zanghu's actions.

The key is. He has also logged into the game...

Directly connected to the Internet from the Office of Strategic Deception. Moreover, it is still together with Sun Rong.

Considering that Chen Chao, Guo Hao and the others have not yet come out of the mountain of retrospection, Wang Ling and Sun Rong also decided to join the game in secret. By the way, they would see if they could secretly provide Mr. Zanghu with whatever they could. of help.

These two game cabins were moved directly to Lord Diu Lei's Office of Strategic Deception. No one knows what Wang Ling and Sun Rong are doing in the office at the moment...

...Gu Scandium

After synchronizing the facial and body data, the next step is career selection.

Yes. {Itinerant Immortal Child Magic Ring} has professions. Although it also incorporates the concept of cultivation. However, the initial basic attribute distribution, starting money, and specialties of each profession are different.

Ancient heavy-armored monk, immortal sword, country man, thief, stargazer, reborn, mechanic, sealer, regretter, loser.

The top ten professions. They were all designed by Bai Qiao. Each profession has an attribute focus. It is divided into five basic attributes: strength, agility, intelligence, defense, and luck.

For those new to this type of game, [Ancient Heavy Armored Monk] is naturally the first choice. It comes with a high health value of 200 points.

Among the five major attributes, basic strength and agility are both very high. Strength determines the damage value. And agility determines the accuracy and attack speed of melee attacks.

And [Sword Immortal] is a profession that mainly focuses on agility. In terms of weapon selection, when wearing sword weapons, whether it is a two-handed sword, one-handed sword or a giant sword, the Immortal Sword has additional blessings.

These are two professions that are more suitable for novices.

Wang Ling took a look at the detailed career introduction.

I found that the remaining professions also have their own characteristics.

[Rural Rough Man]: The distribution of attributes is relatively even. The advantage is that it comes with a spiritual beast at the beginning. It can be chosen from the small griffon, the small spiritual dog, and the small spiritual elephant. It is available for players to choose.

The initial attributes of the spirit beasts are different. The little spirit beast is the weakest, the little spirit elephant is the strongest. The little spirit dog is relatively in the middle. But the stronger the starting spirit beast means that it also requires the consumption of materials. If you don't have enough experience. It's easy to feed your spiritual beasts to death.

According to the settings, the basic attributes of the little spirit elephant are the highest at the beginning. At the same time, it is easy to be killed. But if it can grow up later, it can also be used as a mount.

[Thief]: A special attribute with three points of luck at the beginning. It is said that Bai Qiao designed it based on Zhang Zhui. Choosing this profession is purely based on luck. The initial equipment is also very average. To put it bluntly, everything depends on "Bai" visit a prostitute".

Of course. Because there are punishment measures for "thieves" in the game. Once discovered by mistake, it is easy to be beaten to death by the crowd...

In the previous closed beta, according to Bai Qiao, there were many playful people in the open world who chose this profession after completing the closed beta. They all achieved the achievement of "being physically disabled but strong in spirit".

[Stargazing Taoist]: A profession that combines Taoist background. It has a whisk. It can be used to cast spells from a distance. It starts with three points of intelligence.

[Reborn]: A profession with balanced strength and intelligence. At the same time, there is a fragment of the world map in the hand. It has a memory at the beginning. It can completely see a certain corner of the world and the distribution status of spiritual beasts. And learn about the possibilities in the illuminated map. Useful resources exist.

However, the game world is too big. Choose a reborn person at the beginning. You may not necessarily fall directly into the illuminated map.

At that time, the data that the reborn person selected at the beginning of the closed beta directly transferred to the illuminated map was 2%.

All in all. www.uukanshu.net is a career that is not recommended for novices.

[Mechanic]: A master of wisdom. The prototype of the character is Wang Ming himself. He randomly has a modern weapon at the beginning. In the subsequent plot, he can be transformed into various modern professions according to the needs of the plot. Such as Huan Daxi Lingyang Mechanical Mecha Engineer. Or...Breaking Bad!

[Sealer] A master of agility and intelligence. Full of unknowns and surprises. He carries a broken ancient scroll. You need to collect the key to open the ancient scroll during the game to develop more new things.

[Repenter] is the only profession that starts with all agility attributes. His background is that he is a monk who is constantly being hunted by his ex-wife or husband because he broke off the engagement. Therefore, his agility is very high. It is extremely difficult!

According to the data results provided by Bai Qiao, during a round of internal testing, a female player directly attacked her ex-husband. This caused a direct two-level reversal in the subsequent plot. It was equivalent to adopting her ex-husband as her own pet.

Looking at these career introductions. Wang Ling sighed silently. In the end, I chose the last [waste]...

7017k





Chapter 2111 The Wall Breaker of the Magic Ring World


The reason Wang Ling chose [waste] is very simple. Because this profession does not have so many bells and whistles. And the attribute distribution is balanced. It comes with five attributes at the beginning. Each basic attribute is assigned 1 point. It can be said that Both rain and dew are stained.

As for the equipment, it's even simpler.

After entering the game world, Wang Ling clicked on his [Inventory] and took a look. The white rough cloth in the character list was extremely conspicuous. It made him look a bit like a country boy who came out of the wilderness. Except Apart from the hairstyle, there is nothing modern about him. He is just a pure savage.

Although his background is in a small town, the conditions created for him by this profession are indeed very poor. He started with one piece of clothing and nothing else.

In Bai Qiao's {Itinerant Immortal Magic Circle}, when the player selects a character, the opening plot is different. Each career's opening will have a hundred sets of openings that match the character's story background and personality. Then In the following plot, the options will be continuously arranged and combined to determine the final direction of the story.

So. This also means that the task options after Wang Ling cannot be selected blindly.

For example, his start is like this now.

Originally the son of a noble family, he was ostracized because of his weak physique.

So, without sufficient guarantee of resources, the protagonist decided to go to the city to work, intending to earn money by working with his own hands and earn training funds. After entering the town, the young protagonist quickly found a job. I had a job of harvesting immortal grass. However, because I was too young, my salary was maliciously deducted by the unscrupulous boss in the final stage of settlement. This led to a conflict with the boss.

Because the difference in strength was too big. In the end, the protagonist was punished by the boss without saying a word. And because he had an affair with the boss first, he was now taken into the yamen. He needed to be locked up for three days as punishment...

After reading the basic background introduction, Wang Ling's heart was almost filled with uncontrollable flaws.

It is indeed in line with the background setting of the "waste" profession. At the beginning, it gives people a strong sense of "don't bully young people who are poor". You will be bullied and oppressed. And then in the end, you will either plummet to the bottom. Then he will directly attack and slap all sentient beings in the face.

This is the life of "waste" people under normal circumstances...

After all, {Itinerant Immortal} is a game masterpiece designed with cultivation as its background. As for the character content of cultivation, Qidian novels alone can provide too much material to count.

So. Are there 100 ways to start a career?

I'm afraid this is just rare.

At this time Wang Ling suddenly became curious.

Sun Rong. What career did you choose?

During the game, he and Sun Rong are independent individuals. Only when they meet can they have normal conversations.

Otherwise, they have to wait for Wang Ming to step in as a third party and give them a hint.

Wang Ling is actually quite curious. And he also knows that Wang Ming must be observing everything secretly. Now he found out. Wang Ming is really a little bit bad... With Wang Ming's IQ, he would not have guessed it. What are you thinking about?

As a result, he didn't even say a word to him, which made Wang Ling feel a little depressed.

The next second, a rather unbeatable voice came over: "Ling Ling, do you want a guide? You can ask me."

Of course Wang Ling has a complete set of strategies in his hands. Jingke went to Bai Qiao specifically to get them. But each profession has 100 sets of starting methods. So the total is 1000 sets of starting methods.

Wang Ling feels that since we are playing a game, it would be boring if we knew the optimal solution in advance according to the guide.

So he didn't look at it at all.

According to the normal strategy, the protagonist needs to bribe the prison chief of the Yamen to gain freedom in advance. After all, if he is really imprisoned here for three days, the protagonist may not be able to survive that long with his useless physique.

What's more, he was beaten at the beginning.

The blood volume is only 70 points.

And in the hungry state, 5 blood points will be deducted every hour...

So the most economical way is to survive these three days.

Then increasing the upper limit of blood volume is the key.

Wang Ling took a look at his own condition. He didn't know if it was too late to practice push-ups now...

But doing push-ups is also an old joke. Wang Ling felt that since it was going to be renovated, of course it should be done with some flowers.

Although he doesn't know the strategy, he knows Bai Qiao very well. Bai Qiao and Jingke are from the same source. As the sword spirit and sheath spirit under his control, Wang Ling feels that the cultivation logic of this game is written. Bai Qiao must have more or less referenced a lot of Heavenly Dao's theories in it.

In the current world of cultivation, it is no secret that all cultivation spells originated from Heavenly Dao. Almost all cultivation spells range from level 1 to level 10. Even super levels above level 10 have their roots from Heavenly Dao. It is the branches that extend from around this big tree trunk. The branches. The branches. The leaves...

When it comes to playing games. Wang Ling can't be said to be an expert, but he knows Heavenly Dao.

Gu Xun, if the game programming logic refers to some routes of Heavenly Dao, then most of the spells and mental methods Wang Ling can be simulated independently.

So...

What are the mental methods or exercises to increase blood volume?

Wang Ling thought for a moment.

Then he directly sat down cross-legged in the cell. His hands naturally dropped to his knees, and he began to try various mental techniques.

In just three minutes, Wang Ling recited three exercises and mental formulas that can improve physical strength.

I finished reading the first two books. There was no response from the characters in the game.

Fortunately, by the time he reached the third book of "The Art of Descending Gods", his health bar value suddenly increased!

From the initial 70 points to 80 points!

And in the skill column, related displays about this skill also appeared. Bai Qiao simplified the name of this skill.

God-level skill {God Descends to Earth} Passive attribute: God descends to earth can be superimposed passively by sitting cross-legged and reciting mantras. Each layer of passive provides 10 points of blood value. There is no upper limit for the number of layers. (Other ways to quickly superimpose passive: every hit Killing a non-human creature counts as one stack. Each successful act of pretense counts as one stack)

After seeing the detailed explanation, Wang Ling raised his eyebrows. It turns out that passive can be superimposed not only by reciting the mantra.

But if you show off once and stack passive...how do you do this?

He is used to keeping a low profile...

I won’t show off at all!

Who will teach him how to act cool...

Wang LingSuddenly felt a little pain in my brain.

He was depressed in his heart. He could only use the most clumsy way to rely on silently reciting mental mantras to superimpose passivity. At the same time, he was thinking about how to show off correctly.

Because I have memorized this mental method very well. This is originally something engraved in the DNA of Wang Ling. Therefore, it takes about 10-30 minutes for ordinary people to recite a complete article. And it still needs to ensure zero mistakes.

Wang Ling only takes 1 minute. Or even dozens of seconds at the fastest.

He sat cross-legged in the sky prison. He closed his eyes and meditated silently for a long time. Soon his blood volume dropped by 170.

Already stacked 10 layers of passive.

Nearly the initial HP of an ancient heavy-armored monk.

However, I am not particularly satisfied with this value. Wang Ling. I always feel that it is too slow to rely on memorization.

At this time, the prison guard passed by him again.

Wang Ling couldn't help but look over. After discovering that the opponent's blood volume was only 100 points, he couldn't help but sigh: "100?"

"What's wrong with 100? I've been practicing for 100 years. What's wrong?" The prisoner looked at Wang Ling jokingly and sneered.

It turns out that "blood volume" is "Tao Xing" in the NPC's thinking mode.

Wang Ling didn't expect that his casual grunt could directly trigger an interaction with the cell leader.

"Nothing..."

He could only scratch his head in embarrassment and sigh again. His tone was still a bit careless: "I'm only 170. I'm only 70% taller than you."

What Wang Ling didn't expect was that after he said the truth, the original 10-level passive ability was directly increased by 1 point...

Eh?

Is this added?

original.

Is this considered pretentious?





Chapter 2112 Career Choice of Sun Rong


Latest website: Everything is difficult at the beginning. This is true in real life. Of course, the game is no exception.

A game developer from Sun Island. Miyazaki Ren, known as the father of the soul system by monks, is the creator of the same type of game that Bai Qiao is currently developing.

Is Miyazaki kind or not? Sun Rong has never experienced it, but I know more or less.

In the game circle, the meme of Miyazaki’s mercy has almost become obsolete!

So Bai Qiaoren is not kind. Sun Rong doesn’t know. But he is somewhat mentally prepared.

Top ten professions. Sun RongThe final choice is [Ancient Heavy Armored Monk].

Because she knows that with the personality of Wang Ling, she will definitely choose [waste] to start. After all, this seems to be a relatively low-key profession.

So why did she choose [Ancient Heavy Armored Monk]?

There are three reasons.

The first is that she doesn’t want to be the same as Wang Ling. Moreover, in the career list, the career chosen by her and Wang Ling happen to be at the same end. This gives her an indescribable and inexplicable fantasy.

And. Here are the top ten professions!

Maybe it means that she can catch up with Wang Ling in ten months!

The second reason. As mentioned in the job introduction, it is more friendly to novice players. The operation is also easier to use. The health and defense are very high! She feels that after encountering Wang Ling later, she can fight with Wang Ling. Wang Ling cooperates. Give Wang Ling a human shield!

The last reason. In fact, when Sun Rong saw this profession, he immediately thought of the newly recognized grandma Sun Ru.

In ancient times, her great-grandmother Sun Ru was also such an ancient heavy-armored monk! The armor she wore was so heroic and heroic. She really wanted to experience what it felt like to wear it on her body.

The holographic game cabin has a spiritual transmission matching system. The texture, touch, weight and even temperature of all equipment are strictly controlled within this system.

In other words, when wearing a thick set of ancient armor, even in the game, Sun Rong can clearly feel the heaviness from ancient times.

After being on the inside, {Itinerant Immortal Magic Ring} has received unanimous praise from players. They think it is a cross-generational game work. Because everything in the game world is too real! Everything can be truly touched. The distance of the sound. The smell of different objects has a unique system.

Even when you are injured by being cut, you will feel pain to a certain extent.

Of course, the pain is bearable. After all, if it hurts too much, the player will be disconnected directly from the pain.

And the most important thing is that when players suffer damage inside the game, they will get a tolerable tingling sensation similar to current feedback in the game holographic cabin in the real world. It also has a certain effect on promoting the self-purification ability of spiritual roots.

In other words, playing games is just playing games. There is no need to worry about practicing during the entire game.

In addition, the holographic cabin is also equipped with a special nutritional potion. It will detect the body values of each monk in real time. If the monk needs to supplement nutrition during the game, he can choose the potion independently. The injection is automatically completed by the holographic cabin, thereby obtaining longer health. game experience time.

Of course. If the monitoring equipment determines that the monk has played for too long and even the nutritional potions have been consumed, it will automatically archive and force the connection to be disconnected to allow the player to return to the real world to rest.

Of course...

All the above functions are only available to adult monks.

For underage monks, the total gaming experience is only two hours.

This wave of Wang Ling and Sun Rong is a game that has received special benefits. It is a game developed by Bai Qiao. Bai Qiao himself is the sheath spirit of Wang Ling. That’s why Wang Ling He is the real boss behind the scenes.

...

Same as Wang Ling. After entering the game world. Sun Rong first checked his [inventory].

In the character equipment area, she saw the ancient silver scale armor that looked very thick. This style is suitable for both men and women, but it is indeed an older style. It is okay without a helmet. If you even wear a helmet, there will be A clunky feeling.

This also means that Sun Rong's own movement speed is not high. Although the blood volume reached 200 points at the beginning, and the defense power is also considerable, the mobility of the profession is really poor.

The start of the ancient heavy armored monk profession. The start background that Sun Rong was randomly assigned to is as follows.

Through conversations with NPCs, Sun Rong gradually learned about his current role and background.

The role she plays is a guard guarding a remote town. But the ancient concept of male superiority and female inferiority in the "Itinerant Immortal Continent" has penetrated into the hearts of some monks with old ideas. It is deeply rooted.

Monks with old ideas believe that women should stay at home, take care of their children, farm the land, and do housework. Going to the battlefield to win glory for the country is what men should do.

But the game's "Sun Rong" doesn't think so. So she is always looking for opportunities to prove herself. She wants to prove it with her actual actions. There is no difference between men and women in bringing glory to the country.

Women are not inferior to men. Even women can protect their home and country. They will give everything they have! Even their lives!

She has an older brother. He is the foolish son of a landlord in the Imperial City. He is greedy for life, afraid of death, and greedy for money. During the time when the Imperial Capital was recruiting an expeditionary force, her brother retreated. In addition, her father was partial to his older brother.

The two of them conspired to shave off her hair without hesitation, dress her up like a boy, and let her take part in the expedition in place of her brother.

Now, it is her second year of joining the expeditionary force. She works hard every day on guard duty beside the city wall of this remote town.

In the past two years, she has used various methods to avoid the fact that she is a girl, because once people know that she is a woman, what awaits her will be the most severe and inhumane punishment...

Originally, everything was fine. But just recently, she noticed a lot of suspicious eyes on her.

[To reassure doubters]

This was the first main quest that Sun Rong encountered after entering the game. To be honest, she didn't know where to start. Sun Rong didn't have much exposure to this type of game.

If Chen Chao and Guo Hao were here at this time, these two people would definitely know what to do better.

But Sun Rong also knows that all the choices he makes next will affect the development of the subsequent plot. www.uukanshu.net

The only thing to do now is to make peace with Wang Ling as soon as possible.

But...

Where is classmate Wang Ling now?

Sun Rong feels like my head hurts...

At this time, a rough male voice came from the side: "Hey, who is that? The prison boss wants you to go there. There is a dishonest person in the prison. I hope you go and beat him up."

The person talking to him was another heavily armored monk.

"Why me?"

"What? The cell leader asked you to go. Just go. He has a very good relationship with the general. Do you want to disobey?"

The burly monk laughed: "They said you look like a girl. If you don't go, it will prove even more that you are a woman. Because only women can be soft-hearted."





Chapter 2113 Unknown Plot


Latest website: The cell is cramped, damp, and dark. The surrounding environment is so real that one wonders whether this is reality or a game.

Bai Qiao has designed a game that spans the ages. It has directly updated the entire industry. It is shocking.

It is worthy of being highly praised by players during the closed beta stage. It is listed as a masterpiece of a cross-generational work. You must know that the last company that was listed as an insider in the gaming industry was Mixiyou.

Wang Ling doesn't play games often. Especially the ones where you draw cards to earn gold. His luck is always very good. Even if he doesn't earn gold, he can draw all the rare cards.

As for the cost of krypton gold, it seems to Wang Ling that it is better to save it and buy crispy noodles. He doesn’t know what Chen Chao and Guo Hao think. A single order of 648... is really willing to spend his own money. All the family wealth was contributed.

However, Wang Ling does not exclude games. After all, the fun of the game itself is still there. As long as everything is not excessive.

For example, this {Itinerant Immortal magic ring}. Wang Ling originally thought it was not interesting. But now it seems that it is a little more interesting than he thought.

He closed his eyes and recited the mantra of the mental method silently. He watched as the passive layers of his "God descends to earth" mental method continued to accumulate. When it reached the seventy-second level.

Wang Ling already has 785/820 blood volume. 70 drops of it are his initial blood volume. Originally, the initial health volume of the profession was 100 points. However, because he was injured and hungry, Wang Ling Lost 30 drops in the opening game.

But it doesn't matter. Anyway, now he has a health bar dripping with blood. Even if the negative status makes him deduct 5 points an hour, he can still last for a long time.

What is the concept of 820 drops of blood? In the Itinerant Immortal magic ring. The mini-boss in the early map has almost this amount of blood.

The cell leader was greatly surprised. He had never seen such a weird person who got higher and higher as he passed the barrier. In addition, he was "taunted" by Wang Ling first, which made him very angry.

That's right. The taunt was in double quotes. He thought Wang Ling was taunting him. But in fact Wang Ling was not.

Wang Ling is also very aggrieved. He just told the truth. Why is it just pretending?

So now Wang Ling found out. There was something wrong with the way the prison boss looked at him.

Mostly because he wanted to take revenge on himself.

Shao Qing. The door of the old room was opened. It was the cell leader again.

Wang Ling saw his sharp eyes. He looked at him with a fierce look on his face. His sharp eyes said: "You! Come with me!"

Soon. A system prompt came in front of Wang Ling.

[You have triggered an unknown plot]

Until then Wang Ling suddenly realized that something was wrong.

He enjoyed practicing here for a while, but he forgot about the balance mechanism in the game. Since some of Bai Qiao's spells are designed based on the concept of Heavenly Dao, he must have also increased monitoring of balance.

In other words, the plot I encountered at this stage was triggered by the game world out of balance considerations.

After all, he hadn't even stepped out of the first map of Novice Village. The character's overall blood volume had already exceeded 820. It was really outrageous.

As the cell leader led him forward, Wang Ling carefully observed the surrounding environment. He was trying to find the surrounding bonfires.

Yes. In the Itinerant Immortal spell ring, every bonfire that appears on the map is a save point.

And now that Wang Ling has not found even a save point, it means that the [unknown plot] he will encounter next. If it is not handled properly, the mental mantra he has just recited for so long will be in vain. Well...the data will be directly wiped out by then. Start over from scratch.

This can be said to be the pain that players of soul-based games must bear. Although Wang Ling doesn’t play it often and has never eaten pork, he has seen pigs running away!

He had watched the live game online between Chen Chao and Guo Haochuan. He also put coins into each of them. And so far, they don't know that the person who put in coins for them is Wang Ling.

As Wang Ling expected. The plot script started to develop in a not so good direction.

On the way, the cell leader didn't say a word. He didn't take Wang Ling out of the cell. Instead, he walked him deeper into the cell.

As the surrounding air gradually became colder, Wang Ling also felt a hint of the atmosphere common in horror games.

He moved a vegetable jar half as tall as a man away, revealing the opening of the underground cellar in the cell.

Wang Ling raised his eyebrows. Unexpectedly, the passage to the dark cellar was hidden in this place.

Moreover, it is covered with the old sauerkraut jar used for making sauerkraut. How strong the smell must be! Is it true that mold will not grow if placed in a dark and humid place like a prison cell?

When you take the sauerkraut, do you have to pour it into a pit and stomp on it to get some athlete's foot?

At this time, the prison head sneered at Wang Ling.

"You. Get down!"

Wang Ling felt calm in his heart. He did not show any signs of anger. Instead, he "obediently" followed the cell leader's instructions and walked down the stone steps. The eerie background music echoed directly in the dark cellar.

A dark, cold, terrifying and full of resentment smell came to my face!

The moment Wang Ling stepped onto the bottom floor of the dark cellar along the stone steps, countless deformed hand and foot marks emerged like a tide on the walls made of mud and tiles, exuding faint fireflies!

Every cell has a lynching site. Obviously, this dark cellar is the special lynching space in the cell where Wang Ling is located. The prisoners imprisoned here only have to offend the people in the cell or have not paid enough atonement money. It's possible they could be brought here.

And during the lynching process, many people died...

The cell leader showed off his power. He felt that Wang Ling was not experienced in the world. As long as he imposed a small punishment, he would be so scared that he would kneel on the ground and beg him for mercy.

But I don’t know why. There was no expression on this young man’s face from beginning to end. From beginning to end, he had a standard dead fish eyes and paralyzed face!

No matter how terrifying the atmosphere of the dark cellar was, he completely ignored it!

Wang Ling yawned.

Even if it were real reality here, it wouldn't scare him. What's more, it's just a game.

Although the atmosphere rendering and environment have indeed been fake and real. They are almost the same as reality. But Wang Ling's heart is always calm.

Wang Ling was wondering what the prison boss would do next. As a result, he found that his passive layer of {{天神下世}} had inexplicably increased by one more layer.

He...he's showing off again?

Is this considered pretentious?

Wang Ling didn’t understand. But he was deeply shocked.

At this time. www.uukanshu.net The prison boss finally understood. He had underestimated the hateful dead fish eyes in front of him.

At this moment, he finally opened his eyes angrily and revealed his true colors in the empty dark cellar. He kicked Wang Ling in the chest with a fierce kick.

However, Wang Ling's figure never moved.

I never felt any pain.

I just saw that the blood volume value dropped.

It was 795/830 just now...

Now it's 794/830...

Little brother, you can’t do that!

This kick is quite heavy. It actually only lost 1.

Wang Ling sighed.

Slightly disappointed with the kick from the prison head.





Chapter 2114 Unexpected Development


The pain mechanism of {Itinerant Immortal Ring} has always been a highlight of publicity. Although it will not 100% restore the most realistic pain. But when the microcurrent of the holographic cabin penetrates the skin of the monk's body, the kind of pain that follows The feedback that comes from it will give people a sense of immersion.

There are many fighting elements in high-quality large-scale games. The pursuit of realism and impact in fighting has always been an important indicator for game fans to evaluate the quality.

However, when this micro-current feedback acted on Wang Ling, the effect was minimal. He could only feel slightly that his chest seemed to be pressed by something.

Wang Ling knows. This is the effect of the airbag simulation device in the holographic cabin.

When being hit in the game, Bai Qiao's holographic cabin and the game will not only activate the pain mechanism, but also activate the airbag mechanism based on the part that was hit.

Simulates the action feedback effects of players being kicked, beaten, kicked, etc...

It's like Wang Ling being kicked in the chest now. The airbag of this holographic cabin inflated. This feeling is much stronger than the airbag effect of those inflatable massage chairs in the mall!

Because the physical body is too strong, Wang Ling does not respond much to pain. But the feedback that should be felt can actually be felt.

The kick from the prison boss didn't shake Wang Ling at all. This made him even more angry. He knew that he was being looked down upon.

The surrounding atmosphere sank to the freezing point with the flickering candlelight. Wang Ling felt a sinister wind eroding the bones. The prison head stopped talking. Even the atmosphere was colder than before.

Wang Ling saw him turn his back and walked to a certain place in the dark cellar. He pulled out an earthen brick from the clasp of his five fingers.

Buzz!

A terrifying blood-red eye soon appeared. The powerful mental pressure dropped sharply. This was a simulated spiritual pressure mechanism emitted by the holographic cabin. It was very real. But it still had little effect on Wang Ling.

Now. Wang Ling finally knows what [unknown plot] he triggered. It turns out that the prison boss raised a monster in the dark cellar...

Yes. This is a demonic beast. It is not a spiritual beast. The spiritual power emitted by a spiritual beast is essentially different from that of a demonic beast. It is a colder spiritual power.

Of course, not all monsters in the monster world are hostile to humans. But the more ferocious the monsters, the colder the spiritual power in their bodies, giving people a feeling of coldness like frost.

Wang Ling Although he didn't feel the feedback from the holographic cabin, he saw that his blood volume was dropping at a speed visible to the naked eye. It looked like he could lose one drop of blood in two seconds. .

But it's okay. He's over 790 now. It's enough to last ten minutes.

"Blood slave! Eat him!" Soon, the prison leader gave an order to the monster trapped in the wall.

A whoosh!

A dark purple vine poked out from the gap.

However, Wang Ling's figure did not move. He did not dodge or dodge. He was not frightened by the rattan either.

I saw that this dark purple rattan turned transparent and passed across his body.

Facts have proved that Wang Ling’s judgment was correct.

Because this vine is just an illusion.

The monster inside wants to use illusions to force Wang Ling to move, thereby making Wang Ling fall within its attack range.

But generally speaking, you need to rely on illusions to force you out of position.

This means that the opponent's shooting range is simply not enough.

This monster was originally kept in a wall by the cell leader. Since it was so restricted, its original attack range would definitely be affected.

Thinking about it this way, Wang Ling feels that it is completely reasonable.

The truth only lies within range.

In other words, if you are outside the range, it means you can do whatever you want...

As long as you can stand firm and don't take another step forward, there is nothing this monster can do against you.

See Wang Ling standing quietly on the spot. He didn't appear to be disturbed by illusions at all.

The prison chief was obviously a little anxious: "Don't you feel it! Your cultivation is weakening! Even if you stand still, you are still going to die!"

He gritted his teeth. These words sounded a bit like a threat.

But Wang Ling was not afraid at all. He stood there, picked his ears, and started to shake his legs.

Shaking your legs is a bad habit. But if you shake your legs when you're bored, it's quite exciting.

This is all the result of Wang Ling being brought out by Chen Chao.

But in the eyes of the prison boss, such behavior is undoubtedly disrespectful.

"Good boy, you have the guts! If you have the guts, just stay there and don't move. I will turn you into a mummy later!" He was furious. But there was nothing he could do with Wang Ling.

The more anxious Wang Ling feels, the more it illustrates the problem.

Anyway, the other party's purpose is just to kill himself. So since he is bound to die sooner or later, why do he have to die in the hands of this monster?

Thought again.

Wang Ling gradually understood everything.

Right now, his blood volume has been reduced over time to a value similar to that of the cell leader.

And it was precisely because he had not come closer that the cell leader became even more panicked.

Obviously, the prison chief would not have thought that the young man in front of him could have such determination.

Just when Wang Ling's health was about to equal that of the prison leader. Wang Ling could see that the prison leader was in a hurry. He began to use the bricks he had just dug out to block the connection port of the monster beast.

But obviously, it is too late to make this decision now.

Bang!

A claw protruded directly from the gap. It transferred the piece in the hands of the prison leader and crushed it to pieces!

A very hungry monster. The increase in power is also infinite.

The health of this cell leader is only 100 points. Every time he brought lynched prisoners here to feed him, he never went on a business trip. But this time... is an exception!

The moment the bricks were smashed by the monster inside the wall, Wang Ling had already seen the ending of this cell leader.

Especially now that my blood volume is lower than that of the prison boss.

Who to choose as food... becomes a very clear choice.

The next second.

The ruthless hunting claws of the monster in the wall poked out directly from the gaps in the bricks. They grabbed the prison head's head upside down and turned his entire head around like a screw.

Wang Ling saw something like a rhizome extending down the claws of the monster. It pierced the blood vessels of the prison head and began to eat away the blood in his body until it drained him completely.

...

The above description was written on the spot by Wang Ling based on the mosaic in front of him and the novel writing ability inherited from Father Wang.

He didn't know the specific situation. Anyway, it was just in a mosaic. The cell leader died directly... All that was left in front of him was a piece of cell armor, a storage bag and a cell leader. helmet.

After all, it is a game for everyone.

There is no coding in this game. It will never pass the review!

After eating and drinking enough, the monsters inside the wall naturally had no intention of continuing to persecute Wang Ling. Wang Ling walked straight over without fear.

After thinking about it.

Then he put the cell head outfit on himself...





Chapter 2115 Wang Ling’s new identity


Latest website: [System: You have obtained a new identity (cell leader)]

...

When Wang Ling changed into the prison chief's clothes, a prompt from the system immediately popped up in front of his eyes.

When re-checking the taskbar, next to the occupation, Wang Ling found a new expanded label [Prison Head].

This also highly demonstrates the freedom in the game. That is, after triggering a hidden task and successfully completing the task, according to the different professional labels represented by the hidden NPC, as long as one of the opponent's equipment is picked up, it will automatically deemed to have acquired its identity.

However, this identity will only be effective if you carry equipment that symbolizes your professional attributes.

That is to say, in addition to the initial profession, a player can also obtain the identity of the other party by collecting specific NPC equipment to better complete the task.

However, this identity is usually limited.

For example, the things that symbolize the identity of this [Prison Leader] are his helmet, armor and a storage bag. On them are engraved the logo of the Fuyun Town Prison where Wang Ling is currently located.

But these items all have weight.

If you keep them all in your inventory, sooner or later it will be overloaded.

The initial load limit of the basic inventory is 500. This is the same for every profession. The load will be calculated even if it is worn.

During the game, the player's all-round attributes will be integrated to increase the load value.

Wang Ling glanced at the prison head equipment he had just picked up: Floating Cloud Prison Head's helmet (white), Floating Cloud Prison Head's armor (white), and ordinary storage bag (green).

The total weight of the three items is already 400 points.

As a result, when he glanced at the total maximum weight limit behind him, he was immediately startled.

He rubbed his eyes to make sure he saw it correctly.

Yes. His weight capacity is actually 7800 points

"It turns out that the upper limit of weight capacity is also affected by blood volume..."

Wang Ling muttered in his heart.

He quickly figured out what was going on.

500 points of basic load-bearing. Coupled with the blood volume passively accumulated by the stacked 73 layers of God's Descending Heart Technique, he has an excess load-bearing space from the beginning.

This means that in the next outstanding stage, he may be able to gain more identities by relying on this game.

This game is more interesting than Wang Ling imagined.

Opening the ordinary storage bag at the head of the cell, Wang Ling got the following items: 500 copper coins, 5 ingots of silver, a second-grade spiritual stone (green) and two health recovery pills.

After the storage bag is opened, the entire storage bag disappears automatically. This is regarded as a reward for completing this hidden mission. It is not for players.

As for the many extra items, it does not affect the weight value. It is equivalent to the original weight of the storage bag.

This means that if you encounter a particularly heavy storage bag later, it means that there may be good things inside.

After summing up the things he had on hand, Wang Ling sat down directly in the dark cellar. He recited the mental formula silently for a while and raised his passive level to 90.

Then he took and swallowed the two blood-restoring pills.

At this point, his blood volume has completely returned to full.

A blood recovery pill can restore 500 points. It can also eliminate the character's hunger state.

Now. Wang Ling can really be said to be resurrected with full health.

At this time, Wang Ling looked back at the monsters in the wall behind. At the same time, he felt very complicated.

It's not like he has never dealt with monsters. After all, he still has Er Ha at home. Moreover, Er Ha has been transformed from a monster into a spiritual beast. Now he has been promoted to the level of a divine beast.

He knew clearly that the monsters in the game were fictitious, but he still felt a little kindness towards this monster that was kept in captivity. This monster killed many people. But Wang Ling clearly knew this. They were all forced out by this prison boss.

Because it was not given food, in order to survive, this monster had no other choice. Because of this, it was also full of hatred for the prison boss... and at the final moment, it regarded the prison boss as its own rations. .

In other words, there was no real contractual relationship between the prison leader and the monster from the beginning. It was purely a result of the prison leader forcibly enslaving the monster through violent means.

Everything has a cause and an effect.

After thinking about everything, Wang Ling directly reached into the gap between the bricks.

This time, the monster didn't attack him.

Soon. Wang Ling felt a furry touch on his fingertips. This monster actually moved his own body closer.

Wang Ling felt it carefully. He stroked the head of the monster in the wall. It felt like the monster felt a bit like a... cat?

At this moment, another system prompt came.

And it's another hidden mission.

[System: You have triggered an unknown plot. Investigate the monsters inside the wall]

...

Wang Ling nodded slightly. Then he touched the cat demon's head through the gap between the bricks. Then he left the spiritual stone in his inventory to the cat demon.

A piece of inferior spirit stone (green). The price marked by the system is 10 silver ingots.

Spiritual stones are the hard currency in the cultivation world. However, according to the fluctuation of local market conditions, the transaction price of spiritual stones in each place will fluctuate slightly, but not too much. Generally, the selling price marked by the system is where Wang Ling is located. selling price.

Even for Wang Ling, 10 ingots of silver was a very valuable initial start-up cost in the early stages of the game. But he did not choose to sell this spiritual stone. Instead, he directly left it to this cat demon. .

By absorbing the spiritual power from this spiritual stone, this cat demon should be able to survive for a while longer.

"Stop eating people."

Then, he only left these words and left the cellar with his new identity as cell leader.

Just like the previous prison guard, he sealed the entrance of the dark cellar tightly with a jar of pickled sauerkraut.

The whole process of walking out of the cell was smooth and smooth. This is the benefit of the new identity. The NPC only recognizes the identity but not the face...

But if you meet a player, you might be exposed.

This problem. www.uukanshu.net Wang Ling feels that it is necessary to be cautious.

After successfully walking out of the cell, the feeling of seeing the sun again made Wang Ling feel the beauty of freedom. All the sunshine and air were fictitious. But at this moment, there was an indescribable sense of reality in front of Wang Ling.

He enjoyed the blessings brought by the sun and rain. For the first time in the game, he felt Bai Qiao's soul communication with him as the game producer rather than as his sheath spirit.

This is probably a gamer. He wants to see a vision of the future...

But this journey is destined to be a long one.

Dreams always have to be had.

Maybe one day, domestic game masterpieces can really go global?

He was sighing in his heart. At this time, a Fuyun Town jailer came towards him. He bowed to him respectfully and explained the situation: "Prison leader, General Chen is looking for you! He said he has something important to discuss with you!"





Chapter 2116 How tacit understanding is there between Wang Ling and Sun Rong?


Latest URL: Sun Rong was pushed away by the heavy-armored monk who came to deliver the message. She felt unhappy in her heart, but she still held it back.

They are all guards. How can this seem like a sense of superiority?

At the same time, Sun Rong is also extremely cautious about the next task, because she knows very well that as the opening plot of the early game, judging from her character setting, it is definitely more beneficial to the future process to hide her gender.

And once she is exposed, it means that her identity is exposed. The ancient world of cultivation has always advocated the misunderstanding and bad habits of male superiority and female inferiority. In this drama full of male chauvinism, her identity will be exposed. Punching it will make it even harder to mix.

Especially in a remote place like Fuyun Town. This kind of cold place that is not very prosperous. This kind of discrimination becomes more and more serious.

She saw the joking smile under the heavy-armored monk's helmet. She felt less like a guard and more like a prisoner.

In his spare time, Sun Rong actually likes to play games. Not for anything else, but to have a better relationship with Chen Chao and Guo Hao.

These are the two buddies that Wang Ling has the best relationship with at Number 60 High School. So Sun Rong feels that the investment in interpersonal relationships in Chen Chao and Guo Hao is very worthwhile!

Therefore, no matter what games they play, Sun Rong can always find a topic to keep up with. Nowadays, she has played a lot of online games, stand-alone games, mobile games... with Guo Hao and Chen Chao. Now. You are all familiar with all major categories of games. Master them proficiently.

So in last year's corporate financial report of Huaguo Shui Lian Group, everyone was surprised to find that as a well-known pharmaceutical research and development group in the cultivation world, Huaguo Shui Lian Group has also begun to make plans in entertainment.

It has invested in many excellent studios. It has even unilaterally conducted special project evaluations and angel round capital injections for high-end game producers to assist in development.

The proposer is Sun Rong. The person who finally approved it was Boss Sun.

This is not because Sun Yiyuan dotes on Sun Rong. It's because he thinks Sun Rong's proposal makes sense.

As for the proposal... I understand everything. The reason must be very high-level. Otherwise, how can I convince other shareholders?

So Sun Rong directly wrote a paper {On the Impact of Expanding the Development of the Game Industry on the Future Strategic Layout of the Cultivation World}.

The total number of words in the paper is between 50,000 and 60,000. It lists the current status of the game industry, its future development, and in-depth analysis of its strategic significance from beginning to end.

In the report, Sun Rong emphasized the strategic significance. That is, once a holographic game is developed in the game industry and can be connected to the nerves of human monks, it may directly solve the problem of peaceful times. Next. The monks’ actual combat and close combat training issues. The entire strategic sandbox simulation can even be completed directly in the game.

In this way, the drill problems of the monks in peacetime will be greatly improved. And as long as the information security is in place, in the holographic game cabin, some modern combat deployments can be directly simulated physically in this way.

It can be said that the concept of this paper is a fantasy. It is even a bit funny in the eyes of many experts...

But the bosses won't care, because what they want is a concept. And it's best if it's controversial. It can also make most people understand the concept but not understand it.

The holographic game cabin is essentially similar to the concept of the Metaverse. No one knows whether it is possible. But now {Itinerant Immortal Ring} is out. This proves that it is really possible...

Sometimes technology advances, often just overnight.

...

Let's get back to the subject. On the way to see the prison boss. Sun Rong was not noticeable either.

She knew she couldn't just let it go. She had to find some way to disrupt the current rhythm of the game or at least ensure that she had a trump card.

But she is an ancient heavy-armored monk. She only has special bonuses when holding heavy weapons! Otherwise, she is just a human shield with thicker initial HP and slightly higher defense...

Wrong...

Who said that heavily armored monks must wear heavy weapons?

Sun Rong checked his [Inventory]: Ancient Silver Scale Armor (white), Ancient Silver Scale Helmet (white), Ancient Silver Scale Spear (white).

These three items are all blank equipment, and they bring a high load to her. The helmet and armor are okay. The load of this spear is 150 points! Wearing it on her body seriously affects her speed!

Sun Rong still wants a lighter weapon.

Moreover, the game itself has no restrictions on the choice of weapons across professions. It just loses the bonuses that come with the profession.

Who says mages can't wear heavy armor?

Who said that an immortal sword must have a gourd on the waist? A barefooted old man who smells of alcohol and smells bad?

So the next second, Sun Rong's idea became very clear. She decided to practice swordsmanship on her own.

Although she doesn't have any in-game channels to acquire sword skills, she knows about the channels outside the game! The developer of this game is Bai Qiao. Although she doesn't understand games, she understands Bai Qiao!

This is the sheath spirit in Wang Ling's hand!

And as an investor in the game, Sun Rong also has a very good relationship with Bai Qiao. I know that the spells, mental techniques, and skill settings in Sun Rong in {Itinerant Immortal's Magic Ring} all come from Heavenly Dao. Yes Adapted from existing stuff.

It is precisely because of this. At this moment, Sun Rong made his own inference in his heart.

Since the skills and mental skills are all designed based on Heavenly Dao, then the sword-related things...could they also be related to the Sword King Realm?

Although sword spirits are all born from chaos, swordsmanship still comes from the root system of Heavenly Dao!

While walking, Sun Rong, like Wang Ling, began to repeat what Wang Ling did in prison - trying to recite the swordsmanship formulas he knew silently!

However, her knowledge is very limited. She definitely doesn't know as much as Wang Ling. But after all, Sun Rong has the passive ability of "integration of man and sword" with Aohai. www.uukanshu.net maintains it in real life In the state of "human and sword unity", Aohai's learning is also of great benefit to herself.

The current Aohai has nine cores. His strength is extraordinary. He is already superior to most sword spirits in the Sword King Realm. His knowledge is extensive. He can be compared with extraordinary sword spirits.

Therefore, Sun Rong knows hundreds of millions more sword techniques than regular cultivators.

What surprised Sun Rong was that when she silently recited the third item, the relevant display about the skill appeared in the skill column.

"Skill name: [Sword Come Skill]."

"Level: God level."

"Explanation: The damage caused to you by all sword attacks will be reduced by 75%. You can acquire the skill of extracting any sword spirit and use it for your own use. When you are attacked by a sword weapon, the passive layer of this skill will be +1 . Every point of passive layer gained will be regarded as gaining a point of agility attribute. At the same time, your passive layer will also determine the number of spiritual swords you can control at the same time..."





Chapter 2117 The intersection of fate


Latest URL: In terms of opening methods, the choices of Wang Ling and Sun Rong are surprisingly consistent. Although this is inevitably suspected of cheating, both of them have clear minds. Everything they are doing now It's not just to play games. It's to be able to provide a considerable level of support to Mr. Hidden Fox when necessary.

To put it bluntly, if Wang Ming is the commander behind this wall-breaking incident, then Wang Ling and Sun Rong are the king bombs that Wang Ming has installed in the game and is ready to be activated at any time. Will cooperate when necessary Mr. Hidden Fox gives a real "wall-breaking blow".

However, the game world is too huge. The initial tasks cannot be skipped. Even if Wang Ling and Sun Rong enter the game, they can only gradually explore based on the existing tasks. Find the ones that overlap in the world line. opportunity.

Fuyun Town.

I don’t know why. Sun Rong always has an intuition. It feels like Wang Ling is by his side.

...

On the other side. On the way to the general's mansion by the jailer, Wang Ling vaguely felt as if someone was calling him.

It sounded like the voice and shadow of Sun Rong. He was stunned. He immediately released a spiritual signal...

But soon. Wang Ling came back to his senses.

He almost forgot. Spiritual perception is useless in the game world.

Only after meeting each other and adding each other as friends will you know each other's information.

The game IDs between players will not be displayed to each other. Although there are ten professions in the game, in addition to professions, there is also a setting for obtaining [new identities] through hidden tasks in the in-game comparison.

The label of the new identity will be ambiguous to a certain extent, making it impossible for players to judge whether this person is an NPC or a real player.

So after meeting, whether you can tell whether the other party is an NPC or a real player in reality can only be judged from the dialogue and various secret codes.

This is more friendly to Huaxiu players. In the inner stage alone, there are people who use secret codes to determine each other's identities.

"Palace Yuye Liquor?"

"One hundred and eighty cups!"

...

"Ask me how it goes?"

"Listen to me blowing for you!"

...

"Do you like this dish?"

"A great gathering of talents!"

...

However, this kind of identification method. Wang Ling cannot be shouted out. Although he is not unaware of these jokes, he really doesn't have the courage to shout it out in the game.

I was already afraid of society...

Where could one possibly make such a move that can be called a social cow?

So in this situation, he felt that he could only trust Sun Rong. He felt that Sun Rong could recognize him at a glance.

Under the leadership of the jailer, Wang Ling successfully arrived at the General's Mansion in Fuyun Town. This is the only building in Fuyun Town that looks relatively stylish. I don't know what the General's Mansion in the big city looks like. But The decoration of the General's Mansion in front of us is beyond the reach of an ordinary small town. In addition, the stone at the door... a dog?

eh...more impressive...,

That's right. It's not the huge stone lion that is placed in front of the noble's door in the TV series. It is two huge stone dogs. The prototype is Er Ha.

Wang LingUnexpectedly, Er Ha actually has an image implanted in {Itinerant Immortal Child Magic Ring}...

And the key is that there is not much sense of dissonance.

Wang Ling thinks of Lord Diu Lei's gifts for straight men. For example, on Wang Ling's birthday. Lord Diu Lei once proposed to give Wang Ling two huge Er Ha sculptures and a hotel. The one at the door is as big as the one at the door. It can be placed directly in front of the Wang family's villa to hold the house.

This proposal was directly rejected by Wang Ling.

There's no other reason. It's just that my mother was beaten...

And this is too high-profile. It is seriously inconsistent with the family tradition and motto that the Old Wang family has always advocated.

Standing at the door and looking at it for a while. Wang Ling went straight in. In the main hall of the General's Mansion, Wang Ling met the legendary General Chen.

"Hey, Wu Laotou! You're here!" Hearing the sound of footsteps, General Chen turned around. Wang Ling was stunned immediately.

Although this "General Chen" looks like he is in his thirties or forties from the outside. He also has a thick black beard. However, no matter how you look at the facial model Wang Ling, you can tell this at a glance. General Chen. It is definitely designed according to Chen Chao’s facial features!

In fact, this is also Chen Chao's own request. He and Guo Hao are also the first inside players of {Itinerant Immortal Ring}. After the inside is completed, all players have the opportunity to become NPCs in the game directly through facial image authorization. Of course, this also requires the consent of the player himself.

Chen Chao and Guo Hao. These two shameless, shameless guys...it's normal to accept this condition.

As for being assigned a role like a general, it was probably because of Chen Chao's familiarity with him.

In essence, Huaxiu is still a small human society.

"Wu Laotou, sit down quickly!"

General Chen invited him to sit down and ordered his subordinates to pour tea cups. It can be seen from the game plot that the relationship between this general and this Wu prison leader is extraordinary.

His face was rosy and he showed a lustful expression. He looked at Wang Ling furtively. He waited until his subordinates had finished serving tea and left. Then he said to Wang Ling: "I recently discovered something. An interesting thing. I discovered that there is actually a woman among my guards in Fuyun Town."

Wang Ling raised an eyebrow.

His face remained calm. In fact, he quickly thought of the story of Hua Mulan.

At this time, Wang Ling has not thought about the matter with Sun Rong. After all, the game map is too big. The probability that he and Sun Rong will appear in the same map at the same time is very low. And The probability that the plots can be connected is even lower... In other words, the female guard in this plot is not necessarily Sun Rong.

So Wang Ling didn’t think about that at all.www.uukanshu.net

Seeing General Chen's malicious look, he felt that he had already guessed the next development of the plot.

"What are you doing?"

"Hey. Didn't you tell your brother last time that you wanted to get a wife? You didn't get a wife yet, but you just showed up at your door? In the military camp, it is a taboo for a woman to disguise herself as a man and join the fight. This is a serious crime that needs to be punished on the spot. .I have already ordered my subordinates to invite people to the house in your name, brother."

General Chen laughed and said, "Brother, take a look. If you can see it, you can take her away directly. With a stroke of my pen, I will directly erase all her information. No one will notice that there is a problem. But If you don't like her, then this girl is mine."

As he talked, he finally showed his hidden fangs. He smiled without any scruples: "I have three wives and four concubines in my house. But I have never seen this type of girl. So... this time I called my brother here just to make my words clear. It’s not like I haven’t thought of you. But if you are picky, then there’s really nothing I can do about you.”





Chapter 2118 Wang Ling is just a child


The latest website: Wang Ling is very clear. The person in front of me is not Chen Chao. It is just an NPC modeled after Chen Chao's appearance. But I don't know why General Chen said to Wang Ling with a lewd expression. When it happened, this expression really deserved a beating.

He is in Chen Chao's face, but his behavior is completely different from Chen Chao's. Although Chen Chao occasionally behaves like a gentleman, he is always a gentleman behind his back.

Adolescent boys will more or less have some little secrets stored in their mobile phones.

Wang LingOf course there are.

As for what the secret is... eh... no one will know!

So what about in reality? People with almost the same appearance but completely different personalities do exist.

Wang Ling thought that when he saw Chen Chao's face, he would be able to make up his mind easily. He regarded General Chen as Chen Chao. But in fact, when he discovered that this so-called "General Chen" was completely different from Chen Chao After the character. Wang Ling felt at ease.

There was a voice telling him that this person was not the Chen Chao he knew...

Wang LingI heard that Bai Qiao compiled almost every villain in the Itinerant Immortal ring with real information. Many of these villains originated from real life.

As for the story information, it was provided by Warden Liang of Songhai City Number 1 Prison. The purpose is to educate, entertain and popularize the law in the game.

In other words, no matter how the next script goes, whether Wang Ling will get more or less benefits. Judging from Wang Ling's understanding of the direction of General Chen's story, it should not be much better. .

To be honest, Wang Ling is still indifferent to things between men and women. He is just a child...I don’t understand why so many people are obsessed with the beauty of others.

Seeing the reserved look of Wang Ling, General Chen also laughed loudly: "Old Wu! You are the same as before! You are still the same! You are a lot older. You don't even have a wife. Isn't it a shame? .My new concubine. One child and ten treasures. Good guy, it’s a lively scene in the backyard."

"..."

As a child, Wang Ling also didn’t understand. There is really such an operation as one child with ten babies.

For a moment, he felt a strong desire to complain, but he didn't know where to start.

At this moment, an untimely knock on the door suddenly sounded, breaking the silence in the main hall.

"Who! Don't you know I'm chatting with my brother Wu?" General Chen was furious. He stood up from his desk.

Wang Ling saw the shadow of the person outside the door retreating. First it shrank into a ball, and then gradually enlarged. As if mustering up courage, he said in a small voice: "General, it's time to drink medicine." .."

"Drink medicine?" Wang Ling looked at General Chen suspiciously.

"Ahem. This is why Brother Wu doesn't understand. Brother Wu doesn't have a nightlife, but that doesn't mean I don't have one." As he said that, he stood up and opened the door with a raised hand.

At this time, Wang Ling's eyes focused again. They were looking at the steaming bowl of soup and medicine brought by the subordinate.

A line of eye-catching game text description also caught Wang Ling's eyes.

There are a few big characters written on it [Nine Thousand Nine Hundred and Ninety-Nine Flavored Rehmannia Pills]

At this point, Wang Ling understood instantly and raised his eyebrows.

After all, the setting is for this age...

In addition, there are three wives and four concubines in the backyard. It is indeed difficult to take turns taking care of them.

Let alone taking care of seven. Sometimes when people reach middle age, it is quite difficult to take care of just one.

Wang Ling remembers that Father Wang and Mother Wang have been teaching him correctly how to use his abilities since he can remember. It is clear that Wang Ling can transform the spiritual roots of two people and turn them into serious people. And he is also a talented cultivator.

But Father Wang and Mother Wang still refused. They told him the importance of letting nature take its course...

The only time he made an exception was when he was promoted from elementary school to junior high school. Father Wang found him and asked him if he could use his invincible supernatural powers to find a way...

When I reach middle age, I also stay up late to catch up on manuscripts. Hair loss and lumbar muscle soreness often occur. At this time, if there is no supplement support, I am afraid that no one can survive.

Besides, Father Wang wasn't as popular as it is now...

Wang Ling is still a child. I don’t know what Father Wang’s specific needs are, so I made a big tonic pill for Father Wang.

As for Father Wang, he didn’t dare to eat them all...

He was afraid that he would ascend and evolve directly after eating it.

Just a light lick.

That night, there were frequent earthquakes in the Wang family's small villa.

Only little Wang Ling looked confused.

He's just a kid...

...

Back to the topic. Although Wang Ling, who has grown up now, is still a child, he is not ignorant of this aspect.

The school has physiology classes. In addition, there are a few very precocious friends in each class. After asking around, it all became clear.

"Every day, I live for this bowl!"

Picking up the medicine bowl, General Chen felt full of satisfaction just by smelling the decoction made from precious immortal herbs.

Nine thousand nine hundred and ninety-nine flavored rehmannia pills... The soup in this bowl is full of color when you bring it up to you. It can be seen that it contains the essence of countless precious herbs.

However, it is a pity that in the next second, two naughty children suddenly came out of the courtyard and passed directly across the courtyard. Although they were still young, they both had faces that were almost the same as Chen Chao.

Two children of seven or eight years old ran after each other. They accidentally broke into this place while laughing. Then one of them accidentally fell while running. A heavy blow with a heavy hammer and sparks directly hit General Chen's vital part.

No matter how powerful a general is, how can he withstand such a critical blow?

Snap!

In just a moment, the precious bowl of soup was shattered into pieces.

Seeing such a happy scene of a loving father and a filial son. Wang Ling was messy in the wind. It felt like I was watching a sitcom.

Then something he never expected happened.

General Chen's face began to darken. Even his cheeks sank rapidly at a speed visible to the naked eye.

"?"

Wang Ling stared at him with confusion on his face.

At this time, the NPC subordinate next to him sighed: "General, he has always been relying on this tonic... How can this be good..."

Wang Ling: "..."

He doesn't understand.

Isn't this just a matter of not having a meal... As for being malnourished and being squeezed into a mummy!

And judging from the current situation, this is not just going to be a mummy!

This is going to...die on the spot!

"Brother Wu..."

At this time, General Chen clenched his sleeve.

Wang Ling: "?"

General Chen: "My three wives and four concubines...and eighteen children...will be left to you..."

After saying that. www.uukanshu.net He died directly.

"..."

Wang Ling didn’t understand. But he was shocked.

He is still just a child!

Why should you help others take care of their wives and children?

Even if it’s the plot in the game, this is outrageous!

Then. There is no more...

Wang Ling saw a new system prompt popping up in front of him.

[System: You have obtained a new identity (General Chen of Fuyun Town)]

...





Chapter 2119 What should I do if I have more and more identities?


Latest website: Wang Ling I never expected that I would inherit a brand new identity [General Chen of Fuyun Town]. The abbreviation is: [General]...

He stared at the general's armor in front of him and lost in thought. Now he is both a general and a prison chief. This kind of start is dreamy enough and magical enough.

It was so magical that the old hole in Wang Ling's heart was stuck in his heart like a bath of blood and he couldn't let it go. He didn't know what to use to describe his mood at this moment. The ellipses flying in his heart could circle the earth several times. .

But what exactly is this [hidden mission]?

You won't really let him raise a child...

Wang Ling is panicking.

Although, the current Wang Ling is not inexperienced in raising babies. After all, Ah Nuan girl is still at home. When he is at home, he often takes his sister with him to change Ah Nuan girl's diapers and feed Ah Nuan girl. milk powder.

The little girl is very good at acting coquettishly. She obviously knows everything, but she can't walk when she sees Wang Ling. She likes to cling to him.

As for Wang Ling, I actually enjoy the feeling of being an older brother.

He always thought that he was a "monster" with no emotions. But it wasn't until he met Sun Rong, Chen Chao, Guo Hao... that he finally understood what a friend is.

Now, he has Ah Nuan girl again. Naturally, he understands the magical power brought by blood relationship. He confirms that he is not a monster without emotions. It is just because of the seal that most of his emotions are suppressed. state. This puts him in sage mode all the time.

It can be said that Ah Nuan girl is a special existence.

Because in Wang Nuan, Wang Ling can transcend Talisman's emotional limitations. I can truly feel my love for Wang Nuan on a blood level.

Just for now...

These eighteen babies are still too many...

I was stunned. The system prompt came again.

[System: You have received the limited time task]

[Within 3 days of game time, eighteen children were successfully taught spells of level 3 or above. Additional hidden task rewards will be obtained]

"A limited time mission..."

Wang Ling took a look at the task. It seemed that the task was not difficult at all.

He felt helpless. "With tears", he picked up all the relics of General Chen in Fuyun Town. General Chen's body also disappeared with it.

In addition to the dropped two pieces of more advanced equipment, the Fuyun Town General Chen's Tiger Helmet (green) and the Fuyun Town General Chen's Tiger Head Armor (blue). Wang Ling also found a piece of equipment from General Chen's relics. A General Huwei mask (purple) that can cover the entire face.

He is indeed a general-level figure. He actually drops purple equipment directly...

Wang Ling was stunned.

He put all the relics of General Chen into the inventory. He did not directly change into the general uniform. Instead, he put on the mask of General Huwei in addition to the blank equipment of the prison head.

This piece of purple equipment directly brings an extra 50 points of strength and defense attributes to Wang Ling.

In addition, the blood volume has also been increased by 500 points on this basis.

At this time, the total health bar of Wang Ling has reached 1500.

This is an ordinary start for novice players. A height that is difficult to reach...

He has no interest in three wives and four concubines. He is a little interested in raising children...but he doesn't have much confidence in raising eighteen children. Wang Ling.

But Wang Ling is still very curious. If he completes the task, what kind of reward will the system arrange for himself.

You say that curiosity killed the cat. Wang Ling has actually suffered many losses in being a curious baby. But there is no way...Humans are originally creatures that are keen on exploration.

What's more, the current identity of [General] has already given Wang Ling a perfect start.

In addition to the entire remote General's Mansion in Fuyun Town, it also means that Wang Ling controls the military power of the entire Fuyun Town. Although the overall quality of the soldiers in Fuyun Town is not high when looking at the entire game world, as long as there are He is training these soldiers into a tiger and wolf division. It shouldn't be difficult.

So when I thought of this, Wang Ling was relieved. These eighteen children were just doing exercises before being trained as soldiers.

Wearing the mask of General Hu Might, Wang Ling looked at the follower beside him.

The system displays the name of this NPC: Liu Jun.

"Liu Jun. Bring the children."

"Back to the general. Apart from the seventeenth and eighteenth young masters just now, only the twelfth young master is in the house at the moment."

Are there only three people at home...

Wang Ling was silent for a moment. Then he quickly understood.

After all, these are the children of generals. They have lived a privileged life since they were young. They live in a wealthy environment and live a free and carefree life. Their love of playing must have been a habit for a long time.

Wang LingI don’t know what the basic cultivation talents of these 18 children are. But after all, this is just a game. It is not a real person. Their cultivation talents are all set by the system.

What Wang Ling wants to complete is a hidden mission. That means teaching these 18 children third-level spells. There is definitely still a certain degree of difficulty.

So no matter how many people are at home at the moment, Wang Ling plans to first see how talented the children in this general's mansion are.

He observed Seventeen and Eighteen who were standing in the yard. Then he chose to click on their attribute panels. The pale attributes really surprised Wang Ling.

With such attribute values, it can almost be said that there is no cultivation talent at all.

Wang LingI don’t know what the situation is like with other children. But if they are all in the same situation as these two, then it can be said that this general’s mansion is completely extinct.

But there's no harm in cultivating talented people. After all, he's still here. With a little training, there should be a bright future.

"Bring Twelve."Wang Ling took a deep breath and said to Liu Jun beside him without saying a word.

After saying that, Liu Jun shouted at the top of his lungs. A bald man as strong as a mountain ran out from the backyard.

The floor tiles under his feet shook and loosened as he ran. They floated upward slightly, and then fell back to the ground again.

There is no doubt that this is a heavyweight figure. Wang Ling originally thought that this was an entourage from some general's palace.

When he saw Liu Jun standing in front of him respectfully, he bowed deeply and said, "Go back to the general. The twelfth son has been brought here."

At this point. www.uukanshu.net Wang Ling took a breath of air.

He doesn't understand.

Why are Seventeen and Eighteen just kids...but this Twelve Young Master is actually so big.

"How old?" Wang Ling asked casually.

"Eight years old." Liu Jun replied respectfully.

"..."

What the hell is this eight years old?!

Wang Ling’s mouth twitches

"General, have you forgotten? The Twelve Young Master is suffering from a serious illness. He developed prematurely. He is born with an aging constitution. That's why he behaves like an adult."

After Liu Jun finished speaking, he sighed: "General, your memory is too bad."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 2120 This Novice Village boss is so strong


Latest URL: What is it like to have a baby in the gaming world? Wang Ling had never experienced it before.

Because of his sister Wang Nuan, Wang Ling is not too disgusted with raising children. In addition, Wang Muyu sticks to him all day long. Wang Ling just thinks of it as having an extra brother.

However, it is okay to play with one or two children. If there are eighteen children, it will be enough to cause a headache.

Wang Ling finally discovered it. He discovered that Bai Qiao's game actually had development elements.

Isn't training these eighteen children in the General's Mansion just a nurturing game?

It's just that these eighteen children now have different talents. There is also an eight-year-old who looks like a forty-eight-year-old.

God knows what kind of strange species will appear in the future?

Wang Ling sighed deeply in his heart. He felt the difficulty of this hidden task.

There is no way. Now we can only take one step at a time...

"Liu Jun." Under the mask of General Huwei, Wang Ling made a deep voice. Because of the mask, Wang Ling found that his voice had also changed. It was a particularly mature voice. It was completely different from his original voice. The childish feeling of a young man.

He called Liu Jun and ordered him to bring back all the fifteen children remaining outside.

"Here." Liu Jun bowed his hands and said respectfully. He didn't dare to disobey in the slightest.

Speaking of which, Wang Ling rarely speaks to others in a commanding tone. The experience of this identity is certainly a different feeling. But for Wang Ling, there is still a slight feeling of discomfort.

He is a well-known social phobic. He originally spoke very little. Now he is asked to play a role to scare others. It is inevitable that he is not used to it.

So Wang Ling feels that he does not have the talent to be an actor because he was born with facial paralysis. In an age where acting is becoming more and more important, just having a good-looking face is useless.

And just having a good-looking face and good acting skills is not enough. If you are an idol actor and have emotional flaws, that is not enough.

Even if there are no emotional flaws. When everything is perfect, it is useless not to pay taxes.

Looking at Liu Jun's retreating back, Wang Ling couldn't help but sigh. There are people from all walks of life these days, and their works have collapsed one after another. Only his paralyzed face and his undying love for crispy noodles stand out. ..

After a preliminary inspection of the talents of the three children in the General's Mansion, Wang Ling decided to customize a tailor-made exercise for these 18 children.

It has to be a one-time thing for everyone here.

This is a method that can consolidate one's spiritual roots. Children with high talents can solidify their own foundation after learning. Children with insufficient talents, or in other words, no talents, can reach normal average levels after learning.

Such a skill simply does not exist in the eyes of outsiders. However, Wang Ling's spell reserve is so huge that it is far beyond the reach of anyone in the world.

Finding the information you want among limited books is certainly not an easy task.

But in the huge Heavenly Dao method library, it is very simple to find a method you want. What's more, Wang Ling is also a Heavenly Dao whitelist user, so it naturally has the ability to automatically search.

...

On the other side, under the leadership of the guards, Sun Rong finally arrived at the rumored General's Mansion in Fuyun Town.

At this moment, the girl had no idea that the general of General Welfare had been replaced by Wang Ling.

She felt uneasy in her heart. Even though she had learned the sword technique, she still felt a little worried when facing an unknown enemy.

Sun Rong is very clear about the purpose of entering the game with Wang Ling. It is just to expand the power of Mr. Hidden Fox and facilitate future layout.

But now she has not even left the Novice Village. Fuyun Town is a Novice Village.

Time in the game always flies by so fast. Sun Rong doesn’t even know how long it has taken since she entered the game. She feels like an endless amount of time has passed.

Bai Qiao's game environment is too real. It gives people a real sense of being on the same place. It seems that everything is real. The environment, smell, light, and even the soundscape are all extremely realistic simulations.

This has to make Sun Rong sincerely admire Bai Qiao. And the contributions of Wang Ming and Shou Chong, the think tanks behind Bai Qiao.

"Aren't you going to see the cell leader? Why did you come to the general?" Sun Rong asked in front of the general's mansion.

"The cell leader is the general. The general is the cell leader!" What surprised Sun Rong was that the guard immediately snorted and replied to her.

The guard is also one of the PCs in the game. For the settings involved in the game script, the game system will modify the settings in real time according to the plot development to achieve a more realistic effect.

NPC with dual identities?

Sun Rong was a little surprised. I didn't expect that the first novice mission boss I might face in this small novice village would already be so fierce. He also has a dual identity and is so powerful.

Her heart was beating fast. She followed the guard in front of her and walked in slowly, dragging her heavy armor.

This general's uniform is very majestic and vast. It is almost the most luxurious building in the entire Fuyun Town. Just from the first look at Sun Rong, you can tell that this Fuyun Town general must be a wealthy gentleman.

Only if you are also a wealthy gentry, you will have a certain sensitivity to the same type of people. Sun Rong grew up in a wealthy family, and more or less has the ability to identify antiquities. Judging from the patterns on the carved beams and painted buildings of the General's Mansion, she I already know it in my heart.

Then very quickly, she was brought into the courtyard, and the first thing she saw in the courtyard was a man wearing a mask of General Huwei who was teaching his sons.

A total of eighteen children, almost all of different sizes and ages. Six of them were neatly arranged in three rows, forming a matrix. They were directly exposed to the sun to practice standing postures.

This scene gave Sun Rong an extremely familiar feeling. She didn’t know why. She felt like this was military training...

She stared at the "Fuyun Town General" who was training her sons in front of her with a slightly absent-minded gaze. www.uukanshu.netSun Rong did not dare to speak at all. She just felt that this general was also the prison chief. It seemed that he was not as good as she imagined. Scary. And it feels very familiar.

And it even gave her an illusion.

I thought it was the man I was familiar with.

But at this moment, listening to the majestic voice of the Fuyun Town general, Sun Rong quickly woke up.

The game world is so big. How could she meet Wang Ling in Novice Village?

While he was smiling bitterly in his heart, Sun Rong suddenly found that the general's eyes met his own through the mask. But it was only for a moment. The cold and majestic Fuyun Town general removed his eyes. sight.

Wang Ling didn't expect that because the mask changed his voice, Sun Rong didn't recognize him at first glance.

But he recognized her...





Chapter 2121 Mr. Zanghu’s choice


Latest URL: Sun Rong was completely afraid to speak. Although she felt a familiar feeling from the Fuyun Town General Chen in front of her. On the other hand, she was also waiting for this "General Chen" to take the initiative to talk to her. .Thus triggering the subsequent mission plot.

However, it turns out that Sun Rong thinks too much...Wang Ling. There are only a few lines in the whole book. Therefore, it is not likely that the number of words will increase directly in the game.

Wang Ling. Although he arranged the eighteen children in the general's mansion into a square formation, he was thinking of ways to let the children learn basic swordsmanship. But the arrival of Sun Rong made him feel for a moment At a loss.

Mainly because he didn't expect that he would meet Sun Rong directly on the first map that could be called the Novice Village.

The map in the Itinerant Immortal world is too huge. There are thousands of map points in small towns. As a result, he and Sun Rong happened to be allocated in the same place.

So after recognizing Sun Rong, under the mask of General Huwei, the corner of Wang Ling's mouth couldn't help but twitch. I thought of Wang Ming giving him a bad smile when he first entered the game. Not sharing at all. Any information about Sun Rong...he could basically conclude that this wave was deliberately arranged by Wang Ming. Otherwise, there would be no such coincidence.

The picture returns to the real world.

Wang Ming, Zhai Yin, and Shou Chong are monitoring everything happening in the game at the base.

"Did you do it on purpose?" Zhai Yin asked curiously.

"No." Wang Ming spread his hands helplessly.

"Liar..."

"Really not!"

"Make it up...just make it up. I don't believe it..."

He dared to swear on his personality and his future happiness. This time it was really a coincidence. He did not do it intentionally.

In fact, when he entered the game before, Wang Ming really thought about whether to share the location directly. Let Wang Ling and Sun Rong reunite quickly. As a result, when he saw that the two coordinates fell directly at the same place, .I couldn’t help but wipe my eyes immediately.

Wang Ming subconsciously felt that he had seen it wrong...

There are too many maps in the Itinerant Immortal magic circle. The probability of two players who know each other landing in the same novice village is one in 100,000...

But this is the probability. Wang Ling and Sun Rong can actually meet.

To be honest, when it comes to assists or not, Wang Ming also has his own thinking and understanding. He is not that old. He is only a few years older than Wang Ling. Compared with Zhuo Yi's fancy assists . He actually understands Wang Ling better and will consider it from the perspective of Wang Ling.

Assists in moderation are okay.

But the effect of excessive assists is likely to have negative effects...just like some young people today who are constantly being urged to get married. Young people have their own ideas. They like to make their own decisions. They don't like to let their elders do it. Pointing fingers.

Besides, this is still the world of cultivation. A monk’s cultivation determines his longevity. The age span is very long...like Lord Diu Lei. He has practiced Taoism for more than two thousand years and is still a bachelor. Can you say that this is a big deal? Doesn’t the leader of the sect have no ambition? He can’t...

Because his cultivation is here, he has strength and looks. The choice lies with Lord Diu Lei himself. He can find it whenever he wants. No one can rush him.

So this time, Wang Ming did not specially arrange this matter.

Moreover, the action of the Wall Breaker is a big deal. It is also the key to allowing those monks in Huaxiu abroad who are blinded by the wall of spiritual consciousness to see the reality clearly. The result is unimaginable. But this time he did not take any action. Wang Ling and Sun Rong actually appeared on a map instead.

Wang Ming knows. Even if he jumped into the Yellow River, he wouldn't be able to clear up the matter. There are always thousands of mouths trying to explain it, but he can't explain it clearly. Even his wife doesn't believe him. It's simply too outrageous...

...

The focus returned to the game. This time Wang Ming surrendered his surveillance gaze to the world of Mr. Zanghu who was on another map in the game.

There are no surprises at all. The profession chosen by Mr. Zanghu is [Reborn]. A profession with a balance of strength and intelligence. It also comes with a fragment of the world map at the beginning.

In the Itinerant Immortal magic circle, all spirit beast settings and world view settings refer to the real world. That is to say, all the spirit beasts and various spiritual plants that appear in the game. Their living habits and growth habits are consistent with reality. There are almost no big differences.

In other words, with Mr. Zanghu's knowledge base, even in the game world of Itinerant Immortal, his tricks are completely useful.

The equipment at the start of Wang Ling, Sun Rong is slightly different. Mr. Zanghu checked his belongings. He found that in addition to coarse cloth clothes (white) and coarse cloth pants (white), there were more in the inventory. Got a storage bag (green).

There is nothing in the storage bag. It is a one-time use. When opened, it will automatically expand an additional 500 spaces on top of the basic 500-space backpack.

This also means that the reborn person can carry more things in the initial stage than other professions.

After checking his blood volume and hunger status, Mr. Zanghu felt slightly relieved after everything was normal.

He rarely plays games. But he more or less played them with a few idiot roommates when he was in college. It’s just that the games back then were far less realistic than they are now. That’s Tu Yile.

In today's world, games have also become a way for young people to communicate. Who doesn't know a few netizens who don't know each other in real life, but in the game world, they can drink and talk to each other and talk to each other...

alright.

Finished with emotion.

The next step for Mr. Hidden Fox is to put on the clothes in his inventory. Although they are two blank outfits, this game is immersive after all. Even if he looks like a Tibetan Fox. It's not very civilized to be naked.

However, just when Mr. Zanghu was about to put on his clothes, he found that the equipment he was given could not be worn.

In front of me, system error prompts appeared frequently.

[System: Please do not wear equipment of different races on yourself]

...

Mr. Zanghu didn't expect that he entered the game world. www.uukanshu.net was actually despised by the game world...

The corner of his mouth twitched. He almost couldn't resist the urge and cursed his mother directly.

However, as a high-quality Tibetan fox in the human world, he decided to endure it and use his profound knowledge to create a perfect start.

After lighting up the map fragments, a resource-rich area on the map was completely illuminated. And it was not far from the location of his Novice Village.

But you have to go from here to that map to find resources. Walking with just two feet is too slow. You have to have the travel expenses to take a vehicle.

Mr. Zanghu looked at the initial money he carried. There were 500 copper coins in total. It was simply not enough.

He thought about it carefully.

Then I found a pawn shop in the novice village where I was born. I pawned two blank outfits that I couldn't wear. I scraped together a piece of silver...





Chapter 2122 Knowledge changes destiny


The latest website: The start of a piece of silver. It is still very chilling. In contrast, Wang Ling has completed two hidden tasks in succession at the beginning. Not to mention gaining two new identities. Even the General's Mansion and Fuyun Town The military power was controlled by one hand.

Zanghu only knows that Wang Ming has arranged for two mysterious people to help him at a critical moment. But he does not know the true identities of these two people. At the moment, he can only rely on himself to start the game world.

It is never easy to save up a small goal in a completely unfamiliar environment in a short period of time. Let alone a game world. Even in real life, it is very difficult.

Except for the factor of luck, without connections and starting capital, everything else is empty talk. Mr. Zanghu has a particularly clear mind. Now all he can rely on is his huge knowledge reserve.

Fortunately, the game world of {Itinerant Immortal} is strictly based on the real world of cultivation. Here, Mr. Zanghu feels that he has a lot to do.

One ingot of silver. It's enough for the travel expenses. But it's still a bit awkward to come back.

According to Mr. Zanghu's plan, he will use the travel expenses to go to the resource area that was lit up. Then he will refine the elixir through his own ear knowledge in the resource area. Finally, he will sell it to these towns for distribution.

But the starting capital at the beginning is far from enough. Although he can walk along the way back, but without a hired convoy to escort him, he will inevitably encounter danger on his own.

After thinking about it again and again, Mr. Zanghu glanced at the pawnshop owner in front of him and took the initiative to ask: "Excuse me, are you still hiring people here?"

Yes. There is a part-time job mechanism in {Itinerant Immortal Art Ring}. When there is insufficient money, players can exchange for part-time job opportunities by asking the store NPC in the map. The construction period will not be long. And in a short time Can get high salary.

But relatively speaking, the conditions for successfully triggering a part-time job task are also very demanding. In addition to players asking independently, the store will also issue corresponding initial tasks. Only after completing the tasks can you get the opportunity.

The pawnshop owner glanced at Mr. Zanghu. Maybe he had never seen such a weird-looking guy. The owner pushed up his glasses and said immediately: "You have pawned your clothes and trousers. So you are not a spiritual beast from another family?"

"I am a human being." Mr. Zanghu said with a smile on his face.

He's used to it.

I don't mind at all when outsiders make fun of my appearance.

On the other hand, Mr. Zanghu also knows that the conditions of this game are harsher and more complicated than he imagined.

He has a job seeker mentality now. Naturally, it is impossible for him to fall out in person.

On the way to the Karma Base, Mr. Zanghu spent a short time looking at the introductory guide to the game. Even every dialogue and choice in this game requires caution.

"You guys are interesting." The fat pawnshop owner laughed. Then he turned around and took a bracelet from his counter and handed it to Mr. Zanghu.

At the same time, the system also gave Mr. Zanghu two options.

[① There are multiple-choice answers (choose one answer from four. If the answer is correct, the part-time job task will be successfully started. The task reward will depend on the specific tasks completed after the part-time job is started)]

[②None-option answer (no-option answer. You need to answer based on your own knowledge reserve. If you answer correctly, you will not only successfully receive the part-time task, but also get double the part-time reward. And you will also get hidden rewards)]

Mr. Zanghu only glanced at it and chose ② without hesitation. He believed that with his own knowledge reserve, he could successfully complete this task.

He glanced at the bracelet handed over by the boss. He looked at it carefully for a while, and then quickly gave his appraisal result.

"A glass bracelet from the modern era. Judging from the specifications and format, it is an old item inherited from a large sect in the modern era. The green dragon, white tiger, red bird, and Xuanwu on it reminded me of a brand that was very famous in modern times and then gradually declined. Sword sect."

Mr. Zanghu said with a confident smile. Sure enough, everything was as he thought. Many objects in the game are derived from data in the real world.

Like this bracelet. He had been lucky enough to see it once in the Cultivation Museum. Therefore, he had a very clear idea of the origin of this bracelet.

He spoke eloquently, and it was almost exactly the same as the historical data recorded in reality: "As far as I know, the full name of this large sect is Wuji Sword Sect. This sword sect was founded by the sword immortal Fan Rui, and later evolved into the Four Symbols. Such a famous branch. But it is a pity that this sword sect is now in decline."

He didn't say any more because he wasn't sure whether the person he mentioned later was a plus or a minus. Although he knew more, he also knew that too much talk could lead to more mistakes.

You must also learn to stop talking. Otherwise, you will be suspected of showing off.

"Exactly!" Obviously, the pawnshop owner was also horrified. He had no idea that the unattractive human-shaped Tibetan fox in front of him could actually tell the truth about the treasure in his pawnshop.

Almost instantly, Mr. Zanghu received the system prompt of [You have successfully started the part-time job] simultaneously. And he also received a hidden reward for the no-option answer.

Huanglong Town pawnshop clerk's scarf (blue), Huanglong Town pawnshop clerk's clothing set (blue).

Two pieces of blue equipment surprised Mr. Zanghu. But soon a basin of cold water was poured on him.

Because just when he was about to put the equipment on his body, the system error message appeared again.

[System: Please do not wear equipment of different races on yourself]

"..."

Isn’t this bullying an honest person?

The corner of Mr. Zanghu's mouth twitched. He looked at the two pieces of equipment that he couldn't wear. He was secretly worried in his heart.

I can only find an opportunity to pawn these two things.

As for now, it is more important to work honestly.

The entire job task is like this. On the day of the job, he needs to complete the identification of ten items. If he successfully identifies an item, he will automatically receive an ingot of silver. Finally, additional bonuses will be calculated based on the accuracy of the task.

If he had answered with options just now, then the number of items identified would be only five. And if the identification is successful, he can only get 500 copper coins. There is no additional bonus.

This difference is quite big.

So below. His journey to work officially begins...

...

On the other side. Although Wang Ling has obtained the entire General's Mansion in Fuyun Town, in this current situation, He Zeng is not working...

In essence, there is no difference from being a worker.

And teaching disciples this kind of thing. Wang Ling has always felt very tiring. Zhuo Yi can save myself some worry. But when I meet someone who has no talent, sometimes I really feel helpless.

This also makes Wang Ling understand why some teachers in the school often get annoyed with some students who really cannot teach them...

A while ago Wang Ling also saw some videos of parents helping their children with their homework. www.uukanshu.net showed a mental breakdown.

"General, people have been brought here? Aren't you curious. Is the person under this armor a man or a woman? If it is as the rumors say, this is a violation of military regulations and requires the death penalty!" At this time, see Sun Rong and Wang Ling did not talk to each other for a long time. The guard who brought Sun Rong over there stood up at this time.

He is here to advance the plot.

Under the mask, Wang Ling silently rolled his eyes. Then he waved his hand at the guard and shouted: "You, get out."

He already knew that the one in the armor was Sun Rong.

So it doesn't matter at all.

The guard was frustrated. He scratched his head and left angrily.

But at this time, Sun Rong took the initiative to stand up and said: "Well, General... I see that you have been training the children for a long time, but it seems to have no effect. Do you want me to try instead?"





Chapter 2123 As if seeing the future


Latest website: In fact, there have been many times. Wang Ling felt that Sun Rong was really a very patient girl. In the past, he thought Sun Rong would only put on a mask in front of him and restrain himself. It is as perfect as everyone imagined. There is no difference in the perfection.

But now, this on-site teaching to the eighteen children of the General's Mansion has made Wang Ling completely abandon that old concept. Because now Sun Rong has no idea of his true identity. But he still Be patient and carry out your teaching work.

Previously Wang Ling had tried to find an intermediate talent among this group of children. Then they matched the appropriate third-level spells and then taught them. It turned out that Sun Rong's teaching method was smarter than his own.

She did not directly teach the Heart Sutra, spells, swordsmanship, knife skills or anything like that. Instead, she started from the basics. She taught... functions.

Strictly speaking, time is just a small subject in functions. It is the study of the landing point of a parabola.

It must be understood that in the world of cultivation, throwing hidden weapons or flying spells requires precision in throwing. If you can't hit the target if you have the ability, it will be in vain.

Therefore, parabola in functions is also classified as a basic discipline. It is also called {parabola}.

And according to the theoretical system of modern education, this course can be upgraded. Unlike other fixed-level spells, the disciplines are different. The level can be upgraded based on the throwing accuracy of {Parabolism}. The highest level is three.

It wasn't until he saw Sun Rong teaching by words and deeds Wang Ling that he realized the limitations of his thinking model... He only thought about taking the high-level route. But he missed this basic course.

Even though he has thousands of spells, they are all based on Heavenly Dao after all. Even if he is sure to teach these eighteen children, it will definitely take a long time.

The key point is that these children in the General's Mansion have become accustomed to being unruly. Although they appear to be well-behaved on the surface, they are somewhat resistant in their hearts. This will lead to intentional failure to learn.

That is to say, even if you understand it and know that you can do it, you are not willing to learn it.

But {Parabolism} is different. Throwing classes don’t have to be rigid. They are usually very interesting. For this group of naughty children, it is just the right course for them.

{Projection} From the first level to the third level, the fundamental thing is accuracy. For this group of naughty children, they have certain throwing skills. Because they usually have a lot of things to take when they lose their temper or get into fights. Hit people.

Originally, it was impossible for them to obey the orders of a guard. But now Wang Ling, the "old father" who is a general, has acquiesced to the guard teaching here. In addition, they are deeply tired of standing in a military posture. I just want to move around.

Now I heard the lesson taught by this guard. It was the "hidden weapon throwing" that they were familiar with. Suddenly, everyone's expressions lit up.

Wang Ling asked his subordinates to bring sandbags from the house. And the basic teaching of Wang Ling started with these sandbags.

Eighteen children, one older and one younger, were divided into nine groups. Just like that, the sandbag throwing battle with the entire General Mansion as the map officially began.

For children, this isn't training at all. It's just a game.

Everyone had a great time playing.

...

Mr. Zanghu's part-time job ended quickly and smoothly. Ten items were appraised, and none of them were travel expenses. Including bonuses, he received a total of 20 ingots of silver. With so much money at his side, not only was there ample travel expenses, but also You can also grab a nice portable meal on the way there.

He came to the inn in the town, bought ten beef bladders and six gourds of jade spirit dew, and equipped them directly on his body. These things were enough to allow him to resist hunger for a long time and restore his blood volume and fatigue.

Directly emptied the innkeeper's reserve for the day.

Total consumption. 1 ingot of silver.

In the Itinerant Immortal infantry ring, the smaller the food, the more expensive it is. But on the map in front of you, beef bladders and jade spirit dew are already the best choices.

The items sold in each major map are based on the technological level of the region. In the Itinerant Immortal magic ring, the level of the regions varies.

After all, there is a relatively futuristic place like Mechanical City.

You can no longer find products of the old era such as inns in such places. Instead, there are various 24-hour convenience stores. What they sell there are smaller but more expensive bento boxes, etc.

Hunger was solved. What was left was the cold problem. Mr. Zanghu calculated the time. If he hired a convoy to go to the illuminated resource map from now on, it would probably be midnight. If there is not enough food by then, Keep warm. He could easily starve to death in such a naked state.

So in desperation, Mr. Zanghu had to spend four more coins. He went to the spirit beast shop and bought a set of equipment for spirit beasts to wear on his body.

Universal spirit animal scarf (green), universal spirit animal soft armor (green), universal spirit animal boots (white)

Four ingots of silver. In exchange for two pieces of green equipment and one piece of white equipment. The average price is twice as expensive as the equipment of a human monk.

Mr. Zanghu felt that it was not very cost-effective. But for the sake of subsequent tasks, he had to endure it...

As far as he knows, pet products are all IQ taxed. In fact, their functions are not that great. Just like some pet-specific shower gels and shampoos... In fact, there is no need at all. There is no problem at all in replacing them for human use.

He spent five ingots of silver to solve the problem of food and clothing. Mr. Zanghu found the convoy in Huanglong Town again. He made a follow-up map for himself. He will not come to Huanglong Town again. After the resources are collected, he must find a larger one. cities sell their products.

But now the map is almost completely dark. Except for Huanglong Town and the resource area where he was lit up, Mr. Hidden Fox really doesn’t have much idea of where to go.

Blind boxes can only be opened in surrounding areas close to the resource area. www.uukanshu.net

Because according to common sense, cities closer to resource areas will be more developed. At the same time, he also paid attention to whether the next city he selected had waterways.

If there is a place like a port, it can also explain the strength of this place in a sense.

After the final discussion, the task of the convoy includes safely delivering Mr. Zanghu to the resource area. Then camp in the resource area for one day. After one day, it will set off to send Mr. Zanghu to a new city. If the camp time exceeds. Each day needs Add two more ingots of silver. If it exceeds two days, the convoy will automatically return to Huanglong Town and will no longer perform subsequent escort missions.

Therefore, including the negotiated starting price of six ingots of silver, plus the deposit, Mr. Zanghu needs to spend a total of 10 ingots of silver.

In the end, he only had six pieces of silver left.

And he needs to use the remaining six ingots of silver and the resources in the resource area to raise at least one million silver taels in a short period of time!





Chapter 2124 Working Soldier


If you want to get rich, you must first plant trees. Everyone knows this truth. Mr. Zanghu is no exception. But what he wants to plant is not just trees, but spiritual plants that can be used in the feature resource area. The principle is similar.

The resource area is very large. Some rare spiritual plants grow on cliffs. It is very difficult to pick them. If you are not careful, you may be in danger of returning to Novice Village and starting all over again.

Therefore, Mr. Zanghu's goal is very clear. He will not consider rare spiritual plants from the beginning. Picking them is difficult and time-consuming. The convoy responsible for escorting him will only stay in the camp where they are stationed for a maximum of three days. Therefore, all actions must be done with a stopwatch in mind. to estimate.

In addition, in terms of security issues, it is safest to move within five kilometers of the camp area.

As for the location of the camp, it was decided by Mr. Zanghu. This is equivalent to giving Mr. Zanghu a ready opportunity.

After entering the jungle landscape, he immediately analyzed the entire map based on the existing cultivation knowledge he had. Even though the spiritual plants he wanted to collect were not as rare as those on the cliffs, based on the growth habits of the spiritual plants, he analyzed where they might be able to dig. It is still very helpful to get spiritual plants with relatively high levels.

"Right here." Soon, Mr. Zanghu determined his target. He stared at a triangular area on the map and said to the captain of the convoy in front of him.

The rainfall here is very high. Because of the mountain fog, the entire environment is extremely humid. As a result, many fungi grow.

"Okay, boss." The team captain nodded. He is a strong bald man, but his voice is not as rough as his body. There is a kind of cuteness in contrast. He looks like he can talk easily.

The bald captain was also a little surprised by Mr. Zanghu's choice: "But boss, are you sure you choose this place? There are many mushrooms growing here. There are many types. Normal monks can't distinguish them."

This unexpected additional dialogue is a kind reminder deliberately arranged by Bai Qiao for players. This prompt was not available during the previous closed beta.

The player directly selected this area and ate poisonous mushrooms just after entering. The Lilliputian country lingered in front of his eyes and he died suddenly...

Fungi and plants in the world of cultivation are the most difficult to distinguish clearly, because some fungi are very similar in appearance. However, it is also easy for people to misjudge them. Only by mastering all the details can you ensure that you will not eat them by mistake.

The most common way to distinguish them is that the brighter the colors, the more toxic the fungi are. But in fact, there are also brightly colored fungi that are completely non-toxic.

As a walking encyclopedia, Mr. Zanghu is very confident in his knowledge reserve... and in the real world, he himself is not afraid of mushroom toxins. This is closely related to the skills he practices.

But it was precisely because of his skills that he turned into the appearance of this Tibetan fox... I can only say that he understood the principle that good and bad fortunes depend on each other earlier than most people.

But Mr. Zanghu also knows very well. This is a game...

When his abilities in the real world are transferred to the game world, he has no special advantages.

This was forcibly cut and belongs to...

After sighing in his heart, Mr. Zanghu officially set off with the convoy he hired. He began his journey as a working warrior in the game world...

...

Line of sight returns Wang Ling and Sun Rong.

Mr. Zanghu is working part-time. Although Wang Ling and Sun Rong seem to have a more comfortable life here than Mr. Zanghu. But training with children is not a part-time job?

I have to say that Sun Rong's educational and entertaining approach is very successful. This approach may not necessarily be useful for all children. In the final analysis, it is still about taking the right medicine and controlling the method.

It started with sandbag throwing. Out of dissatisfaction with the number of sandbags, these children in the General Mansion began to spontaneously learn to throw psychic balls. This was used to solve the problem of insufficient ammunition when throwing each other.

This is a basic spell in which spiritual power is gathered into the palms of the hands and rolled into balls. The principle is similar to the Sword Master's unique skill {Palm Sword}.

This group of children learn very quickly once they are interested. And as long as one person learns it, he will definitely share it with his teammates.

Wang Ling Now I understand Sun Rong's purpose of letting the older child take care of the younger child in the first place.

One big and one small. Divided into nine groups. One group of two people. It seems like the big one leads the small ones. In fact, it is a precise distribution of talents. She deliberately let those children with high understanding to lead those with low understanding. Then one group As long as one person knows how to do it, he will definitely help his teammates in order to win.

It is unimaginable. In less than two hours, these children have grown extremely rapidly. This basic parabolic art has grown to the third level at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Soon. Wang Ling completed the third hidden mission.

[System: You have completed the time-limited task]

[Within 3 days of game time, 18 children successfully learned spells of level 3 or above. And obtained the hidden reward: General's Order]

General's order?

Wang Ling opens the detailed introduction of the inventory.

[General's Order: You will receive the following rights after receiving this order]

[①: Has the ability to inspect military strength. A box for the number of soldiers has been added to your system map. You can check the military strength on the map where the general's mansion is located.]

[②: Has the right to launch expeditions. Can launch attacks against cultivation countries of different camps that are hostile.]

Note 1: Each time an expedition is launched, the cooling time is 7 days.

Note 2: After winning remotely, you can only choose one of the following options to obtain rewards.

1: Build the general's palace here. Get the remaining troops here. At the same time, you will face the pressure of the enemy camp launching a counterattack.

Two: Disarm this place. And obtain all the resources of this map. At the same time, you will face the pressure of completely enmity with the local camp. And your reputation in the outside world will also become lower.

[③: Have the right to recruit. You can already initiate Wolong recruitment orders to surrounding areas through Fuyun Town General Mansion. The recruited Wolongs will send you self-recommendation letters through the system mailbox. The higher the regional economic level, the more stable the life of regional monks. The higher the happiness index, the higher the comprehensive quality of Wolong that can be recruited]

[④: I would rather force the children in the general's mansion to get married. And let them marry other generals' mansions and retrograde marriages to expand their sphere of influence]

...

I don’t know why. When I saw the introduction of this item, Wang Ling suddenly felt like I was doing this task in vain.

Starting a war or something like that is not something his character can do in the first place...

Of course, the weirdest thing is Article 4. Children in the family can actually be used as a condition for marriage...

This made Wang Ling feel a little overwhelmed.

The eighteen children in the General's Mansion are quite a lot of strange species! Can they be married into each other?

Looking at the introduction in front of me, Wang Ling felt a little confused...





Chapter 2125 Behavior Analysis of Big Data


Latest website: It can be said that this general order has little effect on Wang Ling. He is an old conservative. And as a consistent lover of world pacifism, he naturally does not want to fight if he can.

Looking at the history of Huaxiu, Huaxiu’s growth and rise today are not due to plundering other countries.

Of course. Although Wang Ling advocates world peace, it has to take action when it is time to take action. For example, against Bai Zhe and the upcoming battle in the future...

He has sensed that war is inevitable, and all he can do is to do his best to protect his homeland and the fate of all mankind.

During the days of studying at Number 60 High School. Wang Ling also realized the importance of the team. All this is due to Chen Chao, Guo Hao, Sun Rong... These seem to have been giving him A partner who causes trouble but can always wake him up at critical moments.

It is difficult to take into account the overall situation by relying on oneself alone. The winner of the future war does not lie with him, but with whether the human monks can achieve true unity.

This is the so-called community of destiny for human monks.

Otherwise, even if he solves the Bai Zhe in front of him, there will be other "Bai Zhe" blocking the ground cultivators in the future. The road ahead will only be more difficult.

Wang Ling doesn't know how long he can protect the earth. He feels that he is very powerful, but at the same time he is also very weak.

So everything he is doing now is paving the way for the future of all human monks. It is also paving the way for his own ideal future.

He glanced at the general order in his hand. Under the mask of General Huwei, Wang Ling frowned.

That is to say, this thing fell into his hands.

If it were any other player, they would have given up on expanding their territory long ago.

The purpose of him and Sun Rong is to quietly accumulate strength. They are waiting to support Mr. Zanghu at any time. If they start a big fight now, this will be an act of exposing their background and strength in advance.

So the idea of Wang Ling is very clear.

Now that he has the military power of Fuyun Town, he might as well just stay in this novice village and not leave. The key is to continue recruiting troops and accumulating strength here.

And the general's order is not completely useless.

Wang Ling can use it for recruitment.

At this time, he clicked on the map and looked at the level of the entire Fuyun Town. The income and expenditure of spiritual mines, spiritual trees, spiritual stones, and food supplies were in balance. There were no negative returns and no positive growth.

The available troops are 2,000. The total population is 8,000.

Size: small town.

The overall rating is: Ding Shang

The number of "Wolongs" that can be recruited with this rating is destined to be limited. Therefore, Wang Ling's next step is to raise the city level first. By investing in artificial resources to increase the basic natural resources such as spiritual mines, spiritual trees, and spiritual stones in the surrounding areas Mining. Build a town. Expand the population.

However, if manpower is invested in mining, this will inevitably destroy the current consumption of edible materials and directly destroy the internal cycle of the current balance of payments.

This makes Wang Ling seem a little constrained.

He is well aware of the difficulty of managing a sect. Therefore, although he was the first to plan the establishment of the Office of Strategic Deception, he has no intention of becoming the sect leader.

There are so many people to manage. He can't take care of them.

There are specialties in the art industry.

Management itself is also a science.

It’s not necessarily possible to let him, a sociopath, be the boss...

So it's best to have a ready-made boss to manage on his behalf. And Wang Ling only needs to provide support behind the scenes.

But where did the ready-made boss come from?

So at this time. Wang Ling turned his attention to Sun Rong again.

He was shocked to find out.

Sun Rong...

Isn’t he just a ready-made boss!?

At the same time, Wang Ling also became more convinced.

All this was arranged deliberately by Wang Ming...

Otherwise, how could there be so many coincidences in this world?

Do you really just want to come up with whatever you want?

impossible!

Absolutely impossible!

...

Real world. Within the causal base.

Wang Ming is also really aggrieved.

He swore he really didn't have it this time!

However, Wang Ling has misunderstood. So at this moment, Wang Ming has no other choice.

He swore that he didn't want to explain anymore, so he just started typing frantically at the computer. Lines of code flew across the home screen at the speed of light, as if posting a barrage.

Although Zhai Yin didn't understand a single line, he was probably aware of the helplessness on Wang Ming's face.

"Are you showing off?" Zhai Yin asked with a smile.

"No...it's all God's will! God's will! God's will cannot be violated!" Wang Ming also couldn't laugh or cry.

He swore that he really didn't deliberately match up the ideas of Wang Ling and Sun Rong this time...but things had become like this. Wang Ming felt that it was better for him to just be a villain for once. ..

He could see that Wang Ling wanted Sun Rong to assist him in developing the city. So he simply typed the code. All system tasks received by Sun Rong followed Wang Ling's Come on.

As for what Wang Ling is currently thinking. Wang Ming cannot read Wang Ling's thoughts. However, he can conduct predictive analysis through Wang Ling's key-pressing behavior when he clicks on the game operation interface.

For example, when Wang Ling analyzes the map, the intelligent AI system starts to conduct review and deduction based on the behavior of Wang Ling. The highest probability situation is that Wang Ling wants to build City.

Because the system analysis determined that Wang Ling had been staring at the number of resources on the map for a long time. He should be thinking about how to expand resources and expand the city.

After closing the map, Wang Ling turned his attention to Sun Rong. This allowed the system to analyze that Wang Ling most likely wanted Sun Rong to assist him. Develop cities.

In other words, although Wang Ming cannot read minds during the whole process, he can predict it through the player's behavior of clicking on the system operation page.

Everything stems from the analysis of big data behavior patterns.

In fact, this logic is common in many places.

For example, when a player enters a certain game interface and selects the recharge link, the speed of the recharge may also affect the withdrawal rate to a certain extent.

Players who recharge quickly. www.uukanshu.net basically don't think too much, so the recharge speed is very fast. And this behavior also tells the game company that this "boss" is not short of money. He can earn more money.

Then you can let the "boss" keep recharging money by reducing the probability of withdrawing money.

If the recharge speed slows down, it means that this person is probably a student party and is still hesitating whether to spend the money. Then the best way to deal with it is to maintain the normal probability. Or even increase the probability of withdrawal.

All student members have a desire to show off. Once the goods are shipped and they get the gold card they want, they will definitely show off to their friends around them. This will lead to more other peers getting involved, and they will be unable to extricate themselves from the happy krypton gold card drawing. .

Of course, the above reasoning is just Wang Ming’s personal thoughts.

This is only theoretically possible.

He doesn't have any other evidence.





Chapter 2126 The General of Novice Village


Latest website: At the same time. Sun Rong soon received a new system task [limited time task: help the general of Fuyun Town develop the city to a higher level within 3 days. And recruit Wolong to develop in Fuyun Town]

[Task reward: Unknown. Rewards will be given based on the city's development level in three days and the average rating of the recruited Wolong. The higher the level, the richer the reward]

This was a mission that suddenly appeared. The moment the Fuyun Town general looked at him, a system prompt appeared in front of Sun Rong almost immediately.

She discovered that the general from Fuyun Town didn't seem to talk much. And for some reason, he especially liked to wear a mask... He looked so much like him.

Sun RongSuddenly felt that he had a mysterious power.

In the past, some people always said that she had the field of Sun Rong. She could attract many people to surround her, allowing her nowhere-to-be-placed charm to be conveyed to everyone's sight, and then exude hormones.

But later she discovered that her field was not effective for "autistic and sociophobic patients".

And Sun Rong also feels that he seems to have a special bond with autistic patients...

Even the NPCs encountered in the game are set in an autistic society.

For a moment, she just thought that the general's temper was very weird. Although he had quite a personality, in terms of game settings, could a general who was afraid of social isolation be able to lead a good team?

Maybe this is why the system gave her a mission to help assist the city's development?

Helpless. Sun Rong had no choice but to accept.

She took a step forward and looked at Wang Ling: "That general, do you want me to help you develop the town?"

Under the mask of Huwei. Wang Ling was also surprised by Sun Rong's initiative to ask for help. He only said the word "en" and then put his hands behind his back and prepared to leave the general's mansion.

"General. What arrangements will the young masters make later?"

Before leaving, Liu Jun, the senior general with whom he had discussed traditional Chinese painting, bowed and asked.

Wang Ling looked at Sun Rong. Trying to stay calm: "What's your name."

He was still acting. He didn't let Sun Rong find out his identity.

Sun Rong quickly bowed and replied: "Subordinate. Sun Yiyuan."

Her initial mission was to hide her true gender. So it was impossible to give her real name directly. It would be a bit too fake to just say Sun Rong.

But obviously Sun Rong reacts very quickly. Wang Ling is acting with her again. And Sun Rong is also acting with Wang Ling.

Under the mask of Huwei, the corner of Wang Ling's mouth twitched. He didn't expect that Sun Rong would directly mention Boss Sun's name...

"It all depends on Vice General Sun's arrangements." Then he looked at Liu Jun beside him and said.

"Vice General Sun?" Liu Jun's expression was obviously stunned. A corporal was directly promoted to deputy general. He had the same rank... This made Liu Jun dumbfounded on the spot.

This leap is indeed a bit too fast. But this is the general's intention, so it is not easy for Liu Jun to object in person.

Moreover, the eighteen playful young masters in the General's Mansion were trained to be more united than ever before in the hands of the newly promoted Vice General Sun. Everyone even aroused a strong interest in learning.

Not even the seven ladies in the backyard were able to do this. But they were trained in an orderly manner by a soldier who was secretly rumored to be a woman. It was enough to show that he was a capable person.

Therefore, Liu Jun stopped talking. Although he was surprised, he had to do as he was told.

...

After being promoted to Deputy General Sun, the surrounding NPCs were obviously very polite to Sun Rong. However, Sun Rong did not obtain a new identity given by the system.

Because she does not have any items belonging to the deputy general in the game. Unless Wang Ling kills Liu Jun. And distributes Liu Jun's equipment to Sun Rong. Then re-orders. This is how to obtain the identity. Correct way.

This can be regarded as a loophole that can reveal that the general of Fuyun Town in front of him is not an NPC. But it is a pity that Sun Rong is still a little younger in terms of the game... and could not detect it in time.

After arranging the subsequent courses for those eighteen children, Sun Rong also received a prompt to complete the system task. The task of hiding gender. After Wang Ling successfully verbally arranged for her to be the deputy general. Directly It is judged as completed by the system.

This is one of the reasons why Sun Rong is paralyzed. Because she only thinks that the deputy general's identity in the game is not the key. It is the turning point that allows her to complete the novice mission.

All of a sudden, a lot of experience poured in.

Sun Rong's character level has soared directly to level 20.

She didn't think much about it. She directly added all the attribute points of level 20 to defense.

Are you on full defense because you are afraid of pain? (bushi)

This is what Sun Rong had in mind from the beginning.

Let’s review Sun Rong’s [Sword to Skill] settings. The damage of all sword attacks will be reduced by 75%. Each time a sword weapon attack is received, the passive layer will be +1. At the same time, 1 point of agility and passive layer will be gained. The number also determines the number of controllable spirit swords.

In other words, Sun Rong is in a state of full attribute defense. Agility can also be improved through exercises. And the agility attribute is the key to affecting attack speed and dodge rate.

Coupled with a 75% sword damage reduction. Once the level increases, even if Sun Rong does not have much health, hitting her may only reduce her blood drop by drop. And it may be a miss in most cases... He was dodged directly because of his technique.

And this... is the legendary attack speed Titan Sword Master!

...

With the help of Sun Rong, Sun Rong simultaneously gained part of the city control. However, each time the setting is completed, it needs to be reviewed by Wang Ling.

This process seems quite redundant to Wang Ling. He has 100% trust in Sun Rong. Just agree to everything and that’s it.

The current available troop strength in Fuyun Town is 2,000, which is not as many as the employees of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. Sun RongThe current position of deputy general is like the executive CEO of the group. To be honest, it makes her quite nervous.

After all, she is only 17 years old. She has never been able to call so many people simultaneously at a certain moment. When Fuyun Town develops later, the number of people will probably be even greater than now.

Expanding the city requires building resources. Then some soldiers need to be allocated to collect resources. Once the soldiers are allocated, it means that the safety factor of the city will be reduced.

In the Itinerant Immortal magic circle, a map with a low safety factor will definitely be attacked by external forces.

Although Sun Rong was very careful in allocating it, it still received a system prompt soon.

Just 12 hours later, the demon caves around Fuyun Town will gather demon spirits to attack here. The total number of demon spirits is about five hundred!

"It's over..."

After seeing the system prompt, Sun Rong sighed secretly. He just assigned 1,000 people. This was a conservative choice. In the end, he was still attacked.

As a result, instead of blaming her, the general from Fuyun Town comforted her.

"It's OK."

Wang Ling said.

He knew that the demon spirits would attack from the southern entrance of the town.

So I didn't panic at all. I just stood with my hands behind my back and walked slowly towards the south.

"General? Are you alone? Don't you need to send people to help defend?" Sun Rong was surprised. I didn't know if this NPC general wanted to die on purpose.

Go there alone. This is not a proper death.

"No need."Wang Ling shook his head.

Then he opened his health bar value to Sun Rong.

In fact, when Sun Rong was training the children. www.uukanshu.net and when he was on the road. Wang Ling never stopped practicing. He kept reciting the formula of "God descends to earth" silently in his mind. .

So at this moment, when Sun Rong saw the true blood volume of Wang Ling, she was dumbfounded.

At this time. Wang Ling's health bar.

[300000/300000]

"???"

Why does a general from Novice Village... have 300,000 drops of blood!

Sun Rong knows the biggest map boss in the early stage near Novice Village. It only has 2000 HP!

No matter how powerful the boss is, one with 10,000 HP is already as strong as the sky!

And there are actually 300,000 generals in Fuyun Town!!!

7017k





Chapter 2127 Changing Fate Against Heaven


A novice general from a small town with 300,000 blood... this time made Sun Rong feel unreal.

She was very surprised.

And Wang Ling himself was also surprised.

Unexpectedly, I only had 300,000 drops during my continuous recitation of the Heart Sutra.

Why...

After all, it was because I spoke slowly.

But this thing can't be made fast. After all, the verses he recited need to be recognized by the system. If he reads too fast, the system will not be able to recognize them.

Wang Ling I don’t know if this is considered as forcing a debuff on myself. But after all, I am only in Novice Village now.

I don’t know if 300,000 blood points Wang Ling is more or less. It should be enough, right?

It's a pity that his character level is still not enough. Because he was "lucky" to trigger hidden tasks from beginning to end. And hidden tasks have no experience rewards. Except for rare identities, equipment and specific inheritances, his character level is still the same. Only level 1.

And this is the key to making Sun Rong feel twice as outrageous.

A level 1 general...has 300,000 drops of blood! This is not justified!

But now Sun Rong is also clear. Now is not the time to complain.

The demon caves around Fuyun Town were about to launch an attack here. This level 1 general just walked out on his own with 300,000 drops of blood.

What a righteous and awe-inspiring leader who cares for the people.

Although this was just an NPC in the game world, at this moment Sun Rong suddenly felt that the mysterious Fuyun Town general wearing a mask in front of him looked very much like a real person. All of this was too real.

"General. Wait for me!"

Seeing Wang Ling drifting away. Sun Rong hurriedly followed up wearing a heavy suit of armor. She ran very slowly. By the time she caught up with Wang Ling, there was already a faint sound coming from the south of the town. The sound of demonic spirits making trouble.

These screams with a terrifying aura are like the wails of ghosts. The sound becomes more and more intense from far to near. This is a strategic deterrent. From the sound to the body feeling, it is extremely real.

Wang Ling squatted half-crouched and touched the ground. He felt the distance of these five hundred demon spirits from far to near. He was fighting against five hundred demon spirits by himself. It was unrealistic to kill all these demon spirits. And it was too far. Waste of time.

Therefore, Wang Ling's fighting idea was clear from the beginning. Capture the thief first and capture the king. There must be a commander of the Demon Cave among these demon spirits.

Five hundred demon spirits. That is at least the demon power gathered from the ten demon caves around Fuyun Town. And what Wang Ling needs to do now is to lead these ten caves.

Sun Rong was completely dumbfounded. He never expected that this general could be so brave and fearless. The look in his eyes couldn't help but overlap with the image of the young man in his mind.

Impossible...

She must have been dazzled by what she saw. But the general's back as he walked past her often overlapped with Wang Ling.

What if this person is really Wang Ling...

For a moment Sun Rong was a little distracted and imaginative. But she didn't dare to think about it in detail. She was afraid that she would make a mistake in judgment this time.

What if the real classmate Wang Ling came out later. Wouldn't she be embarrassed?

Buzz!

The voices of five hundred demon spirits were approaching. They all had different shapes. Most of them were walking beasts. Their images were ferocious. Wang Ling showed no fear and only stared at the largest monster as it walked over. This monster was obviously Different from other demon spirits, Yue is three to four feet tall. His body is covered with thick scales, like a pangolin.

Its eyes were scarlet, with a hint of ferocity. It seemed that it did not expect that this person with only level 1 would take the initiative to approach it. After being stunned for a moment, it used its eyes to signal the little monsters around it not to attack immediately. Gu Gambling

This is the plot development.

According to the current game plot, players need to kill the bosses of these ten holes within a limited time. The surrounding monsters will not take action. If the task is not completed within the time limit, not only will the leader be resurrected with full blood, but the surrounding monsters will also riot instantly.

This is the leader of the Ten Cave. Sun Rong looks at the leader’s blood volume from a distance. Ten thousand drops of blood!

It takes a lot of effort for players to form a group and challenge together. Even if this is the initial boss of the Novice Village, it is still difficult to deal with.

But what Sun Rong didn't expect now is that since this general as an NPC went up on his own, did he need to help?

Or is it because he joined the general's mansion. This npc general is here to help him pass the level?

Sun Rong feels like he has good luck.

But the general of Fuyun Town is only level 1. No matter how much blood he has, how long will it take to grind out these 10,000 drops of blood?

Sun Rong seriously doubts this.

But the facts proved that Sun Rong was overthinking himself after all.

I saw Wang Ling walking past so calmly.

At the same time, Wang Ling's power value continued to soar. A faint golden aura began to linger around him. This was a sign that huge spiritual energy rushed out of the body.

In addition to superimposing HP through the passive layers of {The God Descends to Earth}, Wang Ling also explored the operation of the technique by reciting formulas and also figured out other techniques that can be used in conjunction with the {{God Descends to Earth}'s technique. .

At this moment, what he had realized before in the General's Mansion, {Changing Fate Against Heaven}, played a vital role.

This is a skill that has a relatively simple passive ability, but can create miracles.

"Skill Name: {Change Fate Against Heaven}"

"Level: God level."

"Instructions: 1 Whenever the current enemy's level is ahead of yours, the passive ability of this skill will be triggered. For every level ahead, you will be deemed to automatically gain 5 attribute points, which will be added evenly to each of your attribute points. When you are besieged by multiple people. It is determined by the level leading number of the person with the highest level."

"2 You gain additional passive abilities. This passive ability will be based on your current health status. For example, your level is lower than the enemy. But you are stronger than the opponent in a certain attribute (including health and psychic energy). This attribute will automatically be compared to the current enemy. The difference will be treated as your current temporary strength value."

...

In other words, Wang Ling's current level is indeed very low. But this is also the result of Wang Ling's deliberate suppression of level.

Now his level is lower than the leader of the Ten Cave Demon Spirits. However, his blood volume is 290,000 higher than the other leader.

This also means that the total temporary strength points he has currently obtained are 290,000 points!

So. He walked over so calmly. Faced with a monster with such a huge difference in size and level, the expression under the mask did not change from the beginning to the end.

"goodbye."

Wang Ling sighed softly.

A finger poked the big toe of the ten-hole leader.

Then. A jaw-dropping scene happened. The leader of the Ten-hole Demon Spirit was stabbed by Wang Ling's finger and took off directly on the spot. It flew backwards...

The body as big as a mountain made a roar. It moved directly backwards, plowing ravines on the ground. Huge spiritual energy attached to its body and burned. The defense of the scales was powerless to stop it. The leader of the ten cave demon spirits was unable to stop it. Disintegrated in public. Not even a single scale was left...





Chapter 2128 Wang Ling’s identity + one


Latest website: At the same moment. Mr. Zanghu, who had confirmed the scope of land reclamation with the team leader, vaguely heard a huge vibration in the distance while traveling.

The rumbling sound lasted for a while. He immediately asked the bald captain: "Where is this sound coming from?"

The team leader thought for a while, determined the direction and replied: "It seems to be the direction of Fuyun Town."

The distance between Fuyun Town and Huanglong Town is actually quite far. Without the help of magic weapons that do not have the ability to control the sky, we can't reach them in just a few days' journey by horse and carriage. It takes about five days for a round trip at the normal pace of carriage and horse. time.

But the noise was too loud. It was like a bomb exploding. It came from such a long distance. Mr. Zanghu couldn't help but be surprised.

He is one of the few insiders in Operation Wall Breaker. But Mr. Zanghu actually has a hunch that the official side will definitely arrange other insiders to help him secretly. Something like this that is absolutely confidential is impossible at best. Let more than two digits of people know.

So whether it was caused by other insiders of the wall-breaking plan or not, Mr. Zanghu couldn’t tell at the moment. Because Wang Ming told him before entering the game that he would meet other normal Huaxiu players in the game. .

Itinerant Immortal adopts a non-deletion system for internal testing. Therefore, there will also be many Huaxiu players in this game world. And most Huaxiu players have already left the Novice Village. It’s just that he is currently at this stage. Just out of reach.

The biggest advantage of letting other normal gamers participate is that it can be used to cover the operation. It will make people think that this is just an ordinary game.

As for the real wall-breaking plan to begin, they need to go out from the Novice Village and then gather their strength to break the invisible continental wall that surrounds another continent in the world of Itinerant Immortal. And this continental wall . It is also the wall of spiritual consciousness in the real world.

But it is ineffective to just rely on them to break this continental wall. Players who are monks from other countries who are bewitched by the Wall of Spiritual Consciousness must be allowed to break it in person. Only in this way can we ensure that the Wall of Spiritual Consciousness is completely destroyed.

Staring in the direction of Fuyun Town, Mr. Zanghu was thoughtful. A normal NPC would definitely not be able to make such a movement.

In other words, the person who made the big move is either a normal game player. Or he is a secret wall breaker who participated in the action with him.

The most likely result is still an ordinary game player. He doesn't understand games. But he understands today's young people too well... Many young people nowadays just don't like playing games and can't leave the novice village.

He thought about the long-lasting turn-based game {Psychedelic Journey to the West} that has remained popular from the past to the present. There is such a legendary player who has been playing turtles in Novice Village for more than ten years...

How to put it? To put it nicely, it means perseverance. To put it badly, it means people get bored, which is really scary.

Mr. Zanghu sighed silently.

At present, we need to ensure the ultimate success of the Wall Breaker plan. First, we must ensure that they themselves can develop smoothly. In this way, during the game, we will encounter those foreign player monks who are suspected of being brainwashed by the Wall of Spiritual Consciousness. Only then can we have the capital to win over them. Then At that time, you can open a sect, gather strength, and finally command them to complete the wall-breaking operation...

This is the legendary. All the power that can be united by unity!

...

I have to say that Mr. Zanghu’s wish is very good, but it is still difficult to implement it.

On the other side, Wang Ling poked out the ten-hole demon lord with one finger. Sun Rong was so surprised that her entire face was distorted. She was speechless and didn't understand. But she was greatly shocked.

And he saw his experience bar skyrocketing like crazy again. He quickly reached level ten.

And what about the general over there...

The character level remains at level 1.

Sure enough, this is an NPC. Only the NPC's level will not change.

But she has never been able to figure out why a level 1 novice village general can have 300,000 HP. He can also destroy the ten-hole demon lord with one finger.

Seeing the Demon Lord being destroyed, Wang Ling was filled with emotions. He locked his level because he expected that Sun Rong might directly tell that he was not an NPC through his level.. .Just thinking about it, I felt that it would be very embarrassing if we met directly. So Wang Ling locked his level without stopping.

In the game world of Itinerant Immortal, level locking is usually done after the main missions and maps have been expanded to a certain stage. In order to accumulate experience for future promotions and job changes.

No one will directly lock their level in the Novice Village. So this is one of the reasons why Sun Rong has no doubt about him.

So now she is almost completely convinced that the general of Fuyun Town is the NPC...but this NPC is a bit outrageous. It's like a plug-in specially arranged for him by Wang Ming.

Watching myself skyrocket in an instant, and finally settling on level 25. Sun Rong felt quite dumbfounded.

On the other side. If Wang Ling unlocks the level lock, his level will be instantly raised to level 15. However, Wang Ling did not do that.

Not upgrading means that he cannot add new attribute points and obtain talent points for skill distribution. However, these are harmless to Wang Ling.

He has two god-level skills at his disposal. And what he needs is the level difference. Therefore, level is not critical to him.

Of course. In addition to level, Wang Ling was not completely without gains. After the Ten-hole Demon Lord was destroyed, in addition to experience, Wang Ling also found that he had an extra waist in his inventory. Card.

This is the object of the Demon Lord of the Ten Caves. It symbolizes the identity of the Demon Lord of the Ten Caves.

Having this token means that he can directly control and direct these ten cave demon spirits for his own use and obey his command.

So...could it be...

At this time, under Huwei's mask, Wang Ling's mouth twitched.

Sure enough, in his character identity tag column, with the appearance of this token of the Ten-hole Demon Lord, a brand new identity followed.

he.

Wang Ling...

An ordinary, unremarkable high school student from Xiuzhen Academy with average academic performance...

In the world of Itinerant Immortal, www.uukanshu.net has multiple identities.

At this moment. His new identity tags are: [Good-for-nothing], [Prison Leader], [General Chen of Fuyun Town], [Demon Lord of Ten Cave]...

He is obviously a human monk, but he has become the Demon Lord of the Ten Caves.

This made Wang Ling feel a little complicated for a moment.

But having these demon spirits means that these demon spirits can also be transformed into his labor force!

Although five hundred demon spirits are not many...

But invest a part of it to mine materials, and let the other part lead you to take out other demon caves. Wang Ling thinks it may be a good choice to obtain mining manpower in the short term.

Because demon spirits do not need to eat. They are purely natural laborers. There is no need to consider the issue of food consumption.





Chapter 2129 Wang Ling was discovered?


Latest website: What is it like to have multiple jobs? This is a wonder that Wang Ling has never experienced before. He seriously doubts that if it continues to develop according to the plot of the game, it is very likely that he will develop into a "full-time master" "...

However, wearing multiple hats may seem troublesome. But in the end, everything I do is just paving the way for Mr. Zanghu.

The real protagonist of Operation Wall Breaker is Mr. Zanghu. And he is just an ordinary high school student, the Immortal King. What game does he know? What does he know about the Immortal King...

This ten-hole demon master was extinguished. Now Wang Ling has become the new master. Although the number of controllable ten-hole demon spirits is limited, the demon spirits do not require material consumption. They are natural labor porters and are responsible for resources. Mining is the best.

At the same time, no player has obtained the hidden identity of the Demon Lord during the game's internal beta. In the hearts of many righteous players, from the perspective of modern human monks, collaborating with demon spirits is an extremely incorrect choice.

Therefore, the way they control demon spirits is not to become demon lords to rule them. Instead, they achieve "enslavement" through hierarchical suppression. Therefore, this is completely different from Wang Ling's current method of controlling demon spirits.

Because of the identity of the Shidong Demon Lord, Wang Ling is in complete control. The loyalty of demon spirits is very high and they will not rebel easily.

In the game world of Itinerant Immortal, you want to "enslave" demon spirits through level suppression.

Although the demon spirits will not lose food, they will lose their patience. In other words, once their patience collapses, some demon spirits will directly rebel and cause the surrounding demon spirits and the normal human monk labor force to die together in a vigorous manner.

This is a bit of a waste.

However, Wang Ling himself is not that disgusted with the identity of the demon lord. After all, the demon world today is also on good terms with humans in the real world. And it was Wang Ling who conquered the entire demon world at the beginning.

Although there are still some human monks on the earth who insist that the demon world can never coexist peacefully with human monks, but after all, they are only a small number of people.

It's impossible to change everyone's ideas. Even if Wang Ling could do it, he wouldn't want to do that. An existence that can influence human thinking and will is very scary.

And this is the fundamental purpose of their implementation of the Wall Breaker plan this time.

The Huaxiu civilization has survived to this day and remains unchanged. It has experienced prosperity and rise and fall. It does not invade foreign countries. The only concept it holds is world peace and harmony.

But in the current world of cultivation, there is always a lot of rumors and slander against Huaxiu and the Huaxiu monks. Now it is indeed time for the world's monks to see the truth...

Wang Ling arranged for 499 demon spirits to participate in the work of collecting materials. This move actually caused the happiness index of his residents in Fuyun Town to drop by 10%.

Human-monsters have different paths. The thinking mode of NPCs in the game still naturally has a feeling of disgust and repulsion towards monsters. And this probability is actually similar to the ratio in the real world.

Wang Ling sighed in his heart.

Regarding the detailed data in this area, Bai Qiao's investigation is indeed very rigorous and completely in line with the rules.

The happiness index of a town is very important. This is also the key to affecting the quality of "Wolongs" that can be recruited in the future.

However, Wang Ling knows that such a decrease is only temporary. As long as the town can be built well, the existence of some demon spirits as labor force will only cause a decrease in the happiness index.

He no longer thought about it. Instead, he used the last remaining little demon spirit to guide him and began to explore the surrounding areas.

"Hey... General, wait for me!" Sun Rong shouted after him from behind.

To be honest, she has no clue now. She doesn't know how to help the town develop. In addition to using the system interface to coordinate command work and deployment remotely, the only thing left to do is to follow the Fuyun Town general... Gaining experience?

This is completely different from the way she imagined playing the game!

She thought she and Wang Ling would have a wonderful encounter, and then they would support each other and grow together after the encounter. She even thought about everything. She also stacked her defense points to the highest level. She planned to meet Wang LingWork together as a human shield and nanny.

This turned out to be a good thing. She gained experience along the way and soared.

And this is also within the calculation of Wang Ling.

After all, his card level is already Strategy now. However, there are many inconveniences when the level is always locked at level 1. For example, when he subsequently moves to a more advanced map to open a mission, he cannot take on the mission if he is only at level 1. So this In this case, you can only form a group with Sun Rong. She will take over the task. And you only need to be responsible for completing the task.

So I took Sun Rong to improve her experience. Of course, it was also within Wang Ling's plan.

Eh... To put it simply, he needs Sun Rong. And now Sun Rong also needs him.

After all, killing the boss instantly is something that only Wang Ling can do right now.

But the level difference loophole. Wang Ling always feels like a game bug... After all, it cannot be ruled out that some people may have a small chance of getting the same type of god-level skills in the novice village.

Although the probability of getting such a god-level skill is one in ten million. But as Wang Ling said, since there are people who have been fighting monsters in the novice map for more than ten years, it does not rule out that there are people. For more than ten years, I have been working hard for a book of exercises...

"General? Where are we going?"

Sun Rong asked later. But the NPC general obviously showed his autistic characteristics again. He never replied to her.

However, Sun Rong can vaguely get some ideas from the actions of Wang Ling in front of him.

She saw from the system operation panel that 499 demon spirits had joined the material collection team. But the general in front of her left one behind to lead them somewhere.

Sun RongI immediately thought that the general of Fuyun Town was probably letting this demon spirit lead the way. Go and collect all the other demon caves!

Was this the original plan...

But the question is, is this the idea that NPCs should have...

But the NPC in front of me really looks like an NPC!

For a moment, Sun Rong's heart was entangled and wavering. www.uukanshu.net She looked at Wang Ling's back. She felt that familiar feeling coming back.

Under the leadership of the little demon, she and Wang Ling finally arrived at the entrance of the Hundred Cave Area. The map showed that there were a total of one hundred demon caves with demon spirits. The total number of demons exceeded 5,000 demons. . And every level is higher than the current one.

The most important thing is that this Hundred Cave Demon Lord is also an extraordinary person. He is an order of magnitude stronger than the Ten Cave Demon Lord. All levels start at level 30.

There are 100,000 blood!

Sun Rong's mind was not on the Hundred Cave Demon Lord. She just stared at the back of the Fuyun Town general for a while.

Then he shouted out of nowhere: "Simply noodles! There are crispy noodles!"

At this moment, the figure walking in front of me hesitated slightly after hearing this call...

7017k





Chapter 2130 The Demon Lord of Cave 0 is awakening


Latest website: It can only be said that this is Wang Ling's old problem. And this trick always seems to work for him. And it works every time.

He sighed inwardly. He secretly thought that Sun Rong was not a martial artist. However, his performance was not that obvious because he had a mask to hide it. He just hesitated for a moment.

This does not allow Sun Rong to make a more accurate judgment. After all, they are being led by a little demon spirit to guide them. They are within the range of the Baidong Demon Lord.

The movement of hesitation is very vague. It is just a pause of the body. It can also be interpreted as... alertness.

So it's not really a real deal.

However, this still made Wang Ling under the mask ashamed. The secret girl's sixth sense was indeed astonishingly terrifying.

At this time, he fixed his gaze on a certain direction and raised his hand. A huge demon spirit lurking in the tree fell to the ground. The tree, which was as thick as the waist of five people, was directly traversed by Wang Ling. It was poured to the ground and turned into [timber].

"This is... the sentry around Baidong District?" Sun Rong was slightly surprised. Unexpectedly, the Fuyun Town's previous hesitation was because of this?

She looked at the huge demon spirit that was shot down. There were two mountain patrol demon flags stuck on its back. This was the symbol of the demon sentry. The key is that the level of this sentry was not low. It was higher than the one she encountered before. The Ten-hole Little Demon is so powerful. Just in terms of physique, it is not on the same level.

As a result, he was instantly killed by this NPC general.

Sun Rong sighed. There was a look of disappointment in her eyes. She very much hoped that the person in front of her was Wang Ling... But she didn't expect that the other person was really just an NPC...

Although the other party hesitated slightly when he shouted just now, as the demon sentry in the Baidong area was shot down, Sun Rong was instantly relieved.

After all, I paid by mistake. I thought too much...

Sun Rong has always had a clear understanding of the Sun family. But after all, the Sun family is a family of merchants. They have to deal with people and do business. There are many traps in the business world. So Ever since I was little, Sun Rong has been taught by Mr. Boss Sun to think a few more steps before everything happens.

Only in this way can we not panic when encountering problems. And firmly grasp the initiative in our own hands.

Therefore Sun Rong has been well aware of this truth since he was a child.

It can be said that part of the Sun family's brain-boosting ability is innate, and part of it is purely cultivated. This old tradition has continued for a long time. It can be said that it has continued since the generation of Sun Rong's wife, wife, and grandfather.

At the same time, on the other side, an invasion warning was issued in the Hundred Cave Area. Just after Wang Ling suddenly sent out a sentry, tens of thousands of birds in the jungle were aroused and circled in the air, forming a large black vortex. The howling sound was endless. Dark clouds came over the whole sky instantly, giving a strong sense of oppression.

Wang Ling's heart is always calm. The sound effects of this game are too powerful. But after all, he is used to seeing big scenes. He has seen the scene of the planet exploding. The visual effect caused by this environmental rendering is terrifying. Wang Ling hasn’t completely taken it into consideration yet.

In fact, whenever Wang Ling sees these explosive scenes in the game, he still feels a little proud of Bai Qiao. Other people's sword spirits. The sword body + scabbard is just one spirit. He himself But there are two.

Moreover, the two spirits (Jingke+Bai Qiao) have completely different personalities. Jingke can fight and act cute. Bai Qiao can fight and play games... They are both geniuses with both civil and military skills!

"Who disturbed my rest..."

Soon, a whine like a Hongmeng horn came from the Baidong area.

This was a terrifying sound coming from the depths. The moment it echoed and spread in the air, the five thousand demon spirits in the entire Baidong area boiled instantly. Both Wang Ling and Sun Rong A feeling of being surrounded. Gu Jiang

At the same time, the nearby environment also began to change. The leaves quickly withered. Instead, countless crystalline substances crawled into every gap in the forest. The ground, tree trunks, flowers, plants and things were all covered by this. covered with crystals.

Ten Thousand Demonic Crystal Flowers...

This is an environmental phenomenon caused by the appearance of a powerful demon clan. When the powerful demonic energy combines with the spiritual power in the air, a substance called the Ten Thousand Demonic Crystal Flowers will appear. Instantly like an ivy. Climbing all over every natural scene, it simultaneously emits a demonic aura to achieve a frightening effect.

This proves that the Demon Lord of Baidong District is probably stronger than Wang Ling imagined.

But no matter what the blood volume and level are. With the gameplay that Wang Ling currently controls, what he wants is the level difference. And the bigger the gap between this and his own level, the better.

...

Such a riot also alarmed Mr. Zanghu, who was collecting rare spiritual plants in the distance. He had already collected a lot of spiritual mushrooms that could be used to make medicine. These spiritual plants could be used as medicine and could be quickly refined into products with a constant market value, and the sales were good. Qi and blood elixirs.

At this moment, he raised his head again and felt the riot in the Baidong area in the distance. He had heard the movement there before. But he didn't expect that the movement at this moment was actually bigger than before.

He heard the screams of countless birds. Such a tide of spiritual beasts often indicates that a map boss may be activated.

Sure enough, the next second, in the system channel, an announcement floated over for all players to see.

[System prompt: Baidong District near Fuyun Town. The Demon Lord of Baidong is awakening...]

Did someone really pick up this boss?

Mr. Zanghu is suspicious.

Although the Baidong District is still located near Novice Village, the average player wants to level up by killing the demon spirits in the Baidong District. These demon spirits will be replenished automatically after a few days. They can never be killed completely.

But it would be different if we directly challenge the Hundred Cave Demon Lord. Once the Demon Lord dies, the Hundred Cave Demon Spirits will be in a leaderless state. At that time, the demon spirits in that area will have been killed one by one. No. will be automatically generated again. This indicates that the Hundred Cave Area has been occupied by players.

This is how the game is set up.

So for many players. www.uukanshu.net The Baidong District is a place to gain experience. No one will directly challenge the boss in the Baidong District in the novice stage because they can't beat it.

After the level is high, you can come back to play. However, this is a thankless job. There is very little experience gained. The benefits obtained will not match the current level.

It's like a level 40 boss going to kill the level 20 hidden boss in Novice Village. It took some effort. But the equipment he got was still level 20. Naturally, no one would dare to touch this boss when the benefits are not proportional. Demon Lord of Hundred Cave.

So after excluding all the above purposes.

There are only two things that Mr. Zanghu can think of. That is that this player who dares to challenge the Demon Lord of Hundred Cave is either seeking death out of pure innocence. Or he wants to obtain the Baidong District directly by killing the Demon Lord. The control of demon spirits makes these demon spirits become his labor force...

And people with this kind of thinking can never be just NPCs.

The opponent should be the lord of a certain city, or a general...





Chapter 2131 Wang Ling New Identity + Five


Latest website: This is just Mr. Zanghu’s personal guess. In the game world of Itinerant Immortal, there are very few people who directly seize power and become generals or city lords in places like Novice Village.

After all, this is just a small town. And the overall rating of all novice villages is the same. They are all the lowest D level. It depends on the resources around the town. It is divided into three levels: upper, middle and lower.

But in fact, this division is of little significance. After all, with limited troops, resources are mined slowly, and it is easy for the town to lack defense capabilities. Once it is invaded by foreign enemies, it will only take a matter of minutes.

Even if he becomes the master of Novice Village, he will end up with a failure.

But if combined with other solutions, it might be feasible.

This plan is to control the surrounding demon spirit caves so that the demon spirits can become the labor force for their own resource extraction. The demon spirits do not need to consume food and materials. This can be said to be a loophole in the current game settings.

Collect materials through demon spirits. Replace the town's original resources for mining materials. Let real human monk soldiers return to the city to set up defenses. This way you can get the best of both worlds.

No...

It can be said that it is the best of all three.

Because even at this time, when the "Novice Village" is invaded by other foreign enemies, the demon spirits assigned to mine materials can still defend themselves in a short period of time.

The most important thing is that you will never know how much control of the demon spirits the city lord of this town or the general of the general's mansion actually controls.

Because the number of demon spirits will not be displayed in the game.

To ensure fairness, when players choose to attack a city, they will only see the estimated strength of the opponent's city the day before, and then decide whether to launch an attack.

The reason why there is no real-time updated data is also to make players think twice before attacking a city. Some cities seem to have very few troops. The value is deliberately kept at a very low value. Then after receiving information that may be attacked, After the news. Urgently ask for help and borrow troops from surrounding allied towns.

This directly created a natural trap. When people actually attacked, they found that the number of people was basically different from what the system showed. There was a big discrepancy!

As I approached the city gate, I discovered that the opponent's strength was actually eight to one compared to my own!

It’s a damn thing if you can beat this!

In the inner link, many players have formed alliances and deceived many people in this way.

But the Fuyun Town run by Wang Ling is just a novice village...a novice village with no foundation or heritage at all...

Who would have thought that the general of this novice village would have such power and courage?

Therefore, the current Fuyun Town looks like an ordinary novice village, and it is very likely that it is also a hidden trap of "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon".

It would be interesting if there was a stupid young man who went to attack this without any hesitation.

What a pity...

While Mr. Zanghu was collecting mushrooms, he was also thinking about his own little calculation in his mind.

He has selected a new town map. He plans to develop in a higher-level town. He has to bid farewell to Huanglong Town. The distance from Fuyun Town will also be further increased. Otherwise, with his good-humored temperament that loves to join in the fun, he would really go and see it. Watch the fun.

But now all the money for hiring the fleet has been spent. The route cannot be changed at will.

However, the game has just begun.

This is Fuyun Town. Mr. Zanghu has finally memorized it.

...

The sentry was killed by Wang Ling. A terrifying tide of monsters roared up within the Baidong area. The Demon Lord of the Hundred Caves woke up. And directly instigated a strange phenomenon - the Ten Thousand Demonic Crystal Flowers.

In an instant, the entire forest seemed to have fallen into an illusory and alien space. It became a crystallized world. Purple-blue crystals covered the forest. The place was completely covered with a layer of warning color by the Demon Lord of Hundred Cave.

Blue animals and plants are very rare in nature. Those animals and plants with blue color often indicate warning, danger and poison. Such terrible natural phenomena are rare in real life. After all, the worlds of humans and monsters are currently inseparable from each other. Violation of the state of peaceful development.

But after seeing it with my own eyes, this shocking feeling is difficult to describe in words. Sun RongAlthough Sun Rong has killed the Old God and been to alien planets, the ancestors of the Sun family also had a history of vigorous battles with the demon world. But as a descendant of the Sun family, her knowledge of the demon clan is not comprehensive. She has only heard about it from Er Ha's mouth.

After all, the relationship between Wang Ling and Sun Rong is not that close yet.

In the huge mountainous area, a humanoid creature with one horn appeared. His horn was colored glaze, emitting a dazzling light. When viewed from a distance, there was a sense of majesty. This was the Demon Lord of Hundred Cave.

Demonic spirits that evolve into human form, monsters are rare. Obviously, this Hundred Cave Demon Lord is not an easy boss to deal with. At least for many people in the Novice Village, this is a monster that cannot be provoked in the early stage.

No one would meet this monster swordsman directly in the novice stage with a huge difference in level and attributes. He was wearing glazed armor. It was not a manufactured armor, but a naturally formed one. It was on his body. Something that already exists.

From this Wang Ling it can be concluded that the prototype of the Hundred Cave Demon Lord may be a monster beast covered with thick glazed scales.

It's a pity that he doesn't know much about monsters. There are thousands of races in the monster world. Wang Ling won't remember many useless things... He only remembers Er Ha, Monster Saint and Shen Wuyue. As for the others . Regardless of whether it is the district demon god or the local demon king. Wang Ling feels that there is no need to write down this information.

Because these creatures cannot defeat him at all. So Wang Ling feels there is no need to remember...

Sun Rong didn't dare to move at all. She intuitively felt that this Baidong Demon Lord was a question mark-level boss. No matter how ridiculously close Fuyun Town was, it shouldn't be possible...

As soon as she finished speaking, she saw Wang Ling walking forward slowly and leisurely like last time.

"General?"

Sun Rong suddenly opened her mouth. No matter what, she couldn't believe that the scene in front of her would happen again.

Under the mask, Wang Ling said coldly in a changed voice: "Health Bar Clearing Technique."

The next moment, he raised his hand. A beam of light rushed out from his fingertips. It turned into a terrifying light and directly penetrated the forehead of the glass demon...

then!

Boom!

The Hundred Cave Demon Lord, who had hundreds of thousands of drops of blood, fell directly in response. www.uukanshu.net

Sun Rong saw it. The Hundred Cave Demon Lord turned into powder and dissipated, leaving behind equipment that fell all over the ground. At the same time, it opened in response. There were also dark clouds that reopened. When the sun shines in the blue sky After it was illuminated again, the glazed equipment here was also reflected and shimmering. Shining...

Wang Ling has no interest in the equipment on the ground.

This was left to Sun Rong on purpose.

He is only slightly interested in his new identity.

Now after opening the character bar, a series of identity information is immediately displayed.

Now. Wang Ling's identities include [waste], [prison leader], [General Chen of Fuyun Town], [Demon Lord of Ten Caves of Fuyun Town] and [Demon Lord of Hundred Caves of Fuyun Town]...





Chapter 2132 The first outside player


Latest website: As the Hundred Cave Demon Lord fell in response, Wang Ling directly obtained the new identity of the Hundred Cave Demon Lord around Fuyun Town. As well as a total of 5,000 demon troops.

This is the rounded data of Wang Ling. Just round it up. After all, I accidentally killed a few during the attack on the 100-hole area. It would be too troublesome to count it as a fraction.

When the Baidong Demon Lord dies, these demons no longer have the possibility of being refreshed. There are as many as there are. Wang Ling try to stay as much as possible during the advancement process. And kill the Baidong Demon Lord instantly.

It is to avoid creating new variables and causing greater damage to this area, thus causing more damage to these little monsters who are regarded as labor force by Wang Ling.

So Wang Ling made a decisive decision and killed instantly, avoiding a large-scale battle. Although some losses were still incurred in the process, it was still within the controllable range.

And Wang Ling's move against the boss is even more amazing.

It's not a simple {health bar clearing technique}. That's just the abbreviation of Wang Ling.

The real full name is: Regionalized Dynamic Blood Bar Clearing Technique...

The precise instant kill of this move allowed Wang Ling to stop the loss as much as possible. Unfortunately, such accuracy... is difficult to achieve in the real world.

After all, the current Wang Ling is in the game world. Although there is the concept of being forcibly debuffed, the current Wang Ling is passive because of its powerful god-level skills. It is equivalent to standing still. In an invincible and invincible place.

And this invincibility. Because of the game world, he can accurately control this power.

This feeling of being able to control power makes Wang Ling feel doubly amazing. He doesn't know how long it will be until the joint research and development team of Wang Ming and Shou Chong can decipher the black stone and develop the latest version of Talisman.

But he has an intuition. He can clearly feel that this day may not be too far away.

Within the causal base.

Wang Ming looked at the actions deduced from the various decisions made by Wang Ling in the monitor. He was already feeding back the data from the game. While using his own brain to back up the human flesh cloud, his fingers continued to enter various codes on his keyboard. Record the deduction.

It can be said that this wave, Wang Ming's consideration is in the atmosphere.

Letting Wang Ling enter the game to assist Mr. Hidden Fox is only one aspect. The most critical point is that Wang Ming himself wants to use Wang Ling's game data to provide experimental reference for the new Talisman.

The world of Itinerant Immortal is based on the modern theory system of cultivation. Although it is just a world constructed of countless codes, it is precisely because it strictly follows the theoretical system of scientific cultivation that it has important data. reference significance.

Wang Ming and Shou Chong stared at the screen intently, entranced. Seeing this, Zhai Yin did not dare to interrupt their thinking easily.

Men who work hard are always the most handsome.

And this is what Zhai Yin likes about Wang Ming. Seeing Wang Ming's devoted appearance, she feels proud and feels particularly peaceful.

How to use Talisman to accurately control the power of Wang Ling to the correct level. This is what Wang Ming is pursuing at this stage. It is difficult...but not completely impossible to achieve.

After recording the data in the first stage, Wang Ming and Shou Chong put on wireless helmets respectively and exchanged the data they recorded.

This process is an exchange and deduction. The two people exchange and communicate at the level of thinking and will on the data they have just recorded, so as to check for gaps and errors.

In this aspect, Shou Chong is not as talented as Wang Ming. But the advantage is that he has lived a lot longer than Wang Ming. He has more experience than Wang Ming. In addition, Shou Chong also has many strange ideas. It can be said that Wang Ming feels that beneath him, Shou Chong is the person closest to his own thinking characteristics.

It's like the relationship between the main brain and the deputy brain.

...

The Demon Lord of Hundred Cave was solved. Wang Ling's current labor force has just reached a sufficient level. He originally wanted to push forward to challenge the Demon Lord of Thousand Cave and Ten Thousand Cave Demon Lord.

It's just that in that case, the distance from Fuyun Town will become farther and farther. Without him in charge, the demon spirit labor force he finally gathered will most likely suffer a devastating blow in his absence. And be destroyed by the rest. Players are given the title of Demon.

Associating with demons. This is not tolerated in the world of Itinerant Immortal. Just like at this moment, he has just absorbed a new wave of demon labor force. The happiness index of Fuyun Town has dropped again.

Once the happiness index drops to an extreme, there is a risk of rebellion at any time.

So Wang Ling's next plan is to return to the city for maintenance first. Increase the population base. Upgrade the town to a high level. Use the demon labor force in hand to expand the buildings in Fuyun Town. Absorb talents. First, increase the happiness index. Let’s talk about improving it.

"General... these equipment..." Sun Rong followed Wang Ling and picked up purple equipment and materials.

The glazed demon lord's glazed armor (purple), the glazed demon lord's glazed armor (purple), the glazed demon's glazed fragments (purple), the glazed demon's claws (purple), the glazed demon's head horn (purple)...

These purple equipment can be exchanged for Sun Rong for a large amount of money. They can even cast a new batch of purple equipment. They are very rare materials.

After killing the Hundred Cave Demon Lord, Sun Rong's character level was instantly raised to level 35.

The level 35 characters on the Novice Village map... are a bit hard to imagine...

"For you." Wang Ling didn't say much. Under the mask of Huwei, he was still concise and to the point.

He was about to take Sun Rong back to the city. But at this moment, Wang Ling suddenly heard a sharp arrow piercing the wind beside his ear. The sound came straight through...

Wang Ling reacted very quickly. He ducked sideways and caught the incoming arrow.

It's obviously a level 1 NPC...

Obviously, the archer in the distance was also surprised by Wang Ling's sudden attack. He was also wearing a rare smiling face mask.

"Orange equipment?" Sun Rong was surprised. This mask exudes a dull golden light. It has equipment special effects. It symbolizes the quality of the equipment worn by this player. It is an orange equipment! Than { The Huwei mask on Wang Ling’s face is even more advanced!

At the same time, she was also surprised. She didn't expect that she would meet a very high-level player in the wild map of Novice Village!

Although it's not as high as the level 35 she got. But level 33... is still scary in the world of Itinerant Immortal.

She gained experience by accident. But this player obviously relied on his own hard work to improve.

The player was seen wearing a smiling mask that exuded orange special effects. He jumped towards them from the treetops in the distance. The cape behind him spread out like a glider. It looked like a lightning bird. Against the blue sky, it looked more like He is an angel that shines with light.

This cloak is also an orange outfit...

Sun Rong was shocked. This is definitely a closed beta player. Otherwise, there would be no way he would have so many rare equipment.

"interesting."

After the man landed, he looked at Sun Rong. Then he took off his mask and revealed a spring-like smile. He was very kind. He looked to be in his early thirties.

"The Novice Village is only level 35. And it also has a level 1 NPC general?" The man touched his chin and looked at Sun Rong. The traditional bow behind him was shining brightly. He was looking at Sun Rong, he was also thinking about what main mission Sun Rong triggered. It actually directly inspired a level 1 NPC general to attack.

He had been observing from a distance for a long time. It wasn't until he saw Wang Ling destroying the Hundred Cave Demon Lord with one move that he decided to take a look.

That arrow just now was just a test.

"It looks like this is your first time meeting other players?"

"Yes..."

Looking at Sun Rong's astonished look, the man holding a traditional bow laughed: "The world of Itinerant Immortal is too big. There are so many novice villages. There are also all kinds of plots that can be triggered. There are only one or two players in a village. It's normal. And they can't even recognize each other as real players."

The man shrugged and said. He spread his hands with a helpless expression. Then he reached out to Sun Rong and said, "Let's get to know each other. My surname is Huang. You can call me Lao Huang."

After reporting his home address, www.uukanshu.net, a clear character nickname appeared above the man's head. This was the character ID he had set from the beginning of the game.

Reporting one's family name is also a direct way for players to identify each other. It shows a kind of sincerity.

Just say the name you have chosen to the player you want to get to know. The other party will be able to permanently see the ID marked above your head.

"Hello. You can call me Sun Yiyuan."

Sun Rong also laughed and shook Lao Huang's hand.

It was rare. This was the first veteran player she had met who was willing to tell her whereabouts. And he looked very experienced.

"By the way, Lao Huang. What is your occupation?"

"Me? I am a reborn person."

Lao Huang smiled and showed off the traditional bow he was passionate about: "So, I have no equipment restrictions. As long as I study the character attributes and matching points thoroughly, any equipment can be used."





Chapter 2133 Lao Huang


Latest website: Finally, it was no longer an NPC talking to me. Sun Rong took off her helmet. Her eyes turned red on the spot. She was purely moved.

Lao Huang was a little surprised when he saw that the person hidden under the heavy armor was actually a girl. He spoke a very magical Northeast dialect. He was very happy: "I didn't expect it to be a young lady?"

In my impression, very few girls would choose the profession of ancient heavy-armored monk. The mobility is too poor, it is bulky, and it is not feminine and beautiful enough, which is a taboo for female players.

Many girls choose professions such as immortal swordsman, stargazing Taoist priest, and mechanic that look more handsome. In the evaluation of many female players, the heavy armored monk is like a walking Urgot.

"You're so excited..." As a player, Lao Huang is already an experienced player in the world of Itinerant Immortal. But facing such an excited girl, his otaku attributes are instantly exposed. He instantly became shy.

Excited?

That's for sure.

Because for Sun Rong, all the plot developments currently faced can be described as inexplicable! It is such an open online game. She was stunned to complete the unparalleled single-player game...

I don't know which choice caused the problem.

But Sun Rong doesn’t remember that he has done too many outrageous things!

Isn’t it just an opening mission to hide your gender?

She has successfully completed all this... but she ended up following this level 1 general from Fuyun Town to gain experience until now...

Lao Huang was also surprised. He looked at Wang Ling up and down, and asked Sun Rong about his gaming experience.

"I see. The task you are receiving now is to help this general manage the city?" Old Huang clicked his tongue. He suddenly felt that he had underestimated this game.

At least among the closed beta players, no one has encountered this task in Novice Village. In other words, the task that Sun Rong is encountering now has no guide at all.

No one knows exactly why. I encountered such a level 1 NPC general who was like a plug-in and forcibly pushed the map.

At this time, Wang Ling was walking on the way back to the city. He kept a steady pace as much as possible. At the same time, he also listened to the exchange between Lao Huang and Sun Rong behind him.

Meeting players now is something that is expected. But Wang Ling didn't expect to bump into them at this time. It's a little out of place.

But he still hopes to hide his identity as much as possible.

"Generally speaking, even if there are NPCs to assist you in defeating monsters, you won't gain that much experience. You will reach level 35 by the time you are behind... Do you know how many people there were during the closed beta? Even if you practice to level 20, your liver will break out."

Lao Huang complained.

Like many games in the same category, the map of Itinerant Immortal is very difficult to survive. You may hit a wall everywhere. If you are not careful, you will die directly and start from the respawn point.

The level will not be lost. However, two pieces of equipment will be randomly lost, 50% of the experience accumulated at the current level and 35% of the money on the body.

This is somewhat of a loss.

Therefore, many old players are walking on thin ice. They are afraid that they will die if they are not careful. They store all the equipment that can be stored in the wild map environment. And they have almost no money with them.

It can be said that the old Huang who appeared in front of him was a maverick existence.

Sun Rong was also very curious: "Old Huang. How long have you been playing? Now you are in orange equipment?"

Itinerant Immortal is in the magic ring. It’s scary to be able to collect a set of purple equipment before level 35. The orange equipment of Lao Huang can be said to be blinding.

"I was there during the first and second tests. The files were deleted during the first test. The files were not deleted during the second test. But my files were deleted," said Lao Huang.

"Deleted?"

"Yes. It was very sudden. It was deleted immediately." Father Gu

Lao Huang said with emotion: "I made a lot of good friends at that time. I didn't even have time to say goodbye to them... We even made an appointment during the second test. We were in such a hurry that we didn't even have contact information in real life. If you stay, it will be gone."

"Could it be because of that bug incident?" Sun Rong remembered.

The only bug that appeared in the inner part of Itinerant Immortal's magic ring was that all players' screens suddenly went black for two minutes.

Although the bug was quickly recovered, it also caused a very small number of players to lose their archives after being disconnected and could not recover them.

And obviously, Lao Huang is one of them.

But Bai Qiao handled this matter very well, because the number of players whose accounts were directly deleted was very small, only in the single digits, so it was very convenient to compensate them.

"That's it. Although I can't contact my good friends from before...but if we are destined, we can always meet again." Old Huang nodded.

"What compensation did the official give you?"

"Hahaha. It's four pieces of orange equipment! It's just functional equipment without adding attributes. The orange smiley face mask, the orange flying cloak! You just saw them! The other two pieces. Let me give it a try first!"

Lao Huang said excitedly. As he spoke, he first showed the two pieces of equipment he mentioned to Sun Rong.

[Mask of Eternal Faith (Orange)]: An orange accessory that does not add any additional attributes. It can be used in combination with mask-like equipment. It has two special skills.

Special Skill 1: Illusion Counterbalance: It can resist the effects of illusions. But at the same time (when wearing the mask) the illusions you cast are not effective on other people.

Stunt 2: The mask is permanently bound. It will not be dropped due to death or other factors.

...

[Cloak of Everlasting Faith (Orange)]: This cloak will help you gain more freedom in the world of Itinerant Immortal. It has three special skills,

Stunt 1 Light Flying: You gain the ability to fly. The flying distance will depend on the agility of the character. The higher the agility, the farther the flying distance. No spiritual power is consumed during flight. The flying speed is constant. It is equal to the normal running speed. But the advantage is that you You can now rely on your cloak to cross the map.

Stunt 2: Airdrop Holy Treasure: While wearing this cloak, you can sacrifice 300 load-bearing space to carry one person to fly with you at high altitude. You can carry up to two people.

Stunt 3: The mask is permanently bound. It will not be dropped due to death or other factors.

...

"So awesome..."

Sun Rong looked at the introduction of the two pieces of orange equipment. www.uukanshu.net and was dumbfounded.

No wonder this old man is not afraid of wandering around in the wild map... All the compensated equipment comes with [handling] special skills. Even if you die in the wild map, you will not drop it!

Although it does not add any additional attributes, it is obvious that these functionalities can really help a lot during the game.

Normal players don’t know how to get such equipment. But Lao Huang can have four pieces at once!

"Are you envious?" Lao Huang asked.

"A little." Sun Rong nodded.

"It's all in exchange for friends..." Lao Huang covered his face. He couldn't laugh or cry.

Then he immediately became serious.

Looking at Sun Rong. He said solemnly: "But it's okay now. I have a new friend now."





Chapter 2134 Wolong recruits envoys


Although I have only known each other for a short time, from the few words spoken by Wang Ling and Zhai Yin, I can clearly feel that Lao Huang himself has some attributes of a social cow. Moreover, he is also cheerful and optimistic.

The world of Itinerant Immortal is too big. With so many friends having no time to obtain contact information in the real world, the direct account is gone. There are no player-dominated territories like sects and unions in the game world to serve as links. It's really hard to meet again.

Sun Rong asked Lao Huang. He and many of his friends met in the process of wandering. They are all casual cultivators. They have not established a sect or union yet. They originally wanted to meet and build one together. But his The account was directly stuck with a bug.

Such a big world. After Lao Huang regained his account, he had already reached level 33. He still could not find his group of friends, nor the established player sect or union.

"It's okay, Old Huang. If we are destined, we can always meet you." Sun Rong consoled him.

She understands this feeling of being left behind alone, because she also lost her father and mother when she was very young. Fortunately, Sun Yiyuan, as her grandfather, gave her enough care to make up for her father's love and mother's love. She grew up healthy and safe.

But regret is regret after all. Sun Rong knows that there is no way to make up for the missing part.

The correct way is to turn this regret into motivation to move forward.

Even if the two elders are gone and we cannot witness her inheriting the Huaguo Shui Lian Group in the future, she will work hard to run her family's business better and not embarrass her parents. She will become a qualified successor and promoter.

It can be said that this is the goal that Sun Rong has been pursuing all along. In the past, she thought that she had done a good job. With strong self-confidence, she was a shining little sun wherever she went.

Then she suddenly met Wang Ling. Only then did she know what it means to have mountains beyond the mountains. Only then did she realize that sometimes making a fortune in silence is not a choice.

Human growth requires a process. Sun Rong feels that he has learned a lot from Wang Ling.

But the question is. Where is Wang Ling now?

"Look at you. You seem to have lost your friend too?" During the conversation, Lao Huang saw what Sun Rong meant.

"Yes. We entered the game world together..." Sun Rong said.

"Hahahaha!" Lao Huang laughed immediately: "I have so many friends, and I have never met them again. Although you and your friend played the game together, you know the game world of Itinerant Immortal. How big is it? The probability of being assigned to the same map is very slim!"

"But you have been using experience to get to such a high level. If your friend's development cannot keep up, I'm afraid it will be difficult to meet each other in the future."

"So I really want to ask what the hell this level 1 general is...it feels like a bug!"

"Yeah! I think so too!"

Sun Rong looked at Wang Ling in front of him who had been leading the way. His eyes showed suspicion again.

Wang Ling's pace always maintained a consistent pace. He admitted that while walking, he felt as if the back of his head was being penetrated by Sun Rong.

"I have never heard of your newbie plot. It feels like a new path that can be quickly upgraded. So, your current task is to help this general develop the town? I can help!"

Sun Rong nodded. Then he opened the system operation interface directly in front of Lao Huang and shared the vision: "Look. This is the currently controllable force."

Lao Huang glanced at the town sand table displayed by Sun Rong. When he saw the deployment of troops, he was shocked.

"Hua Tia! All 2,000 troops are deployed in the city. Nearly 5,500 demon spirits are working outside? It's interesting..."

Old Huang was stunned.

He had never heard of this method of map creation. He had discussed the subsequent development issues after gaining control of a town when he was hanging out with his friends.

One of them mentioned the concept of using demon spirits as labor force. Mainly, this method can minimize the food consumption in the city. It is equivalent to using demon spirits for free.

Moreover, demon spirits will not be counted in the stamina loss.

But the disadvantage is that if the town itself has a certain level, the degree of crowding out of the demon clan by the urban citizens will also become higher. To develop a medium-sized city, at least 20,000 to 30,000 laborers must be allocated outside to collect goods every day. resources.

If these two or thirty thousand people are demon spirits, it will greatly reduce the happiness index of the residents of medium-sized towns, causing the city to fall into chaos.

So for this plan, the best place to experiment is in Xinshou Village.

There are not that many residents in novice towns. Even if someone has opinions, the number will not be that large. And the residents' familiarity with the demon clan can be cultivated.

The thinking of a medium-sized town is solidified and cannot be changed so easily. But in the process of urban upgrading, if the demon tribe intervenes to help with the construction, there is a high probability that the residents here will change their views on the demon tribe.

To put it bluntly, we have to start from the beginning to get the residents used to this kind of life where humans and monsters coexist harmoniously.

But just like what Mr. Zanghu analyzed before. How could a novice villager, a normal novice player, have the ability to directly destroy the Ten-hole Demon Lord and the Hundred-hole Demon Lord directly in the Novice Village...

But now, this wild and unrealistic idea at the beginning was actually caught by him. Lao Huang thought it was all so interesting.

So he decided to stay and help.

"In this case, you recruit me. Let me become the first Wolong in your town! Will this also help the town's rating?" So, Lao Huang volunteered.

"Eh? Is that okay, Lao Huang? If you are Wolong here, then you are bound to this place!"

Sun Rong was surprised by Lao Huang’s decision.

To be Wolong, of course, you have to wait for Wolong in a high-level town to gain benefits.

No one would choose to be a Wolong in Novice Village.

And no one can guarantee that this novice village can develop.

"Yes! And my participation can also check and balance the happiness index of the town to a certain extent. At least it can make those residents who are afraid of the demon tribe feel a little more at ease."

Lao Huang said.

When a high-level player who far exceeds the level of the Novice Village map joins, and his overall combat power score is no less than 100,000 points, this sense of solid security is truly indescribable.

"What are you doing standing there? Recruiting!" Old Huang said.

"Eh... I've just played this game... I don't know how to do it..." Sun Rong stared at the complex system sandbox in front of him, lost in thought.

"You have to do this first, then this, then that..." Lao Huang gave step-by-step instructions based on the shared sandbox screen Sun Rong. He was very patient and relied on his experienced experience to give guidance.

Sun Rong learned it after reading it once. It seems to be a complicated control interface. In fact, after Lao Huang’s analysis, it is far less complicated than imagined.

Finally, under the guidance of Lao Huang. Sun Rong completed the recruitment of Lao Huang according to Lao Huang's instructions.

And almost at the same time. Wang Ling saw that he had unlocked another hidden achievement identity.

When this hidden achievement identity reward popped up in front of Wang Ling's eyes, Wang Ling himself was stunned for a moment.

[System: Congratulations on recruiting a Wolong player with a level B level]

[System: You have unlocked the Charming City Lord achievement (successfully recruited a Wolong who is more than 30 levels higher than you). And unlocked a hidden identity]

[System: Congratulations on obtaining the hidden achievement identity: Wolong Recruiter (this identity comes with special skills bonus)]

[Wolong Recruitment Envoy]

[Specialty: When you recruit Wolong, all costs consumed are reduced by 50%. At the same time, your town will be able to recruit Wolong that matches the town level and is one level higher (that is, if your town is a D-level city, it will be considered recruitable) to Wolong of C-level city quality). And increase the probability of recruiting high-level Wolong by 3%]





Chapter 2135 Sun Rong’s ability to imitate 1 and invert 3


Latest website: Now let us take a look at the multiple identities that Wang Ling has obtained so far: [Waste Chai], [Prison Leader], [General Chen of Fuyun Town], [Ten Cave Demon Lord of Fuyun Town] and [Fuyun Town] Demon Lord of Hundred Cave], [Wolong Recruiter]

Even excluding the initial professional identity of [waste]. Wang Ling now has five identities obtained through various adventure missions and hidden missions.

Even Wang Ling himself doesn’t know why he can develop to this point just by playing a game.

But now that Lao Huang has joined, I finally have an old player who can help me play with some of the things I don’t understand about the game.

Although it seems that Lao Huang is very doubtful about whether his identity as an NPC is real. But Wang Ling also knows that this matter cannot be hidden for a long time. He is just an ordinary high school student. He is not an acting major. born.

So now this situation can only be concealed for a while. When the time is right, Wang Ling will choose to take the initiative to show off his cards. Or when the time is right, he will reveal his flaw and let Lao Huang and Sun Rong take the initiative to discover his truth. identity...

For Wang Ling, the current identity hiding is of greater strategic significance.

Neither he nor Sun Rong knew Lao Huang before. But Lao Huang's familiarity made neither Wang Ling nor Sun Rong feel too disgusted. It even made Wang Ling feel a little bit like this. A mature and advanced version of Chen Chao.

Chen Chao also has the naturally cooked Nawei son. However, Huang obviously grasps the attribute of "self-cooked" just right. There is no sense of violation at all.

To put it bluntly. Wang Ling Lao Huang has a feeling of being like an old friend at first sight.

He has four pieces of functional equipment given to him due to bugs. Only two pieces are currently displayed. One mask and one cloak. And they are never worn. They have no durability. They are permanently bound to the body and will not be affected by death. And fell.

These attributes alone can make most players cry with envy.

As a veteran Ying player, Lao Huang knows a little bit about everything. He guided Sun Rong in the sandbox operation of urban reconstruction. And Sun Rong also learned very quickly.

In addition to making more reasonable adjustments to the distribution of troops in Fuyun Town, Sun Rong also used the surrounding resources collected by the 5,500 demon spirits sent out to start urban construction and changes to Fuyun Town. .

"Why did Miss Sun choose this place to expand the city?"

"The terrain at the east gate of the city is complex. It is easy to defend but difficult to attack. Choose here. The security is fully guaranteed." Sun Rong answered.

Lao Huang nodded. He sighed inwardly that a boy can be taught. In fact, he didn't teach Sun Rong much.

Almost all of them only spoke a sentence or a half. Sun Rong began to use the ancestral brain supplement model to start learning on his own. He really didn't help much. He just clicked...

As a result, Lao Huang discovered that this girl's ability to draw inferences from one instance to other cases was really strong. It was almost to an outrageous level.

Based on Lao Huang's experience, he felt that Miss Sun was not a simple character even if she were placed in reality.

And there's this name...

Sun Yiyuan...

Sounds so familiar!

He seems to have heard it somewhere!

"By the way, Lao Huang. Is it okay if we hire local residents for urban construction?" At this time, Sun Rong suddenly had a bold idea.

The only issue that urban residents need to consider is the consumption of food. As long as they can keep their stomachs full.

Now the job of the demon spirits is to collect materials for city construction, cultivate fertile fields, enrich granaries, and ensure the logistics operation of the entire Fuyun Town.

On the defensive side, it's the soldiers' job.

But in addition to defense, soldiers can also participate in city construction. In addition to ensuring food, they also have to pay employment fees. This is a large amount of expense. It makes Sun Rong feel very uneconomical.

It would be best if the residents can participate. You can save employment fees. As long as the food can keep up.

And allowing residents to participate in construction can actually improve the happiness index of some cities. After all, if cities and towns develop well, the ultimate beneficiaries of the benefits are residents.

The food problem is just a logistical problem that the city leader needs to solve.

Regarding this point, Sun Rong’s idea is also very clear.

"Involve residents in the construction. Food is very important. So when the time comes, we need to gather the residents involved in the construction in one area. Then improve the welfare level of that area. This will encourage more residents to participate voluntarily."

Sun Rong said: "The demon clan went to reclaim fertile fields to replenish the granary. This only solved part of the logistical problem. Someone still needs to transport the food to the homes of the residents who participated in the construction. Otherwise, the food will not be distributed well. Food It will just pile up there and rot."

"If food spoilage occurs, there is a high probability that some speculators will emerge. And when these speculators see a profit, they will open private granaries and sell the food they have to residents at high prices. At the same time, it will also hinder the transportation work. It will deliberately let the good food spoil."

"So for these people, it is best not to sell food in single portions. They wish that residents could join together to buy in groups..."

...

Another round of careful reasoning and wonderful inferences. Wang Ling was stunned when he heard this. Even Lao Huang was dumbfounded on the spot.

Someone is needed to carry the food. Lao Huang thought of this. But what he didn't expect was the things Sun Rong said later.

After all, in the world of Itinerant Immortal, every NPC has its own consciousness. It is controlled by intelligent AI. They have their own learning ability and will continue to grow. Characters will be randomly assigned to them according to the system. Character determines your own behavior pattern.

So the things Sun Rong said may actually happen. They are not alarmist.

In the virtual game world. www.uukanshu.net This series of reasoning sounds magical. But sometimes the real world is not a magical world?

"What do you want to do?" At this time, Wang Ling, who had been sitting firmly on the general's throne, finally spoke.

He found that he hadn't spoken for a long time. It was an abnormal phenomenon for NPCs. So taking the initiative to speak at this time might dispel some of Sun Rong, Lao Huang's doubts about himself.

Obviously. Sun Rong did not expect that this taciturn general would suddenly ask herself a question. She only thought it was a mission issue. After thinking about it carefully, she truthfully expressed her thoughts: "If you want to save money, . Residents need to complete the construction themselves. This requires a complete mechanism to ensure the food supply chain, that is, the speed of logistics. It must never be stopped."

Lao Huang: "So?"

Sun Rong looked at Lao Huang. Finally he looked at Wang Ling and said: "So I suggest that the next step should be taken by the General's Mansion. Priority should be given to building a courier hall responsible for transporting supplies and food! I think . Let’s call it Jingfeng Mansion! Jing as fast as thunder. Wind as fast as gale!"





Chapter 2136 Wang Ming’s major discovery


Latest website: With the help of Lao Huang. And Sun Rong, the future heir of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group, helped to assist Zuo. Wang Ling's development in Fuyun Town is smooth and smooth. It is a novice village town rated Ding. Suddenly the level increases. And when it is announced in the game world.

Almost all players' attention is focused here.

It's Fuyun Town again...

Many people looked at the world announcement with doubts in their hearts.

There are three trigger conditions for the system's world announcement.

One is to kill a world-class boss. For example, the Hundred Cave Demon Lord level. It is also considered a world-class boss.

The second is that the city controlled by the player has been upgraded. Generally, an announcement will be made when the city is upgraded for the first time and when it reaches level A.

The third is to speak freely through the consumption of props.

In the world of Itinerant Immortal, there is a magic weapon called "Heavenly Dao Hong Bell". By consuming the Heavenly Dao Hong Bell, you can make a free speech within 150 words.

Of course. In order to build a harmonious and civilized world, swearing is not allowed. If swearing is used, the system will automatically change it to a "*" sign.

However, even if you can shout freely, it is very difficult to obtain the Heavenly Dao Hong Zhong. It is equivalent to the casting materials of a pseudo-world-level artifact. It is impossible for non-experienced players to have the materials to create the Heavenly Dao Hong Zhong.

A place that can be called a novice village. The demon lords of the surrounding Hundred Cave were directly connected to the pot. Then even the town level was upgraded from the lowest level D to level C. Although there are only lower level C at present, the novice town can develop like this. It’s actually quite incredible.

On the other side, Mr. Zanghu, who was refining medicine in Yetu, also paid attention to this system message that shocked the world.

Under normal circumstances, no one will choose to expand their territory directly from the beginning of the second-level novice village. First, the character level is not enough. There is a high probability that they will not be able to directly control the right to speak in the novice village.

Second, the resources around Novice Village are generally limited. Except for the monsters all over the mountains and plains, they are the most common and primitive basic materials.

Unlike him, he would hire a convoy to go deep into the forest in order to collect precious orphan souls that could be used to refine medicine. He would always risk being attacked by spiritual beasts.

But Mr. Zanghu was very calm. He was not afraid of being attacked by spiritual beasts. He was just afraid that the spiritual beasts would not attack him.

Because he himself has no combat effectiveness. The hired convoy is also timely. If he can tame one or more spiritual beasts for his own use, he will change his current state.

At that time, he can take the summoning style player route. This style is considered unpopular in the game world of Itinerant Immortal, because spirit beasts are not so easy to be captured. And all major spirit beasts are gregarious creatures.

Once you kill one, the hatred level will be superimposed. This will directly lead to the leveling up in the future. Because the hatred level exists, the difficulty will be greatly aggravated.

Therefore, players who play the summoning style do not actively hunt spiritual beasts. Monsters are the key. But in this case, players who play the summoning style will also lose many direct benefits compared to other players.

For example, high-level inner elixirs, furs, nails and other things obtained from spiritual beasts and monsters... These things can be used to cast immortal tools. They are used for weapons and defense. Some are even precious materials for refining medicine.

People are in the wild. There is no special equipment for refining elixirs.

The collected heavenly materials and earthly treasures need to be refined into finished elixirs to have a higher value. If they are sold directly, some of the freshness of the heavenly materials and earthly treasures and their own spiritual energy will be consumed along the way. This is devalued. .

Therefore, Mr. Zanghu’s purpose was clear from the beginning. He planned to make alchemy directly in the wild.

The refining method is relatively primitive.

That is the legendary...iron pot alchemy method!

All you need is a pot.

The team has a pot. Mr. Zanghu can borrow it.

This method of making alchemy is similar to cooking a hot pot. Throw in the natural materials and earthly treasures according to the proportions. The rest is to kill time and patience.

After refining qualified medicinal powder, roll the medicinal powder into balls and store them.

This process is tedious and complicated. It is impossible to do without a certain degree of patience.

But Mr. Zanghu is obviously an old man.

He cut the collected souls into finely chopped cubes and placed them on banana leaves according to the proportions. Wrap each portion and divided it into hundreds of portions.

These hundreds of portions need to be cooked one by one. The failure probability is about 90%. But as long as you can make 2 packets, you can make back your money.

Mr. Zanghu took a deep breath and then decided to proceed.

...

I can only say that Mr. Zanghu is indeed Mr. Zanghu. Wang Ming, Shou Chong, and Zhai Yin are monitoring everything from the outside. You can feel this man's strong knowledge reserve through the screen.

"Refining elixirs directly in the field. It is convenient to obtain materials. Although the failure rate is high, because of the value of the elixir itself, as long as the elixir is refined, the cost can be recovered. You can also make a lot of money."

Zhai Yin was full of admiration: "This Tibetan Fox teacher has something. And he probably wants to attract spiritual beasts through the smell of medicine emitted when making alchemy. He is a spiritual beast expert himself. He also has experience in how to tame spiritual beasts. .If he can really tame one or two, even if the convoy leaves, he can continue to move forward relying on the spiritual beasts."

"That's right." Wang Ming nodded.

What Zhai Yin said was exactly what Wang Ming had predicted in his mind.

It can be said that Mr. Zanghu, Wang Ling, Sun Rong are currently developing smoothly in the novice stage.

But Wang Ming still felt that something was slightly wrong.

Be part of Operation Wallbreaker.

They participated in Operation Wall Breaker in order to break the spiritual wall set up by Michu.

This matter was helped by the miracle of the universe, Heavenly Dao Yun. It seemed that everything was going smoothly and the future was bright.

But I don’t know why. Wang Ming just feels a little bit uneasy.

Is it because the stalemate over the restricted sea area has not yet ended?

Or is that Qiao Yanyuan too honest and unaware of their actions as a wall breaker?

With Qiao Yanyuan's strength, is it really possible to hide everything from him?

Zhai Yin: "What are you thinking about?"

Micro expressions to Wang Ming. Zhai Yin is also very sensitive now.

After obtaining the divine brain, even if Wang Ming was overloaded with thinking, the temperature of her head would not rise any more. This made her lose the fun of frying steak on her forehead... So she began to analyze Wang Ming's various micro-organisms. expression.

Psychology. www.uukanshu.net It was originally a part of the training of special forces.

Zhai Yin feels that most of them can be seen through his own analysis.

Wang Ming raised the corners of her lips.

He felt that his stupid wife was too naive.

He can even predict the probability of the future through mental deduction. It is not easy to control micro-expressions... It's just that he deliberately showed off his flaws. He just wanted to see Zhai Yin's cute reaction.

"Shou Chong. A possibility suddenly occurred to me."

At this time, Wang Ming looked at Shou Chong who was observing carefully and suddenly said

Shou Chong: "What did Mr. Ming think of again?"

Wang Ming frowned: "I'm thinking. Is there a possibility that we are actually wrapped in the wall of spiritual consciousness."

Shou Chong: "?"





Chapter 2137 The world of falsehood and reality


If someone else had said these words, Shou Chong would only think that this person was probably suffering from some kind of hysteria. No matter how bold his idea was, he would not make such an outrageous inference.

But if this person is Wang Ming, the situation will be different. This man has received the help of the divine brain. It is no longer the same.

Maybe you can really see things that outsiders can't see through, but it's not necessarily true.

"So. What basis do you have?" Shou Chong asked.

"I saw a layer of gray mist. The world wrapped in the Itinerant Immortal magic ring."

"But this is just a virtual game...how can you set up a wall in the game..."

"I know."

Shou Chong was surprised.

The wall of spiritual consciousness is a real thing. It is equivalent to a magic circle. The layout is very particular and secretive. It has the function of shielding the mind and reversing the thinking and will.

You can use external force to destroy the basic components that build the wall of spiritual consciousness. But this choice is unrealistic. It is equivalent to starting a war.

That's why Wang Ming thought of using a roundabout method. That is, this Operation Wall Breaker, to allow the local monks in Mixiu Country whose minds are controlled to have true self-awareness, thereby affecting the equipment of the Wall of Spiritual Consciousness.

When more Michu monks awaken to their true thinking and will, the wall of spiritual consciousness must use greater power to suppress it. When the core cannot bear it, it will naturally collapse directly from the inside.

No matter how sophisticated the scientific instrument of cultivation is, its load capacity is limited after all, without undergoing the Heavenly Dao enlightenment technique of Wang Ling.

And Brother Michu, who has awakened to his true thinking, is like a walking high-memory consumption software. When more and more software are opened, the crash will naturally only happen on a thin line.

But now Wang Ming suspects that there is a wall of spiritual consciousness in the game world of Itinerant Immortal... This seems a bit incredible to Shou Chong...

This is a game developed and designed by Bai Qiao. As a game developer, how can there be a wall?

People from the Office of Strategic Deception were involved throughout the entire research and development phase.

If this is all covered by the existence of a wall... wouldn't it just prove that there is a mole inside the Office of Strategic Deception!?

This isn't right either...

This is the Office of Strategic Deception.

A place where big bosses gather. It's so easy for moles to appear.

The most unlikely place in the world for a mole to appear is the Office of Strategic Deception. The other is the Sixty Gates.

Although the specifications are different, they are both a land of hidden dragons and crouching tigers.

"Who put up the wall?"

"It's not clear yet."

Wang Ming frowned.

Judging from his current judgment, the gray fog surrounding the Itinerant Immortal game world is unusual.

It is something similar in function to the wall of spiritual consciousness. But the specifications are far beyond the wall of spiritual consciousness itself.

There is no doubt about it.

This more advanced "Wall of Spiritual Consciousness" is definitely not the work of anyone currently on earth. It is most likely the work of Qiao Yanyuan.

"Has it started since the closed beta..."

Wang Ming quickly thought of a possibility.

He thought of the sudden black screen incident during the closed beta phase of Itinerant Immortal's magic ring.

That was a bug that even the official could not explain correctly. Bai Qiao also classified that incident as a code conflict error. After all, it is impossible to be completely free of bugs in the programming process of game software. Even after fixing one, there may still be bugs. There are more bugs appearing at the same time...

But now, Wang Ming felt like something was suddenly enlightening in his mind. He had thought everything clearly.

After all, the Itinerant Immortal magic ring was established in accordance with the rules of cultivation. It is an extremely strict world of cultivation. It is not impossible if Qiao Yanyuan's forces under Bai Zhe began to make plans during the inner period.

So in the huge Itinerant Immortal world, among those players! Insiders have been implanted!

"I didn't expect that there would be such a way to invade the earth..."

Shou Chong was so frightened that he was sweating when he thought of this. He was shocked: "So, what is their purpose?"

"On the one hand, I want to use this method to peek at the earth. On the other hand, I also want to use this method to treat trapped players in the entire game world as hostages." Wang Ming analyzed.

After all. There is still Wang Ling on the earth.

Neither Bai Zhe, who is in the form of a moonlight dragon, nor Fenmu Shen, who has inherited the Heavenly Dao tradition and claims to be omniscient and omnipotent, can peer into the earth from the outside.

It can be said that the way it penetrates from the game world into the earth is indeed quite creative.

But they didn't expect it, but they probably didn't expect that the man who acted like a cheater. Even if he entered the game world at this moment, his soul was separated from the body... he could still cheat in the game world...

"The order will break the gray fog."

At this time, Wang Ming said.

He has every reason to believe that. Wang Ling is probably aware of the abnormality in the world of Itinerant Immortal's magic ring.

...

The world of Itinerant Immortal is shrouded in an unknown gray fog. Wang Ling has been aware of it since entering the game.

At first he thought it was a map setting in the game. It was like many games would define a map range for themselves.

The seemingly vast ocean actually has boundaries in the game world. The player drives an immortal boat. When it reaches the boundary, it cannot go any further.

But soon Wang Ling noticed something was wrong.

Because of this layer of black mist, it cannot be converted into data code in the eyes of Wang Ling.

Yes. In the game world of Itinerant Immortal, Wang Ling is actually in a state of being forcibly weakened by a debuff. After all, it is in the game world. His King's Eyes ability cannot be directly brought in.

Without the help of King's Eyes, everything will become very troublesome.

But King's Eyes cannot be used.

It doesn't mean that he can't summon others.

In his display cabinet of gods, there is a pair of pupils like this, which are specially used when the soul leaves the body or enters the virtual space.

Dao Number 04 Eye Pupil: The True and True Yuan Shen Dharma Eye. The dark brown appearance is no different from a normal human pupil. But if you look closely, you will find that the periphery of the pupil has a gear shape.

Yes.

Even if Wang Ling cannot invoke King's Eyes ability at this moment.

He can also analyze the reality of this game world through Road Number 04.

The function of Road Number 04 is very simple.

It means seeing through all illusions.

After activating the ability of Eye Pupil Number 04, Wang Ling saw that everything around him turned into codes composed of various characters and 0, 1. Even Sun Rong and Lao Huang.

When Number 04 is activated, they all become cold code symbols.

Only the gray fog in the sky has never dissipated...

A virtual game world. It stands to reason that there can be no real things that are not codes.

But the emergence of this layer of gray fog means that the nature of the game has changed.

It affects the virtual world. Not only will it block the connection between players in the game and the outside world, but it will also swallow up the virtual world step by step. It will gradually assimilate this world and turn it into reality.

That is to say...

Soon.

When the density of the fog rises a little higher, all the players in the Itinerant Immortal ring will become real people, not just simple data.

That is to say.

When a player dies in the Itinerant Immortal magic circle, it may directly affect the real world.

Wang LingUnexpectedly. Bai Zhe and Qiao Yanyuan are quite creative.

Thinking of invading the earth in this way.

And it's obvious that they have been plotting for a long time.

But the only thing these two people missed was...

Wang Ling also entered this world.

The function of gray fog is to affect players in the entire game world and make players real.

This also means that Wang Ling himself will gradually become real.

He was debuffed by the game. But Bai Zhe and Qiao Yanyuan actually tried to strengthen him?

Wang LingI didn’t expect that.

There is such a good thing...





Chapter 2138 Gray Mist Erosion


Latest website: Inside the Karma Base. Shou Chong still has doubts about the existence of this layer of gray fog and the purpose of Bai Zhe.

"I don't know if there is any way to extract and analyze the material in this layer of gray fog. It may be useful for our research." Shou Chong said.

He didn't know how Bai Zhe managed to implant this layer of non-virtual fog into the virtual game world. He didn't even know what the true appearance of this layer of fog was.

But with the rigor of modern cultivation science and the spirit of exploration, he still hopes to extract some gray mist for ingredient research.

He knows very well. This thing is dangerous.

But I always feel that this layer of gray fog may be useful for the Black Stone and subsequent Talisman.

"This battle is the last one, right?" Shou Chong asked. The emotions in his heart were very complicated.

The last battle he was talking about was the battle of destiny that Wang Ling had predicted. And this battle was inevitable. The entire earth and all cultivators could not ignore it.

This is a battle for the fate of modern human monks. That is why everyone must unite to deal with the invasion from the outside world.

"I don't know if it's the last battle. But whether this battle can be a complete victory. In the end, it still depends on whether some of the leaders of the cultivation country can put aside their stubbornness and prejudice and truly think about all human monks instead of themselves. Solo, self-centered, and make everyone else an imaginary enemy."

Wang Ming said: "If this kind of persecution paranoia seems to be so stubborn that it has not been changed from beginning to end because of the selfishness of some leaders. Even without this battle of destiny, modern human monks will eventually be destroyed by their own hands. Li."

Wang Ming's words can be said to be very heavy.

The entire Karma Base fell into silence and thinking.

But it is indeed something worth thinking about.

"I hope things get better." Shou Chong sighed.

He is not an optimist, but he feels that no matter how difficult it is, as long as everyone has the same goal, there will always be a solution.

Humanity's modern cultivation civilization has not yet reached the level of high-level civilization. Looking at the entire universe, it is as small as a drop in the ocean.

The existence of the Eternal Black Stone is incredible enough.

There are also the Palace of the Outer Gods, the Cosmic Embryo, the Divine Brain, and various eternal beings and unknown things. After learning about these things, Shou Chong himself did not know whether the modern scientific cultivation civilization had progressed or regressed compared to the past.

Everything is indescribable and difficult to understand.

But no matter how confusing it is, someone has to find the right path.

"The order will find a solution."

Wang Ming's attitude is very clear.

He believed in Wang Ling from the beginning.

And. You can only believe Wang Ling.

I believe Director Wang will not disappoint him.

And he, like Shou Chong, is somewhat interested in the nature of gray mist. This mysterious object that can be generated directly from the virtual game world without concealing the truth is like a method only possessed by outside gods.

Wang Ming himself is not a cultivator and does not understand cultivation. But he has seen a lot, so he has his own guesses.

"It stands to reason that it should be impossible for Bai Zhe not to notice that Ling Zhenren is also in the game world."

Shou Chong was suspicious: "This game is not authenticated by real-name authentication?"

"It's true that it is real-name authentication. But Ling Ling and Miss Rong are not old enough after all. There is a time limit. But in order to ensure that the actions of the wall breaker are accurate, so the real-name registration of the two of them is mine and Yinzi's."

"..."

Hearing this, Shou Chong suddenly understood. He now understood why Bai Zhe dared to arrange this layer of gray fog in such a big way even though he knew that Wang Ling was also in the game world.

Emotionally, he feels that there is no threat in this virtual world. That’s why he is so brave!

But in the end, it is human beings who are not as good as God.

...

On the other side. When Wang Ling realized that this layer of faint gray mist erosion would materialize all the players in the Itinerant Immortal game world.

His own chess game has already begun in his mind. He is just an ordinary high school student.

Being inexperienced in the world, he just casually saved the earth a few times.

But even so, he also knows that he needs to take the initiative in his own hands at all times.

Heavenly Dao reincarnation. Those who lose will eventually shoot themselves in the foot.

To be honest, after several battles with Bai Zhe, Wang Ling found that Bai Zhe has indeed improved a lot than before. He has become more patient. He is no longer the one who always rushed forward as soon as he gained strength. A reckless man who thought he was invincible and then was beaten by his own tricks.

He has now learned to test. And his offensive ideas are very novel. He can be said to be a good opponent.

But between universes, sometimes there is a restrained relationship.

Wang Ling didn’t mean to target Bai Zhe. But the principle of enemies crossing paths is indeed very metaphysical sometimes.

A strange gray fog that can transform the virtual world into the real world.

This reminded Wang Ling of his own King's Eyes "eight-character pupil technique".

It's the method of "there is something and there is nothing. Virtual and real complement each other" that I used before. It can turn reality into illusion and illusion into reality.

This ability is too terrifying. Wang Ling has only used it a few times in total. The last time it was used was in Chapter 1520.

The reason why the essence of this gray mist is higher than the wall of spiritual consciousness is not just because it allows trapped players to immerse themselves in the world and think that it is all just a game.

At the same time, virtuality is transformed into reality. This is the terrible thing about gray fog erosion.

Wang Ling Judgment. This is most likely Fenmu Shen’s method. It’s too similar to an outside god.

Bai Zhe just provides a spatial medium that can realize gray fog.

Now that it has been determined that this is a thing of an alien god, Wang Ling has an idea.

The current fog concentration is obviously not that high. This is Bai Zhe's side delaying. Waiting for more players to come online and join the game world of Itinerant Immortal.

In addition to Brother Mi Xiu who is responsible for coordinating the entry into the game world through the cloud by Heavenly Dao Yunya.www.uukanshu.net

The total number of players in this closed beta without deleting files. The total number of registered players has exceeded 10 million.

Compared to the entire modern cultivation world, this number of players may not be worth mentioning. However, these 10 million closed beta players have been strictly screened by Bai Qiao. A considerable number of them are the mainstay of the modern cultivation world.

If even these people are trapped, once irreversible damage occurs, it will inevitably affect the real world.

Such influence Wang Ling has been considered. Therefore, it is impossible for him to let Bai Zhe's plan succeed.

But at the moment, in order to avoid unnecessary alarm, he can only pretend not to notice. He is addicted to the game world.

Anyway.

Stable development is definitely the top priority right now.

...





Chapter 2139 Director’s Responsibilities


Latest website: As a director, how to direct an excellent work. Its creativity and content screenwriting often depend on the minimum limit of the work. The actors' interpretation and interpretation of the script directly determine the upper limit of the work. .

As an inexperienced and ordinary high school student, Director Wang is not a directing major after all. He doesn’t understand directors, and he doesn’t know how to choose actors.

Even the script was arranged based on what was available after careful calculation.

As for the future results of the final interpretation, Wang Ling only has a rough outline in his mind. To put it simply, he is quite confident.

Because although he doesn't know much about it, he still understands a little bit about everything.

On the other hand, it is.

He knows Bai Zhe too well...

As a strange being who was wiped out several times by himself but was not completely wiped out. He survived with a trace of his remaining thoughts.

To put it mildly, Wang Ling felt a bit of resilience from Bai Zhe.

As long as this guy's logical thinking is normal and he doesn't think about doing evil everywhere, he may be a rare "talent" in the history of human monks.

Now, they have gone from openly fighting each other in the beginning to arm wrestling behind the scenes.

Although Qiao Yanyuan is very strong, he is at best just a pawn under the alliance of Bai Zhe and Fenmu Shen.

Wang Ling himself is not afraid. It is good that Bai Zhe has many strange and capable people in his hands. But Wang Ling also has good talents in his hands.

And a large part of them were secretly supported by Wang Ling himself after falling in love with them.

On a larger scale, for example, Qin Zhong, Xiang Yi, Li Xian, Zhang Zhui...these are strangers from the outside world and people from all ages.

Speaking more closely, there are also Zhuo Yi, Lord Diu Lei, Immortal Toya, Cailian Zhenren, and Leidian Fawang, those good friends who I met on the Internet. Now all of them have become core members of the Office of Strategic Deception. .

If we were closer, there would be Fang Xing, Chen Chao, Guo Hao and his classmates.

Although Chen Chao and Guo Hao are at a low level, their talents are actually quite good. Now, under his script, he has personally customized mentors on the road to cultivation. It is really time for the battle of destiny. Wang Ling feels Both of them might be able to play their respective roles.

And now, in the world of the Itinerant Immortal magic ring, Wang Ling has set its sights on Sun Rong again.

To be honest, Sun Rong was actually cultivated intentionally by Wang Ling. However, there is a feeling mixed in there that Wang Ling has not quite understood yet.

At first Wang Ling was just regarded as an unavoidable fate.

Later, after the Yin-Yang Death Tribulation happened, Wang Ling gradually accepted the reality... and acquiesced that Sun Rong could know his true strength...

The comfort that Wang Ling gives to myself now is that the reason for everything is "repaying kindness".

After all, Sun Rong and Mr. Boss Sun are very good to him. At least they are not ambiguous about the crispy noodles. It can be said that they fully satisfy his fantasies about all the ways to eat crispy noodles.

As for the Huaguo Shui Lian Group, in fact, in the eyes of Wang Ling, it is not a pill group.

Speaking of which, it's more like a stable source of dry noodles.

...

After some operations by Wang Ling, the town rating of Fuyun Town has been upgraded from [Ding Upper] to [C Lower].

A novice village town can directly complete promotion across progress. This is incredible in the eyes of all players. As mentioned in the previous analysis, there is no need for novice village to make such an investment. The maintenance and upgrading of the town are both problems.

Unless there is a way to use the demonic power of the surrounding caves as a labor force to mine resources. But this idea is only a theoretical possibility in the eyes of many players.

Novice stage. Who can single out the Demon Lord of Hundred Cave and take control of the money-counting demon spirit in the early stage?

no!

From the moment the game world of Itinerant Immortal was created, countless people tried to accumulate strength in the novice stage, trying to directly control the novice village and the surrounding monster caves. The results all ended in failure!

So this move by Wang Ling is a record-breaking move!

The moment the system's world announcement was released, almost all game players were shocked. They couldn't believe that such a terrible player still existed in the world.

So is this person really new?

He shouldn't be a newcomer, right?

If you are a newbie, how can you have such skillful operation?

Maybe it was a trumpet account opened by some big shot player?

For a time, many people had different opinions.

As for the entire world of Itinerant Immortal, Fuyun Town, a small novice village, is the focus. Almost everyone's eyes are focused here.

At this time, Wang Ling. Although he is sitting in Fuyun Town, he has not gone anywhere.

Originally, the illuminated areas on his map were just small bright spots surrounding Fuyun Town and the demon caves surrounding Fuyun Town.

In addition, even the hometown of his good-for-nothing identity is kept secret. Because the starting point of his script is in Fuyun Town, he has never been back home.

But you can see that there is a special home mark on that place.

And now.

Wang Ling saw that the dark map was directly lit up. Players from all over the world of Itinerant Immortal were like clusters of bright torches. With curiosity and desire to explore, they were heading towards Fuyun Town. near.

As the general in charge of Fuyun Town, Wang Ling can directly see the information that his town is locked by many players.

They are coming from all over the world to find out what's going on to satisfy their curiosity. Even though Wang Ling hasn't gone anywhere, his dark map is gradually being lit up by major players.

When the dark areas of the map are broken up bit by bit by the players, the visual impact is self-evident.

"It seems that many people have noticed us. They are approaching Fuyun Town!" Lao Huang also became excited. He looked at the shared map shown to him by Sun Rong. They all witnessed this shocking scene.

At this moment, Sun Rong's eyes were also red. There was a kind of touching from the bottom of his heart. No matter what purpose these players came for, but this moment of gathering towards Fuyun Town made Sun Rong feel the virtual world. of fireworks.

Especially when the players are working together towards a goal. www.uukanshu.net and slowly lighting up the entire dark world. She seemed to see the cohesive force coming from the center...

Wiping away the tears that could not help but swirl due to excitement. Sun Rong quickly calmed down.

She knew it wasn't time to celebrate yet.

Many of the players who have gathered here now are driven by curiosity and a desire to explore.

And there must be no shortage of "Wolongs" who want to take refuge here. As well as intruders with malicious intentions towards Fuyun Town...

Grasp talents with one hand.

Prevent intrusion with one hand.

Having both. That is the key right now.

Only children make choices.

She wants them all!

7017k





Chapter 2140 More than 3 people


In order to ensure that Operation Wall Breaker can be carried out accurately, Wang Ling and Sun Rong are sent into the game world of Itinerant Immortal's magical ring to assist. This is the plan formulated by Wang Ming.

He is the initiator and commander-in-chief of this plan. President Qi gave him complete power, giving him a place to use it.

But in fact, although Wang Ming has found Wang Ling and Sun Rong to enter the game world, Shangfeng knows nothing about the details of Wang Ming's employment.

They couldn't find out who Wang Ming sent in.

Although it is said that people should be employed without suspicion and others should not be used, but always be prepared with both hands. This has been the inherent strategy of Huaxiu since the founding of the country. Huaxiu monks will never hang themselves on a tree.

Prepare in many ways. Being prepared for a rainy day is the way to go.

It's not that they don't trust Wang Ming. But if something unexpected happens to "Ling Rong's Team", the Shangfeng side still hopes that there will be other teams that can assist Mr. Zang Hu.

This is the situation. So the auxiliary team of the Wallbreaker Project is actually more than the team sent out by Wang Ming.

The highest-level decision-making unit in the Huaxiu Alliance is composed of ten members. Almost ten immortals crossed the sea to show their magical powers. They found someone they trusted and entered the world of Itinerant Immortal together.

However, they knew nothing about each other. They all thought that they were the only team supporting Mr. Zanghu.

Wang Ming didn't know anything about this move. He was the commander-in-chief and had the blessing of the brain.

This behind-the-scenes operation cannot be hidden from him. But sometimes it is also important to pretend to be fake.

Although in Wang Ming's opinion, there is already Wang Ling in the situation, it is actually meaningless for the rest of the people to enter the game world. In addition, ten generals will prepare additional auxiliary teams...the names and faces. Wang Ming is very familiar.

Isn't this just looking for someone from the Office of Strategic Deception!

Wang Ming couldn't laugh or cry.

I'm afraid I don't know who the boss behind the Office of Strategic Deception is...

This boss is already in the game!

But since it’s already here, Wang Ming naturally can’t stop it. He just pretends that he doesn’t know.

All I can say is that the guys at the Office of Strategic Deception are really busy.

On the one hand, he has to follow the command of the boss behind the scenes to explore the clues of the Bai ZheFenmu Shen Alliance's secret invasion of the earth. On the other hand, he has to follow the order of Huaxiu Alliance to carry out the mission.

One side is the boss, and the other side is the superior leader. When neither of them can be offended, it is very important to learn the {Great Separation Technique}.

It can be said that {Great Clone Technique} is a required Heavenly Dao spell course for core members of the Office of Strategic Deception. Even if it cannot be directly differentiated into a person with absolute wisdom like Wang Ling, it will not be harmed by external forces. The real clone that was directly disintegrated.

Under normal circumstances, copy and paste yourself. That can still be done.

Therefore, a large part of the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception are involved in the Itinerant Immortal game. They use their avatars to perform tasks, rather than their true bodies.

In other words, even if they are trapped in the gray fog, they don't have to worry about not being able to get out.

The avatar's thinking consciousness is controlled by the main body. At that time, the avatar only needs to be released. As long as the layer of gray fog has not made their avatar real, the characters stuck in the game world will be forced offline directly.

Of course, there are also people who are too lazy to use clones and just use the main body directly.

That is Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi.

Not long after they completed their plan to secretly protect Wang Muyu, they received new instructions.

Now the situation in the entire sea restricted area is in a state of anxiety. Cracking the wall of spiritual consciousness has become a priority task. The two people immediately decided to move to the game world of Itinerant Immortal.

The two of them also have a lot of experience. As children of planes who came here from other worlds, both of them have more or less experience in judging the situation.

I feel like I can’t fight. Then there is no need to continue to waste it.

Besides, their fundamental purpose of staying in the Office of Strategic Deception is to move around and learn more with Wang Ling.

Although Wang Ming did not tell them about Wang Ling's participation in the Wall Breaker Project, Qin Zhong had his own way of making judgments.

Before participating in the game, Qin Zhong prepared a six-sided dice.

Three of the faces are marked with √. The other three faces are marked with ×.

At that moment, Xiang Yi was holding his sniper rifle, as if he already knew what Qin Zhong was going to do.

The corner of his mouth twitched. It felt like it was something he often did when he was taking exams when he was very young and encountered multiple-choice or true-false questions that he didn't know.

It doesn't matter whether it is accurate or not when others throw this. But when Qin Zhong throws this, he is throwing stones to ask for directions!

"Did Ling Zhenren participate in Operation Wallbreaker?"

Qin Zhong asked the first question. Then he rolled the dice. The side that faced up was "√".

Then comes the second question.

"Did Ling Zhenren attend with the Sun Rong girl?"

"√"

"Is Ling Zhenren also invincible in the game?"

"√"

"Apart from Ling Zhenren, Miss Rong, me and Xiang Yi, are there anyone else involved in Operation Wall Breaker?"

"√"

"Are all the people involved from the Office of Strategic Deception?"

"×"

...

"so it is..."

Qin Zhong nodded slightly when he saw this. He felt that he understood everything instantly.

"..."

Xiang Yi's mouth twitched as he watched. He complained silently. He never thought that Qin Zhong could do such an operation.

Qin Zhong then made a new round of throwing before entering the game.

The main purpose is to confirm the game professions selected by Wang Ling and Sun Rong. To ensure that Xiang Yi will not conflict with the profession.

"That's it. Ling Zhenren chose the loser. Miss Rong chose the ancient heavy-armored monk." Qin Zhong said.

He directly eliminated these two professions and planned to choose from the remaining people.

Xiang Yi's goal was very clear. He directly chose mechanics.

As a sniper, the advantage of choosing a mechanic is that you can directly target the science and technology city. Although the coordinates of birth are different for each player, it is precisely because of this mechanism of binding the city that many players have increased the chance of encounters. Probability.

After all, they are all on the same map. The probability of meeting is much higher than the probability of meeting at random coordinates within the world.

But in fact it is not that easy to operate.

Itinerant Immortal is the future city of the Ring World. It is the largest known map in the entire game world. It has an area of about 50,000 Fuyun Town. Although it is advertised as a town, it feels like a small country.

At the same time, this is also the only Grade A novice village in the world of Itinerant Immortal.

It is a modern mechanized world. It can be conquered, but it is extremely difficult. The patrol robots on the streets are all at the level of the Demon Lord of Hundred Cave. This makes many novice players intimidated. They gave up on joining together to cause trouble in the novice stage. idea.

"I knew you would choose this. I can't help it. I'll go with you. I'll choose the mechanic too."

Qin Zhong said.

He guessed Xiang Yi's choice.

The two of them were not used to being a tie-up partner at the beginning, but now they have gradually developed a tacit understanding, which also made Xiang Yi accustomed to having such a magical koi around him all the time.

"This map is very big. Even if we choose the same place, we may not meet each other," Xiang Yi said.

"It's okay. Once we get in, there will always be a way." Qin Zhong responded. He was always so confident.

So, just after the two entered the game world together, a magical scene appeared.

Xiang Yi discovered that right next to him, there was a new player who looked very similar to Qin Zhong in facial data and joined the game at the same time.

"Qin...Zong?" He shouted tentatively.

Then he saw the player looking back at him with his iconic smile: "It's me."

At that moment, Xiang Yi was almost petrified. He couldn't help but uttered a curse word: "Hua Tsai! Your koi attributes can be brought directly into the virtual game world! Isn't this cheating on the spot? !"





Chapter 2141 The game of koi


The latest website: Itinerant Immortal is a technological city in the Ring World. It is full of a sense of the future. Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi also felt a familiar feeling when they appeared here as game characters.

The base of this science and technology city was obviously transformed from the original Mechanical City in the Void Ring. That battle allowed Wang Ming to successfully obtain the blessing of the Divine Brain.

They were standing in an unfamiliar neighborhood. The surroundings exuded the faint smell of motor oil. The eye-catching neon lights were illuminated staggeredly at night. The degree of restoration was amazing.

Although the base is in Mechanical City, Bai Qiao has obviously broadened and improved on that basis. Just with this kind of environment rendering, players do not operate anything when entering the game. They can just treat it as traveling.

But now both Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi know that this is not the time to play.

Compared with the well-defined slums and the urban center of the gentry in the Mechanical City, the Technological City in the Itinerant Immortal Ring is obviously more rule of law. There are wandering mechanical eyes everywhere. This will stop some players who interfere with the game world and punish them in time. .

Mechanical City has the highest concentration of players. It is also the map where it is easiest to bump into other players in the Novice Village. In order to prevent players from fighting each other for treasures, the mechanical eye mechanism was created.

If you do something illegal and disorderly within the scope of the Science and Technology City, a star rating will be given next to the character's profile picture based on the illegality index.

The lowest wanted level is one star. The highest level is five star wanted level.

Among them, the treatment of five-star wanted is unimaginably sour. According to the game mechanism of Itinerant Immortal, once a player reaches five-star wanted, the entire search scope will directly extend to places outside the Science and Technology City.

The Science and Technology City will send a large number of police with mechanical eyes to areas outside the Science and Technology City to search for five-star wanted players. Moreover, it will be a comprehensive search by sea, land and air.

Not only the mechanical eye police in Science and Technology City, but also all the ally cities that are allied with Science and Technology City will send a certain amount of manpower to participate in this encirclement and suppression operation.

In other words, a player with a five-star wanted status is truly wanted by the Itinerant Immortal World. Except for hiding in a wild map full of dangers, there is almost no possibility of survival.

Once caught, they will be executed directly on the spot. They will lose all their equipment and return to the respawn point.

The entire capture time will last for seven days. Under such a high-intensity and intensive search, any player will be daunted.

But the same thing. If a player can successfully survive these seven days, he will get unimaginable rich rewards from the game world! As well as three special effects: permanent binding, no loss after death, and never wear out. A piece of random orange equipment!

"So. Has anyone succeeded?"

Looking at the mechanical eyes on the street, Xiang Yi felt that this was an almost impossible task.

He and Qin Zhong were standing here for a moment. They had already seen dozens of mechanical eyes passing by. It was too dense...

Once you become a five-star wanted person, it's not even a matter of whether you can survive seven days. Whether you can escape from the Science and Technology City is a question.

After all, if you really want to survive these seven days, you must first find a way to escape and look for possibilities to survive outside. If you are inside the Science and Technology City, with the density of these mechanical eyes, they will not catch you in minutes. .

"As far as I know, no one has succeeded so far. But after all, the rewards are huge. There are always people who seek death." Qin Zhong patted Xiang Yi on the shoulder and motioned for Xiang Yi to follow him.

He didn't do the novice mission directly because he felt that the rewards for the novice mission were completely unnecessary. It was a complete waste of time.

Koi play games. Of course there are Koi ways of playing.

"What are you going to do now?"

"I am the auxiliary. You are the output. Since you are the output, the first priority is to get you a weapon." At this time, Qin Zhong walked to a weapons store. Through the bulletproof glass window, he looked at the dazzling array of items inside. Gunsling said.

Yes. He wants to get Xiang Yi a sniper rifle in the game world.

"How is it? Are you interested?" Qin Zhong asked.

"These guns. They don't look very smart."

"Then let's take another look. Shop around. Don't be in a hurry."

"..."

Xiang Yi scratched his head. He smiled awkwardly and said: "But I still don't understand. Even if I can like it, you can't afford it. I just saw it. Just a weapons store like that. The lowest sniper rifle costs 100,000. Two pieces of silver. This doesn't count ammunition."

"As long as I want to buy it, there is always a way." Qin Zhong said. He still had that harmless smile on his face.

Xiang Yi has seen this kind of confidence too many times.

Although he has seen how lucky Qin Zhong is.

But this is the game world. Even if his koi attributes can be brought into the game world, this is a novice village! How can a novice carry around more than one hundred thousand taels of silver when he is born!

Qin Zhong is used to having doubts about himself. But the reason why he can be so calm is of course because he has his own way.

This is Qin Zhong’s experience gained from his many years as a koi fisherman.

While passing by a weapons store, Qin Zhong discovered that this weapons store actually had an activity to test the precision of firearms. This was originally a way for the boss to attract business and gather guests. But Qin Zhong discovered a business opportunity on this basis.

He quickly pulled Xiang Yi over.

Xiang Yi didn't understand what Qin Zhong was going to do, so he heard Qin Zhong step forward and volunteered to say to the boss: "Boss, is your gun accurate?"

"The accuracy has been adjusted. What do you think?" The boss showed disdain in his eyes.

"Let's do this. I'll be your target. If you miss, give me a gun."

"You want to be a living target?" The boss laughed: "Okay! Just the firearms on the counter. If you can dodge it, I will give you one for free!"

Unexpectedly. The boss actually agreed directly.

Xiang Yi was astonished by the high degree of freedom in the game world of Itinerant Immortal. Such a conversation is theoretically impossible. But it happened to be Qin Zhong's request. As an NPC boss, he actually agreed to it.

In fact, this is the boss’s own research and judgment.

After all, Qin Zhong's level is not high. His purpose is just to attract business, so it does not conflict with the purpose in essence. And if Qin Zhong is really shot, Qin Zhong will definitely die. He will be resurrected directly at the rebirth point.

He has nothing to lose.

A player who is only level 1. Even if his firearm is just scratched, it will be fatal.

But Qin Zhong was not afraid at all.

He walked directly into the shooting range of this weapons store and stood at the ten-meter target.

The owner of the weapon shop smiled even more wildly: "Everyone! Since this little brother has volunteered to be a target. www.uukanshu.net I naturally have no reason to refuse his request! Everyone, take a look. How accurate are the weapons below!"

As he spoke, he took out a sniper rifle in front of him and pointed it at Qin Zhong.

It’s only ten meters away! There’s no need for a magnifying glass at all. It’s really difficult to miss the target at this position!

However, the corners of Xiang Yi's mouth were already twitching.

Because based on past urine patterns, he seemed to have guessed something.

Bang!

A crisp gunshot sounded. A 12.7mm caliber sniper rifle bullet was shot from the muzzle with blue flames.

Qin Zhong folded his arms and stood firmly on the spot.

And in the end, the sniper bullet accurately landed below Qin Zhong's earlobe, leaving a hole-piercing crater on the wall of the weapons store...





Chapter 2142 Infinite Defense


Latest website: Since Qin Zhong gradually became familiar with his koi attributes, he has continued to develop based on his luck. Bullets are ineffective to Qin Zhong. If there is no strong luck to suppress him, the ballistic trajectory will be lost once he gets close. Straight off track.

Those who shoot him will also be dubbed "Masters of Body Drawing".

Qin Zhong has used mechanisms to fight through many wars in the universe. During the war, he was unarmed. He didn't wear any protective gear. He rushed directly to the front.

People thought he was here to die. Little did he know that this was the strongest human shield that was extremely lucky. He rushed directly to the front and changed the trajectories of all the ballistics aimed at him.

So will precision-guided nuclear bombs work on Qin Zhong?

Logically speaking, a weapon with a wide area of destruction like this would be useless even if it misses. The shock wave of a nuclear warhead is very strong, and there is also powerful radiation.

Even if it doesn't fall on top of your head, it will be directly vaporized if you get a little closer.

But when you encounter Qin Zhong, even precision guidance will fail.

Maybe everyone will have such an experience. When mentioning a football, you will occasionally kick the football high, but when the football falls, it still hits your head.

So even if it is a nuclear warhead, it will be helpless when encountering Qin Zhong.

Those guys who tried to use nuclear bombs against Qin Zhong all made various "mistakes" with extremely low probability after the nuclear bombs were launched, and then landed in their own base.

In the weapons store in Science and Technology City, the boss was talking loudly. Everyone around him also looked dull. No one expected to be at such a close distance.

The boss can actually miss with a sniper rifle...

The barrel of this gun is nearly two meters long...

In other words, the actual shooting distance is less than ten meters at all.

As a result, this bullet hit Qin Zhong's earlobe.

"Boss, do you mean what you say?" Qin Zhong looked at the boss calmly and said.

"Impossible! Absolutely impossible!" The boss didn't believe in evil: "Let's do it again! Don't you dare! As long as I miss, you can choose a weapon! But I'm going to hit. You don't have any. Can't take it away!"

Qin Zhong's original purpose was to equip Xiang Yi with an initial weapon. But obviously the owner of the weapon shop was completely over it.

A normal person would know that the owner of the weapons store wanted to default on his debt. But when Qin Zhong heard this, he immediately laughed. At the same time, his eyes flashed.

--There is such a good thing!

The key is that after the first bullet was fired, more and more people gathered around the weapons store. There were NPCs and many other players. Everyone was attracted by this strange bet.

Only Xiang Yi's mouth twitched when he saw it. He covered his face and smiled bitterly with a helpless expression.

He is convinced by Qin Zhong. Really respect!

Koi fish can really do whatever they want!

So just half an hour later, Qin Zhong ransacked the entire weapons store in accordance with the bet he made with the boss.

The wall panels of the weapon shop were smashed into pieces by the boss. As a result, not a single shot hit.

With so many weapons on my body, there is not enough space in my backpack.

So Qin Zhong had to negotiate with the boss: "Let's do this, boss. I only want this sniper rifle. The remaining weapons. You pay some money to recycle my weapons."

"..." The boss was about to cry but had no tears left.

He is a weapons store owner. He has actually reduced himself to the point where he has to recycle his own weapons.

Finally. The pair of Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi got a full 2 million taels of silver and a blue-quality sniper rifle at the beginning of the Science and Technology City.

This is the best sniper rifle currently available in this weapons store. Generally speaking, it is enough for Xiang Yi to use for a while.

Anyway, this is just an overused weapon in the early stages. The blue quality is already very good.

Xiang Yi smiled bitterly: "I didn't expect that. When neither of us has completed the novice tasks, the starting capital is actually two million. How do you plan to use this money?"

Yes. Xiang Yi has already called Qin Zhong brother. He just changed his title... Originally Qin Zhong was older than him. In addition, this series of operations made Xiang Yi extremely impressed.

No wonder he applied to compete with Qin Zhong before. Qin Zhong always refused...

It's not that I don't want to fight him. I'm clearly trying to give him a leg up.

It's not that he can't beat Qin Zhong. It's that he may not be able to hit Qin Zhong at all!

And we have to deal with Qin Zhong. It is obviously unrealistic to use Nine Yang Divine Sword for long-range sniping. If it is close combat, there may be a chance to agree...

But now after seeing Qin Zhong's lucky moves, Xiang Yi felt that he had given up resistance in his heart and completely gave up the idea of competing with Qin Zhong.

However, as Xiang Yi analyzed, both of them were new players who had not completed the novice tasks. They directly received a blue quality sniper rifle and 2 million credits at the beginning.

If you carry a huge amount of money with you and your level is not high enough, you can easily be targeted directly.

When they walked out of the weapon shop, Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi felt that many players had focused their attention on them. Although the public areas in the science and technology city were safe enough, there were also blind spots.

Like inside some buildings, it is not within the patrol range of the mechanical eye police. Whenever they walk in, they are likely to be directly targeted by some players who want to rob them.

Unless they stay in public areas all their lives and accept the protection of the police with mechanical eyes, otherwise once they lose the protection of the mechanical eyes, they are always at risk of being robbed.

Many people thought they were eyeing two fat sheep. But in fact, this was within Qin Zhong's expectation.

Everyone knows that big trees attract wind.

He chose to trade with the boss in the weapons store. He asked the boss to "cheaply" recycle the weapons he won. His purpose was to let some players with evil intentions focus on him.

Xiang Yi and Qin Zhong also teamed up for a while. The two people almost had the same tacit understanding at this time. Xiang Yi cooperated with Qin Zhong throughout the process. Even though he knew that it might be dangerous if there were no mechanical eyes around, he still followed Qin Zhong in. In a building.

And soon, they were targeted by a group of players. These players thought they had seized the opportunity. After the two entered the building, they followed them directly. Then they switched weapons one after another.

They still looked like legal citizens on the street. The moment they entered this building, they immediately became gangsters!

"Everyone, please pay attention. www.uukanshu.net Surround these two fat sheep! Don't let any of them go!" one of the people shouted.

The result was beyond the man's expectation. He found that Xiang Yi and Qin Zhong didn't hide at all...

Instead, he sighed, looked at Xiang Yi and said, "Are you sure? The two of us will surround ten of them."

Xiang Yi: "Not sure. But you can try."

Qin Zhong: "Kill them all."

Xiang Yi: "Is it okay?"

"It's okay. I called the police just after I came in. They were the ones who started it. The police with mechanical eyes made a decision. In this building, we have unlimited rights of defense."

Qin Zhong raised his lips and said with a smile: "In other words, even if we kill them all, it will be fine."

7017k





Chapter 2143 2 humanoid plug-ins


Latest website: This is the game world. It is normal for two level 1 novice players carrying huge amounts of cash to walk on a crowded map and arouse the covetousness of many people.

But two players who are only level 1 are faced with a total of ten players who are ahead of them in level siege. They keep claiming that they have surrounded ten people in turn. This is a bit outrageous!

The leaders would never believe that Qin Zhong would say such arrogant remarks in front of them.

"The person with the lowest level here is also level 6. Do you know what this means?" The leader smiled. He was not a mechanic. He was an immortal sword with a level 12 level. Apparently he came from other maps. Came here.

The ten people here formed a small team with him as the leader. During the novice period, find a big brother with familiarity and experience to take the lead. This can avoid many detours.

Therefore, in this ten-person team, it is not surprising at all that such a level 12 sword immortal player appears. However, the opponent is not taking action at the moment. Qin Zhong cannot yet tell what genre the opponent is from.

In the game world of Itinerant Immortal, there are only ten main professions. But each profession is actually divided into many different ways of playing.

For example, take the profession Sword Immortal. There is a fast-attack Sword Immortal that focuses on agility. It focuses on attack speed and movement speed. It depends on the character's sensitivity.

There is also the violent sword Immortal. As the name suggests, all attribute points are added to strength. The equipment and the equipment are all equipped with attribute points that add strength. This can ensure the maximum output. Moreover, when adding strength, it also has an impact on blood volume and energy. The weight-bearing capacity has been improved to some extent. It is very suitable for collecting materials as a part-time worker in the early stage.

"You're only level 12. I don't think it's very high." Qin Zhong shrugged and smiled helplessly.

He really wasn't afraid at all.

Just as this Sword Immortal player said, in their team of ten, the one with the lowest level is five levels ahead of them.

This also means that even if Xiang Yi has a blue sniper rifle in his hand, if the bullet is shot without a headshot, he will kill the player at level 5. However, one shot cannot be taken away.

And there are many people on the other side. They can give each other supplements and milk each other. This forms an endless cycle.

Therefore, although Qin Zhong boasts that he will kill all ten people in Haikou, he still needs to pay attention to some tactical thinking.

Fortunately, in this team of ten people, only this level 12 player is an immortal sword. The rest are just mechanics. So as long as he can grasp the method of this sword immortal, he will have confidence in his heart. .

"You have two million with you now. Let's do this. I'm not unkind. You keep one hundred thousand and give the rest to us. I can be more peaceful and won't do anything to you."

The player of this sword immortal said while the other hand had already put his hand on the hilt of the sword: "Of course. If you don't obey me... don't blame me for being rude..."

As soon as he finished speaking, the spiritual sword in his hand was already shining faintly. He didn't take action first simply because he was afraid of the mechanical eye. Although there were no other buildings in the building, if the fighting was too loud and they didn't escape in time, they would still be attracted in the end. Mechanical Eye. Increase crime star rating.

If you can rely on negotiation and some skill to get the money, why not?

This sword immortal player is a seasoned player. He won't attack first. But he can intimidate.

For example, right now...

He used

--Sealing Spirit Sword Technique!

A ray of blue sword light flashed past the eyes of Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi. Finally, it converged into a blue Bagua Seal and fell from above their heads.

"It turns out to be the immortal sword..." Xiang Yi suddenly realized when he saw this.

This is a popular genre in the Itinerant Immortal magic circle. The feudal sword immortal is just as the name suggests. It is a sword immortal that does not follow the conventional route. The attack and speed are not as fast as the traditional sword immortal route. The attribute distribution is usually 4 wisdom 1 A lucky match. Or 5 wisdom.

This is an auxiliary type of faction, but it is very popular. As long as there are teammates who cooperate, it is a radiant profession.

Now Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi understand why this level 12 sword immortal came to the Machinery City to find 9 players to be his younger brothers. He is responsible for sealing. So as mechanics, the nine younger brothers only need to take advantage of their opponents to be sealed. Just focus your fire and shoot. Simple and crude. Foolproof.

But this is only if the seal can hit...

The sealing mechanism in the Itinerant Immortal magic ring. In addition to the bonuses brought by the player's own attribute points and skill proficiency, the level difference is also the key. The higher the level difference of players. The sealing rate of high-level players against low-level players There will also be some improvement.

Therefore, Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi were defeated as soon as this Spirit-Sealing Sword Technique was used.

It turns out that the immortal sword is not a traditional sword that specializes in strength and agility...

It’s actually a seal type!

Xiang Yi covered his face. They all felt pity for this sword immortal player. You are playing with a koi to seal... Then this is not a proper act of seeking death...

So, it was no surprise at all. When the sealing disk fell from the sky and was about to approach Qin Zhong's head, a string of miss light effects immediately appeared on Qin Zhong's head.

This means. This level 12 sword is immortal. Its seal did not hit.

"Your luck seems to be really good today. This didn't seal you." Players of this sword immortal were also surprised. There is a chance of failure in sealing. With his skill proficiency and attribute points. In addition, with Qin Zhong, Xiang Yi's level difference. The hit rate of the seal will be 65%

Once hit, Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi will not be able to leave the coordinate point for the next 30 seconds, and will not be able to use any skills.

So seeing that his first shot didn't hit, the sword immortal player immediately became more energetic. This time he fired four shots in a row. He directly summoned four sealing disks and put them on Qin Zhong.

Four magic disks. The probability is 65%. There is always one that can hit!

The result was still far beyond the expectations of this Sword Immortal player. Because after four consecutive attempts, they were all misses!

"What the hell...what the hell!" players of this sword immortal are wondering.

The next second, there was a bang!

The sound of a sniper rifle shot penetrated the ears of everyone here. Along with the harsh gunshot, a level 9 mechanic in the ten-person player team flew directly backwards!

There was a bullet hole between his eyebrows. He was shot directly in the head!

Such a tricky location. www.uukanshu.net can be called a knowing blow!

Even with the astonishing level gap, the player was still severely injured. No one thought that Xiang Yi would choose to shoot at this time!

This is because I didn’t find a good sniper angle. Secondly, I don’t have a sight multiplier... is this okay?

No one has reacted yet.

The result was another bang! A sniper rifle shot!

The second level 8 mechanic flew out like a scarecrow. Then he turned directly into particles and disappeared in front of everyone.

Two bullets. Two were taken in succession. All bullets were fired!

But this time, someone noticed Xiang Yi's actions. He did not use conventional sniping techniques...

"It's a blind sniper!" someone exclaimed.

7017k





Chapter 2144 4 Elephants


Latest website: After the second person was eliminated with a headshot, the Immortal Sword began to realize that the two level 1 players he encountered were not ordinary level 1 players. Instead, they were two self-propelled humanoid plug-ins.

Just based on his feeling, he completed a headshot at level 1 by using a sniper and a blind sniper. If the possibility of software plug-ins is ruled out, it proves that this player in reality is a sniper who can skillfully operate a sniper rifle.

This is a human physics plug-in. Otherwise, such accuracy would never be possible.

The game world of Itinerant Immortal has always been very strict about cheating. Therefore, it is basically impossible to have software cheats. It strictly maintains the fair order of the game world. This is also one of the main points that many players admire about the game Itinerant Immortal. one.

As an old sword immortal player, this level 12 feudal sword immortal is just Li Ziye’s trumpet. He has met many high-end players. Many old players can perform outrageous actions at low levels in the game world without any worries. strangeness.

Li Ziye could find 10,000 reasons to convince himself that Xiang Yi might be a walking physics plug-in. But no matter what, he couldn't figure out what was going on with Qin Zhong...

This doesn’t mean it’s cheating, right?

It’s just a matter of probability!

The problem is that the sealing spell of his sealing sword Immortal has a 65% sealing probability. It actually missed 5 times in a row!

Damn, I really saw a ghost!

What's even more outrageous is that Li Ziye also found that he was almost out of mana... The consumption of sealing spells was already huge. Although Li Ziye ordered the passive skill of "Calm and Calm", it can be refunded as long as the seal hits. The skill costs 60% mana.

But the problem is. He didn't hit even once!

Li Ziye almost cried. He saw everyone around him being sniped one by one. The initial domineering and smile on his face was no longer there.

He knew that he was stepping on the wall. It was an immortal sword with full intelligence. Although it was not without any lethality, under such circumstances, Li Ziye still did not dare to attack Xiang Yi and Qin Zhong directly.

These two people are so weird. It doesn't look like the operations of a novice player. So Li Ziye is also thinking about whether Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi still have large numbers.

If I take action now, is there any possibility of retaliation in the future?

Although the game world is large, boss-level players have many props. It is too easy to find someone to mobilize their power. Squeezing someone out is like squeezing out an ant.

"Wait! No more fighting! Stop it!" In desperation, Li Ziye made a decision. He called on the other frightened players around him to put down their weapons.

But even so, this decision was obviously too late, because while Li Ziye was thinking about it, Xiang Yi blindly sniped three more people, and... all of them had their heads shot.

In other words, Li Ziye's original team of ten people now has only five left.

Seeing that Li Ziye had taken the initiative to show his kindness, Qin Zhong also winked and signaled Xiang Yi to stop shooting his head.

The shooting feel and recoil of this sniper rifle are too real. There is not much difference between it and reality. Xiang Yi quite enjoys the feeling of this headshot.

"What's wrong? Didn't you say you want to kill us all?" Qin Zhong crossed his arms and raised his eyebrows.

He and Xiang Yi were both people who had seen big scenes. The postures the two people put up made Li Ziye's cheeks sweat. It made him even more convinced that these two people were definitely not novice players! And there must be a big player behind them!

"Giving up in time is the only way to stop losses. I'm blind to the truth. The two eldest brothers have big sizes, right? Misunderstanding! This is all a misunderstanding!"

Li Ziye said with a smile: "This is originally the game world. The jungle is strong and the strong eats the strong. When I see you walking on the street with a huge sum of money in your pocket, who can not be suspicious of you?"

This was true. Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi looked at each other in confusion.

Then Qin Zhong looked at Li Ziye and asked: "It's like you said. Normal people would be a little bit suspicious of us. But it seems a little wrong that you are the only one who robbed me."

"You two don't know. These are the rules in the Mechanical City. You may have just come into contact with this profession. But I have a big one who is a mechanic. So there are unwritten rules between the map here and the players. Or more Or at least familiar with it."

Li Ziye said: "There are indeed many people who want to rob you. But there are rules. In a civilized society, we must use civilized robbery methods. If we fail, others will target you later." "

"How is the order determined?" Qin Zhong asked.

"This is very simple. Just roll the dice. Three dice. The one with the higher number will be given priority. It continues the rules of forming a group to play dungeons."

"No wonder. I said there was murderous intent outside, but I didn't attack in. The reason is this." Xiang Yi couldn't help but murmured in a low voice when he heard this.

He opened his mouth and asked Li Ziye: "You guys didn't come up with the rules of this Machinery City, right?"

"It was originally saved by a guild called Sixiangzhong. Later it was continued." Li Ziye said.

Four elephants.

Qin Zhong muttered the name.

It always sounds a bit familiar.

Soon the memories came to his mind quickly.

He heard Lord Diu Leipu talk about this sect.

And it actually exists in the real world.

This is the branch that evolved from the Wuji Sword Sect founded by Jian Immortal Fan Rui. It is called Si Xiang Zhong. The founder of Si Xiang Zhong is actually the disciple of Jian Immortal Fan Rui. And most of these disciples are from the evil Jian Shen. disciple.

With such a crooked master, his disciples are naturally not much better. Now everyone in Sixiang is a real S-class wanted criminal.

Now Xie Jian Shen is still serving his sentence in Songhai City Number 1 Prison. Sixiangzhong had previously launched a notice against Songhai City Number 1 Prison, saying that they would directly rob the prison and rescue Xie Jian Shen. But so far, they have not done so. A movement.

So now Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi are thinking about a question.

That is the guild in the game called Four Elephants. Is it possible that it was founded by the fugitive members of Four Elephants?

Because the behavior patterns are really similar. But Qin Zhong, Xiang Yi currently has no evidence at all.

Of course, we do not rule out the possibility of fans of Sixiangzhong establishing a guild in the game.

That's right. Although the Four Elephants have done many evil things, they still have fans. And this kind of organization that symbolizes rebellion and distortion can usually attract a group of die-hard fans who are willing to spend money and cover for it.

The International Cultivation Police Department previously suspected that it was these fans who had provided cover for the members of the Four Elephants, which was why they had not been able to catch them.

"Let's do this. I wonder if the two masters can cooperate?" At this time, Li Ziye said: "You just pretend to have been robbed by me. In this case, others will not stare at you. You don't need to hand it over. Money. Just leave the blue sniper rifle to us for safekeeping temporarily."

"Then this is too fake." Qin Zhong sighed.

He knew Li Ziye's plan.

But he and Xiang Yi are both veterans. How could they be deceived so easily?

At this time, Qin Zhong patted Xiang Yi on the shoulder and said to Li Ziye: "Look, what level is my friend?"

"Shit! Why is this level 7?"

"I killed five of you. www.uukanshu.net will be upgraded directly."

Leap level counter-attack. This directly improved Xiang Yi's character experience.

And that's not even the most outrageous thing.

Because Li Ziye discovered that Qin Zhong had also been upgraded.

Li Ziye was shocked: "Why have you reached level 5..."

Qin Zhong: "I gained experience on the sidelines. So I reached level 5."

Li Ziye: "..."

Qin Zhong Tan Tanshou: "So in this situation, you can't make demands on us. It should be that we tell you what to do."

Li Ziye: "..."





Chapter 2145 The top players in the gaming world


The latest website: In front of a huge secret altar. Many guild people gathered here. A giant Hei Long corpse a hundred feet long was dumped in front of everyone. The blood protruding from its mouth directly turned into a lake of blood. Its body shape was like a stretching mountain. . After struggling for a while, he finally died.

This is the Hei Long Cave secret realm with a recommended challenge level of level 65 in the Itinerant Immortal spell ring. There is no level restriction for entering the dungeon. However, there will be a forced kill mechanism. Players who enter this dungeon with a level lower than 55 will be subject to 5 attacks from the dungeon monsters. Doubles the damage and increases the probability of abnormal status by 1x...

Therefore, the players gathered here are at least level 55 or above.

The giant Hei Long is the big boss of the dungeon. After being attacked by several guilds and hundreds of players in total, Hei Long finally fell.

The huge body of Hei Long was dumped in front of everyone. The shock was self-evident. The monks who had never seen a dragon in modern times experienced the feeling of slaying a dragon.

According to the previous challenge rules, after everyone works together to kill the large boss, the presidents of several major guilds will roll the dice as representatives.

It's still the old rules. Three dice. People with more dice points can have priority to touch Hei Long's corpse. The selection is made by the system according to the number of people in the entire copy. The treasure chests will be distributed fairly.

After the president has selected the treasure box, he can return to the guild and let the members participating in this instance continue to roll the dice. Continue to click on the treasure box in order and get an item from the treasure box at random.

The level 65 Hei Long Cave is a rare high-difficulty dungeon in the Itinerant Immortal game world. The difficulty rating reaches 15 stars.

Survival difficulty:★★★★★

Reward Index:★★★★★

boss difficulty:★★★★★

Faced with such a dungeon, it is still very difficult to do it with the power of one guild at this stage, because no guild can find that many players with a game level of 55 or above.

Therefore, at this stage, cooperative challenges between guilds have become the only option to challenge high-difficulty dungeons.

A flying elephant covered with armor. The huge tusks curled upwards like a horn. A majestic man carrying a giant sword laughed loudly after rolling the dice: "I'm sorry, everyone. This time, the box will be given priority. Look. Here we come again, the Four Elephants."

He was very lucky. He just rolled the key and got 18 points. The probability of such a leopard point was very low. After seeing this, the other guild leaders shook their heads and sighed.

This is the result of the system's judgment. It is impossible to cheat. So they are very helpless.

When the next few presidents threw, they saw that no one was there and the sieve rolled out eighteen points. The man riding the armored flying elephant drove his mount across the blood lake and flew towards Hei Long's body.

"This Xiongwu. Why is he so lucky every time?" Many guild leaders were suspicious when they saw this scene. Several of their guilds and the Four Elephants had downloaded dungeons several times. Although each time they successfully killed the final Boss. Even though the process is difficult, Xiong Wu, the guild leader of Sixiangzhong, is the first to collect the treasure chest every time.

The key is that the points are determined by the system. Itinerant Immortal's cheating method is notoriously strict, so it is completely unrealistic to say it is cheating.

"It's better to recruit talents quickly. As long as you don't cooperate with them in the future." A guild leader said. He was riding on a white horse with wings. The flying mane of the horse looked very silky. The whole body was shining. It has silver lines. It looks very extraordinary.

He is the president of the White Horse Guild. Li Bai.

The entire White Horse Guild is almost all stargazing Taoist players.

He is an indispensable and important member of the next dungeon. Most of the stargazing Taoist priest's professional skills are related to perception. In order to improve the survivability in high-difficulty dungeons, stargazing players are usually required to explore and clear the way to eliminate dangers ahead.

"Hey. But without them now, it would be impossible for us to challenge Hei Long Cave alone." Another guild leader sighed.

President of the Shanye Villagers Guild. Mangshan.

He lives up to his name. His profession is a rural roughneck. This is one of the professions that is very suitable for novices to open up wasteland. He has rough skin and thick flesh. In the key start, you can also choose to bring a spiritual beast as a partner.

Professional skills are related to the domestication of spiritual beasts.

A high-level rural wild man player can even directly tame the spirit beasts that appear in the dungeon in high-difficulty dungeons to become his own combat power. Although the spirit beasts in the dungeon cannot be taken out of the dungeon, it is indeed the key to increasing combat power in disguise.

At the same time, these domesticated dungeon spirit beasts can also be used as tool beasts for pathfinding in conjunction with the professional skills of the stargazing Taoist priests. For this reason, the exchanges between the two presidents of the White Horse Guild and the Yamano Murakuo Guild are very close.

One can provide combat power and human shield. The other can be used to detect paths, sense and avoid risks. It seems like a perfect combination. However, it does not work when facing high-difficulty dungeons.

They rely on Sixiangzhong. This is a last resort.

After all, the current Guild Leader of the Four Elephants Guild, Xiong Wu, is a representative player of the violent sword immortal genre. He can provide huge output.

Moreover, Xue Hu, the vice-president of the Four Elephants Guild, also completed the faction switch under Xiong Wu's guidance and became the most popular feudal sword immortal.

Almost all the most popular schools in the entire immortal sword profession were founded by Xiong Wu, the president of the Four Elephants. This made everyone in the audience convinced.

The key is that my luck is ridiculously biased. I can open the treasure chest first every time. What is the principle and mechanism of this? It makes the guild leader in the field very depressed.

The current dilemma is that they have to rely on the violent output and sealing capabilities provided by Immortal players. And they cannot get rid of it in the short term.

In the past few days, except for the Four Elephants Guild, the other guild leaders are actually saving their lives. They are thinking about whether they can get rid of the Four Elephants and prepare a game alone to challenge the Hei Long Cave.

But in fact the result has always been failure.

Even if they work hard to get to the final boss level, without the violent output of the Four Elephants Guild Master's sword, the damage will still be so low.

Even though this is a game world, a situation where one family dominates is not what the other guild leaders want to see. The sword immortal profession was originally a common profession, but now it has almost been outplayed by these people from the Four Elephants.

And most Sword Immortal players will choose to join the Four Elephants. Li Bai, the president of the White Horse Guild, thinks this is a very bad trend.

"This Four Symbols Group was not a good organization in the real world. But now it has become famous here. Isn't this an attempt to whitewash the Four Symbols Group?" Li Bai sighed.

His impression of the Four Symbols was not very good to begin with, because he knew about the history of the Wuji Sword Sect in the real world. This was a branch of the sword sect founded by the evil sword immortal Evil Jian Shen.

Who is the Evil Jian Shen?

An arrogant person who deceives his master and destroys his ancestors. Even the few direct disciples of the Four Elephants that he established did all kinds of evil. As a result, someone created a guild like the Four Elephants in the game world. Even the name of the guild president was unknown. Replicate the names of wanted criminals.

This made Li Bai very suspicious whether those people behind the manipulation of game accounts might actually be members of the Four Elephants in reality.

Unfortunately. He has no evidence.

And if he expresses his opinions directly like this, there may be the risk of being made irresponsible remarks, thinking that he cannot afford to play, and directly isolating him.

"Since the two presidents are so troubled, have you ever thought about taking the initiative to seek cooperation?"

Just when Li Bai and Mang Shan were having headaches, a player with six-character bangs appeared in front of them. This man bowed and was polite.

What surprised the two of them the most was that they discovered that this player was only level 30!

"Oh my god...Level 30...Guigui. How did you survive here?"

Mangshan felt incredible.

In the past, there were actually low-level players in the guild who joined the team to gain experience. Neither Li Bai nor Mang Shan objected. Although they usually died directly in the early and middle stages of the dungeon before they could survive.

After all, players whose level is lower than 55 will have a mandatory punishment mechanism. They will receive 5 times the damage from the monsters in the dungeon and double the probability of abnormal status.

Anyone who can survive to the last level below level 55 is indeed a talent. www.uukanshu.net

Li Bai glanced at the visitor's message.

This is still a member of his White Horse Guild. But his chosen profession is not a stargazing Taoist priest. Instead, he is a rare sealer.

The Sealer is recognized as one of the most difficult initial professions. Because you need to collect keys in the game world and open the ancient broken scrolls that come with you. The blood volume is also very low. You have to run around to open the ancient scrolls. It is very easy. will die.

Therefore, very few people choose this profession.

Therefore, in the eyes of many people, the profession of sealer itself has a mysterious veil.

"Just good luck. I just used a little bit of positioning."

The man smiled. Zuo Yi said: "If the two presidents are short of talents, I think it is better to take the initiative to seek cooperation. I would like to recommend Fuyun Town. The two presidents, maybe you can go to Fuyun Town and take a look."

7017k





Chapter 2146 Couple Sealer


Latest website: Li Bai glanced at the player ID of this sealer from his guild.

ID name: Guozi

He had no doubts about Guozi's words. Although he could not be familiar with every player in the guild, since he could enter his own White Horse Guild, it showed that this person had at least passed the three guild leaders and deputy guilds. Only after layer-by-layer review by the president can you join the White Horse Guild.

In addition, the place name of Fuyun Town made Li Bai feel particularly familiar.

"I remember this place seems very familiar. Where have I heard it before?" Li Bai touched his chin and thought.

"It's probably the place where the Hundred Cave Demon Lord was killed nearby," said Mangshan, the guild president of Yamano Villager. He obviously also paid attention to Fuyun Town.

Wang Ling At level 1, he single-handedly killed the Baidong Demon Lord near Fuyun Town. This incident was announced on the World Channel. All players in the game have seen that shiny place name.

A Baidong Demon Lord near Xinshou Village was directly killed by Lian Guo. This incident seems unbelievable to many people.

So old players quickly thought of two possibilities. That is, either a boring boss went to the novice map to do this. But the probability of this guess being correct is very low. Because usually players above level 30 The time cost and benefits for players to do this are completely disproportionate.

For players above level 30, playing dungeons with a group every day is already exhausting.

The second guess is that there may be old players who have opened a novice account nearby. They have thoroughly studied the Baidong Demon Lord and killed this Baidong Demon Lord in the novice stage.

The next most likely operation is to borrow the Demon Lord Token of the Baidong Demon Lord to gain control over the monsters. Let the monsters work for you to build the town.

The possibility of this guess is higher than the first one. And it has been verified so far.

Because both Li Bai and Mangshan had seen the gleaming second system announcement.

In the announcement, the system shows that Fuyun Town has completed the town upgrade!

From killing the Hundred Cave Demon Lord to upgrading the town. That all happened in one day!

So. Maybe there are really big players who open trumpets there...

After passing the Hei Long Cave dungeon, Li Bai and Mangshan, who were originally a little dissatisfied with the Four Elephants, felt that they had discovered a brand new path to alliance after being reminded by this "pot" player.

"Guozi. You recommended us to go there. Do you know something?" Li Bai got off his mount and patted Guozi on the shoulder.

"Of course." The pot guy nodded repeatedly: "And I also know the profession of the person who killed the Hundred Cave Demon Lord."

"What profession?"

This is undisclosed information. It makes Li Bai and Mangshan very curious.

They pulled the pot aside and communicated using a three-person team private chat channel.

Guodu didn't hide anything. He said bluntly: "Waste wood."

"What? Good-for-nothing? Did I hear you right? This profession... can also kill the Demon Lord of Hundred Cave in the novice stage?" Mangshan simply doubted his ears after hearing this.

In his opinion, this is completely impossible. Because the loser is a late-stage profession. The space for manipulation is too low in the early stage. It is also one of the professions that is least recommended for novice players in the early stage.

Because there are too many surprises and the attributes and abilities in all aspects are not outstanding, it is easy to die one after another in the novice stage.

"Not necessarily. Mangshan. Although the operation is not easy, Mangshan. But if you are a big-shot player, you may be able to perform miracles."

After Li Bai heard this, although he was equally surprised, he was more calm than Mangshan.

He calmly analyzed: "Being able to choose a loser to start the game means that this guy already has a considerable understanding of all major professions. If he can get high-level skills at the start, the experience will indeed be different."

"Getting high-level skills at the beginning? Is it possible?"

"It's impossible for other professions, but the probability of being useless is higher. The professional balance of Itinerant Immortal's magic ring is here. Hasn't anyone else evaluated it? Although the accidental probability of useless is high, it is compared to other professions. The probability of triggering hidden tasks is also higher. And..."

Li Bai frowned slightly and said: "This profession can be played as a casual player. This is also a major mechanism for useless players. He can learn all professional skills."

"That's it...he's a full-time master!" Mangshan suddenly became enlightened after hearing this.

After doing this, they immediately felt how awesome the useless player from Fuyun Town was.

But the fact is. Wang Ling is really the first time to play this game of Bai Qiao.

After learning about the situation, Li Bai and Mangshan quickly thanked Guozi.

"Thank you, Guozi! When you download the dungeon, you can come directly to us. We will help you upgrade."

They said this.

This is not a courtesy, but a promise to do what you say. The players of Li Bai and Mangshan have very good reputations. This is why Guozi likes them.

"It's easy to talk about. Then, two presidents, I won't bother you. I don't have a mount. You can just go there quickly. As far as I know, there are many players who are looking for cooperation in Fuyun Town." Guozi said.

"Okay! Got it!"

They respond.

Then after looking at each other, they took out the teleportation scroll in their arms in a tacit understanding. Throwing it into the sky, they opened the teleportation circle and planned to teleport directly to the location closest to Fuyun Town. Then they flew directly over on their mounts.

They all directly used the teleportation scroll...

This thing is a rarity in the Itinerant Immortal magic ring game world. All magic weapons related to space teleportation capabilities are of high value in the game world.

Whether it is a magic weapon with a limited number of uses or an unlimited number of magic weapons, a space magic weapon with unlimited use times can even sell for a sky-high price!

After the two left, another Sealer player named "Lu" approached the pot: "You just let them pass?"

This is a female gamer. She seems to be a couple with this pot guy. She stepped forward and fiddled with the pot guy's bangs with her fingers and said.

"There is no way. Master is short of people. I have been observing for a long time before recommending these two people." Guozi sighed.

I am afraid that even Li Bai and Mangshan would not have thought that this player named Guozi is the famous urban hero Zhuo Yi in the real world...

Guozi is his pseudonym in the game. It is very reasonable and appropriate.

As for "LV", it is naturally Jiugong Liangzi. Jiugong directly took the word "Gong" and removed the "Bao Hijab" as his own game ID.

"So what do you want to do next?" Jiugong Liangzi asked.

Zhuo Yi chuckled. He looked at Xiong Wu who was dividing the treasure chest with the Four Elephants and others: "Tell me. www.uukanshu.net What will happen if I fool the Four Elephants and others again?"

"This person doesn't seem to be willing to cooperate. If we can't reach an agreement, he may choose to attack directly. Get rid of Wang Ling and Rongrong."

"Yeah. You're right."

Zhuo Yi nodded meaningfully: "But what I want is for them to fight..."

Having said this, he walked straight towards Xiongwu and began to repeat the previous operations with Li Bai and Mangshan Anli Fuyun Town.

At the same time, the guild IDs of him and Jiugong Liangzi were also directly modified simultaneously. They turned into "Members of the Four Elephants Guild"...

No one can imagine. Zhuo Yi's identity with Jiugong Liangzi. Not just a gamer in the world of Itinerant Immortal.

At the same time, it is also a person with certain operating rights. gm...

7017k





Chapter 2147 Talent Recruitment Interview


Latest website: Two sealer couples with only level 30 came to negotiate with him. This surprised Xiongwu. Although most of the players in the Four Elephants Group are sword immortals, there is no hard and fast rule that they are not allowed to recruit. other players.

After all, the game has the option of changing jobs after reaching level 50. As long as you contribute enough to the guild, you can continue to stay in the guild and transfer to sword immortal. Even if you contribute enough, it will be no problem even if you don't change jobs.

But two level 30 sealer players mixed in the team and made it to the last level unscathed. This aroused Xiong Wu's huge interest.

"You two can actually get here." The reaction was the same as that of Li Bai and Mangshan. Xiong Wu expressed shock. Even if the low-level players in this dungeon have everyone's cover, only a handful of them can get through to the last level. Countable.

The boss of the last level of Hei Long Cave is Hei Long. Just one impact of Roaring Xiao may cause players who are not satisfied with the level to die directly under the punishment mechanism.

Zhuo Yi and Jiugong Liangzi did not reveal their faces. The two sang and talked about cross talk.

Jiugong Liangzi: "The president of the White Horse Guild and the president of the Shanye Villagers Guild. They have both set off for Fuyun Town. I don't know what is so strange about Fuyun Town."

Zhuo Yi: "Joke!?"

Jiugong Liangzi: "It is said that there is an old player over there. I want to recruit him."

Zhuo Yi: "Is something wrong?"

Jiugong Liangzi: "It's absolutely true. It's just that I think our Four Elephants Guild has so many talented players. Players that can be targeted by Li Bai and Mangshan must be extraordinary."

Zhuo Yi: "Okay!"

As the couple sang along, Xiong Wu became a little more interested. He had seen the name of Fuyun Town several times from the system notifications.

A novice town can be on the system announcements one after another. This thing itself is not very scientific.

He originally had no interest in Fuyun Town. But when he heard that Li Bai and Mangshan had already passed by, an inexplicable sense of competition suddenly arose in his heart.

Xiongwu has such a character. No matter what, it is very boring to only enjoy yourself. You have to fight with others and snatch things from others. This is interesting.

So he didn't think much. He quickly took out a space teleportation scroll and teleported to the place closest to Fuyun Town. He planned to fly directly there on his mount.

In just a blink of an eye, the three guild leaders used teleportation scrolls to leave for Floating Cloud Town. This scene also alarmed many surrounding players.

And Zhuo Yi went there for the purpose of building momentum. When these three conferences are moved, it can be said that it affects the whole body. It is equivalent to advertising Fuyun Town to the people around them in disguise.

This gives Wang Ling and Sun Rong more rights to choose talents.

But Jiugong Liangzi is still a little confused at the moment: "Your purpose is just to lure them to fight? It shouldn't be that simple, right?"

In the private chat channel. Jiugong Liangzi communicates with Zhuo Yi.

"That Xiongwu. Really Xiongwu." Zhuo Yi replied.

Jiugong Liangzi didn't react at first when he heard these words. But soon his face changed with shock: "This...can't be right? Are you talking about the really powerful one from the Four Elephants? This is a really wanted criminal." ..How dare they?"

"Although it is a registration game using a fake ID, and the name is also misleading. After all, the name of the wanted criminal is directly used to show off. In most cases, people will not think that this is a real wanted criminal. "

Zhuo Yi said: "I was just testing his reaction. According to the information, Xiong Wu has such a character. He likes to compete with others. And the most important thing is his gesture with the sword."

"Any questions?"

"I have been observing for a long time. His posture when holding the sword is very strange. He is not a habitual one-handed sword user. It is obvious that he is more accustomed to using two-handed swords. And Xiongwu is a large sword swordsman in the data. He is also a swordsman. The person with the highest cultivation among the four elephants."

Zhuo Yi frowned and said: "He has been hiding here and there over the years. There is no news. I still don't know where he is hiding. I didn't expect that he is actually playing this game."

"..." Jiugong Liangzi heard this and didn't know what to say.

Use the game to locate the wanted criminal and arrest him. This was the first time he had heard of this operation.

"Can this... be caught?"

But Jiugong Liangzi still has some doubts about this.

Locating wanted criminals is one thing. Maybe they won't be caught, but that's not necessarily true.

If the other party notices this, they can just log off and escape.

"I have already asked Mr. Ming. Locate first. As long as he can find the accurate location, he can remotely control the game cabin to activate the citizen mode."

"Good Citizen...Model..."

"At that time, the game cabin will automatically close. Capture the criminal. At the same time, start the rocket thruster to automatically eject the entire cabin. Fall to the nearest police station within the game cabin."

"But this game cabin... isn't that strong! This is an internationally wanted criminal. It will definitely be broken open!"

"It's impossible to break."

Zhuo Yi shook his head. He smiled and said: "The game cabin has a simple remote attunement spell, Talisman, built into it. This is what Bai Qiao asked my master to design when he originally developed the game cabin. It is just for necessary situations. Next, the entire game cabin can be reinforced. In other words, the current Xiongwu cannot escape even if it has wings."

...

Xiong Wu, who was immersed in the game world, never thought that he would be plotted like this.

At the same time, the urban construction plans of Wang Ling, Sun Rong are also going smoothly. In addition to the expansion of scale, the happiness index of urban residents is also improving in an orderly manner.

The most important thing is that because of Lao Huang's joining, "Wolongs" from surrounding towns have gradually begun to pour into Fuyun Town.

And Lao Huang surprisingly became the interviewer for talent recruitment together with Sun Rong.

Facing all kinds of talents. Sun Rong and Lao Huang have similar ideas. In addition to combat-oriented talented players, players with flexible economic thinking are also very important.

Therefore, the criterion for measuring talent is not just equipment and level. Whether you have a flexible mind is also another aspect.

For example, the young man who is interviewing in front of me has a square face and a short haircut. His thick eyebrows and beady eyes are very iconic. He looks a bit mean.

"Hello HR guys. My name is Zhuang Xian. Male. My profession is a regretter. My level is 15."

The young man named Zhuang Xian said: "I came to Fuyun Town. Of course it's not because of my rank."

He pointed to his mouth: "I can reach level 15. I rely solely on my sharp tongue... So you two HRs, please listen carefully. In the future, I will be more interested in the food in our town." Planning?"

"Food planning?"Sun Rong's eyes lit up: "Are you in the food business?"

"In reality, I am just a cook." Zhuang Xian nodded and said.

"How about some crispy noodles?"

"No. www.uukanshu.net Where is the money in junk food?"

"..."

"That's right. I am engaged in franchising a chain of hot pot restaurants. I think that in the future, we in Fuyun Town need a hot pot restaurant franchise center. In this way, we can attract players from the entire game world. Through us, we can build a unified franchise store."

Zhuang Xian revealed his grand blueprint for a hot pot restaurant: "As long as we have enough resources to guarantee it, and invite powerful star players to endorse it, and promise to return the money regularly, I believe there will be many interested players."

"What should I do if the management is not good?"

"It's harmful. Franchise is a voluntary act. What can we do if the management is not good? Anyway, as a brand owner, we will definitely not lose money. At worst, we will just run away!"

"..."

Hearing this. Sun Rong had already put a red seal of [rejection] on Zhuang Xian's name. Then he looked at the back of the crowd: "That...next person..."





Chapter 2148 Crouching Dragons Gather


Latest URL: Sun Rong and Lao Huang are very clear. What they want is Wolong, a true talent. Even in the game world, there is justice and morality. They are determined not to do this kind of behavior that tarnishes their reputation. Will do it.

Of course. Some people will think that this may be just a game. No one will take it too seriously. But the problem is the game world of Itinerant Immortal. Everything is too real.

All players who feel the purity of the air in this world and breathe in the fresh air in the game world will not feel that this is a false world.

What's more, the world is now also suffering from the influence of some evil forces. It is gradually becoming real.

Wang Ling is sitting in the General's Mansion. He uses his Number 04 Eyes: the Eye of the Soul of Virtual Reality to observe the changes in the game world.

He observes the game world through backward reasoning.

A series of cold digital codes. They seem to be disordered, but in fact there are rules to follow as long as they can understand them. He can use the codes to perform reverse deductions, so as to see the essence through the phenomena.

Today, outside the General's Mansion, there is a long queue at the temporary Wolong Recruitment Office. There is an endless stream of applicants recommended for interviews, covering the entire street.

The happiness index of cities and towns is rising steadily. The gathering of talents is one of the ways that the system determines to add points to the happiness index of cities and towns.

In a short period of time, more Wolongs have gathered in Fuyun Town. The happiness index will also increase, thus attracting more players.

This is a forward cycle.

Of course. In addition to real players, there are also NPCs who automatically enter Fuyun Town to participate in the election due to the increase in the town's happiness index.

The difference between real players and NPCs. Lao Huang has his own method.

That is to directly conduct the Turing test.

First, tell with the naked eye whether this person is a robot player generated in the world of Itinerant Immortal. Then just ask the question directly.

And the question must be repeated.

For example, below is the conversation between Lao Huang and a suspected NPC player.

"What's your name?"

"Li Qiushui."

"What's your name?"

"Li Qiushui."

"What's your name?"

"Excuse me, HR. Are you deaf? My name is Li Qiushui."

"Okay, it's okay..."

After repeated questions, the robot player did not answer the questions in a fixed sentence according to the questions preset by the code. This is enough to prove that this is an ordinary player.

Of course, the above situation cannot be generalized. After all, there are some very "dog" players who will even use the "Turing Test" through reverse psychology in order to hide their identity.

No matter how many times you ask the same question, the answers will be exactly the same. It makes people believe that this is a real NPC.

For example, they are very suspicious now...Wang Ling...

Well, although this was not the first time that they had doubted the general from Fuyun Town, they just felt that this general felt weird from beginning to end.

Mainly, they also conducted a Turing test on Wang Ling. Good guys. As a result, Wang Ling did not fall into the trap. They asked countless questions. Every time Wang Ling answered the answer. Exactly the same.

Moreover, some questions were asked after a long interval. The answers were still the same as last time.

This forced them to believe that this general was a real NPC. Secondly, even if he was a disguised NPC, Lao Huang felt that this man was too dedicated...hundreds of questions! He had to remember hundreds of questions. Fixed answers. Then answer every time they choose. You can't travel. How dedicated you are...

It would be a shame not to become an actor.

With such powerful acting skills and line memory skills, even the best actor had to kneel down after watching it.

So Sun Rong and Lao Huang thought that no matter whether this player is real or fake, just treat him as fake... After all, he can have the energy to memorize the answers to so many questions. And the answer is never The person who made the mistake must be given some respect.

Sun Rong and Lao Huang orderly select thoughtful players to build towns. Many players already have their own main jobs in the real world. And the experience of these jobs can also be applied to the game.

For example, 3D modelers. Modelers usually also have the ability of designers. Therefore, they are very good at overall map planning of towns and urban environment beautification.

Another example is the serious chef. The chef is a sub-profession in the Itinerant Immortal game. It is different from the scammer who persuaded people to join and open a store. The serious sub-professional chef is in the Itinerant Immortal game. In the gaming world, it is undoubtedly a high-income profession.

Directly choose [Thief] to start the game. The high luck attribute bonus can often be used in the chef as a sub-professional. If there are not enough ingredients, you can steal them through the thief's professional skills in the early stage. The luck value also means that the chef can cook dishes with high attributes. Additional dishes.

Very useful for strategy copies.

Although the attribute bonus of food is temporary, these high attribute bonuses are often the key to the strategy copy. In the same way, the thief turned alchemist and the thief turned weapon refiner are also the mainstream choices of players at present. But pills and refining It is very difficult to obtain the materials for the weapon.

So in the early stage of the game, choose chef as a sub-career to start, and sell it by cooking. After earning funds, you can find a way to change your job to become an alchemist or an alchemist. It is also a path of steady progress.

Lao Huang and Sun Rong spent a long time choosing together. There were many people who came, but the number of people they liked was very limited. There is a difference between choosing to stay in Fuyun Town for development and being directly recruited into Wolong.

The town recruitment mode and the guild recruitment seem to be similar, but in fact there are essential differences in treatment. The guild is owned by the president. Whether the distribution in the guild is balanced or not depends entirely on the conscience of the president.

The Wolongs who are recruited into the town will fairly distribute their income based on their contribution to the town. As long as you invest enough energy, you will never be treated badly.

This is also the reason why many players want to be recruited into Crouching Dragon. There is no other reason.

Just two words: fair!

fair!

Yes. Fair!

At this moment. www.uukanshu.net A group of shadows in the sky covered the queue of players below. A group of beautiful white Pegasus came into view. At the same time, a village man riding an armored griffon caught the eye. husband player.

"Excuse me. Is the Wolong Recruitment Office here?" The handsome young man on the white horse asked with a smile.

Everyone was attracted by the two men's mounts.

Being able to control flying mounts is enough to prove that the levels of these two players are not low. They must be at least level 50 or above.

Are even level 50 players coming here to apply for jobs?

Many players in the queue couldn't help but secretly complain. This is too involution!

Lao Huang stood up and looked at the two people with squinted eyes. He felt that the two people looked familiar...

Isn't this...the president of the White Horse Guild and the Yamano Villagers Guild?!

Old Huang was shocked.





Chapter 2149 Tian Ke 4 Xiang Zhong Sun Rong


Latest website: There are many players in this world. Those who can have their own names among the vast number of players are rare. Li Bai and Mangshan are two special cases.

Thanks to the rankings of the White Horse Guild and the Yamano Murakuo Guild, both of them have famous names. Guilds like this that are established with the same profession as their attributes are often more cohesive than other professional guilds.

Although the professions are fixed, the gameplay is indeed endless. A group of players with a common interest in the same profession gather together to work hard and develop new routines together. This is the unique charm of the two major unions from an outsider's perspective.

It’s Li Bai and Mang Shan!

In addition to Lao Huang, other players who lined up to apply for Wolong recognized the two of them. Their thoughts on joining Fuyun Town became more determined.

These are the presidents of two major guilds!

Players at the boss level. Even such bosses choose to join the novice village. This shows that there is indeed something in Fuyun Town.

Many players were shaken in their hearts at first. Now that Li Bai and Mang Shan are here, they suddenly have a strong sense of belonging to Fuyun Town.

Many people also showed surprise in their hearts. While they were stunned by the appearance of Li Bai and Mang Shan, they also began to marvel at the methods of the person behind Fuyun Suppression.

What kind of player is this? Can he actually create such a novice village in such an impressive way?

Regarding this, the expressions on Sun Rong and Lao Huang's faces were undoubtedly helpless. Although Sun Rong now began to doubt whether the Fuyun Town general was an NPC pretended by the Zhenren player. But the other party's acting skills were really It was so exquisite that she couldn't find any flaws. She couldn't bear to expose it.

If it is really an NPC player, everything Sun Rong is doing now is all due to the giant main quest that this NPC issued to him.

That is to build Fuyun Town.

As for when this main line will be completed, even Sun Rong himself doesn’t know. But as long as he can complete the upgrade and various construction activities in Fuyun Town, Sun Rong will be able to get a huge experience reward. .

Her level has also surpassed that of Lao Huang by 10 levels as the town has been upgraded. And Lao Huang has also risen by 5 levels.

So now Huang's level is level 38. Sun Rong is level 48.

A novice village. A level 48 ancient heavy armored monk player. This is outrageous!

"I'm really sorry for disturbing everyone's recruitment. Mangshan and I are here to discuss whether we can build our branch guild in Fuyun Town. But the process of this matter is very long. I'm afraid of wasting everyone's time. I'll just wait for everyone today. After the recruitment is over, I'll come back to discuss it."

On Pegasus. Li Bai's reply was polite. He didn't want to be offended. It was rumored that high-level players bullied low-level players based on their level and status.

All replies follow his personal style. They are very polite and rigorous. They are refreshing. They don't feel bullied at all. Instead, they have a sense of equality.

This is also the impression many players have on Li Bai.

As for Mangshan...

Everyone also knows that he has a very good relationship with Li Bai. The two often hang out. Compared to Li Bai, he has a more informal style and is very righteous. Sometimes he will personally lead a team to help low-level players clear dungeons.

But sometimes when the beating gets too much, all kinds of vulgar words come out. But when Li Bai is around, it's much better.

Basically, Li Bai did what he said. He just had to follow the example.

I saw Mangshan hammering his chest. He laughed and said, "Me too!"

Everyone: "..."

But to everyone's surprise, such a harmonious scene was quickly broken by a sudden person.

Not far away, a large number of people and horses came with flying swords. The leader was riding the iconic armored flying elephant. Behind him were more than a dozen members of the guild. This group of people was surrounded by a huge crowd of people in the sky. Come. From a distance, there is a strong sense of oppression like dark clouds pressing over the city.

"It's the Four Elephants!" Many people in the city of Fuyun Town recognized this posture. As soon as they saw that they were members of the Four Elephants, and it was led by Xiong Wu, many people immediately felt that something was wrong. .

It’s not just Li Bai and Mang Shan. The rest of the novice players, as long as they are not Jian Immortal players, almost all have some complaints about the Four Elephants. They bully newcomers and organize robberies in the game. Those are all things the Four Elephants have done.

Although this is just a game. If you die once, you will lose equipment, experience and levels. You will also be resurrected at the rebirth point. However, bullying others is still unpleasant.

The most important thing is that everyone is still helpless against the arrogance of Xiong Wu and others. They really have the capital to be arrogant. The multiple routines of this professional sword immortal were all developed by the members of the Four Elephants headed by Xiong Wu.

It's like an intellectual property developer. If you use other people's routines to play games, at least the people who use the routines won't be able to criticize you.

As a result, Xiongwu has gained many loyal fans of sword immortal players.

If Xiong Wu came here alone, everyone would know what this guy wanted to do. It was nothing more than robbery.

But now Li Bai and Mang Shan are also present. Everyone knows at once. This matter is going to become more complicated. It has become a battle between the two forces.

Li Bai and Mangshan can be regarded as one party, while Sixiangzhong is obviously the other party.

"Fuyun Town. Tell me! How much can you pay? You can sell it to me. I, the Four Elephants, have decided to accept it!"

On top of the armored flying elephant, Xiong Wu opened his mouth with wealth and wealth. There was a simple stone box in his hand. After opening it, an orange glare emitted from it.

"The Orange Box!" Many people saw this scene and were horrified.

This is an equipment box that can open random equipment. The orange light indicates that you will definitely get an orange equipment!

In the eyes of other players, this thing is priceless!

"This is the box I just got from Hei Long's cave. I haven't confirmed the box opening yet. But everyone has seen it. You can get an orange equipment 100% in it. I want to use this orange equipment box. Replace this one. City. It shouldn't be difficult, right?" Xiong Wu said confidently.

The difficulty of obtaining orange equipment is extremely difficult in the world of Itinerant Immortal. The overall value is overflowing.

Now Xiongwu directly took out this box in exchange, which made everyone find it hard to imagine.

But Lao Huang laughed and didn't buy it at all.

He secretly said to Sun Rong: "Don't be fooled. With this guy's character, even if he gives you the orange box, he will definitely let the boys in the guild snatch it back after you open it."

Sun Rong Liu frowned slightly. Of course she knew the stakes here. Seeing that Xiong Wu wanted to take the city by force, she quickly said: "Wait a minute!"

"Oh, you are the deputy city lord of this city? In other words, the upgrading of Fuyun Town and the annihilation of the nearby Baidong Demon Lord are more or less related to you?" Xiongwu squinted Sun RongAt a glance. When the player saw that this was a heavily armored monk, he couldn't help but burst into laughter.

In his opinion, this profession is not very useful. It is too novice-oriented. It has thick health, but the damage is too low. It does not pose a threat to him at all.

He could even kill Hei Long, let alone a mere heavy-armored monk.

At this time, Xiong Wu pulled out his sword and pointed it directly at Sun Rong. There was a threat in his words: "Speak. Will you give me your city or not?"

"This gentleman, isn't he a bit too domineering? There are many masters in Fuyun Town." Sun Rong took a deep breath. She felt Xiong Wu's arrogance and domineering attitude, but she was not afraid at all.

"Overbearing? Sorry. I've always been like this!"

As soon as he finished speaking, the sword in Xiong Wu's hand burned like a flame. Then he drew a crescent-shaped sword energy and attacked Sun Rong!

He reserved his strength. He never used all his strength. His purpose was just to injure Sun Rong as a deterrent.

Li Bai and Mangshan were both worried. They called Xiongwu shameless!

As for Xiong Wu, he said while swinging his sword: "I'm sorry. My hand slipped..."

Buzz!

As a result, the sword energy landed on Sun Rong's armor...

The damage value turned out to be: 10!

Many people couldn't help but rub their eyes when they saw this. They thought they had seen it wrong.

This is powerful!

There are 60 levels!

Beat a level 48 player. www.uukanshu.net Even if you swing the sword without using full force, it won't only deduct 10 blood points!

Sun Rong smiled.

She now knows why she exists. Maybe there really is a nemesis in this world.

To be brave is to be strong.

But no matter how strong it is, it is impossible to imagine it.

Sun Rong has a divine skill [Jian Lai Gong] in his body at the initial stage.

The damage of all sword attacks benefits from the passive ability of [Sword Lai Gong]. When hitting Sun Rong, it will be directly reduced by 75%! Not only that. In addition, Sun Rong is also rough-skinned and thick-skinned. Ancient heavily armored monk.

It can be said that it may be much easier to kill Hei Long than to kill Sun Rong for the current Sixiangzhong Sword Immortal players...

7017k





Chapter 2150 Invalid Attack


Latest website: Sun Rong relies on the divine skill {Sword Come Skill} that he suddenly realized at the beginning. In addition to reducing sword damage by 75%, each time he is attacked, he can also superimpose a layer of passive abilities. .

That is: while gaining 1 permanent agility attribute point, each level of passive ability will also determine the number of spirit swords that Sun Rong can control at the same time.

Currently, the level of Sun Rong is level 48. In other words, as long as you carry a sword weapon with a level no higher than level 48 and a special effect sword weapon with [unlimited level], Sun Rong can easily carry it. control.

I don’t know if it was God’s will that allowed Sun Rong to have such a natural ability to restrain herself. It can only be said that when Sun Rong faced the crowd of four elephants in Wuyangyang, she was holding such a divine skill. Indeed, there was no such thing. A little bit of fear.

On the contrary, I really look forward to this group of sword immortal players cutting more swords for themselves so that they can stack their passive abilities.

As for the level of damage, it seems that Sun Rong can only be described with the word "gua sha".

Now Sun Rong's level is as high as level 48. He is a high-armor ancient heavy-armored monk with level 48 all-point defense attributes. He is still wearing the full set of purple equipment he got from following the general of Fuyun Town to attack the Hundred Cave Demon Lord. .

The current Sun Rong not only has extremely high defense, but also has an astonishingly thick health bar.

5000 health. Almost as much as an early map boss.

And Xiong Wu's sword looked majestic, but it only cut off Sun Rong 10 points of blood.

"How could this happen..."

Seeing this incredible scene, the hearts of the players of Sixiang couldn't help but feel a wave of excitement.

Many surrounding players also showed expressions of watching the fun. They originally had no hope for this level 48 associate deputy general. However, they did not expect that the strength of this deputy general was beyond their expectations.

He was holding a big sword. Xiongwu, who is famous in the gaming world for his high burst damage! The founder of the violent sword Immortal... ended up cutting off 10 points of blood with one strike of the sword. It was simply outrageous!

"Your Excellency really has a good piece of equipment..."

The sword strike just now was very embarrassing. And Xiong Wu was also trying his best to find compensation for himself. He attributed the damage result of 10 points of blood to Sun Rong's magical equipment.

"You must have a [post-strike] special effect equipment on you, right?"

In the Itinerant Immortal magic ring, there is a very low probability that equipment will trigger different special effects when it is dropped or forged.

For example, the [unlimited level] weapons mentioned earlier are weapons that can cross levels. Even if the weapon level is higher than the character level, it can still be driven.

Another example is the [never wears off], [does not drop after death], etc. on Lao Huang. They are also special effects.

The [post-strike] mentioned by Xiong Wu is a life-saving type. It is a special effect that may only appear in armor or accessories. When the special effect is subjected to a high-damage attack, the first damage can be limited to a very small value range. Inside.

But this value is usually 100 or several hundred. At least, there are dozens.

But at 10 o'clock...

This is the first time for many players here to see it.

There is no doubt that you have such a special effect equipment. Its value is higher than ordinary orange equipment even if it is purple quality. Because it is so rare!

It can directly resist the initial burst attack. It is very helpful for the next dungeon and PVP.

But in fact, Sun Rong is very clear about her situation. She knows that she does not have such special effects equipment at all. It is just a high defense and a thick health bar.

But Xiongwu is obviously tough. He doesn't believe that he can even kill Hei Long. Killing a heavily armored monk would be so laborious! His big sword struck Hei Long on the mountain of dragon scales. His skin was instantly torn apart and his flesh was bloody. of

"Next blow. I'm going to be serious!" He shouted while riding on his flying elephant in the void. In the next second, his appearance changed. His long golden hair was scattered. Even his pupils turned dark gold. The color burst out with a strange light.

The door owner...has switched to violent mode!

Many people were silent about this scene. And Li Bai and Mangshan were even more familiar with Xiong Wu's image transformation. This is because this is Xiong Wu's common operation in the dungeon. By superimposing various special effects on the equipment, such a seemingly transformed effect can be achieved. . Not only the attributes in all aspects are increased several times, but also the halo bonus and changes in hair color and eye color attached to its special effects can make Xiongwu completely transformed in a short time, creating a slight sense of oppression.

"It's too much. Just relying on your rank to show off your power."

Mangshan couldn't stand it anymore. He was about to step forward to help, but was stopped by Li Bai.

Li Bai: "Let's take a look first. If there is really any danger, it won't be too late for us to take action."

Li Bai has a good sense of people. From the first moment he saw Sun Rong, he felt that this deputy general was not a simple person. And he always had a feeling. The feeling first struck Sun Rong. The 10 points of blood caused by the knife were definitely not caused by the equipment's special effects.

soon!

Xiong Wu's next attack began. Golden flames covered the sword. A larger golden moon slashed across the sky. It was accompanied by flames and electric light. There was a constant sizzling sound from above. It was extremely terrifying.

The power of this sword light seemed to be enough to break mountains. But Sun Rong still chose to stand still in the face of this sword. She did not dodge at all. It was as if she was determined to take this sword.

In the end, the two collided, and a deafening sound broke out again. Smoke and dust were scattered all around under the collision, and then dispersed little by little with the strong wind.

Everyone rubbed their eyes. They were shocked to find that Sun Rong was still standing there. She was as thick as an immovable Five Elements Mountain. She showed a demon king-level defense ability!

Take a look at the damage. Compared to the 10 points of damage just now, Xiong Wu's blow was indeed done with all his strength... causing three times the damage to Sun Rong!

A full...30 points!

Everyone was startled. Almost everyone was stunned. Is this definitely a blow in which Xiongwu switched to the violent flow form? It only cut Sun Rong 30 drops of blood...

How outrageous!

Many people were shocked. Between Sun Rong and Xiongwu. After checking for more than ten levels...the total damage of two attacks against an opponent higher than their own level was not even 60!

It didn’t even reach the passing mark!

"Let me just say. www.uukanshu.net This deputy general is not an ordinary person." Li Bai said. He was completely relieved. Although this Fuyun Town is a novice village, it is indeed a hidden dragon and a crouching tiger. And this heavy armor monk school has him This is also the first time I've seen it. I'm very curious about how Sun Rong stacks up its defense so high.

"I've never seen someone who can block damage despite the level difference..." Mangshan said the same thing.

"I think it's not just the deputy general who is ordinary. The old Mr. Huang sitting next to the deputy general is also not an ordinary person." Li Bai said: "Have you seen it? The weapons on his body will never wear out. Death It hasn’t fallen yet...could this be something that ordinary people can have?"

"Brother Li Bai, I understand the truth. But we just want to know. This deputy general and Wolong are so outrageous. Then how perverted is the general behind Fuyun Town?" Mangshan said in surprise.

At this time, in the general's mansion, Wang Ling slowly opened his eyes.

He is observing everything silently with his own god...

7017k





Chapter 2151 Director Wang’s performance


Latest website: Thinking of the majesty of the guilds than the Four Elephants. The inventor and creator of various schools of the immortal sword profession. In terms of various paper data. Whether it is in terms of professional advantages, equipment quality, and equipment special effects. Sun Rong is all It cannot be said to have an absolute advantage.

Fighting against level differences has always been regarded as taboo in the game world of Itinerant Immortal. This is an impossible act. What's more, Sun Rong is far inferior to Xiongwu in all aspects. It is even more unacceptable. Many players are optimistic about it.

But a "miracle" happened. Sun Rong's defense was as strong as an indestructible mountain. It neutralized all sword attacks.

Even Xiongwu felt emo after Xiongwu's two swords were down. He was a man who could kill even Hei Long... the thick-skinned Hei Long in Hei Long's cave. He was holding a big sword. He couldn't do anything with two swords. The skin and flesh are torn apart.

But when it comes to the deputy general in front of him, his whole brain is buzzing. He feels that the guy he is facing cannot be judged by the psychology of a normal player.

After eliminating all possibilities, the only possibility left is...the player in front of me may have mastered a "divine skill"!

Although this is just a guess. But if it is true...

Just for a moment. Xiongwu was jealous.

Isn't this what he has always dreamed of?

After traveling around the world of Itinerant Immortal for so many years, he relied on the experience he accumulated little by little to achieve one remarkable achievement after another.

Use your best field in the real world to analyze professions. Then create various schools. Then use the influence of the schools to win over people's hearts, establish a guild, and lead the group to download dungeons to obtain pieces of equipment.

Let all those who follow him have the illusion that this copy will never survive without him.

With the acquisition of pieces of orange equipment, and the growing number of guilds, the Four Elephants, a guild composed of professional sword immortal players, has become famous in the game world of Itinerant Immortal.

It can be said that Xiong Wu achieved everything he wanted in the game world.

Stronger equipment, more powerful summoned spiritual beasts, and more gorgeous mounts. Wait a minute!

But now, the only thing he is missing is the legendary divine skill.

This is currently recognized as the most difficult item to obtain in the world of Itinerant Immortal spell rings.

The skills of professional factions are relatively fixed. The strongest skills are only of purple quality. Orange-quality magic skills can only be obtained from hidden tasks with a very small probability.

The thing he had been chasing for so long... ended up being acquired by a new player in the Novice Village...

This made Xiong Wu jealous.

The confrontation between foreign parties. Wang Ling is watching it.

He could also feel the deep jealousy rising in Xiong Wu's heart.

It is difficult to obtain divine skills. From the perspective of Wang Ling, this is a normal phenomenon. After all, when Bai Qiao designed the game Itinerant Immortal, all the programming logic inside the game was based on the real world of cultivation. Designed in a frame.

What is the concept of divine skills?

Directly corresponds to Heavenly Dao.

It is not easy for a normal monk to comprehend a Heavenly Dao.

Even some monks who have been practicing Buddhism for thousands of years can only get a glimpse of the outline of Heavenly Dao.

Therefore, if you want to understand the divine skills, even in the game world, when Bai Qiao has modified a certain probability, it is still difficult to reach the sky.

But Wang Ling, Sun Rong are different.

Because they themselves know Heavenly Dao.

Although Sun Rong doesn't understand. But now Sun Rong has the passive ability to merge with Aohai's human sword. Aohai understands!

"Impossible! You must be cheating! I'm going to report you!" On the mount, Xiong Wu was very direct. He held a big sword and pointed it at Sun Rong. He stared at Sun Rong's avatar crazily and wanted to click [ Report] button.

At the same time, the system also received a prompt that [your report has been submitted as feedback].

However, this is of no use.

Because in the outside world, Wang Ming is in charge of everything. He is the operator of the entire backstage. He didn't even read Xiongwu's report letter to Sun Rong, so he dismissed it directly.

It didn't even enter the deliberation stage. It just disappeared...

At the same time, Xiongwu's fight against the epidemic also aroused discussions among many players at the scene. They had never seen Xiongwu lose his composure like this before.

"Why do you say someone is cheating? What evidence do you have?"

"It's just her! The game is not even 48 hours long. She can actually have divine skills on her body! This is simply impossible!"

"You can't get it yourself. It doesn't mean that others can't get it. It's just a matter of probability! And this deputy general is obviously not a new player. Otherwise, how could the level rise so fast? Maybe the other party would have known about it a long time ago. There is a way to obtain skills through hidden tasks!" A player below who supported Sun Rong retorted online.

"You are really a nest of snakes and rats...I think your town in Fuyun is rotten to the roots!"

Xiongwu became angry and yelled.

At this time, Li Bai and Mangshan also dismounted their mounts. After all, they were worried that Xiong Wu would take action against these players who told the truth.

But Xiongwu still refused to admit defeat. He gritted his teeth and glared at Sun Rong: "You lieutenant general! Are you cheating! Why are you running Fuyun Town as an agent! You don't have a business license! Do you belong!" Illegal business!"

When Mangshan heard this, he couldn't bear it anymore. He stepped forward directly, then stepped on the ground in front of him: "Retreat! --Retreat! --Retreat!"

Xiong Wu couldn't help hearing this. His sword was ignited with blazing fire again. His body size increased dramatically, and he used his strongest technique.

The body size difference is several times that of Sun Rong. The majestic figure at this moment is like a giant bear. He transformed into a giant. The body that covers the sky and the sun is covered with shadows. Like black clouds pressing over the city, the person in front of him is covered. The players were all covered.

But even so. He still won't be Sun Rong's opponent.

In the general's mansion, Wang Ling watched all this. He knew that he was no match for her.

She also knew that he was no match for her. Even if she stepped on him, Xiong Wu would even be directly injured by Sun Rong's high-intensity defense.

but...

Wang Ling did not want Xiong Wu to step on it.

So the critical moment.

Wang Ling took action.

His figure was like a ghost. www.uukanshu.net In an instant, he was in front of Sun Rong.

No one thought that the main general of Fuyun Town would appear in public at this time.

No one expected that this general from Fuyun Town... was only level 1...

Level 1?

Isn't this just a matter of seeking death?

Xiongwu is a level 65 sword immortal professional player!

A few players who are beyond the current world level!

However, looking at the blood volume, everyone here couldn't hold back.

Because this level 1 player...

There are one hundred million (10000/10000) drops of blood!

7017k





Chapter 2152 Director Wang’s performance


Latest website: The critical moment. Wang Ling appeared instantly. The leader of Fuyun Town and a city lord-level figure suddenly attracted everyone's attention.

Many people focused their attention on it. They saw that the nickname displayed above Wang Ling was indeed different from that of ordinary players. It read [General Fuyun Town]. Even the font color was consistent with the NPC.

This is the benefit of having multiple identities. If Wang Ling wants to, he can also change his nickname display to [Floating Cloud Town Baidong Demon Lord].

As long as Wang Ling doesn't take the initiative to expose himself, no one will ever know his true identity for so long.

Even though Sun Rong, Lao Huang had long suspected him. However, there was no evidence at all to prove that Wang Ling was a real person and not just an NPC in the game.

The two of them have tested Wang Ling many times. Their attitude has changed from being stubborn at the beginning to being calm now. Just like Sun Rong said.

They passed the Turing test. They asked Wang Ling hundreds of questions. As a result, Wang Ling had a specific answer to each question. And even if they messed up the order, they asked again. Wang Ling's answer Still nothing wrong.

This is outrageous!

Originally, Sun Rong's defense was so high that it looked like a city wall in the eyes of everyone. The high-defense heavy-armored monk with 5000 drops of blood was considered a rare species. It was a rare creature like a panda.

but...

They have never heard of an "NPC" with 100 million drops of blood.

wipe!

How can there be an NPC with 100 million drops of blood! Even the boss Hei Long in Hei Long's cave only has 5 million drops of blood!

Is a creature with 100 million blood real?

Many people saw Wang Ling appear. There was an expression of disbelief on their faces. They never thought that in the game world of Itinerant Immortal, there was actually a level 1... strange creature with 100 million health. .

Can this really exist in the game world?

Many people were confused.

The scene immediately fell into silence.

Li Bai and Mangshan fell into deep thought.

Even Xiong Wu, who was so arrogant before, became silent.

At that moment, Xiongwu felt that the voice he just spoke seemed to be a little louder...

He shouldn't be so arrogant...

But the current atmosphere has already reached this point. It would not be a heroic style to back down at this moment.

You must know that the members of the Four Elephants who are following Xiongwu at this moment are all the core players of Sword Immortal. Which one of them is not an elite of Sword Immortal taught by him personally?

Now, although the "NPC" standing in front of me has enough health to scare people, it is only level 1 after all!

Xiong Wu secretly told himself in his heart: There is nothing to be afraid of!

Itinerant Immortal magic ring. But it has the strongest check and balance mechanism. Although an NPC like this has high blood volume, its defense must be very low! He may lose hundreds of thousands of blood with one strike of his sword!

But what Xiongwu didn't expect was that he was right in thinking so. Wang Ling, who has 100 million drops of blood, had the same idea.

He was thinking about how many drops of blood Xiongwu's sword would cut off him?

Wang Ling possesses two god-level techniques. One is {Heavenly God Descends to Earth}, which is mainly used to stack up the blood volume. The other is {{Heaven Changes Fate}. This is specially used to overcome level differences and skip levels. Passive ability to counter-kill.

In the map in front of him, the four elephants were approaching fiercely. Xiong Wu alone was 64 levels ahead of him, plus the other players.

Now Wang Ling has already obtained thousands of attribute points just by using the god-level technique of {Going Against Heaven and Changing Fate} to reverse the level difference.

In other words, his comprehensive attribute value is several times higher than Sun Rong. The defensive power is not the city wall. It is the 24k titanium alloy dragon iron skin!

"I don't care who you are. If you stop our Four Elephants, you will be dead!" Xiong Wu held a big sword. He was angry at the arrival of Wang Ling. At the same time, there was an unknown fear in his heart. After all, a creature with 100 million blood He hasn't seen him since he started playing the game. It's really outrageous.

Wang Ling acted very blandly. He didn't take Xiong Wu's words seriously at all.

He raised his sword fingers together and used spiritual energy to transform the sword in front of him. He directly cut a deep ravine. It was burning with golden fire. The hot flames shocked everyone.

This is another immortal method that no one has ever seen...

While Wang Ling was meditating in the General's Mansion, he also mastered countless spells by trying to figure out Bai Qiao's programming thinking. Now open the skill tree of Wang Ling. The number of skills on the tree is so dazzling. And all of them are orange.

It can be said that the current Wang Ling is a complete bug even in the game world of Itinerant Immortal.

"You are looking for death!" Xiongwu stepped forward. He finally couldn't bear it any longer. He held a big sword and struck at Wang Ling.

He knew very well that the gully cut by Wang Ling was a warning, telling them not to cross the pond. Otherwise, they would bear the consequences.

But just like Xiong Wu knew.

The current atmosphere has reached this point. He can no longer back down. Otherwise, the reputation he has finally accumulated will be directly destroyed and become the laughing stock of everyone here.

Soon he moved. After getting off his mount, Xiongwu held a big sword. His seemingly bulky body was actually extremely fast. Xiongwu was the founder of the violent sword immortal. He was also the first general in the Itinerant Immortal game world. A player with a two-handed sword whose attack speed is above 5.0.

It is difficult for ordinary greatsword players to increase their attack speed!

But Xiongwu relies solely on equipment and various equipment enchantments to improve his attributes to the extreme!

Five swords per second can actually be achieved by a violent sword player. This makes many people feel incredible.

Wang Ling stood motionless. He was still wearing the general mask of General Fuyun Town. His whole body was covered with light armor.

Just as Xiongwu approached, countless golden swords appeared behind Xiongwu. At that moment, every player on the scene could clearly feel the pressure brought by Xiongwu.

"Sword! Come!"

He roared. For a moment, the big sword in his hand, accompanied by the shadow behind him, turned into thousands of sword lights and struck simultaneously.

"Incarnate into thousands of thunders... This is the trick that Xiongwu uses against that Hei Long..."

Both Li Bai and Mangshan played several dungeons with Xiongwu. They were both shocked by Xiongwu's decision.

He actually used all the tricks to deal with the last Hei Long in the most difficult dungeon. www.uukanshu.net used it directly against an outsider NPC...

When this move hit Hei Long, it was a critical hit with at least hundreds of thousands of blood!

Then Xiongwu needs to cool down for a long time before using it a second time. This is a big move that cannot be used continuously in a short period of time. It is one of the few unique skills that Xiongwu can master.

Li Bai and Mang Shan have the same view. After all, this general from Fuyun Town is only level 1...

Although there is a lot of health, the defense may be very impressive. This powerful move has been used. Hei Long's damage is hundreds of thousands. So it must be at least millions of damage to Wang Ling. ?

The result was very fast. The value that popped up was beyond everyone’s expectation...

Xiongwu's damage to Wang Ling is...

miss...

7017k





Chapter 2153 Director Wang’s performance


Latest website: This is a result that no one expected. It is beyond the expectations of every player here. Everyone has imagined the damage value of Xiongwu's sword. It must be in the millions. Or maybe hundreds of thousands. There are also.

Although I didn't expect that this sword would only hit an outrageous number of single digits. But it was a bit unacceptable that it didn't hit.

When a capital letter "miss" came into everyone's eyes, and slowly disappeared above Wang Ling's head with a very silly text effect, everyone watching the game took a breath of air.

This ending was something no one expected. The purple miss text was right above Wang Ling's head. But it was dazzling like a sun.

However, an even more surprising scene happened immediately. After Xiongwu struck with his sword, the "General of Fuyun Town" emitted streaks of golden light from all over his body, like a bright sun directly penetrating the entire void.

At this moment, for the first time, the game world of Itinerant Immortal felt like a god had descended.

Wang Ling's body slowly floated up. It slowly rose to the sky.

He sighed softly. Although he had never thought that Xiong Wu's sword might not cause much damage to him.

But it was a direct miss. He didn't expect it.

And because of this "miss", Wang Ling accidentally realized the new god-level skill {{Eight Desolations and Nine Heavens Technique}} when he was sitting in the general's mansion and stacking his passive.

This is also a skill programmed according to Heavenly Dao's logic. Its passive ability is automatically triggered when it avoids an attack with a damage value exceeding 100,000 points.

In other words, Xiongwu's sword just now did a lot of damage. It could cut down at least 100,000 health points. For Wang Ling, it could cut off a fraction of his own health bar of 100 million. This is already It's quite an achievement.

But it's a pity. Because Wang Ling's dodge value is also higher than that of other players. Coupled with the high luck attribute, this allows Wang Ling to directly avoid damage.

Then. {Bahuang Jiuxiao Jue} was triggered...

This is originally a life-saving magical skill. When the skill is triggered, it can maintain real time for 10 minutes.

In this 10-minute state of the exercise, Wang Ling will also obtain the following effects.

Attack speed +200%

Skill cooldown time -95%

Spell consumption mana consumption -95%

Each attribute value +500 points

Physical resistance +75%

Spell resistance +75%

Negate the enemy's physical resistance +75%

Negate enemy spell resistance +75%

The effect of your spell with the highest mana cost will be increased by 200% after being activated.

Your mount's speed +200%

If there is no mount, it will be +100%

Your spirit beast's loyalty will not be compromised during this period

You can summon more spirit beasts than the maximum limit to fight

Your spirit beast will also receive 20% of all your attribute points as a bonus

During combat, the opponent's spirit beast will be weakened by the aura of this skill by 60%.

All enemies cannot summon new spirit beasts

All enemy attributes reduced by 20%

...

Wang Ling glanced at this attribute gain table, which looked like it was cheated. The whole person immediately fell into deep thought.

In fact, he thinks that using the word "invincible" can directly summarize all the above content?

It doesn't have to be so troublesome...

But I can only say that Bai Qiao is indeed Bai Qiao. Wang Ling It can be seen that these arrangements are definitely carefully designed by Bai Qiao. They are the holding attributes set based on the rationality of the game.

You know, the reason why Itinerant Immortal is favored by so many players is simply because this game is fair enough.

The probability of getting everything is fixed. And everyone has a chance to get it.

It's just that so many outrageous god-level orange skills will appear on one person at the same time. This probability is really rare.

"I believe it now. This is definitely an NPC... How can a normal player be so outrageous?" Mangshan crossed his arms with an expression as if he was watching a show. At first, he thought that the general of Fuyun Town looked like a real player pretending to be one. .

But now, he would rather believe that Wang Ling is an NPC. Because it is really too outrageous. Although Mangshan and Li Bai have long heard that the probability of obtaining the orange divine skill in the Itinerant Immortal magic ring is as low as dust. But once you get it, it's a qualitative leap.

Xiongwu has been thinking about clearing the dungeon of Hei Long Cave so many times to open the treasure chest. Isn’t it just for an orange god-level skill?

As a result, the things they never see appear again and again in the same player.

"Trespassers. Death."

Wang Ling is still standing behind his own cordon. The magic halo superimposed on his body is dazzling. Standing under the sun, he shines brightly. At this moment, he himself is the sun. It makes people feel extremely strong.

Even if no action was taken, the amazing sense of oppression was still there. Many people below felt a sense of suffocation. Under this sense of oppression, they all felt that they could not breathe.

Bang! Bang! Bang!...

Off the field, the members of the Four Elephants riding their mounts all felt the mounts under them emit huge panic. They disappeared one by one and were frightened directly back to their psychic land. They became a group of people. A cloud of smoke.

Then, those Immortal players with the Four Elephants' Sword fell uncontrollably from the sky one after another, creating a personal pit on the ground.

Everything happened so suddenly.

The pressure brought by the general in front of him is really suffocating.

The most unbelievable thing is that the other party's... is only level 1!

This is really the strongest combat against level differences.

Xiongwu gritted his teeth. No matter how stubborn he was, he knew that the outcome he would face if he tried hard would definitely be a dead end. Once he died in battle, he would lose not only money, but also the hard work he had endured every day. I finally got the orange equipment in the copy.

Even if it was for the sake of taking the overall situation into consideration, Xiong Wu felt that he had to calm down now and not rush forward.

But as soon as he retreated, the glory of the Four Elephants no longer existed.

In the days to come, the rules of this game will be completely rewritten. Those newbies who know that there is such a general guarding the city in Fuyun Town will definitely come here to do tasks and seek refuge, right?

For a moment, Xiong Wu had a lot of thoughts.

Wang Ling interpreted Xiong Wu’s thoughts through the gods.

Do you want him to protect so many players?

That's really overthinking...

This is just a game. Even if he is strong, www.uukanshu.net, he won’t have time to take care of so many people.

As for why it appeared at this time.

Wang Ling glanced at Sun Rong.

This is a very strange emotion. Wang Ling doesn't quite understand it. Anyway, when he saw Xiong Wu's body getting stronger and planned to step on Sun Rong, he felt some slight emotional ups and downs in his heart.

Then. Wang Ling no longer hesitated and decided to take action.

There is no other reason.

Wang Ling just thinks Xiong Wu’s behavior is very rude.

"Let's go!" Finally, Xiongwu gritted his teeth and led his men dejectedly away from Fuyun Town.

This was also the first time that Xiong Wu bowed his head. In front of so many players, especially Li Bai and Mang Shan. This made him feel that he had lost face.

7017k





Chapter 2154 Mr. Zanghu’s business plan


Latest website: . !

Xiongwu retreated.

With this move, Xiongwu's own face was completely wiped out. The entire Four Elephant Crowd suddenly became the target of public criticism. Due to the original Four Elephant Crowd's important role in the dungeon, many players had to fight with the Four Elephant Crowd in order to clear the dungeon. Cooperation. Therefore, when dealing with the behavior of some bullying newcomers in Sixiang Community, they dare not speak up but dare to express anger.

Now in this battle, Xiongwu was defeated at the hands of an "NPC" from Fuyun Town. This made players all over the world start to get excited.

For a time, many people's voices of condemnation began to come out continuously. When one person stood up and challenged Xiong Wu's authority, there would be a steady stream of successors.

It is also thanks to Xiongwu. This makes many new players feel that they have found a new haven of refuge - Fuyun Town.

Many new players don't think that when they encounter a little trouble being chased by mobs, this general will take the initiative to protect themselves. But at least if they suffer injustice!

For example, when someone is bullied due to a grade difference.

Then the general of Fuyun Town will definitely not sit idly by and ignore it, right?

The general of Fuyun Town is only level 1!

Isn't this just plain telling the players. The real role of this NPC general is to protect high-level players from bullying new players.

After the battle with Xiongwu, Wang Ling returned to the general's mansion and continued to silently recite the mantra of "God descends to earth" to increase blood volume.

At the same time, he also glanced at everyone's conclusions.

It can only be said that the player's brainstorming ability is really strong. But whether he can make a move or not. It really depends on the timing.

Not every fight. He will do it.

And Wang Ling vaguely felt that this battle was over. Sun Rong doubted himself even more.

And some brave and careful players began to search for system update information to confirm whether he was a real player or an NPC.

After all, such a bug-level NPC appears in a novice village. This is a big change. It is impossible not to mention it completely in the system update announcement.

Some players feel that they may have omitted it when watching it before. Maybe they missed some important details.

Wang Ling ignored these players' suspicions.

Because it's normal.

You can't possibly change everyone's thinking to yours. It's exactly the same as yours.

In summary, there are three parties of players discussing his identity.

Some people think he is a real NPC.

Some people think that he is pretending to be a real player. But these people only account for a very small part. Because everyone would rather believe that this is an NPC... After all, if it is a real player, it would be a bit outrageous.

The third group of people have even more novel ideas. They think Wang Ling is a hidden NPC.

What is a hidden NPC?

This type of NPC generally does not appear in public view, but will take action when necessary. But in fact, the game administrator is behind the scenes.

And this perfectly explains why Wang Ling has so many god-level skills.

After all, to GM, no matter how precious and rare these things are, they are just a bunch of data.

So what will happen next when things develop?

Wang Ling himself is extremely curious.

He sat cross-legged in the general's mansion. Looking at his rising blood bar, he still felt calm in his heart.

He has completed a small target amount of health.

The ultimate goal is to stack up to 10 small goals.

Now. Wang Ling still needs time.

On the other side, Sun Rong and Lao Huang were busy at the Wolong Recruitment Office. Especially after the battle with Xiongwu, new players continued to apply to join. Suddenly, the entire Fuyun Town became famous.

To put it bluntly, the Wolong Agreement is an agreement for joint development. Joining Fuyun Town means that in the future you can obtain corresponding city resources that match the city's contribution.

It is considered an investment.

And once you join, it also means that Wolong people will not be able to voluntarily withdraw from Wolong recruitment in the next 30 days. They need to apply and get the consent of Sun Rong.

Strictly speaking, this is really similar to recruiting employees.

Sun Rong and Lao Huang are now equivalent to HR. Wang Ling also didn’t expect that young people who love to show off so much these days would actually have a day to get a job.

Facts have proved that modern young people are actually quite motivated. As long as the treatment you give can perfectly match, why worry about others not working hard and happily?

...

On the other hand, the continuous news from Fuyun Town also made Mr. Zanghu, who was not far away, feel itchy. He had wanted to take a look for a long time. He had always had such an obsession in his heart.

But now Mr. Zanghu feels that it is not the right time. At the beginning of the game, in the newcomer stage, some people come for level, and some come for experience. And Mr. Zanghu’s goal is also very clear. He just wants to accumulate wealth. Go.

It sounds a bit vulgar, but Mr. Zanghu feels that for people like him who are not very good at playing games, making money and hiring someone to play with them is the only way out.

Fortunately, his knowledge is profound enough.

Under the cover of a hired fleet, Mr. Zanghu successfully refined the spiritual mushrooms he collected into pills in the wild, and took them to nearby towns for sale.

Good hemostatic medicine is a necessity in the eyes of any player. It is needed for survival in the wild and for dungeons. However, hemostatic medicine is expensive. Those specialized in town pharmacies are not cheap. One pill costs more than twenty taels of silver. This For many players, it is simply adding insult to injury.

As for Mr. Zanghu, he just set up his stall next to the drugstore. He sells elixirs with the same effect. The price is only 50% of what the drugstore sells.

And the most important thing is that drugs in pharmacies cannot be taken continuously. The second treatment effect will be reduced by half.

Many players who passed by Mr. Zanghu’s booth were surprised to find that the medicines in Mr. Zanghu’s booth did not have this restriction!

"Brother, did you make the medicine yourself?"

Players passing by were shocked: "How many do you have on you?"

"There are only 200 pills available at the moment."

"Twelve a piece. I cover them all!"

The player said generously.

But Mr. Zanghu is not such a stupid person.

He sells medicine, but does not work for others. In addition to selling his own elixirs, he also has to strictly control market circulation.

Otherwise, a large number of cheap and good medicines will appear in the hands of one person. Who knows if this person will increase the price and sell it elsewhere?

So Mr. Zanghu smiled slightly and raised two fingers mysteriously: "Limited to 2 pieces per person."

That's right...

Although hunger marketing seems shameless to Mr. Zanghu. www.uukanshu.net, sometimes this trick can work wonders.

As soon as he said this, the corner of the player's mouth in front of him twitched. He stared at Mr. Zanghu's booth and felt itchy in his heart. He really wanted to take them all.

But there was a purchase restriction. In the end, I only paid for two pills.

As Mr. Zanghu thought, good and cheap medicines can always be sold without any worries.

The supply of these third-level blood-restoring wild elixirs that he refined under wild conditions was almost in short supply. They directly brought him 2,000 taels of silver.

The net income was more than 1,980 taels.

Then, as long as he continues to repeat the operation, hire better teams or players, go deep into dangerous areas, collect better spiritual plants and refine higher-level elixirs.

Then soon, he might be able to buy the pharmacy in front of him.





Chapter 2155 Hello. Boss Qin


Latest website: According to game terminology, Mr. Zanghu’s behavior can be regarded as moving bricks. It’s just that the method of moving bricks is much more advanced than ordinary players.

In the game world of Itinerant Immortal, one of the most common tricks is to capture spiritual beasts.

Players with a guild have a high probability of receiving the task of capturing spiritual beasts during daily guild tasks. Some players will go to the market to buy ready-made ones directly with cash for the sake of convenience.

As a result, a brick-moving industry chain was born.

Catching spirit beasts is not without risk. Therefore, usually the price of the spirit beast in guild missions will be increased by 10% on the basis of the spirit beast itself.

And Mr. Zanghu’s refining of medicine seems even more advanced.

His train of thought is very clear.

He first relies on selling at a discount to accumulate customers. When he makes money, it means that he can refine higher-level medicinal materials. When the time comes, the price will be raised. The other players who buy will not have any objections.

The most important thing is that there is no limit to blood replenishment. It is really quite tempting.

It’s much more cost-effective than buying it directly from the drug store.

In addition, Mr. Zanghu’s hunger marketing scheme directly caused long queues for his small medicine stalls in towns.

The pharmacy next to it was open, but no one came to buy medicine. This made the NPC who is the owner of the pharmacy very depressed.

In the end, the drugstore owner really couldn't hold on any longer.

He saw that Mr. Zanghu's handicap was getting bigger and bigger. He couldn't help but applied to Mr. Zanghu and planned to rent out the shop.

Seeing that the plan was successful, Mr. Zanghu couldn't help laughing. He is obviously a very reserved person. He will never laugh no matter how funny it is.

For Mr. Zanghu, buying this store was not the key. It was that he fell in love with the ready-made medicinal herbs in this pharmacy.

This means that Mr. Zanghu no longer has to hire a convoy to risk his life to collect spiritual plants in dangerous places in the jungle as before. This medicine shop has a mature supply chain. The system will refresh the medicinal materials every day. And he only needs to be responsible. Just refine and sell it.

...

The sight returns to Itinerant Immortal, the most futuristic and technological mechanical city in the world.

Shortly after the kidnapping incident ended, news came from Fuyun Town that the Xiongwu people fled in panic. As a member of the Four Elephants, Li Ziye, a player of the Immortal Sword, simply couldn't accept this result.

Originally, being pressed to the ground and rubbed by Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi was already a blow. Unexpectedly, this double blow came so quickly...

The Four Elephants suddenly went from the peak to being the object of criticism. This feeling of disparity is felt by every Sword Immortal player who joins the Four Elephants.

It can be seen that Li Ziye is in a very low mood. But what kind of organization is the Sixiangzhong? Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi know more or less.

They took Ling Ziye to a high-end inn in a mechanical city. The price of staying here for one night was 1,000 taels of silver.

Normal players would definitely be reluctant to part with it.

But Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi have a lot of money. Even if they live alone, it won't be a big problem.

When the innkeeper met Qin Zhong, Xiang Yi was of a low level. He felt that he was a newcomer and was easy to fool. He also asked the two fools to apply for a card. He said that as long as he recharged the full amount, he would be able to participate in cashback activities. The maximum cashback could be 300%. Also You just get back what you charge. And the boss promises that all the money in the card can be withdrawn at any time.

Qin Zhong became excited when he mentioned the lottery. He had never seen such a man come to his door and ask for a lottery by himself.

I charged two million into it in one breath.

As a result, now, Qin Zhong not only has six million taels of silver, but also becomes the owner of this inn...

This made Ling Ziye completely unstoppable.

He found that this man's luck was simply terrifying.

I can seal the sword immortal myself. I won’t tell you if I can’t seal it. Even this high-end inn can be won by lottery...

He had never seen such an outrageous operation.

A high-end inn located in Machinery City. You can buy it directly for 5 million.

Qin Zhong's wave of lottery bankrupted the entire inn, so he was forced to become the new owner here.

"Boss Qin, this is your tea." The former female boss obediently picked up the tea and put it down one by one in front of Qin Zhong, Xiang Yi and Li Ziye. Then she turned her graceful posture and left respectfully.

"Who are you two..." Li Ziye was shocked.

He was extremely scared.

Especially when facing Qin Zhong, a man whose fate is unknown, I feel a deep sense of fear.

"You don't need to know who we are. But you'd better give yourself a chance." Qin Zhong took a sip of tea and said to Li Ziye.

"Brothers... I'm stupid. I don't know if I can explain it more clearly..."

Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi looked at each other. Then Xiang Yi took the initiative to speak: "You should know what kind of organization the Four Elephants are in reality."

"Of course I know this."

Li Ziye nodded and answered fluently: "This is the branch left by Immortal Fan Rui, who created the Wuji Sword Sect. It is said that it was founded by one of his disciples, Xie Jian Shen. It is a pity that this branch does not follow the right path. . causing chaos everywhere."

"Since you know so clearly, why do you still choose to join?" Xiang Yi asked.

"This... is just a game... does it need to be so serious?" Li Ziye was stunned.

"What else do you know about the Four Elephants?"

"I also know that in the legend, the leader of the Four Elephants is Xiong Wu. Behind him are three people who stand side by side with Xiong Wu. Zhu Zhen, Xue Hu and Qing Jiao. These four people respectively master different swordsmanship and have superior strength. In real life He was once a Class A wanted criminal..."

"It seems that you know the situation of the Four Elephants very well."

At this time, Qin Zhong took a deep breath, looked at Li Ziye and said, "What if I tell you that the Four Symbols in the game now was founded by these four people?"

As soon as these words came out, Li Ziye was dumbfounded on the spot: "No...it can't be right? How is this possible...doesn't all games have to be real-name?"

"These days, naughty kids know how to use their grandparents' ID cards to log into the game and pretend to be adults."

Xiang Yi complained: "You should know the grandparents and grandmothers who are racing in Summoner's Rift these days. www.uukanshu.net There may be a naughty kid standing behind them."

"..."

These words left Li Ziye speechless for a moment.

Indeed.

If the Four Elephants in the game are really played by criminal gangs, then it would be much easier for them to obtain false identities than for normal people.

"Then...what do the two brothers want me to do..." Li Ziye was stunned.

I never thought that something so outrageous would happen to me.

"It's simple. Just give yourself a chance."

Qin Zhong responded: "You are an old member of the Four Elephants. So it stands to reason that it shouldn't be difficult to introduce us to the Four Elephants, right?"

7017k





Chapter 2156 Undercover Plan


Latest website: The Four Elephants have been doing a lot of evil and most of the fugitives are fleeing overseas. It is very difficult to arrest them.

After all, they are the disciples brought out by Xie Jian Shen. Xie Jian Shen knows them all. According to Xie Jian Shen's confession, Qingjiao, Xuehu, Zhu Xi, Xiongwu. The four of them have a strong sense of counter-investigation. Want to It's not that easy to track them down.

Especially since the arrest of Xie Jian Shen. According to the research of the overseas criminal pursuit team at the Xiuzhen Police Station, the pursuit team is sure that they have never come back.

The arrest of Xie Jian Shen is a warning to them. But just because he hasn't come back at this stage doesn't mean he won't find an opportunity to come back in the future.

The Xiuzhen Police Station has been worried that maybe the Four Elephants are planning some big plan. For example, they could rescue the evil Jian Shen after a prison break.

This is what the Xiuzhen Police Station is most worried about. Prison robberies are nothing. They are just afraid that the people who rob the prison are all lunatics. And they are lunatics with a plan.

If they really decide to set out to rescue the evil Jian Shen, then the pressure on the Xiuzhen Police Station will be even greater.

Therefore, instead of feeling anxious all the time, it is better to take action early and arrest several people together.

For this reason, the Xiuzhen Police Station had already contacted Huaxiu Alliance for assistance. Huaxiu Alliance also took the initiative to find the Office of Strategic Deception.

So now Zhuo Yi has entered the game as a GM. Cooperating with Qin Zhong, Xiang Yi teamed up to lock the specific IP coordinates of these four people.

Even a few people entering the game to assist in the development of Wang Ling, Sun Rong are secondary tasks. The current main task is to locate the real IP coordinates of several people.

After the arrest is completed, the task of assisting the development of Wang Ling, Sun Rong will naturally become the next main task.

You would never imagine how cautious a group of extremely vicious criminals could be at this juncture.

"Why does it need to be so complicated? Didn't it say that the Itinerant Immortal game cabin has a crime monitoring system?"

Li Ziye said in confusion: "Once a criminal is found playing this game, he can directly block the game cabin and release crispy gas. When the criminal thinks he is playing the game, he can directly launch the game cabin in place and teleport it to the designated location. Location."

"But these are things that would happen in an ideal world, aren't they?"

Qin Zhong raised his eyebrows and said: "This group of people faced such a long pursuit by the Cultivation Police Department. From the overseas pursuit team to the help of the International Cultivation Criminal Police. There has been no news for so many years. This proves that they are more thoughtful than us. You need to be too cautious."

Xiang Yi touched his chin and nodded slightly: "Brother Qin is right. If it were me, I would not enter the game cabin by myself. Instead, I would first place a dummy in the game cabin, and then use other magic methods to make the dummy A neural connection is created between the person and the body. In this way, even outside the game cabin, the game can still be played normally. The key is that it will no longer be controlled by the game cabin."

"Then these people have worked hard just to be able to play the game..."

After listening to this, Li Ziye was completely shocked.

In order to play a game, you need to make a fake ID card, make a fake stand-in, and establish a neural link... This is not something that ordinary monks can do with enough time, right?

"Okay. I promise you. But let's make a deal first. I'm doing this purely as a friendly favor. It's out of the basic concept of a good citizen." Li Ziye said reluctantly.

Although he is basically in a state of "doing no evil" in the game, he can return to his human nature and is not bad either.

Just like Li Ziye said. This is just a game after all.

So sometimes you really don’t have to worry too much.

"If the arrest goes well, you will get a banner and a commendation order from Huaxiu Alliance." Qin Zhong said.

"Really!?" Li Ziye was moved.

This is something you can use to brag for the rest of your life!

Huaxiu Alliance’s Commendation Order!

There is no need to say more about the gold content of this thing!

"Don't worry. I will definitely introduce you two!" At this time, Li Ziye blew through his nose and patted his chest suddenly.

...

On the other side, after returning to the Four Elephants Guild, Xiong Wu has been in a very low mood.

Many guild members kept silent. They knew the character of their guild leader. He had always been a very strong person. This time he was disgraced in Fuyun Town.

I also knew that Xiong Wu would get this place back no matter what.

Real world. In the conference room. Qingjiao, Xuehu, Zhu Xi, and Xiongwu are having a meeting.

They removed the neuron data line interface with the dummy in the game cabin and conducted private meetings directly in the real world.

The main content of today’s meeting: How to take revenge on Fuyun Town.

A slender young man with a whip made a cold voice: "Brother, you know me. I always believe that revenge should be reported on the spot. And I doubt that the city lord is definitely not an NPC. His words and deeds There is a high probability that he is a Zhenren player."

After saying that, Xiong Wu looked at Xue Hu again.

I saw Xuehu straightening his powerful body and saying: "Brother, you know me. What I have always pursued is to pick weak persimmons. Since those people all want to go to Fuyun Town, and Fuyun Town has those I don’t know if the NPC city lord is protecting me. We might as well set up checkpoints around Fuyun Town and intercept and kill all the players who want to go to Fuyun Town!"

Then Xiongwu looked at Zhu Xi again.

Zhu?'s voice was long and slender, with a sense of a smile hiding a knife: "Brother, you know me. In fact, I have the same opinion as Qingjiao. That person's blood is too thick. From a game perspective, we won't be able to find him in the short term. If this person is Zhenren, it will be much easier for us."

"Go on. www.uukanshu.net "

Xiong Wu showed an interesting expression.

Zhu? sighed and said: "Brother, my method is still very simple. Since we can't deal with the people in the game, let's deal with the people outside the game. If he is Zhenren, then we can deal with him directly." Qingjiao has resources in this area. If we assume that this person is real, maybe we can directly find the coordinates of this person. Then we can ask Qingjiao to hack into the system."

"But wouldn't this be too risky?" Xiongwu frowned.

Zhu? waved his hand and said with a smile: "When did the elder brother become so timid? If the elder brother is really worried, I can use my sword energy to track it remotely. As long as it is touched by my sword energy, no matter what the object is. . will become explosive objects!"

"It's better to be cautious first. And we must be prepared for everything."

Xiongwu slapped the table: "Do it! Find this person! Kill him!"

7017k





Chapter 2157: Sending a nuclear bomb 0 miles away. The courtesy is light but the affection is heavy.


Latest website: You never know how hard a group of wanted criminals on the run will work just to be able to play the game.

As a senior game geek, the first discoverer of this game was Qingjiao. He accidentally saw the closed beta introduction on the game forum. He felt itchy in his heart.

They have been hiding overseas for a long time since Xie Jian Shen was arrested. They are very cautious in everything. This has resulted in their extreme lack of freedom in the past.

Itinerant Immortal is an alternative way for them to find freedom.

Qingjiao is a game expert. He is also a technical geek. He clearly knows that the game cabin has a crime locating system. It is very likely that they will be detected as wanted criminals on the run.

So it was Qingjiao's idea to make a puppet for mid-end links.

Moreover, this mid-range technology has also allowed Sixiangzhong to make a lot of money on the foreign black market. Many suspects with criminal cases have also successfully experienced the fun brought by this game.

Since the establishment of the guild of the same name, the Four Elephants. As monks with rich experience in swordsmanship, Qingjiao, Xuehu, Zhu??, and Xiongwu have developed a variety of novel ways of playing according to their respective fields of swordsmanship.

This allows them to gain a long-lost sense of satisfaction in the virtual world in the real world.

Itinerant Immortal's magic ring is not a gold-earning game. But the daily maintenance of the game cabin costs money. The daily maintenance of the puppets also costs money. They rely on the revenue from selling puppets on the black market as the key to balancing their books.

Another more important point is that Xiongwu saw the hope of a comeback for the Four Elephants in the Itinerant Immortal.

Since they are hiding in the real world in the Middle East. Why not directly use the game to cultivate power?

As long as their influence is large enough, more and more sword immortal players will join. In the real world, these sword immortal players may not necessarily be mainstream swordsmanship practitioners. But being able to choose this profession means that they are interested in swordsmanship. .

Then this can directly filter out a group of people.

According to Xiong Wu's plan, when the number of people in the guild increases, he will use his status as president to gradually understand the true background of each person, and finally decide whether to recruit them into his team.

Once the team is established, he will give the new team a new name. In fact, it is a branch under the name of Sixiangzhong.

Originally, the Four Symbols were a branch of the Wuji Sword Sect.

Now they have established a branch of their own. It is very reasonable.

Once the branch is established, Xiongwu will teach the swordsmanship skills created by the evil swordsman Shen in real life to strengthen the reputation of Sixiangzhong.

It can be said that this entire process plan is very detailed. It is so thorough that several people are amazed by it. At the same time, relying on the game to rise in real life has become the only hope for Sixiangzhong at the moment.

But what Xiongwu never expected was that at this juncture, they met... the guarding general of Fuyun Town.

"Found it!"

Just after a few people decided to find out the location of Wang Ling, Qingjiao, a technical geek, kept investigating Wang Ling. He is also a well-known person in the hacker world. He has a girl named Meirenjiao. ID.

The overall strength is actually on par with Ma Jiao from Jiudaohe High School.

"How is it!?" Xiongwu asked with concern.

"Brother! This person is real! Not an NPC! He is a real player!"

"This guy is cheating!"

"I don't know...but it is indeed a real player...but the opponent's coordinates are well encrypted. There is no way to locate it at the moment...I can only find a way to hack into the opponent's game cabin. See if I can make the game The crime alarm system of the cabin accidentally triggered. Finally, the other party's game cabin was launched directly to our side."

Qingjiao revealed his comprehensive plan.

To be honest. He was still hesitating.

Because it stands to reason that the firewall of ordinary players is not like this, and it should not have such thorough encryption measures. This is most likely because behind the general of Fuyun Town, there is also a master who knows hacking technology secretly planning. everything.

In this case, it seems to make sense why the other party has so many magical skills in the game.

Because the general of Fuyun Town may not only be a real player. He may also be a game administrator?

But obviously, Xiongwu could no longer care about this. He ordered Qingjiao: "Fourth brother! Just do what you want! Something happened. Big brother is here!"

Because the realism of Itinerant Immortal's magical ring is too strong. Xiongwu is still a little bit into the game after suffering such humiliation in the game. He cannot accept such humiliation.

Therefore, he couldn't calm down properly. He was furious and wanted to kill Wang Ling.

On the other side, in fact, when Qingjiao checked the coordinates of Wang Ling for the first time.

Wang Ming had already felt the attack from the green dragon.

Inside the Karma Base, Wang Ming is planning everything. It feels interesting.

"Ling Ling's game cabin was attacked." Wang Ming said calmly and calmly while looking at the code that was constantly beating in front of him.

Zhai Yin next to her was also very calm, because she knew clearly that when it came to hacking technology, no one could compare to the most powerful brain in front of her who was good at calculations.

"What are you going to do?" Zhai Yin asked.

"Teacher Shou Chong."

"I am here."

"Save Ling Ling's game data to avoid data damage when the link is disconnected later."

"good."

Now, inside the Itinerant Immortal magic ring, the layer of gray fog is still very hazy. Players in the game world can still exit and enter the game normally. Once more than half of the realization is completed, even the game will not be able to exit. Only Can be entered from the outside.

Wang Ming also didn't expect Sixiangzhong to take the bait so quickly. He also arranged for Zhuo Yi, Qin Zhong, and Xiang Yi to sneak in respectively.

As a result, the other party could no longer sit still.

After explaining to Shou Chong, Wang Ming calculated the time and pressed the red button on the system control panel.

Buzz!

In the Karma Base, the space channel directly connected to the ground was opened. A beam of light shone from above and fell directly on the game cabin of Wang Ling.

At the same time, Wang Ling, who was playing the game, suddenly woke up. He realized that he had temporarily returned to the real world. www.uukanshu.net

And. The whole thing seems to be in a state of waiting for launch...

"Are you... using your own tactics?" Zhai Yin suddenly realized. She understood everything.

"You could say that."

Wang Ming smiled sinisterly: "My brother's nuclear bomb. Since they want it so much, let them take it. Anyway, I won't lose anything here..."

The words just fell.

Only a "boom" was heard in the laboratory.

Wang Ling's game cabin directly ascended to the sky. With Wang Ling, it was ejected directly from the Karma Base. It rushed out of the ground. Then, with the assistance of the high-density spiritual booster, it headed towards the real world. The coordinates and directions of the four elephants inside are radiated...





Chapter 2158 Open cabin kill!


The latest website: In the game cabin. Wang Ling is in a calm mood.

He deduced it with his fingers and roughly understood what happened.

You can't beat yourself in the game world. So you want to kill yourself in the real world, right?

I have to say, the ideas of these thugs are really bold.

It can only be said that this was an unexpected episode. Even Wang Ling did not expect that he would be forced offline halfway through the game. Then the whole person was ejected by Wang Ming.

His heart was calm. He even wanted to laugh a little.

It can only be said that Wang Xiaoer is worthy of being Wang Xiaoer. It seems that he has never been ambiguous about cheating him.

On the other side, after learning that Qingjiao successfully hacked into the game cabin and successfully conducted a remote launch.

Everyone in Sixiangzhong was very excited. They succeeded!

And not long after, the damn real player who plays the role of the general of Fuyun Town will appear in front of them.

Xiong Wu has even thought of a package of revenge methods. For example, what kind of posture should he use to open the game cabin door handsomely and drag up the hateful guy inside who disrupted his overall plan.

"Brother, we are going to succeed!"

The remaining people looked at the location of the game cabin on the radar map. They saw that the entire game cabin was rapidly approaching an island near the restricted sea area at the speed of a rocket.

No one could have imagined that Si Xiang had been in exile overseas for so many years and that all the main members of his gang were hiding on this seemingly desolate island.

They dare not set foot in the country of cultivation.

But this island is actually an uninhabited island that the evil Jian Shen had previously purchased through other people's identities for the development of Sixiangzhong. He knew that this day would come, so he had prepared all the plans in advance and kept them as a backup plan.

But hundreds of years have passed since the island was purchased. Even Evil Jian Shen himself forgot that he still had such an overseas asset.

As the financial officer of Sixiangzhong, Xiongwu remembered to honestly write down all the financial income and expenditure details of the group. He also knew the situation of this small island very well.

He and the other three fellow disciples of the Four Elephants hid here. They practiced diligently every day in order to find a chance to turn over.

"I won't bother my brothers to take action on the matter of opening the cabin to kill people. I, my little brother, will go and come back." Qingjiao snorted and smiled.

He is holding a blue Void Sword. There are ripples on it. If you stare at it for a long time, you will feel like there are many illusions.

"Then it's up to you, Fourth Brother."

"The game cabin will arrive at the coordinates of 787.120 on the island soon. Fourth brother, be careful."

"Don't worry, brothers. No matter how strong that person is, he's just a fat nerd who plays games. It's nothing to worry about at all. What I hate most is the guy who grabs the ranking. No matter who is the sixth one, he dares to grab my position. Then It's a dead end."

At this moment, Qingjiao said excitedly.

The base of the Four Elephants is set up fifty meters underground on the island.

After Qingjiao finished explaining his affairs, he stood on top of the teleportation circle and was teleported directly to the surface of the island through the teleportation circle.

He showed his white teeth. It looked like he was really confident.

Under a coconut tree, Qing Jiao's eyes were fixed on the light spots speeding in the distance. He was almost impatient and wanted to take action. It would be better to just cut the opponent's game cabin in the air with one move of sword energy. . Let this guy be buried directly in the sea!

No...

Doing this seems a bit too cheap.

Moreover, falling into the sea cannot directly confirm that the other party is actually dead.

Qingjiao frowned slightly. In the end, he endured it and decided to follow the original plan to open the cabin and kill.

Bang!

Soon, the game cabin stopped above the island. A huge parachute flew out of the cabin, causing the game cabin's landing speed to slow down quickly.

Qingjiao watched this scene with his eyes. He had been holding back on the island for too long. He had been holding back the desire to kill in his heart. Maybe it was because he had not been stained with blood for too long.

This gave Qingjiao an unprecedented sense of excitement.

"Young man... I'm only to blame for your bad luck. Playing games is too high-profile. Remember next time. Don't fall into the hands of someone who doesn't follow the rules..."

Qingjiao hummed and smiled. He slowly stepped forward. Under the scorching sun, his shadow changed directly on the game cabin of Wang Ling.

His hand was just on the door of the game cabin. He planned to tear the door open directly.

As a result, something unexpected happened that Qingjiao didn't expect.

Boom!

In the game cabin. Wang Ling kicked down the cabin door. The entire cabin door flew out together with the green dragon that was pulling on the cabin door.

It was just an ordinary kick...

Qingjiao was kicked in the front by Wang Ling. The huge impact gave him the feeling of being hit hard by a 10,000-ton giant ship.

Boom!

In an instant, the Qingjiao's skull was completely shattered. He vomited blood. The meridians all over his body were severed by Wang Ling's ordinary kick. His body flew straight away.

Several big trees were broken down along the island one after another. Even the thick rock walls were directly pierced by flying green dragons, leaving a human-shaped crater.

"There seems to be someone."

Wang Ling climbed out of the game cabin.

He just felt like there was someone at the cabin door. He was worried that he would be in danger, so he lightly kicked open the cabin door as a legitimate means of defense.

This is to prevent yourself from being violated.

Unexpectedly, he kicked him and the man flew directly in front of him...

Why.

This is too overwhelming.

I don't know if he can bear this gentle kick.

Wang Ling was quite worried for a while. After all, kicking someone to death is a bit exaggerated.

Although Itinerant Immortal is weak, it's not that weak...

At least he gave it a gentle kick two months ago. So the probability of survival is pretty high.

Oh no...

It's been two months.

He has also grown.

Talisman's suppression effect is getting worse and worse. This shows that his current combat power is really difficult to compare with two months ago.

Sigh. How to clean up the mess in front of us has become Wang Ling's biggest problem now. www.uukanshu.net

...

At the same time, in the monitoring room of the Sixiang Base, everyone else looked at the secret monitor on the island and saw all this.

Everyone opened their mouths. They couldn't believe their eyes.

Because right in front of their eyes, they clearly saw the moment when the Itinerant Immortal-level green dragon opened the game cabin. The person in the cabin kicked open the door and the green dragon together.

And now. Qingjiao is seriously injured...

The whole person, like a scarecrow, flew from one part of the island to the beach at the other end. His whole body was covered in blood from being kicked. His head was dented directly after being hit head-on.

It was just a kick...

Can you kick Itinerant Immortal like this?

Xiongwu was shocked.





Chapter 2159 Li Liyuan's score


Latest website: Since the earth's upgrade, the group of people who have been most affected are those who have stayed at the ninth level of True Immortal for a long time. With their talents, they can break through the current state long ago. It is just because they are shackled by spiritual energy. It's too late to break through.

Among this group of people, there is no doubt that the sword master Yi Jianchuan is the representative.

As for True Immortal, the impact may not be great, but at least it has laid the foundation for the future of human monks all over the earth.

Therefore, the people who are truly influenced and have broken through the realm are still a very small group of people on the earth today. Maybe not even 1%.

But for realms below True Immortal, such as Itinerant Immortal and others. Wang Ling feels that the intensity should still be there.

Although Wang Ling saw a lot of Itinerant Immortals around him, and all of them were elite representatives from all walks of life. But Qingjiao was seriously injured after being kicked by him.

Wang Ling doesn’t understand.

The kick he gave to the cabin door was really just a light kick. It was far less forceful than his slap.

The result was this. They were all seriously injured...

It seems that he thought too well of the Itinerant Immortals on Earth. Or maybe after the Earth was upgraded, Wang Ling felt that the standard for the Itinerant Immortal realm should be redefined.

At the very least, you have to be able to kneel on the ground and talk even after receiving a gentle kick from yourself.

This is the qualified Itinerant Immortal.

A Qingjiao lying directly on the ground bleeding from its seven holes and struggling to get up is obviously an unqualified Itinerant Immortal in the eyes of Wang Ling.

Having said that, Wang Ling's kick should be regarded as self-defense.

After all, the purpose of his kick was just to open the door of the game cabin. Who would have thought that that person was so close to the door of the game cabin.

Moreover, he could not expect that his slight kick could bring such a high amount of critical damage.

At this time, he sighed softly with his trouser pockets in his pockets and turned his red eyes to somewhere on the island.

That's a hidden surveillance device.

At this moment, Wang Ling's eyes happened to meet the other members of the Four Elephants who were still stunned in the monitor.

This young man...is looking here?

Xiongwu looked at Wang Ling's gaze in the monitor. He was so nervous that his cheeks were sweating. He couldn't say a word.

Everything was too shocking.

Kicked the green dragon to the Naihe Bridge...

"But the aura of the rising sun is still there in him. He is clearly a young man!" Beside him, Xue Hu thought that maybe they were thinking about things too complicated.

Maybe this game cabin has a defense mechanism they couldn't imagine... When a stranger approaches, the self-defense system will be activated to eliminate the danger.

But even if that's the case, that's unreasonable...

This is just a game cabin. Even if it uses the highest level of technology, how could it be possible to destroy Itinerant Immortal like this by popping the door?

Itinerant Immortal...

This is the realm of being able to catch missiles with bare hands!

"Don't panic... I'll go and meet this person for a while and I'll know the truth." Zhu? frowned. He wanted to test Wang Ling personally.

However, he was intercepted by Xue Hu: "Leave this matter to me. I don't need to trouble my second brother to do anything. My Snow Magic Sword can be used for a fight!"

Because the young man who landed on the island was very strange and did not dare to engage in close combat, Snow Tiger could only launch a test with a long-range attack.

His Snow Magic Sword can control the weather of the four seasons. It is a top-notch holy weapon! Second only to the pseudo-double-level magic weapon!

Snow Tiger has always been properly maintained, but he is reluctant to take it out and use it. He is afraid of wearing out the durability of the magic weapon. But now he did not expect that after re-executing it, he would actually use it on a young man.

Without further ado, he immediately unfolded his hand. An icy blue leaf flashed with spiritual light in his palm. Then it suddenly enlarged and turned into a blue magic sword, which was held by Xue Hu in his palm.

He held a law sword in his hand and his clothes fluttered. He did not enter the island directly. Instead, he found a wall in the underground space. He pierced the law sword directly through the wall into the deep rock formations and connected with the entire island.

At the same time. Wang Ling saw snow starting to fall on this small island.

The flying white snow fell from the sky, and it only targeted this small island. In less than two minutes, it became heavier and heavier, forming the appearance of a blizzard.

The natural lake on the island freezes directly.

As Bai Xue continued to accumulate in a short period of time, Qing Jiao's body was quickly submerged by Bai Xue. Then it turned into a spiritual light and disappeared.

Wang Ling knew that this was a way to control the weather. By the way, he used the white snow as a blindfold to cast a spell to bring back his companion's body.

But it's a pity that the movement was a little slow. We should have gone directly to the island to take the people back. This might still have a chance of survival.

Manipulating spells and using spells to save people back. This has seriously delayed the rescue time.

So in Wang Ling's opinion, this green dragon is probably dead...

Wang Ling looked at the white snow falling from the sky. He was lost in thought for a while. As a child who grew up in the south, white snow is a rare thing for Wang Ling.

...

Inside the monitor, everyone in Sixiang watched closely the movement of Wang Ling.

Now Snow Tiger uses the Snow Magic Sword to activate the underground spiritual veins under the island to trigger weather phenomena. The heavy snowfall has caused the temperature of the island to fall into an abnormal state.

It’s over fifty degrees below zero!

Such a young man, no matter how talented he is, is at best in the early stages of Golden Core...and still unstable. Under such extreme temperatures, such thin clothing should not last long.

But what surprised Snow Tiger, Zhu Hu, and Xiong Wu was that they actually saw Wang Ling building a snowman on the island on the monitor...

Xiongwu rubbed his eyes and made sure he saw it correctly.

This boy was really building a snowman in front of them!

And it has a nose and eyes.

This is a large snowman.

Wang Ling directly pinched out the limbs. Then began to create the body out of white snow.

"No...this seems to be more than just a snowman..." Xuehu frowned. He felt that the things created by Wang Ling seemed a bit familiar.

The corner of Zhu?'s mouth twitched: "How do I feel? www.uukanshu.net This is a Gundam..."

To be precise, it's not necessarily a Gundam. It's a mecha of the same type that is very similar to a Gundam.

It's hard to believe. A young man was not afraid of the cold at all in such an environment. He even managed to build a thirty-meter tall tower with his bare hands.

"This...who is this person..." Even Xuehu was frightened at this moment. He had never seen anything like this before.

At this moment, I saw Wang Ling slowly walking towards Gundam's neck.

He slipped straight in. It was like wearing clothes, with only one head exposed. A pair of dead fish eyes stared straight ahead.

At this moment, a scene that shocked everyone even more happened.

Rumble...

I saw the next second. Wang Ling was wearing a thirty-meter white snow mecha that he had kneaded. He stood up from his lying position!





Chapter 2160 Sword Fighting


Latest website: Everyone in Sixiangzhong was puzzled by this situation. But everyone was shocked. Snow Tiger's blizzard was directly ignored. The boy not only happily built a thirty-meter-high mecha outside. He even sat on the mecha himself and composed the head himself!

Is this an operation that normal carbon-based organisms can think of!

Then a scene happened that shocked Xuehu, Zhu?, and Xiongwu.

Because in the next second, above their heads, the boy sat on the snow-white mecha he made and began to perform a penetration performance. In an instant, the right hand of the snow-white mecha turned into a spiral and began to burrow into the ground.

The ground shook.

Inside the Sixiangzhong base, the ground on the ceiling began to collapse. Large swaths of wall dust shook off. There was a gesture of burying them.

This boy is so terrifying. He is so strong that he doesn't look like a human being. The most important thing is that they have never seemed to realize that there is such a powerful person on the earth before.

This is definitely a nightmare!

How could it be a real person...

When they were sixteen or seventeen years old, they were still playing in the mud!

This boy is a high school student of sixteen or seventeen years old. He is already chasing some of their Itinerant Immortals and is starting to hammer him!

"No. If this continues, the base will collapse!" Xiongwu opened his mouth. He signaled Xuehu to think of a solution quickly.

In desperation, Snow Tiger pulled out the magic sword that had penetrated the wall in an extremely embarrassed manner. The blizzard on the island also stopped immediately.

They thought that the Snow Mecha created by Wang Ling would also melt. But what they didn't know was that the Snow Mecha had already been subjected to the latest version of the Great Attunement 3.0 by Wang Ling. Even if the surrounding temperature Return to normal. It will not melt directly.

"There's nothing we can do, brother. It's me!"

In desperation, Zhu? finally decided to take action. He had a magic sword named Fire Joy. Any object cut by his sword energy would explode!

So in this situation, he can no longer care about so many things. The only way Zhu Xi can think of is to use his magic sword's passive ability to cut this snow-white mecha and turn it into an explosive!

"Sword fighting!"

There are many spells for controlling spiritual swords remotely. As a sect famous for its swordsmanship, the disciples from the Four Elephants School are all top-notch in swordsmanship. In order to make his sword energy hit the target smoothly, Zhu? object.

He has spent seven hundred years just practicing this sword fighting technique.

The {sword fighting technique} that he has mastered for seven hundred years has doubled Zhu?s confidence at this moment. In an instant, a crimson sword energy spread out behind him. The fire filled the air. It was like the sacred bird Suzaku emitting brilliance that illuminated the entire underground. It's bright.

Before Wang Ling's electric drill penetrated into the base of the island, a light fire was seen seeping out from below. It was a sword energy rising straight from the ground. It was emitting astonishing heat.

If I had seen Wang Ling when he was one year old, I might have been shocked. But now he is no longer in trouble.

On swordsmen with this type of flame. Wang Ling has seen the Dongda Emperor from the Eternal Period. He has the immortal Kongque King Ming Dharma. That kind of brilliance illuminated the entire Dongda Region back then. He himself was the one who shined in one place. sun.

So compared with the Zhu? in front of me, it can only be regarded as a dwarf.

"Sword Master, this is to use sword fighting skills to apply sword energy on your Snow Mecha." Jingke analyzed.

He is the strongest sword spirit. He naturally has his own ability to distinguish various sword techniques.

Just when Zhu Xi was using his sword fighting skills to remotely control his fire joy, Jingke had already seen it.

Wang Ling nodded secretly.

My heart remains the same as before. There is no wave in the ancient well.

"--Sword comes!"

Below the base. Zhu? controlled the Joy of Fire. He planned to suddenly rush out from the underground gap to give Wang Ling a surprise.

As for the swordsmanship that seeks to survive in the cracks like this, Zhu Xi also gave it a very nice swordsmanship name.

That is: between coming and going...

He watched the fierce sword energy rushing out from the ground. He was guarding the gap. The moment he saw the magic sword just emerging like the tip of a bamboo shoot.

Wang Ling raised his sword fingers together. He pointed down lightly.

The joy of fire that had just emerged immediately changed its direction and headed towards the owner below the ground.

"Idiot! This is the wrong direction! It's not here! I'm your sword master! Don't come here!"

...

In just a few dozen seconds, a big explosion occurred underground on the island.

There was a movement like the eruption of an active volcano. Magma spurted out from the gaps and flowed around the island.

The Sixiangzhong's base was directly blown up by Wang Ling... Oh no. To be more precise, it should be Zhu? He shot himself in the foot.

But Wang Ling can feel it. Except for Qingjiao and Zhu?, several people from the Four Elephants are seriously injured. Snow Tiger and Xiongwu are still alive.

Their psychic signals are still there.

He should have escaped early before the magic sword fell back and exploded.

But it's a pity. In the case of Wang Ling.

Escape is ultimately useless.

He locked onto the direction where Xiong Wu and Xue Hu used magic to escape. He remotely sensed the spiritual signal of the other party's escape from the island.

Finally, he set his sights on the sea.

It turns out that they used magic to blast through the rock wall below the base. Did they escape by diving into the seabed?

To pull out two living people in a vast ocean is simply a fantasy.

But if the opponent is Wang Ling., the outcome will be different.

At this time, Wang Ling immersed himself entirely in the Snow Mecha and stood on the island. Directly facing Snow Tiger, the direction in which Xiongwu fled.

They were diving fiercely at the bottom of the sea. Excessive panic caused their legs to swing very fast. Although they did not escape for a long time, they had already swam a long distance.

This boy is so scary...

They are not opponents.

I can only think of running away hastily in this embarrassing way.

They have swum very far.

Moreover, there are many biological signals under the sea. It stands to reason that even if this young man is extremely capable, it would be difficult to track them, right?

But unfortunately, Xuehu and Xiongwu didn't know what kind of player they were facing at this moment.

The two people who were snorkeling soon discovered that something was wrong with the water around them...

Wait a minute!

How could something be wrong with the sea water?

"Brother, although... but... I just feel like we are swimming backwards..."

Xuehu said in horror.

This is definitely not an illusion.

But it actually happened!

The flow direction of the sea water around us has changed!

This surprised Xiong Wu extremely. www.uukanshu.net

At this time, the two of them looked back. They saw the young man controlling the Snow White mecha standing on the edge of the island waiting for them. Both of his excellent hands were inserted into the sea water.

Snow Tiger and Xiong Wu were both shocked.

They never thought that this young man would use his own power to change the direction of the ocean current...

Of course, what frightened them the most was not just this scene.

Because in the next second, they felt that the sea water around them actually receded, directly revealing a passage. A wide seabed avenue was exposed...

Damn!

It’s the dividing sea!

Xiong Wu couldn't help but curse.

Is this something that normal humans on earth can do?





Chapter 2161 Imagination limits the realm


Latest website: Fenhai...

Is this something that ordinary people can do?

Wang Ling was wearing casual clothes for going out, with his trouser pockets inserted. He looked at an aisle that was completely exposed in front of him. It was cleared by the sea water and sighed slightly.

The movement this time was slightly louder.

If anyone calls up satellite surveillance to look at their location at this time, they will see an ocean area on the earth, just like the barber in the barber shop who shaved his head with shaking hands, leaving a bald patch.

This is not the evaporation of sea water. It is the division of the sea.

As for the power of dividing the sea, it is indeed difficult for normal monks to achieve it.

This requires a huge amount of spiritual power to pull every drop of sea water to achieve such an effect. The Dao God realm can do it. But it cannot achieve the scale of manipulation like Wang Ling.

If it's like Monk Jin Deng's ancestral realm, it's probably about the same.

However, dividing the sea is an act that greatly depletes one's own qi sea. The spiritual energy sea is the spiritual power reserve source of the cultivator. After the consumption is completed, it needs to be replenished by sitting cross-legged and adjusting the breath.

It can be said that the move of dividing the sea is indeed very cool. But the cost of being cool is that the subsequent benefits often outweigh the losses.

After all, not everyone's air sea area can be the same as Wang Ling. It is as big as a black hole.

At this time. Wang Ling stared at the two people exposed and shivering on the clean sea bed. He sighed in his heart.

It feels like I don’t have to pretend. It’s great...

This time he dared to do this. Mainly because Wang Ming was behind him and blocked the satellite camera aimed at this area.

In other words, in the map scene in front of me, except for Xiong Wu and Zhu?, there will be no third person who knows about him.

Then Wang Ling will feel relieved.

On the other hand, actually doing this once in a while is actually good for Wang Ling himself.

The new version of Talisman is still under development.

The existing Talisman's suppression power is weakening day by day. In order to extend the life of the old Talisman, Wang Ming's suggestion to Wang Ling is that he had better do a wave of energy every day or every other day, which can consume a lot of his own spiritual energy and accumulate it in the sea. Aura. A spell that won't cause too much damage.

Divide the Sea. In fact, even this type of spell is used.

Visually very intimidating.

But in fact, the principle of dividing the sea is just the traction technique. It is not that high-end.

But at this moment, facing such a shocking scene, Xiong Wu and Zhu Xi, who were old-school Itinerant Immortals, had already hugged each other.

They were really frightened.

I never thought why a boy who was only sixteen or seventeen years old could be so defiant...

"Brother...what should we do...this person...at least is a True Immortal!"

Zhu? was so frightened that his legs trembled. Infinite fear covered him and lingered in his heart, making him feel overwhelmed.

Xiong Wu's situation is even worse than Zhu Xi's.

True Immortal...

He even felt that Zhu?s imagination was still a bit too conservative.

This young man was so terrifying. He directly divided the entire sea along both sides. And the key was that they could not see the end of the seabed as far as their naked eyes could see.

This shows that the actual sea area separated by Juvenile is very large. If there are satellite images, we should be able to see the changes at this level very clearly.

So now the question arises. Did this boy exist on the earth before the earth was upgraded? Or did he appear after the earth was upgraded?

Xiong Wu prefers the latter...

He even felt that Wang Ling was not human at all.

Only aliens have such strength, right?

Otherwise, the earth's human monks just ignored him on their way to upgrading and evolving!

For a time, the two of them had a lot of thoughts in their minds.

Faced with a huge gap in strength, it is no longer possible to escape.

I saw Xiong Wu and Zhu Hu looking at each other for a moment.

Wang Ling originally wanted to divide the sea water into two waves to form a water whip to tie the two people in front of him from a distance.

The next second, the two people actually took the starting position of track and field athletes at the same time and ran towards him.

When they got close, they braked with one knee. The two people came from the middle position, sliding and kneeling close to each other along the seabed...

Their movements were uniform, as if they had been rehearsed in advance. Wang Ling was also shocked.

"Go to Immortal and spare your life!"

The two people stopped neatly in front of Wang Ling. Then they plunged their heads directly into the beach.

At the same time, Wang Ling waved his hand and closed the sea behind him again. The sea water overlapped again and formed huge waves, which hit the beach and made both of them wet.

Wang Ling I thought the two of them would resist for a while. I didn't expect the surrender to be so complete.

He sighed slightly. Then he looked at the blue sky. In his ears, he heard the sound of a helicopter patrolling in the distance. This was the International Cultivation Detective that Wang Ming contacted.

At the same time, monk Jin Deng appeared here first.

"Leave the rest to the poor monk." Monk Jin Deng remained as serious as ever.

He took over Wang Ling's shift.

Wang Ling jumped off the Snow Mecha. He left the mecha with Jin Deng. Then he patted him on the shoulder. Then he disappeared directly on the beach.

After all, the arrest of members of the Four Elephants was just a sideshow. He still had to go back and continue playing games with Sun Rong...

Wang Ming should have saved a file for him.

But after returning this time, Wang Ling felt that he couldn't hide the fact that he was not an NPC.

...

At this point, everyone in Sixiang has been brought to justice.

Two people were seriously injured. It looked like they couldn't be saved.

Zhu Yu and Xiong Wu surrendered in time, so they are still breathing.

At this time, the two kneeling people saw Wang Ling completing the handover with Monk Jin Deng. The evil thoughts they had just given up in their hearts suddenly arose again.

After this earth is upgraded, how many people will be promoted to Venerated Immortal...

Even if they were unlucky and met a monster, it wouldn't be difficult to offend even this monk, right?

They knelt on the ground, making calculations secretly in their hearts. They were thinking about whether to continue running away.

As a result, the monk put his hands together.

Golden light emanates from the Buddha's palm.

A huge golden shadow of the Buddha appeared behind the monk. Only Zhu Xi and Xiong Wu could see it.

"Could this be...Dharma image..."

Zhu Xi and Xiong Wu were shocked again.

They know what it is.

It was also the first time for the two of them to see such a giant Dharma Buddha, which was as huge as a mountain.

However, this is not the end.

I saw monk Jin Deng facing the two of them and silently reciting "Namo Amitabha". The size of the golden Buddha behind him doubled again. It gradually expanded to the sky. www.uukanshu.net A pair of Buddha eyes appeared from the universe. Outside. Staring at them.

Ling Zhu? and Xiong Wu felt a mysterious universe and the fear of alien objects from the sky at the same time...

"Senior...senior brother..."

"Hey. It seems that we have been stuck in our ways for too long. We are completely out of touch with the modern cultivation society..."

Xiong Wu sighed.

He never dared to think otherwise.

He directly pulled Zhu? and kowtowed to the monk together.

"The holy monk will be merciful. We will never think of escaping again..." Xiong Wu said almost with a cry.

This feeling of powerlessness.

It left him embarrassed and helpless.

.The fastest website to update the mobile version:





Chapter 2162 Strategy player


Latest URL: Inside the Karma Base. Wang Ming's satellite signal shielding does not end until Monk Jin Deng leaves. Wang Ling needs protection. The monk also needs protection.

This is the result of Wang Ming's comprehensive consideration of the checks and balances in the modern world of cultivation. It is actually not good to expose one's own strength prematurely.

After all, a country like Michu has always made money from war since the founding of the Xiuzhen Kingdom. Moreover, it has a deep-rooted hegemonic mentality. It is completely unwilling to see others well...

Therefore, Wang Ming will not miss anyone who should be protected. When monk Jin Deng took over Wang Ling to suppress Zhu? and Xiongwu.

Wang Ming manipulates the clouds in this area to prevent satellites from directly penetrating the clouds to capture images below. This method is not just modern technology. At the same time, Wang Ming also uses part of the power of the Heavenly Dao cloud.

In the past, in order to protect his own people, Wang Ming's methods were limited to the modern cultivation technology developed by relying on his own intelligence. Now, even beings such as the miracles of the universe are using it.

Wang Ming doesn't know whether this kind of progress is good or bad. The variety of means sometimes does not mean stability.

He had a premonition that the Battle of Destiny might come at a certain time point in the future. And now they should not be far away from this time point.

Everything depends on Director Wang's arrangements.

...

On the other side, Director Wang quickly returned to the Karma Base using the teleportation technique. Zhai Yin had already prepared a new game cabin for him in advance.

"Ling Ling. Everything has been prepared for you."

Zhai Yin laughed: "You don't have to worry about the data. Everything has been saved for you. During your absence, we use an intelligent AI system to imitate your logical thinking when you sign up to perform power leveling operations."

She found that while she was speaking, Wang Ling was secretly observing the girl's sleeping face through the reinforced glass window of the game cabin.

"Oh." Wang Ling nodded slightly, looked away, and then lay back in the game cabin.

It turns out that during his absence, the character remained active... Is there actually a power-leveling mechanism?

Wang Ling didn't say much. Then he lay down directly.

The Itinerant Immortal method is better than Wang Ling imagined.

He was originally a person who didn't really like playing games, because no matter what game he played, he would eventually complete the game without any difference, and it was as if he had used a cheat.

But the Itinerant Immortal ring is different.

Wang Ling is still very strong in the game world. So strong that those players who have seen him would rather believe that he is an NPC than Zhenren.

But the Itinerant Immortal Ring is not a game that he can play alone.

How to win over the hearts of players in this game world. To unite the players into a single rope, thereby overcoming the difficulties currently faced by most players.

This is the fun of the game that Wang Ling really feels.

In other words. Wang Ling feels that he is playing the Itinerant Immortal magic ring now. It is more like a sand table deduction for the future battle of destiny.

The gray fog arranged by Bai Zhe is gradually making this game world become real.

In addition to facing this difficulty, Wang Ling has not forgotten the original purpose of him and Sun Rong entering the game. It was to assist Mr. Zanghu in completing his big plan to break the wall of spiritual consciousness.

This is the key.

But it's obvious. This time's big plan is far more difficult than Wang Ling imagined.

...

During the time when Wang Ling was temporarily away from the game. Sun Rong and Lao Huang were still carrying out city construction work according to the original plan.

Currently, there are many Wolongs in Fuyun Town. After Xiongwu came to challenge them, Fuyun Town, which was originally not rich in surrounding resources, has become the most popular gathering place for newbies among players.

And thanks to the sense of security brought by Wang Ling, the crime rate around Fuyun Town is also the lowest. No matter people or monsters, high-level players dare not bully easily. As for robbery, they can't even think about it. .

Moreover, the players who came here were very open-minded. After seeing many demon spirits who were working and being assigned by Fuyun Town to transport materials, they actually helped escort the materials to build the town.

"It's really strange. No one would attack these monsters carrying supplies. At first, I thought that if too many monsters became our coolies, the happiness index of the residents would drop." Sun Rong looked at the data generated by the system. Sand table. Smiled slightly.

"It's normal. Most players still fancy our NPPC from Fuyun Town, who is so unbelievable."

Lao Huang analyzed: "They know that these monsters are arranged by the general. Naturally, they will not take action. If they do, it may reduce the general's favorability towards these people."

Sun Rong: "So they help with rhyming supplies. Are they also increasing their favorability?"

"Apparently so."

Lao Huang nodded: "Although in the world of Itinerant Immortal, the more powerful the NPC, the harder it is to increase the favorability. But if you can increase the favorability to a certain level, you may be able to unlock additional hidden rewards."

"You have to know. There are some players who play Itinerant Immortal. They don't take the route of killing monsters and upgrading. They take the route of strategy."

"Strategy...route?"

"As the name suggests, you can increase your basic favorability by locking certain NPCs, completing designated tasks, or giving designated gifts. Once the basic favorability increases, you can go out on a date together."

"Can it still be like this?!" Sun Rong was shocked. I didn't expect that such an operation could be done.

"The strongest one among the current strategy players even married an NPC as his wife in his game world. Not only did he get all the property of that NPC, but he also got good equipment and magic weapons at the same time. It can be said that he is a soft rice in the game world. Hard ceiling."

"That's a talent..." Sun Rong's mouth twitched.

She felt that this was not something that ordinary people could do. It was really outrageous.

So, in order to cooperate with Mr. Zanghu's subsequent actions, should she also attack the general of Fuyun Town?

It stands to reason that she has worked diligently under this general for so long. She should have a good impression, right?

"Then Lao Huang. How should we judge the favorability?" Sun Rong asked.

"You can try to ask if you can ask someone out on a date. If it reaches the point where you can go on a date, then the basic value of favorability is enough. It should be at least 40 or above. Then this is a key node."

"Because in the process of subsequent dates, the favorability will still fluctuate. Generally speaking, as long as it can reach more than 60 points, you can ask the NPC for something. If the other party agrees to give it to you, you can directly show the specific relationship between you. Favorability value."

"That's it..." Sun Rong nodded.

The route to conquer the stream was much more difficult than she thought. Because the favorability level was hidden at the beginning. The value would not be displayed directly. www.uukanshu.net In other words, whether you can conquer the NPC still depends on your specific feeling. Certainly.

Now Sun Rong is very confused.

For Mr. Zanghu's big plan, she really wanted to try to capture the general of Fuyun Town... But what if she just went there and let her classmate Wang Ling see it...

While the girl was thinking wildly, Old Huang suddenly brightened his eyes and said, "In this case, there is no other way. In order for our Fuyun Town to develop better, I decided to go out in person to attack our general!"

"..." Sun Rong quickly grabbed Lao Huang and said, "Wait a minute, Lao Huang. You are a man!"

"I know. But this is a game. What does it matter? The only option for increasing the favorability of NPC is to be a couple. You can also be brothers! Of course. If this becomes a couple in the end, it can only be God's will... ."

"..."

Sun Rong wiped the cold sweat and said: "Don't, Lao Huang... It's better for me to do it... It's better for me to do it..."





Chapter 2163 Bravely Play Strategy Stream


Latest website: See Sun Rong to make up your mind. Only then did Lao Huang smile.

Yes. His plan succeeded.

Although Lao Huang is not very old, as an adult who has had several emotional experiences, how can he not see the little Jiujiu in Sun Rong's heart?

And Lao Huang actually knew it well. He felt that this Fuyun Town general... was probably Zhenren, not an NPC.

But Lao Huang suffered from the lack of any evidence.

Just because the player who played the NPC general was so dedicated, Lao Huang once suspected that this person either graduated from the acting department or the directing department.

This is so life-changing!

"Hey. It's such a pity. Since Miss Sun has decided to marry me, I won't win anyone's love." Old Huang shrugged and sighed.

Although Sun Rong has made up its mind, it still feels a little uneasy inside.

Not all players can master the strategy flow. Those who can use the method of strategy strategy to break out in the game world of Itinerant Immortal are very mature galgame players.

They are often well versed in strategies. They will understand how to operate the behavioral logic of game NPCs and deduce how to use game mechanisms to gain as much favor as possible from a certain NPC.

Sun Rong has also played similar games. She has also played the popular mobile game {Love and Paper Man} a while ago. But compared to the same type of galgame games. This kind of mobile games can usually be purchased through krypton gold. The way to use money ability to achieve the purpose of increasing favorability...

Itinerant Immortal is in the game world of the Magic Circle. Now that Sun Rong has no weapons, how can I gain the favor of this general?

Sun Rong feels a little troubled by this.

"Those who are barefoot are not afraid of those who wear shoes. Sometimes if you think too much, it may not be a good thing."

At this time, Lao Huang comforted Sun Rong and said: "Our logical thinking cannot be compared with professional strategy players. So it is completely meaningless to think about what strategy techniques they use."

"So Lao Huang, what you mean is..."

"Be spontaneous, follow your heart."

Lao Huang said: "Our current position is Wolong Recruitment Officer. The general of Fuyun Town also gave you the authority to manage Fuyun Town on his behalf. So I have a hunch that the basic value of his favorability towards you should be not low. Maybe you can A little more reckless."

"Speaking of which, has anything happened between you and him before? He would directly delegate the power of the town to a novice player. This is also a bit outrageous."

I have to say. Lao Huang’s words suddenly awakened Sun Rong.

"By the way...I helped him take care of the children in the house and teach them lessons..."

"No wonder."

Lao Huang clapped his hands: "If that's the case, it makes sense. As a father, the most troublesome thing is definitely not making money to support the family. It is taking care of the children and teaching them to complete their homework! I have many friends who are tutoring me. The Golden Core broke while the child was doing homework."

"..." Sun Rong was stunned.

I didn't expect that Lao Huang would have such an experience like speaking out from his own experience.

And with the in-depth communication with Lao Huang, although Lao Huang did not directly tell what kind of work he was engaged in in the real world, Sun Rong could more or less feel a bit of Lao Huang's maturity. The image of young social animals.

He should be in his early thirties. He is more than ten years older than her and Wang Ling.

The occupation I am engaged in does not conflict with staying at home. Therefore, it may be an Internet-related occupation such as a programmer.

After getting in touch with Lao Huang, she found that Lao Huang was a very cheerful and open-minded person, just like a little sun.

Such a personality is very infectious to Sun Rong.

If you can. Sun Rong I really want to meet Lao Huang in the real world.

Wang Ling has a social fear.

Lao Huang is another social cow.

Sun Rong feels that if in the real world, Lao Huang's existence might also affect Wang Ling.

...

On the other side. After returning to the game world, Wang Ling checked his data panel immediately.

Character attribute values. Wang Ling no longer cares about it at all. Because there is a god-level skill that can change destiny. Wang Ling can easily achieve attribute reversal through level deficit.

At this moment, what he really cares about is his health bar.

During the time he was away, the intelligent AI arranged by Wang Ming repeated his pattern of chanting mantras and helped him increase his health bar from the previous 100 million to 200 million.

How long had he been gone? He actually got an additional 100 million health points by relying on the AI to hang up...

How does this intelligent AI do it?

Wang Ling I imagined the scene of the AI silently reading the formula. I feel that there must be quite a lot of ghostly elements in it. Otherwise, it would never be possible to achieve such an effect.

Generally speaking, Wang Ling is quite satisfied with the current situation. Because of the existence of intelligent AI, Wang Ling has not been interrupted much.

I just don’t know if Sun Rong and European Airlines had any suspicions about me while I was away.

At this time, in the General's Mansion, Wang Ling woke up from a state of sitting cross-legged and dozing.

He was still working hard to play the role of the general of Fuyun Town. He was about to get up and go to the Wolong Recruitment Office to see the situation on the spot.

A familiar figure suddenly appeared in front of him outside the main hall.

Sun Rong...

This time is not the time to report on work.

So I came here. Do you have other matters?

Or...Sun Rong has already noticed the truth?

Under the mask, Wang Ling's expression no longer looked so calm. Although it was only a subtle change, it was undeniable that there were some micro-expressions on this paralyzed face.

The emotional constraints in the real world make Wang Ling's emotional response less sensitive. But this is a game. The virtual game world will give the most realistic response through the player's nervous system.

In other words, even though Wang Ling does not have any emotional reactions in the real world, the game system can directly present emotions into the game world by capturing nerves.

In other words. Various emotional reactions in the game world. Some of them are neural capture assistance on the system side.

So the moment I saw Wang Ling, I didn't know what Sun Rong was here for. Wang Ling suddenly felt a little panicked.

Immediately afterwards, a drop of sweat slid down the cheek under the mask.

He had never panicked when facing such a fierce map boss. www.uukanshu.net Instead, he had this kind of emotion when facing Sun Rong... Wang Ling wasn't sure if it was panic or nervousness. Or other emotions.

Maybe it's because he is worried that Sun Rong will be angry with him for concealing his behavior after being exposed by Sun Rong?

But why should you care about what girls think of you...

Wang Ling feels like I wasn’t like this before.

Maybe it’s because you’ve gotten too close to Sun Rong these days?

Wang Ling doesn’t understand.

What to do?

Do you want to open the door first?

At this moment, there was only a door in the main hall between him and Sun Rong.

The two people's thoughts were surprisingly in sync with each other.





Chapter 2164 Brave Rongrong is not afraid of difficulties


Habitually keep a distance. This is Wang Ling's regular practice since he has been single for nearly seventeen years.

But now Wang Ling has gradually discovered that there are very few existences that seem to be special cases. Especially since entering Number 60 High School. There are more and more such special cases. It is almost out of control. to the point...

If it weren't for Chen Chao, Guo Hao would still be in secret training right now. I'm afraid this Itinerant Immortal game world adventure would be indispensable without the participation of these two buddies.

It is unclear whether Wang Ling is a special case among special cases. But Wang Ling feels that at least for now, Sun Rong is also one of them.

She can always help him.

It is true that I helped him solve many problems.

Wang Ling has nothing to offer in return. He can only enlighten one White Rabbit toffee after another or an enlightened version of crispy noodles as a return gift.

However, the girl rarely seemed to eat the food he gave... According to the intelligence information Sun Ying'er revealed to Wang Ying. Wang Ying also revealed to herself.

Sun Rong specially opened a safe in the bank to hide the enlightened snacks he gave. And the insured amount was very high... It was almost the girl's pocket money for several months.

Wang Ling felt a little distressed after hearing this. One billion a month of pocket money. The insured amount is for several months.

How much crispy noodles can I buy?

Right now Wang Ling feels a little hesitant about his actions.

He could easily destroy a planet with just a few moves. But he never expected that he was facing a girl. This door was much heavier than he imagined.

So this time, it was too difficult for Wang Ling, who never took the initiative, to open the door.

Just when he was struggling, the girl outside the door took a deep breath and made the decision first and decisively.

After a loud murmur of "Brave Rongrong is not afraid of difficulties", Wang Ling saw the door being pushed open directly by Sun Rong. The force was extremely strong. Directly. It hit him in the face. It left the humanoid outline of Wang Ling on the door.

"General...are you okay?"

Sun Rong didn't expect Wang Ling to be standing behind the door when she opened the door. This operation shocked her.

The direct consequence is that the main hall gate HP-10000

General HP-0.00001

She originally came to attack the general. Unexpectedly, she just entered the door and completed a wave of door-opening kills, ambushing the general.

For a moment Sun Rong suddenly panicked.

At the door. When Lao Huang saw this scene, he held his forehead and sighed. The expression on his face was that he couldn't laugh or cry.

This is obviously not here to conquer... this is here to assassinate the general!

It’s really Li Liyuan’s masterpiece!

On the other side. Wang Ling also has to admit that he made some mistakes...

He didn't expect the girl to be so brave. And she was much more powerful than he imagined.

Although he was not hurt at all when the door was blown down. He almost stood there motionless. However, his whole body was suddenly thrown into disarray.

And. This directly gave Sun Rong the opportunity to approach him directly.

Worried that his actions might lower his favorability, Sun Rong immediately grabbed Wang Ling's shoulders and started shaking him after entering the door.

"General... I'm sorry. I didn't mean it. I really didn't come to assassinate you..."

"..."

She was filled with fear.

The main reason is that she didn't expect that she pushed the door a little too hard just now. After all, during the time when Wang Ling was offline, she gained several more levels. The character's comprehensive attributes are no longer comparable to those of her novice stage.

Simply pushing the door can cause massive damage to the door.

Now Sun Rong even feels a little bit of the pain that Wang Ling usually holds back...

Classmate Wang Ling is so pitiful.

Has he always come here like this?

I am afraid every day because I am afraid that I will be too strong and hurt others.

He is really nice. So gentle!

For a moment, Sun Rong was filled with emotions. At this moment, she was facing the general in front of her who seemed to have been completely stunned by her. She couldn't help but put the matter into Wang Ling's perspective.

And it was at this time that she discovered that the General Fuyun Town mask on Wang Ling's face actually had a broken corner.

What has she done...

Even the general's mask was destroyed by her.

Sun Rong had no time to think about all this.

That brave Rongrong slogan of not being afraid of difficulties still echoes in my mind.

Anyway, she was already reckless by opening the door this time. Even though her favorability level had been lowered, at least judging from his current performance, the general of Fuyun Town did not push her away.

This shows that the favorability value she has accumulated through taking care of the town these days is still quite high.

That also means that she has capital that she can continue to squander.

So reckless.

How about...being a little more reckless?

So the next second, something unexpected happened to Wang Ling again.

Sun Rong raised his hand and lifted his mask.

In the game world, Wang Ling cannot directly use spells to read minds. This directly leads to his inability to predict Sun Rong's next thought.

It turned out that the girl was much bolder than he imagined.

He actually raised his hand and took off his mask.

This directly exposes Wang Ling's face.

Looking at this all-too-familiar face in front of them, the two people in the General's Palace fell into a long silence.

Wang Ling is thinking about words. But his mind is blank.

He thought the girl would be angry. He thought he was teasing her in this way. But to his surprise, he saw Sun Rong wiping away tears.

I started to think about a big drama on my own.

Tears as big as pearls rolled down the girl's cheeks.

These are touching tears.

"Classmate Wang Ling. Woohoo...your initial mission. Is it...to hide your true player identity..."

"..." Wang Ling was stunned. Unexpectedly, Sun Rong would make up his mind like this.

In fact, Sun Rong's emotion at the moment is indeed based on this basic reasoning logic.

She felt that Wang Ling was usually lonely enough. This time he took the initiative to invite her to participate in the Itinerant Immortal game world. Since they met in Novice Village, there was no need to hide his identity from her. .

Unless you receive some initial mission, you have to hide yourself.

A person who was originally very lonely. As a result, she continued to choose to play the game in a lonely way. She also silently upgraded her, built equipment, and let her manage the town... I believe in her ability so much...

All of this made Sun Rong feel Wang Ling helpless.

The immortal king's helplessness...that's it!

"I'm sorry, classmate Wang Ling. I was too slow... I should have unveiled your mask earlier..."

Sun Rong shed tears of emotion while hugging Wang Ling's neck: "This way you won't feel lonely."

Wang Ling was just held by her.

My mind is still blank...

He didn't say anything at all.

I didn’t expect Sun Rong to come up with the story like this all by himself.

As expected of the Sun family...





Chapter 2165 Integrating Power


Latest website: . !

Things developed suddenly and the turning point was a bit abrupt. But the ending of the story was much better than Wang Ling imagined.

Even though he didn't take any action. Even though he didn't realize that he was unilaterally entangled with the girl's emotional reaction, it was actually some kind of emotional factor that was at work.

And she realized this late. Looking to the future, she had been waiting for him for more than ten years.

Of course, all this is another story.

For the current Wang Ling, the relationship between him and Sun Rong has not yet reached such a complicated level.

Now she is one of the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception. And she also has a rare and powerful fighting ability. So she is planning and planning everything in the rear and takes Sun Rong to play with her. Isn't it normal?

He also brought Diu Lei and his apprentice Zhuo Yi to play with him.

That's right. This is all based on the most basic logic of friendly partner behavior.

In addition, another very important point is that Wang Ling feels that Sun Rong is his relatively stable source of crispy noodles.

When Father Wang withheld his pocket money for no reason so that he could not buy the limited edition and simply bought it, Sun Rong's "kindness" Wang Ling was clearly remembered.

At the same time, outside the main hall of the General's Mansion, Lao Huang saw from a distance that Sun Rong put his arms around Wang Ling's neck.

There was no doubt in his mind that there were ten thousand black question marks floating over his face. He had no idea what was going on.

This...

Is it really Zhenren?

Old Huang is convinced.

I am completely convinced by Wang Ling's operation of pretending to be an NPC.

He and Sun Rong constantly conduct Turing tests to test it out!

In other words, if Sun Rong hadn't broken the mask on Wang Ling's face through this wave of door-opening assassinations, maybe this person would have planned to continue hiding it from Sun Rong.

But as for the reason for hiding it, Lao Huang has more ideas than Sun Rong.

Perhaps it was not just because the hidden mission required concealing one's identity. Lao Huang felt that perhaps Wang Ling was secretly planning it. Moreover, the strictness was such that even acquaintances could not easily inform them.

Of course, Huang did not choose to criticize these extra operations. He is not a discerning person. He does not want to destroy this hard-won reunion and harmony.

However, at this moment, Lao Huang's heart was undoubtedly still very messy.

Because he probably already knows the details of Sun Rong.

After all, the name Sun Yiyuan is too resounding. In addition, Sun Rong has demonstrated a mature style as a future corporate successor in managing the town. Lao Huang almost quickly determined that this person with the ID name "Sun" The female player in "Yiyuan" may be the legendary eldest lady of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group.

And the general from Fuyun Town in front of her is probably her classmate.

Good guys. Two Foundation Building high school students are cheating and killing everyone in the game world... The key point is that Huang is convinced. This is definitely not the result of krypton gold.

The game world of Itinerant Immortal is fair enough. There are no additional options other than taking chances from the game guides shared by a large number of players.

Of course. In order to ensure the revenue of the game, Bai Qiao will launch a skin function after the public beta of the game. That is, there will be no additional attribute bonus when sold. It is just a good-looking fashion.

This is a necessary operation to recover part of the game development costs.

...

The main hall of the General's Mansion. Wang Ling After the showdown, the situation in front of him seemed to become much clearer. At least for Lao Huang.

But when he saw Wang Ling being very frank, he began to switch among the various identities he had collected.

Lao Huang and Sun Rong were still shocked.

Now. Wang Ling's identities are: [waste], [prison head], [General Chen of Fuyun Town], [Demon Lord of Ten Caves of Fuyun Town] and [Demon Lord of Hundred Caves of Fuyun Town], [Wolong Recruitment Envoy ]...

Good guy. Are you going to take away all the NPC jobs?

"My classmate Wang deliberately concealed his identity. I think there is nothing wrong with this. It is very reasonable..." Lao Huang couldn't laugh or cry.

He feels that the current high school students in the Foundation Building are a bit too outrageous.

The key is that even if Wang Ling personally compiled a guide for such an operation, there is a high probability that it cannot be replicated.

Because it is too outrageous.

Now many people outside would rather believe that Wang Ling is an NPC than believe that he is a Zhenren player. This is the reason.

If Wang Ling is really a Zhenren player. In the minds of many people, Wang Ling has become an insurmountable legendary peak.

So Lao Huang felt that although Wang Ling had exposed his identity as a player at this time.

But fortunately, the number of people who know about this matter is still limited, so everything is still within the controllable range.

Everything seems to be back on track.

But soon, a series of system announcements began to appear in the World Channel.

[System] Xiong Wu, the president of the Four Elephants Guild, killed the player "Jiuquxi" in Eight Star Ridge.

[System] Xiong Wu, the president of the Four Elephants Guild, killed the player in Eight Star Ridge, "Today I want to be the cave master."

...

A series of system announcements. Xiongwu was killing everyone in the game world. Such anomalies immediately attracted the attention of Wang Ling.

Those people from Sixiangzhong have obviously been arrested in the real world, but their accounts in the game world are still logged in. And their behavior is more arrogant than before.

According to Si Xiang Zhong's previous style, they would just send sword immortal players of similar levels in the guild to rob. This would at least seem fair on the surface.

But now, a guild leader goes directly to bully newcomers, and directly kills the guild in the system announcement. This is a bit shameless.

"How could this happen..."

In the Karma Base, Shou Chong looked at a string of abnormal codes that were suddenly generated in the game world. He tried to correct it. But he found that this string of codes could not be modified by human factors.

Therefore. There is only one possibility that can explain this phenomenon.

That's when the gray fog arranged by Bai Zhe in the game world took effect.

Although Xiongwu's Zhenren was arrested, their game data has been realized. According to Xiongwu's own logical thinking, an independent individual was directly separated and became a real virtual person.

In other words, the data of the four core members of the Four Elephants who were arrested in the real world has become real in the game world.

They live in the game world of Itinerant Immortal. They are independent individuals created by Bai Zhe using twisted power.

Because of this. www.uukanshu.net No matter how Shou Chong corrects the game data, they cannot be erased.

"Good guy. This is obviously a bug..." Shou Chong was a little confused. Such a change was too sudden. And it was also a bit too complicated for him.

"Ling Ling can find a solution."

Wang Ming sighed.

The only solution for now is to believe that Wang Ling can resolve this matter satisfactorily.

And with his help, almost all the preliminary work has been completed.

After all, in the current world of Itinerant Immortal magic rings, Wang Ling is not the only one who drives the secret layout of cheats.

There are also other core members of the Office of Strategic Deception arranged by Wang Ming.

Qin Zhong, Xiang Yi, Zhuo Yi, Jiugong... They are all important forces that Wang Ling can use to form troops.





Chapter 2166 Pill Assassin


Latest website: . !

According to Mr. Zanghu's original drug store expansion plan, he could directly absorb all the drug stores in small and medium-sized towns in a short period of time, and acquire NPC drug stores as his own with high-quality and low-price elixirs.

Then, he will attract more NPC players to join the team through the drug store's publicity. He will develop and produce the elixir here. As long as the elixir formula is kept top-secret, this is a business that you can count on while lying down.

It is equivalent to saying that other players join Mr. Zanghu’s pharmacy. It is equivalent to opening an offline drug sales channel. Mr. Zanghu can earn franchise fees and a share of the sales of elixirs.

As for whether the quality of the medicines is excellent, Mr. Zanghu will be responsible for all the entrances here.

This is just a game. There are usually no drug safety issues. For the other players, as long as Mr. Zanghu can provide a stable supply, it is a win-win deal.

But after the demand increases, how to increase the production is also a big problem. If players are hired to participate, the formula of the elixir is likely to be leaked.

So Mr. Zanghu’s idea is to hire a large number of NPCs to refine elixirs for him.

This directly solves the problem of production capacity.

Originally, everything was developing in an orderly manner according to Mr. Zanghu's plan.

Until Mr. Zanghu went to a drug store in a medium-sized town to do some research. He was suddenly shocked to find that there was a level 4 elixir worth 5 million taels of silver openly displayed in the drug store in this medium-sized town.

"A level four elixir...5 million taels?"

Mr. Zanghu frowned.

This is also an elixir independently produced by the player. Generally speaking, the market price of a level 4 elixir in the world of Itinerant Immortal is usually 1 million.

Unless the material is particularly rare, there may be a double premium.

Take this level 4 elixir worth 5 million. Mr. Zanghu carefully checked the information on this elixir.

Name: Immortal Dragon Blood Pills

Quality: Level 4

Rarity:★★★★

Function: After taking it, all attributes can be temporarily increased by 25 points. It lasts for 24 hours. This temporary attribute bonus will be effective for the copy and the player's PK at the same time. At the same time, a special halo of "Reflection of Light" will be obtained.

Note: In the special state of "Returning to Light", when your character encounters a fatal blow, he will not die directly. Instead, he will be locked in the state of 1 drop of blood. At the same time, when the "Returning to Light" state is in effect, the body will be cleared. All abnormal conditions.

To be honest, the effectiveness of elixirs cannot be said to be top-notch.

Some of Mr. Zanghu's existing elixirs also have such special medicinal properties. However, the probability of it coming out is relatively low.

So 5 million pieces. In Mr. Zanghu’s opinion, it’s a bit too outrageous.

And he discovered this when he was checking out.

"This gentleman looks very similar to Tibetan Fox. Excuse me...do you want to buy it?" The clerk looked at Mr. Tibetan Fox politely and said.

This is what Mr. Zanghu thinks is most outrageous.

Because it is for market research. Usually when a new map arrives, Mr. Zanghu will buy all the elixirs in this pharmacy at once. Do a price survey.

As a result, I never expected that when choosing the elixir, the price of the 5 million Gui Immortal Dragon Blood Pill was actually hidden!

It wasn't until he noticed the astronomical figures on the bill when he was paying the bill that he realized he had been stabbed in the back!

There is no doubt despair on Mr. Zanghu's face...

He had only heard of the Ice Cream Assassin.

But I have never heard of the Pill Assassin.

In the real world, daily necessities like elixirs must have strict production qualifications. They must be strictly controlled from production to sales. Most of the elixirs that can be purchased on the market have clearly marked prices. Even if prices fluctuate in different places, usually It will not exceed 3 yuan of Huaxiu coins.

oh...

This is a game.

That's okay.

I can only say that the person who can use the Ice Cream Assassin routine to sell elixirs in the game is indeed a talent.

And their sales model is clearly targeted at users. They basically only target players with money or new players who don’t understand it at all.

The raw materials may not be real. Although it is rare, it is not that rare. Therefore, the value of one pill is 5 million. More of the 4 million in it comes from the story of the elixir itself.

Use content marketing to open up customers' minds and make buyers feel that the elixir they purchased is worth the money.

So essentially.

What I bought here was not only the elixir, but also a touching little story...

This really clears up the process of paying for content!

He glanced at the clerk in front of him with a look of disdain in his eyes. It was obvious that this clerk had undergone a considerable degree of training.

Mr. Zanghu probably knows a little bit about this type of routine.

Usually when they hesitate to pay, these clerks will put on a scornful face and use micro-expressions or indifferent sarcastic remarks to stimulate your purchase.

But Mr. Zanghu is a veteran. As a walking encyclopedia of the world of cultivation, Mr. Zanghu’s experience is not limited to books. He also has rich social experience.

He would not be fooled by the clerk's glare. In the end, he removed the elixir assassin directly from the shopping cart and left.

Although the existence of Pill Assassin targets the mid-to-high-end market, there is no obvious conflict with Mr. Zanghu’s current layout. But in the future, when Mr. Zanghu wants to enter the high-end market, it will seem a bit awkward to enter this part of the market. It's too late.

And in Mr. Zanghu’s view, if you want to make elixirs high-end, you absolutely cannot rely on simple stories.

He needs to really make the elixir high-end. Make this elixir worthwhile and gain recognition from mainstream players.

In addition to using top-quality raw materials, the method of refining elixirs must also be updated.

Traditional alchemy uses alchemy furnaces. The alchemy furnace rooms in modern cultivation societies are all combined with high-tech equipment and networked big data. All the medicinal materials added are accurate to the milligram. Even the temperature is precisely controlled by modern technology. This makes The quality of elixirs has been stabilized and standardized.

However, under this standardized model, the elixirs produced are naturally standardized elixirs. In ancient times, monks used the same formula to refine elixirs. www.uukanshu.net The elixirs produced have different characteristics. This is based on nature. The addition of force gives the elixir other additional properties.

Take Mr. Zanghu's alchemy refining in the wild as an example. He uses the most primitive pots and pans. The success rate is not as good as that achieved with regular elixirs. The advantage is that he can stably refine some specific elixirs.

At this time.

Mr. Zanghu opened the game map.

He had a very bold idea in his heart.

There are thousands of ways to make elixirs. But if there is any way that can greatly increase the value of elixirs and maximize the specificity of elixirs... Mr. Yi Zanghu's personal experience can only think of one.

He needs to find an active volcano!

Yes!

Volcano alchemy!

He will use the active volcano as an alchemy furnace to refine the elixir!





Chapter 2167 High-end elixirs will not melt!


. !

Utilize natural conditions to refine elixirs. The probability of creating top-level specific elixirs will also be greatly increased. However, due to environmental protection and various factors under modern conditions, the volcanic craters of all major cultivation countries are closely monitored. within the range.

Active volcanoes are state-owned properties of all major cultivating countries.

Therefore, the operation of refining elixirs through active volcano craters is difficult to achieve in the context of modern cultivation society.

And because the danger of making alchemy through volcanoes is too great, using active volcanoes to make alchemy is also strictly prohibited in modern cultivation methods.

Because the formation of a special elixir is likely to trigger a greater natural thunder disaster. When the thunder disaster pours into the crater, it will directly become the fuse to detonate the volcano, thus ultimately causing irreversible damage.

However, this rule is not restricted in the game world.

The most authentic restoration of the world of cultivation laws of the old era. This itself is also one of the charms of the Itinerant Immortal magic ring. But for Mr. Zanghu, although he has the ability to lay out the market for high-end elixirs at this stage, he can use active volcanoes to refine elixirs. The risk is far greater than before.

This also means that Mr. Zanghu needs to recruit trustworthy players to help him. Otherwise, based on his current strength, even if he hires the top NPC to help him, there will still be too many surprises.

So, who should I look for?

Call people directly through [World Channel]?

For a moment, Mr. Zanghu fell into deep entanglement.

Now that you have decided to find someone, the helper you find must be strong enough.

The president of the Four Elephants Group has gone crazy. He is killing newcomers everywhere in the wild map. If he does not have a master to protect him in his subsequent actions, he may also become the target of the opponent's sword.

By the way...

Isn't Fuyun Town recruiting Wolong?

At this time, Mr. Zanghu raised his eyebrows. Today's Fuyun Town can be said to be a gathering of talents. It can be said to be the safest place in the world of Itinerant Immortal.

Thanks to the powerful general's presence, even the Four Elephants and others did not dare to provoke that area easily. They had just returned in disgrace and defeat. It seemed that it was difficult to dispel their depressed mood for a while. Only then did they choose He used other wild maps to harm newcomers in other wild maps.

But in fact, the more the Four Elephants are stirring up trouble in the wild, this will actually make players move closer to Fuyun Town.

Because there are strong players here. Incidents of high-level players bullying new players will happen in this area.

He will definitely be despised by the rest of the world.

"Looks like it's time to go there in person."

At this moment, Mr. Zanghu was thoughtful.

This Fuyun Town has been his focus from the beginning.

Because I have seen too many of them on the World Channel.

And Mr. Zanghu had doubts about the identity of the Fuyun Town general from the very beginning.

Although most players now think it must be an NPC, it would be a bit outrageous if it were a real player.

It can be analyzed from the perspective of behavioral logic.

Mr. Zanghu identified it from the beginning. That was 100% a real player...

Definitely not an NPC.

...

At the same time, in the map of Future Science and Technology City, Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi also successfully became members of the Four Elephants Guild after being recommended by the Immortal player Li Ziye.

Nowadays, the Four Elephants are almost synonymous with evil people in the guild. Members of the Four Elephants guild are almost unwelcome wherever they go.

Especially after the incident in which Xiongwu openly tried to bully newcomers by relying on his level advantage, the entire guild entered a "bringing evil people" mode.

If someone takes the lead and the guild is not welcomed, then there will be two distinct forks at the next intersection.

Either quit the guild. Or just follow the leader Xiong Wu and mess around. Join the team that bullies others.

Li Ziye is considered a veteran player of the Four Elephants. He still has a lot of affection for the Four Elephants. He doesn't understand why the president of his guild suddenly went crazy and became like this.

"Although I also rob...but I won't be so blatant!" Li Ziye yelled.

Indeed...

When Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi were robbed at the beginning, Li Ziye planned it carefully. He knew that this behavior was very bad, so he specially surrounded Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi into a building, and then decided to take action.

But what he never expected was that he would be manipulated by Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi.

"I didn't expect you to sympathize with other players." Xiang Yi smiled: "You were merciless when you robbed us before."

"That was all an accident..."

"Tell me about it. What other bad things have you done?"

"This..."

Li Ziye sighed: "Have you... heard of the elixir assassin?"

"You mean the kind of elixir that is sold without a clear price tag?" Qin Zhong raised an eyebrow.

He had also been tricked when he visited the drug store before. He was full of naughty words and was about to make a complaint. Unexpectedly, the person in charge of the elixir assassin business was actually Li Ziye in front of him.

"Good guy. It turns out it's you who is doing these things."

"Harm. One is willing to fight and the other is willing to suffer. I am here to make money. And the value of this elixir is also there. It is just a little bit more expensive."

Li Ziye made a gesture of understanding as he spoke: "And compared to other elixirs, my elixir is indeed different."

"What's the difference?"

"Other elixirs need to be stored at a constant temperature. Once the temperature is too cold or too hot, either the medicine will lose its effectiveness or it will melt directly. This elixir of mine is different. This elixir of mine will not melt!"

At this point, Li Ziye seemed to have some pride on his face: "My elixir is a formula that I have developed through hard work. The skin of the elixir is made of pure natural pollution-free calf skin jam from Dongli Prefecture in Missouri. After Natural extraction and boiling. Finally purified."

"..."

Obviously. This is a marketing story made up by Li Ziye in order to successfully sell his elixir.

The world of Itinerant Immortal's magic ring is huge. Although Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi are just playing it, they have done strategy work before coming here.

Where is a place like Midong Dongli Prefecture?

"I have no enmity with you. Why do you treat me like a fool?" Qin Zhong looked at Li Ziye with a smile.

Li Ziye felt a little guilty when he saw Qin Zhong's eyes. He immediately sighed and said, "I am in the high-end elixir market. So naturally I have to cut off Jiucai from high-level players... They are the ones with the money. I never cheat newcomers." Yes. Only rich people can buy this elixir. But in the story I just told, it is true that my elixir will not melt."

"So confident? What if... you throw your elixir into an active volcano?"

"This..."

Li Ziye thought for a while.

He really hasn't tried it...





Chapter 2168 Qin Zhong’s Book of Probability


Latest URL: About ten minutes ago. Qin Zhong used his own method to learn Mr. Zanghu’s next move.

Catching the fugitive members of the Four Elephants was originally one of Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi's missions when they entered the game world. Now these people have been arrested in real life. As a result, this group of data has been realized in the game world. It has become a real existence. "person".

Xiang Yi is very familiar with this routine of communication between the two worlds. Although it is a bit different from his own experience, the similarity is still there.

For example, his famous puppet Wang Yuanxi. In a sense, Wang Yuanxi is also a fictional object that does not exist in the real world. But his will is preserved in some form.

And later, with the help of Xiang Yi, Wang Yuanxi successfully ascended from the state of a puppet. He obtained a more powerful body and became more powerful than before.

So. From the perspective of Xiong Wu and others in the game world who transform a bunch of data into real characters, this can also be regarded as a process of upgrading from two-dimensional to three-dimensional creatures.

Like Wang Yuanxi, they have evolved. In theory, their strength at this time is more powerful than the real world.

This undoubtedly makes the current situation troublesome.

Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi only heard about the current situation from Wang Ming. But they had not received new instructions yet. Therefore, they did not dare to act rashly.

This is the beginning of the chaos. And the person behind the chaos is still Bai Zhe. It should not be underestimated.

It is very important to follow the formation command in a chaotic situation. Otherwise, I am afraid that the whole situation will develop in a more chaotic direction.

Therefore, Qin Zhong returned the main task line to assist Mr. Zanghu.

Since he had not yet established contact with Mr. Zanghu, Qin Zhong used his old method.

This is a book of probability. It records various daily activities of a cultivator. These activities will also be expanded and detailed.

For example, refining elixir.

This is a big category.

Then under Qin Zhong's refinement, this broad category was also divided into the following branches.

Technology alchemy]

1: Modern pressure cooker alchemy

2: Modern hotpot alchemy

3: Modern high-tech equipment for alchemy

4: Modern induction cooker for alchemy

...

99: Modern workshop alchemy

Ancient method of alchemy]

1: Ancient method of alchemy furnace

2: Ancient method of rubbing elixirs and refining elixirs

3: Ancient method of quenching and alchemy

4: Ancient method of active volcano alchemy

...

99: Sacrifice the author to make elixir

...

Qin Zhong has made a very detailed division into each of the above categories.

It’s not just about elixirs. It also reflects on refining weapons, setting up formations, and various daily activities that a monk may engage in.

In Xiang Yi's opinion, each of the listed things is so specific that it looks like a piece of program code.

At first he didn't know the purpose of Qin Zhong listing these trivial things in detail.

Until he and Li Ziye saw Qin Zhong's next move.

"Please tell me what Mr. Zanghu plans to do next."

Pointing at the temporary version of the book of probability that he had compiled, Qin Zhong began his performance. He put his hand on the book and asked a question with a sense of conviction.

Then he started turning the pages.

The page directly stopped at the section of the big page Alchemy] Ancient Methods Alchemy].

"Please tell me how Mr. Zanghu plans to make the elixir."

Then I heard Qin Zhong turn over it again with his bare hands.

The answer finally revealed in this book of probability is "active volcano alchemy".

"That's it. Mr. Zanghu's next step is to use active volcanoes to make elixirs." Qin Zhong closed the book again. He felt that he understood everything.

"..."

Next to them, Xiang Yi and Li Ziye were once again completely shocked by Qin Zhong's koi-like performance.

What the hell...

Is this okay?

"Brother, let's just say this is a bit too hasty..." Xiang Yi was a little skeptical about this kind of performance. Although he had seen many similarly outrageous operations before.

The lottery is directly the top prize. These are trivial things. Qin Zhong's reliance on the koi's physique to navigate is also very scary.

For example, if he wants to find someone, he can do it with just a stick-shaped object.

Just like now. Just call out that person's name and then throw it away. The direction the stick-shaped object points to is the direction where that person is now.

At the same time, in order to make it easy to correct the direction at any time, Qin Zhong will keep a toothpick on his body at all times. In this case, he can place the toothpick on the palm of his hand for positioning.

"It can't be wrong. This is the method I have used for a long time." Qin Zhong shook his head with a smile on his face.

Although this book of probability is currently compiled by him, the major categories and details are not as comprehensive as the one in the real world. But it is still barely enough for now.

Use the book of probability to find ways to answer the questions. Qin Zhong has tried every time.

Of course, there are also cases where the answer cannot be read.

For example, Qin Zhong cannot analyze Wang Ling's next move.

Wang Ling is too strong. It is impossible to figure out this man's next move. This is completely within Qin Zhong's expectation.

Of course. In addition, there is another person, Qin Zhong, whose behavior cannot be analyzed at this stage...

That is Bai Zhe.

Compared with the mosaic that Bai Zhe got when trying to figure out Wang Ling, what Bai Zhe showed here was not that there was no result, but a blank page.

This shows that Bai Zhe. Qin Zhong can actually pre-read at this stage. But this current book of probability is not as comprehensive as his original one from the outside world, so it cannot show the real answer.

Faced with such "hasty" behavioral reasoning, if it were someone else, Xiang Yi would definitely not believe it. But this man is Qin Zhong... Xiang Yi has reasons that he has to believe.

As for Li Ziye, he was outside the situation. It was completely unclear where these two people came from.

I always feel like I'm involved in something incredible...

"Who are you two?" Li Ziye couldn't help but asked.

"When the time is right, www.uukanshu.net will tell you."

Qin Zhong still answered accurately.

Then he took out the toothpicks he had prepared and placed them in his palm.

According to the position pointed by the toothpick, that direction is exactly the direction of Fuyun Town where Wang Ling is located.

"It seems that Mr. Zanghu's next move is to go to Fuyun Town." Qin Zhong said.

"He wants to find the crater near Fuyun Town?"

"This is the only possibility."

Qin Zhong nodded: "Xiong Wu has gone crazy. He is killing players everywhere. Mr. Zanghu's elixir layout has just been launched. According to Xiongwu's character, if he encounters Mr. Zanghu making elixirs in the wild using an active volcano, he will definitely attack him."

"Now. In the entire Itinerant Immortal magic circle, the area around Fuyun Town is the safest place."





Chapter 2169 Small Town Alchemist


Latest website: Relying on the special use of his own luck. Qin Zhong accurately deduced Mr. Zanghu's next move.

Mr. Zanghu is well versed in the history of cultivation. So it is not surprising at all to know the primitive and exciting ancient alchemy technique of active volcano alchemy.

The history of modern human cultivation has been shaped by the continuous efforts and attempts of generations of ancestors. It has been updated and iterated. This is even more true when looking into the future.

For modern human monks, the future path of cultivation will only become more scientific and convenient.

So please never look down on those old-era monks who hid in remote areas and worked hard to study various cultivation techniques in a dark environment.

Nowadays, some people jokingly call them "small town alchemists", "small town weapon refiners", and "small town formation masters". But little do they know that the development of every skill tree in modern human technology is inseparable from these." The branches cultivated by the efforts of small town residents.

The more colorful and plump the fruits are that grow on the tops of big trees, the more you should be in awe of these little-known small town families.

Forefathers planted trees for future generations to enjoy the shade. These are the most simple and easy-to-understand principles, but some people don’t understand them.

So do they really not understand?

No. They understand better than anyone else. They just like to pretend they understand.

Fanning the wind and igniting the fire. Provoking conflicts between high-level monks and low-level monks. This is the fundamental purpose of these "satirists".

He looks smarter than everyone else, but in fact he is worse than everyone else.

On the way to Fuyun Town, Xiang Yi listened to Qin Zhong's various analyzes and thoughts. His respect for Qin Zhong couldn't help but grow deeper.

He is nearly ten years younger than Qin Zhong. He thought he had seen a lot. But in fact, after teaming up with Qin Zhong for a long time, Xiang Yi gradually found that his behavioral logic and way of thinking on certain things were still too naive.

His girlfriend Lin Wan has always said that he is childish. Now Xiang Yi can feel some differences between them from Qin Zhong.

Although he feels that men are sometimes childish, which is a sign of acting coquettishly towards the person they like, but sometimes they are untimely childish, which makes them look a little giant.

Xiang Yi feels that he has not yet reached the stage of "giant baby". However, the charm of a mature man exuding from Qin Zhong reminds him.

I still have a lot to learn.

On the other side, Mr. Zanghu had already arrived near Fuyun Town with a convoy of medicinal materials he hired. The scene in front of him horrified Mr. Zanghu.

Under the construction of Wang Ling, Sun Rong, Fuyun Town has begun to take shape. It cannot be described by the word "town" at all.

For a moment, Mr. Zanghu thought of the classic movie line "This is eight years old!?"

Yes. In the eyes of Mr. Zanghu, this is no longer a small town. Everything in front of him is too gorgeous. There are NPC guards stationed on the towering defensive towers at the four entrances of the city in the southeast, northwest and northwest.

Level 60 NPC guard

It can be said that he is an existence at the level of an old boss on the map. He works as a sentinel in a place called "Floating Cloud Town".

This is not the most outrageous thing. The most outrageous thing is that Mr. Zanghu is passing by this moat lake.

That's right. This is not a moat. It's a lake.

Surrounded by water. Bottomless.

The way leading to the city gate is a wide main road paved with a well-constructed aura barrier. It is very solid. There is an endless stream of people coming and going on it.

Once the town is in danger, the aura barrier can be retracted instantly. And everyone on this main road will fall into the bottomless lake at the same time.

While passing by the road, Mr. Hidden Fox also discovered a huge shadow swimming under the lake. This was a creature comparable in size to a giant dragon. It was hiding under the lake.

Mr. Hidden Fox's level was too low. He could only see the huge shadow of this water monster. When his sight focused on it, the level displayed in the level column was "???".

The water monster with a level of three question marks has become the second solid line of defense for Fuyun Town in addition to this exaggerated moat.

This is a monster kept in captivity by Wang Ling.

It was the monster that was locked up in the dungeon after Wang Ling acquired the identity of prison leader. Wang Ling discovered that this monster could be tamed and raised.

Just feed it with blood.

And what Wang Ling lacks most is p

Moreover, the p he lost can be quickly recovered by resting and swallowing pills that restore blood in proportion. Therefore, feeding this tameable monster will only temporarily deduct some of his own health for Wang Ling.

To put it bluntly, this health value is just a bunch of game data. It is not valuable.

What Wang Ling didn't expect was.

I fed myself a little over 100 million.

Turn this little guy into a big guy

And it wasn't until Wang Ling that this little guy grew up that he was shocked to discover that the prototype of this little guy was actually a mutated blood-swallowing god Kun.

Because they are too big, there is no place to raise them.

So after discussing with Sun Rong, Sun Rong decided to change the moat of Fuyun Town into a moat lake as a temporary place to house this big guy.

Of course, the moat lake is also conservative. Because according to Sun Rong's plan, the moat lake will eventually evolve into a moat sea and expand its scope again.

At the same time, the existence of the city protection sea can also help Fuyun Town add a trade port, increase additional economic benefits and seafood exchanges, and turn Fuyun Town, which was originally surrounded by mountainous areas, into a coastal city.

This will not only greatly promote the Maritime Silk Road in Fuyun Town, but also greatly expand the local tourism industry. It will be very helpful to the happiness index of urban residents.

So why is it said that Fuyun Town is now the safest place in the entire Itinerant Immortal game world?

Not just because of Wang Ling.

It's even more because the guardian beast of this "small town" is the blood-swallowing god Kun.

According to the original game settings, it is not easy to cultivate the blood-swallowing god Kun. In the early stage, it is a very gold-swallowing deal. Because the blood-swallowing god Kun consumes at least 50,000 drops from players every day in its infancy. Blood.

This amount of blood alone is not something that ordinary people can afford.

But fifty thousand drops of blood is nothing to Wang Ling. www.uukanshu.net

He even fed the blood-swallowing god Kun to its full capacity.

As for the reason why even the sentries Mr. Zanghu saw were level 60, that would be a better explanation.

Wang Ling This wave has fed the blood-swallowing god Kun. Since the blood-swallowing god Kun is already the defending beast of Fuyun Town, the level of three question marks directly caused the local NPC to become involuntarily involved.

As a result, the level of NP regionalization has been greatly improved.

So, when Mr. Zanghu entered the pharmacy in Fuyun Town and saw the level 80 pharmacy owner, he was completely stunned.

Barbie. What is this? Is anyone here? Is anyone here?

For a moment, Mr. Zanghu fell into deep thought. 3 question mark-level city guardian beasts. 60-level sentinels. 80-level drug store bosses and 1-level city lords.

This Fuyun Town is really interesting





Chapter 2170 Bai Zhe is empty


The latest website: On the ferry in the restricted area of the sea. Qiao Yanyuan put on his helmet. In this way, signals from outside the universe were secretly transmitted into the earth.

This is a signal from Bai Zhe. Because the energy is too strong, only a part of Bai Zhe's power is transmitted here.

When everything was ready, Qiao Yanyuan silently recited the password three times.

"Don't answer. Don't answer. Don't answer"

Buzz!

Right in front of him, a figure that resembled a lake appeared. It was illuminated by the bright moonlight and emitted astonishing spiritual energy fluctuations. Its movements seemed to have the potential to crush the sun, moon, and stars.

It is the part of Bai Zhe Li Yongbo and Qiao Yanyuan's signaling device that is remotely projected to the earth.

"Xiao Qiao, you did a good job." Bai Zhe spoke and praised Qiao Yanyuan who was kneeling on the ground.

The unruly nature of the Dragon Clan is also passed down to the Dragonborn. They will not kneel down to anyone easily, unless this person is someone they consider to be a strong person and a follower.

Facing Bai Zhe's body, Qiao Yanyuan knelt down directly, which represented his surrender to Bai Zhe.

"I am the Dragon Lord. I will devote myself wholeheartedly!" Qiao Yanyuan kowtowed.

Bai Zhe nodded with satisfaction. His body was radiating light. Even if he only differentiated an energy signal, it was amazing. The spiritual energy all over his body was majestic. After landing on the earth, even the weather of heaven and earth changed. The sky was like It was refined into a vision of surging aurora. The bright moonlight stretched across the void like chains.

Snap!

He snapped his fingers. Two rays of light shot directly into Qiao Yanyuan's two dragon horns.

Qiao Yanyuan felt that his whole body was filled with spiritual energy. It was as if he had reached a new level online!

Heavenly Ancestor!

He actually reached the realm of Heavenly Ancestor!

Qiao Yanyuan can believe it.

The realm that originally took him several epochs of hard work actually allowed him to break through in one fell swoop!

This is Bai Zhe's Everlasting Moonlight. Spiritual energy can be directly rewarded through infusion. Only creatures with dragon bloodline can receive such a gift.

Qiao Yanyuan was shocked.

He knew that Bai Zhe was powerful. But he didn't expect that Bai Zhe's strength had reached such an extent.

Giving rewards casually is the realm of Heavenly Ancestor. So how strong is Bai Zhe’s own strength now?

For a time, he was full of expectations for the future of the Dragon Clan. He felt that the date of restoring the Dragon Clan and returning the Dragon Clan to the first race in the universe was not far away!

The battle of destiny in the future!

Just after Bai Zhe became the complete body of Moonlight Dragon!

The dragon army joins forces with Fenmu Shen. They will surely create a new universe myth!

"Xiao Qiao, from today on, you will be the general of our dragon clan. You will be given the title: Purple Sun Dragon Lord." Bai Zhe said.

Because of the barrier outside the earth, his virtual body could only come to the earth in this tortuous way. The first thing he did when he came to the earth was to help Qiao Yanyuan further improve his combat power.

Qiao Yanyuan was flattered by this. He knew exactly what this meant.

In the historical situation of the development of the Dragon Clan, apart from the three leaders of the Dragon Clan, Yueguang, Anniha, and Cangyuan, how many people can be appointed as Dragon Clan generals?

Starting from the history of the dragon clan, you can count them on your fingers. Dragons who can be appointed as generals have made outstanding contributions to the dragon clan.

This is equivalent to directly giving Qiao Yanyuan an establishment within the Dragon Clan system!

Therefore, what makes Qiao Yanyuan panic is that he did not undergo several rounds of written examinations and interviews like the dragon generals in history. Instead, he was directly given such rights by Bai Zhe.

Do this. Is there really no problem?

"Actual combat is the best interview."

In this regard, Bai Zhe has already understood Qiao Yanyuan's concerns.

He was able to survive after a head-on conflict with Wang Ling on Earth. This has proved Qiao Yanyuan's own ability. Even if his combat power is not as good as that of the dead fish eye, at least this is a rare person who can compete with Wang Ling. Wang Ling People who engage in short-term dealings.

And this is why Bai Zhe is attracted to Qiao Yanyuan. It will take some time before he completes his evolution and reaches his ultimate form. That is why he also needs to make arrangements in many aspects to cause trouble to Wang Ling, thereby delaying time.

Of course. This time Bai Zhe came to earth in a virtual form.

The real purpose is naturally not to unilaterally announce that Qiao Yanyuan will be given a staff position under the Dragon Clan system and to enhance his overall combat power.

There are other purposes as well.

"My subordinates are bold to guess. The Dragon Lord trapped that dead fish eye into the game world. I'm afraid he has another purpose." Qiao Yanyuan also saw this.

He immediately bowed and asked.

"The game world can't trap him." He has played against Wang Ling several times. Bai Zhe knows the specific strength of Wang Ling. He set up the fog of reality in the game world. Let The data in the game world becomes real one by one.

All his layouts seemed complicated, but Bai Zhe knew very well. The boy didn't pay attention to the obstacles he set at all.

He designed all of this. The fundamental purpose is still for Wang Muyu.

As long as Wang Ling can be temporarily attracted into the game world, his purpose will be achieved.

Soon, his figure turned into a white light and disappeared from Qiao Yanyuan's eyes.

He placed Qiao Yanyuan on the earth and used Qiao Yanyuan as a "transport" hidden on the earth in order to input his own energy signal to the earth so that he could discuss it carefully with Wang Muyu.

Everything is within Bai Zhe's plan.

In a secret and elegant pavilion surrounded by mountains on the outskirts of Songhai City. Yi Jianchuan brought Wang Muyu here.

The turmoil in the maritime restricted area has not subsided. It is still in a confrontation. Both sides are in the wait-and-see stage. The fleet is still in a confrontation at the entrance to the maritime restricted area.

However, judging from the situation, it is now completely deadlocked. No one dares to take the lead.

The Sword Master predicted that this situation would probably not be fought, so he took Wang Muyu to the rear to rest, and called on the other generals to take charge of the frontline work.

When there is a fight, you can call him again.

Of course. He was sure that even if he didn't go, www.uukanshu.net there wouldn't be any problems ahead. Because he could see that Yue Lingwei, Zhang Zhui was not an ordinary person.

Wang Muyu has been living in the luxurious villa of the Sun Rong family since he came to the human world. This time he set foot in the elegant little pavilion, which gave him a sense of deformation.

His master was a simple man. However, he was a dignified swordsman who lived in poverty and lived a happy life. He blended into this natural landscape. He felt the harmony of heaven and man. Wang Muyu felt that Yi Jianchuan exuded a cool feeling.

Before coming, Yi Jianchuan had already asked all the idle people in the pavilion to leave, leaving him and Wang Muyu some space alone.

"Muyu, I asked everyone to evacuate. There are only you and me here today. I have a question to ask you."

I saw the sword master with his hands behind his back. His body was slightly floating in the void as usual. He turned his face slightly and looked at Wang Muyu with a kind expression.

"Teacher, please speak." Wang Muyu bowed. He was very polite.

"Teacher wants to ask you, who are you?"





Chapter 2171 It’s the Juggernaut. But not just the Juggernaut


After all, Yi Jianchuan is a person who has come before. Thousands of years of Taoism are not fake here. Although his combat power is not as good as Wang Muyu's, he has rich experience. So when Yi Jianchuan deliberately arranged such a quiet place to ask Wang Muyu's true identity.

In fact, Wang Muyu had already predicted this scene deep in his heart.

It was only a matter of time before Yi Jianchuan discovered his true identity.

The only thing that made Wang Muyu's prediction wrong was that the time of discovery was a bit too early... He had just been a disciple for a long time. This revealed his flaws.

"How did the teacher find out?" Wang Muyu did not answer directly. He asked rhetorically first.

"Yue Lingwei, Zhang Zhui. These two casual cultivators know you, right?" Yi Jianchuan said, rubbing his hanging long temples.

In fact, in the final analysis, this is a kind of intuition. Through visual communication and analysis of micro-expressions.

Even if a few people pretend to be complete strangers, they have not escaped Yi Jianchuan's sight after all. There is a lot of theoretical knowledge in the modern world of cultivation. As a general who has shown his prominence in the past, he can bear the name of Sword Master. The knowledge that Yi Jianchuan possesses is not just superior swordsmanship.

Yes. In addition to being a sword master, he is also a doctor of psychology.

"Teacher...it turns out you have a doctorate in psychology..." Wang Muyu was shocked. Because this was information he had never known before. He thought that the Office of Strategic Deception had done a detailed investigation of the Juggernaut's background. The results were not as expected and there were still some missing parts.

But there is nothing surprising about this. After all, how long has the Office of Strategic Deception been established? As the founding general of the country, the Sword Master is already a veteran of the battlefield.

In the history of the cultivation of Huaxiu Country, this is a living fossil old monster level figure!

"It's just some insignificant little status." Yi Jianchuan's face remained calm. He took Wang Muyu to a bookcase in the elegant house and turned an antique vase on the bookcase.

Soon the sound of the gears on the bookcase turning was heard. The entire bookcase opened along both sides, fully revealing the hidden alcove behind the bookcase.

This is Yi Jianchuan's medal wall specially used to hang various certificates and medals. Wang Muyu was shocked. Because the various medals, medals and certificates hanging on this wall are the same as the longevity locks hung on the bridge in the scenic spot. They have been This concave wall is completely covered.

Wang Muyu's eyes were fixed on the wall. The certificates and honors made him feel like he had re-recognized his teacher.

Doctor of Philosophy from the Seven Stars Sect, Doctor of Spiritual Plant Science from Saihuang First Agricultural and Industrial University, Doctor of Ideology from Beidou University, Dean of the Institute of Cultivation Theory of Qinghua University, Doctor of Swordsmanship from Yagami University, Doctor of Archeology from Mojin University, Doctor of Talisman from Jiuyang University. ..

"Teacher...how much have you learned..." Wang Muyu was shocked. He didn't expect that Yi Jianchuan was a swordsman on the surface. He didn't expect that Yi Jianchuan was a top student secretly.

The key is that these certificates are not correspondence courses. They are all full-time graduates!

The academic duration of a cultivation university is ten years...

What Wang Muyu just read is only one percent of Yi Jianchuan's current identity.

So to complete these universities and get a full-time degree. How much time does his teacher have to spend?

Now Wang Muyu finally understands why his teacher Yi Jianchuan is so important to Yuan Zun. He is indeed a rare talent with both virtue and art and superb martial arts.

No matter what the situation, the only thing that will not betray you is knowledge.

When Wang Muyu saw this scene, his young heart was deeply shocked. He felt that he still had a long way to go.

"Muyu, you have also seen that I am usually very cautious and cautious. I am never willing to show off my experience to others. But in my eyes, you are not an outsider."

This is what Yi Jianchuan said.

Obviously. This is a confessional.

As he spoke, he gently stroked Wang Muyu's head.

Then I felt it.

Two hard things suddenly grew on Wang Muyu's head.

This is...

Damn!

It’s a dragon horn!

At this moment, even the sword master Yi Jianchuan, who had seen many big scenes and was one of the ten founding generals of the country, couldn't help but suffocate when he looked at this scene. He was petrified on the spot.

...

On the other side, Mr. Zanghu has arrived in Fuyun Town. It must be said that this is the first time since he entered the game world of Itinerant Immortal that he has felt such a strong sense of security inside the game world.

Any NPC on the road has level 40 or 50. The city's security conditions have even surpassed some Class A cities. The streets are neat and clean. Even the players are polite to each other. It seems that every player who arrives in Fuyun Town They have all changed from old brothers in Zuan to quality citizens. Every gesture and gesture is greeted with bows and greetings. It makes people feel like they are in a prosperous age.

"This pharmacy...are you going to give it to me to run?" Mr. Zanghu originally planned to come to the pharmacy in Fuyun Town, Panxia. In a city with a very high security level like this, Mr. Zanghu's opinion is that the right to operate Panxia Pharmacy is It's not an easy task either.

And I'm afraid there will be many competitors.

Mr. Zanghu had already prepared for the worst. He thought that the drug store in Fuyun Town was a very difficult nut to crack.

Unexpectedly, I just proposed an idea. The 80-level drug store owner actually agreed directly. And he didn't charge any rent fees. He planned to give it to him for free.

The drug store owner patted Mr. Zanghu on the shoulder: "Well, yes, sir. You can get the right to operate our Fuyun Town drug store for free. The reason is nothing else. It's just because our city lord and general is a small animal lover. . And he thinks you look very similar to the little animal he likes. There are similarities but the same approach."

"Animal lover...could he...like foxes?"

"No. He likes raccoons."

"This seems to have nothing to do with me..."





Let me announce something to everyone: I will serve as the chief director and chief screenwriter of Immortal Wangsi Animation


Hello, all book friends of {The Daily Life of the Immortal King}. I am Ku Xuan. Today’s single chapter mainly wants to explain to you in detail what I was doing during the few months I disappeared.

Starting in 2017, the Immortal King series has been accompanying everyone for five years without realizing it. The Immortal King’s daily life animation has also completed its third season.

Today, I officially announce to you that the fourth season animation of The Immortal King’s Daily Life has entered into preparation and production. As the original author, I will also officially serve as the chief director and chief screenwriter of the fourth season animation of The Immortal King’s Daily Life. .

The work I am involved in includes but is not limited to: trailer PV script (storyboard confirmation, music requirements), episode outline creation, overall creation of the script, music production requirements, production requirements and review of new characters and new scenes Work, storyboard screen review, production review, synopsis filing, etc. In terms of art, my friend Ouyang Shikun, who was also the chief director of the previous seasons, will assist me in completing the work. During this time, I almost devoted myself to it. I was very nervous. , excited and never tired of it.

The fourth season of animation will revolve around the story of Sword Master Yi Jianchuan and his junior brother Xie Jian Shen. Heavenly Dao Little Golden Men will also officially enter the entire animation as a new setting throughout the fourth season. Wang Ling will get A powerful addition to the show.

To be honest, when I received the invitation from the production team, I was a little scared because I had never been an animation director before. I was not sure whether I was qualified for this job. I knew that once I accepted I took this job. It will also shoulder greater responsibilities, pressure and missions. But in the end, I chose to take this step. Because this is my own work.

At the beginning of the animation project for the fourth season of Immortal King, my good brother Huang Shengdong (the original artist of the daily life animated characters of Immortal King) passed away unexpectedly due to a heart attack. Originally, I had roped him in to continue participating in the production of the fourth season. However, It's a pity that God is jealous of Yingcai. I said that I will continue to work hard with his dream.

It’s been four years. Each season of Immortal King’s animation has made little progress due to various trials and errors and the accumulation of experience. I would like to thank the producer and production team for their trust in me. I would like to thank my old employer Qidian Editorial Department for their support and tolerance. Also Thank you for all your encouragement and love for Immortal King. I will definitely do my best to make Immortal King season 4! This will be a brand new beginning! It is impossible to be bad. Immortal King novel The serialization will still continue~

Also please everyone. Stay tuned.

The original author, chief director, and chief screenwriter of The Immortal King's Daily Life Season 4 animation: Ku Xuan. Sincerely!





Chapter 2172 Immortal King’s Farming Daily


After hours of hard work, Wang Ling has a preliminary understanding of the concept of the entire Itinerant Immortal game world. While other players are still working hard to level up in this world, I hope to encounter various immortals. When it comes to meeting fate or unlocking hidden tasks to improve yourself. Wang Ling has embarked on a unique path.

For other players, this is a torturous leveling routine.

For Wang Ling, this is the daily farming life of the immortal king.

Including using Fuyun Town as an important base to directly shoot the first shot in the game world. Focusing the attention of many players in the game world on such an inconspicuous novice village. All this is in the game chess game of Wang Ling within.

From Wang Ling's point of view, this is actually quite similar to establishing a sect. Wang Ling also learned a lot when Lord Diu Lei established the sect.

The help he provided to Lord Diu Lei was trivial. He chose Feng Shui, expanded the underground spiritual veins of the Office of Strategic Deception, selected outstanding talents, found candidates to form the elder board of the Office of Strategic Deception, and enriched the Office of with spells written at random. Strategic Deception's Sutra Pavilion. The Office of Strategic Deception, the first super sect in modern times, directly won the throne of the first sect in the Sutra Pavilion in proportion of heaven-level spells in less than a year after its establishment.

These things are just things that Wang Ling can do with a little effort.

Establishing a sect is not difficult at all for Wang Ling. He can even master the ability to shape a world.

So for an immortal king like Wang Ling who has social phobia, the most difficult thing is social interaction.

There is a saying that if you don’t lead a team, you can only work until you die.

Wang Ling naturally understands the reason.

Expanding business in Fuyun Town seems to Wang Ling to be essentially the same as establishing a sect. The whole process is quite similar. Expand the scale of the city. Recruit troops and absorb talents. Then find a way to make the entire town bigger.

After all, Itinerant Immortal is a game that highly restores the world of cultivation.

Now. Wang Ling is just glad that he brought Sun Rong with him.

Otherwise he would have to deal with so many people. He is really a bit confused. In terms of interpersonal communication, Wang Ling has not inherited the natural social attributes of Father Wang and Mother Wang at all.

For Wang Ling, it takes a lot of courage to say more than one word to anyone, especially to strangers whom they don't know.

And Wang Ling discovered that he actually doesn’t know how to say no. Sometimes Wang Ling would even convince himself of the mistakes made by strangers.

For example, when ordering a takeaway, if the takeaway boy makes the wrong delivery, Wang Ling sees that it is getting late, and will make up a story in his mind about the takeaway boy who worked hard outside all day and made a mistake while busy.

In the end, Wang Ling's choice is to order another takeaway. I won't complain to this guy... Life is not easy for anyone. Long live your understanding.

At this moment, the main hall of the General's Mansion. Sun Rong has completely transformed this place into a modern conference room structure.

The huge long table. The plaque in the main hall was removed and replaced with a floor-to-ceiling projection. All these equipment were purchased from the Future Technology City. Today's Fuyun Town can be said to be the small heart of the entire Itinerant Immortal world.

This small place connects almost all players together.

Wang Ling is sitting in the center near the door. Sun Rong is sitting next to him like a secretary. Lao Huang is introducing the current situation of Fuyun Town to the two of them at the front while working together. Latest situation.

"Currently, talents from all major cultivator guilds are vying to enter Fuyun Town. There are also some commercial guilds among them. These players all made their fortune by moving bricks and mortar."

"What is...moving bricks?" Sun Rong asked, raising his hand.

"To put it simply, they are the props required in some fixed plots in the game. These props are relatively fixed. Many new players have no channels to obtain them. Or when they are too lazy to collect them themselves, they can directly purchase these props through these brick-moving guilds. Plot props. Of course. The market price of these props is usually relatively cheap. New players can also afford them."

Lao Huang explained: "Generally speaking, they are relatively basic plot props such as spiritual plants and spiritual mines.

More advanced brick-moving players can collect spiritual plants and refine them into elixirs. Or they can advance the spiritual mines and use them to refine magic weapons. "That's it." Sun Rong tapped his hand. It felt like a sudden change in his mind. The vision inside became much clearer.

Wang Ling listened to Lao Huang's explanation with a calm expression. After all, Mr. Zanghu was already responsible for promoting the business development of elixirs. With his incomparable knowledge reserve, Zanghu The gentleman is like a fish in water.

"In addition to the large number of these commercial guilds settling in Fuyun Town, the trade exchanges between Fuyun Town and other cities have also hit new highs. At present, they have received official cooperation from other novice village maps. All are directly ordered by the city owner players. "

"City Lord?" Wang Ling was confused.

"According to the rules of the Itinerant Immortal magic ring. Players in the city can vote for the city leader in a referendum. The city leader's term is one month. During this period, players can also impeach the city leader. But whether the city leader takes office or is impeached, he needs to get more than three points. Player votes of two."

Lao Huang said: "At the same time, players who are eligible to vote also have relevant regulations. They cannot leave this city for too long. They must have close contacts with this city in the past month. And their consumption in this city must not be less than Less than 100,000 taels."

Wang Ling, Sun Rong heard this and nodded at the same time.

This rule can be said to be very reasonable.

Even the world of Itinerant Immortal is a world where taxes are paid according to law. Where there is consumption, there is taxation. Let taxpayers vote to decide the players who will lead the city to progress. It is indeed fair and reasonable.

But now, facing so many invitations, Wang Ling fell into deep thought again.

He knew very well. These invitations, either reject them all or accept them all. There was no other option.

He doesn't know much about the ways of the world. But he knows what situations he will most likely face if he makes a choice.

If only one or a few companies are accepted, then the remaining companies will definitely have a sense of crisis and form a new group. In the end, the live game will turn into a dead game of confrontation. This is not what Wang Ling wants to see.

He came to the world of Itinerant Immortal. The most fundamental purpose is to assist Mr. Zanghu. He has no intention of taking over the spotlight. Everything he does is to attract the players' attention.

So in the past, the choice Wang Ling made was definitely to reject them all. But now times have changed.

"Accept them all, right?" After hearing the decision made by Wang Ling, Lao Huang became obviously more excited.

This feeling of standing at the center of the world. He has never fought this kind of battle for wealth in eight lifetimes!

At the same time. Wang Ling also stood up.

He did not forget his mission.

I am here to assist Mr. Zanghu.

Mr. Zanghu’s next goal is to use the ancient method of active volcano alchemy. Wang Ling feels it is necessary to help.





Chapter 2173 Dimensionality Reduction Strike


In just a few days, Fuyun Town has become the center of the entire Itinerant Immortal world. Mr. Zanghu’s elixir moving business has become better. Affected by the policies of Fuyun Town, he found that he took the initiative to seek help from himself. There are also more and more players joining in cooperation.

These players all came from the outer city. They knew that there was a player in Fuyun Town who made his appearance look like that of a Tibetan fox. He unlocked hundreds of games in less than 72 hours of game play. Elixir formula.

This undoubtedly made some old players feel deeply hurt. They felt ashamed of themselves. They had unlocked hundreds of recipes on their own within three days. This was not something that stupid young people like them could compare to.

The correct way for most players to unlock the elixir formula is to collect the alchemy materials. Then throw them into the alchemy furnace one by one according to the arrangement and combination to see the reaction.

As we all know, the Itinerant Immortal spell ring is a game designed based on the rules of the real world of cultivation. As long as it is a recipe that actually exists in the real world, it can be synthesized in the game world as long as you know the synthesis method.

But relying on this arrangement and combination to test the formula takes too long. Without the guarantee of a high-quality elixir furnace, refining an elixir in the game takes the same amount of time as in the real world.

Unless you have a high-level alchemy furnace with you to refine the medicine. This will have the advantage of shortening the time.

"It's strange. This person has only been here for no more than three days. Why does he know so many recipes?"

In the distance, in a large cave, ten players who specialize in elixir formula research were puzzled by this. They saw that on the achievement list shared by the system, Mr. Zanghu's name had firmly ranked first. It left a lot of players in the world behind.

The second player has only unlocked sixty-seven kinds of elixir formulas. Among them, there is 1 top grade, 10 top grade, 13 medium grade, 24 low grade, and 19 common grade.

As for Mr. Zanghu, he has unlocked a total of 503 elixir formulas. There are more than 50 unique ones alone, accounting for one-tenth of the total formulas.

"This is outrageous... Is this person a game master?"

"Game administrators will not appear in this way. They will intervene in vicious struggles between players. But they will not steal business from players. This does not directly destroy the balance of the game. They exist to maintain the balance of the game. A group of people."

"Too."

Several players discussed the origin of Mr. Zanghu.

Suddenly, someone seemed to have remembered something and suddenly said, "Could it be...Mr. Cheng? Or someone related to Mr. Cheng?"

As soon as these words came out, the cave immediately fell into silence.

Players who are engaged in elixir research in the game world may also have a certain foundation in elixir courses in the real world. They may be graduate students majoring in elixirs at a certain cultivation university. This is because the funds for manufacturing elixirs in the real world are not enough and the cost of trial and error is too high. High relationship. That’s why I chose to enter the game world and conduct research in this roundabout way.

And this is one of the greatest significances of Itinerant Immortal, a game based on the rules of the real world of cultivation.

For monks who have studied elixirs, the name Mr. Cheng may not be unfamiliar to them.

Sun Cheng.

This is the legendary elixir formulator of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group... He was once the successor of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. He is the most awe-inspiring person in the entire elixir circle.

Sun Cheng is not only powerful himself. His wife is also a powerful helper. Her alchemy skills are superb. The combination of this pair of pill formulators and alchemists once caused a sensation in the entire world of cultivation.

But in an interstellar air crash more than ten years ago, the two of them unfortunately died. Because the accident occurred in outer space, the bodies of Sun Cheng and his wife were not found.

Today, the myth written by the two people still exists. It still makes the younger generations look up at the starry sky. It is beyond the reach of dust.

For many years, this has been a sad and taboo topic for all those who work in the elixir industry.

After all, Sun Cheng was also known as the elixir formulator who could subvert the entire world of cultivation.

Such an unexpected event happened to such a powerful figure. This is something that no one expected. "But I remember that Mr. and Mrs. Sun Cheng have never had any apprentices..."

"If he is a closed disciple, there is no way of knowing."

Someone sighed and said, "They don't have a daughter. Now I think she is also a high school student in the Foundation Building period."

"But when the accident happened, she was still too young. It is said that she did not fully inherit the legacy of her parents. It is a pity..."

Many people have become sad when talking about this topic.

"No. Aren't we discussing why this person can come up with so many recipes in such a short time?"

"It's wild alchemy."

A player with pink braids said: "Without using an alchemy furnace, use the wild alchemy method to make fire. As long as the materials are enough and the formula is correct, there is a chance to synthesize elixirs. But the quality of wild elixirs Often it's not enough. This is a disadvantage. The advantage is that it saves time. In addition, as long as the refining is successful, regardless of the quality, the number of recipes can be unlocked."

"But as far as I know, there are very few seniors who know this method of alchemy..."

A female player said: "Now this senior has settled in Fuyun Town. And he has directly received preferential policies there. He has taken over the original pharmacy in Fuyun Town and expanded it into a flagship store. But I always feel that this senior's purpose is It's not that simple."

With that said, the female player opened the map and analyzed the crowd: "This is a knowledgeable senior. If he knows so many alchemy methods, then I am wondering if there is a possibility. This senior wants to play now. A big one."

The female player stretched out her hand and pointed to a volcano.

When everyone saw this, they instantly took a breath of air.

"Active volcano...alchemy..."

Many people's voices trembled when they spoke.

This is the oldest method of refining elixirs...many people know about it, but few dare to practice it.

"Understood."

At this time, in the large cave, a player in charge stood up: "We are all students of Jiulian University. We have been investing in research for so many years. Not just to make achievements in the research of elixir formulas. To catch up with Sun Become a senior?"

"So, no matter who this legendary player who looks like a Tibetan fox is, I think this senior is worthy of our personal visit."

After discussion, many people gradually understood that this was definitely an elder with extremely knowledgeable knowledge coming to play the game...a proper dimensionality reduction attack!

If they can embrace the lap of such a great god, their future path will be broadened. This is not only the path in the game, but also the path in the real world.





Chapter 2174 2 Worlds


The closest active volcano to Fuyun Town. When Mr. Zanghu came here with his hired convoy, the reality of facing the volcano at close range still made him feel a sense of awe for nature.

The ancient active volcano alchemy method. In modern cultivation methods, this is a taboo method. But this is the game world. There are no taboos.

I looked back at the hired convoy. This was a regiment hired directly by Mr. Zanghu from Fuyun Town. They were all uniform. But the strength of the team was absolutely strong. Even the driver driving the cart was level 85. NPCs were level 60 or above. It’s already very scary. And the proportion of those who have reached level 80 or above in the fleet has reached 95%

Logically speaking, hiring such a powerful fleet should cost a lot of money. But Mr. Zanghu got a discount coupon. He hired it for a full 10 days. It only cost 1 tael of silver per day.

In other words, Mr. Zanghu only spent ten taels of silver to hire this fleet of 100 people with an average level of 85.

This is not the most outrageous thing.

The most outrageous thing is the various spiritual medicinal materials used in the ancient active volcano elixir. One of the medicines requires the blood of top mythical beasts.

Mr. Zanghu originally wanted to hire a convoy to search for the top mythical beasts. But when he passed by the moat lake in the morning, the blood-swallowing god Kun under the moat appeared directly from the bottom of the lake and sprayed a mouthful of blood in his face.

So that's it. The most difficult mythical beast blood is now available...

"I don't know why. I always feel that I have been clearly arranged." He looked at the blood of the mythical beast that he wiped from his face and collected in the jade jar. At this time, Mr. Zanghu narrowed his eyes suspiciously and remained silent for a long time. . He thought that he had become successful in the game with his profound knowledge. Logically speaking, he could definitely successfully complete the task assigned to him by Wang Ming this time.

But I don’t know why. Mr. Zanghu suddenly felt that something was wrong with this Fuyun Town than he imagined...

That’s all.

Just follow the plan first.

Mr. Zanghu has never forgotten his mission. His mission is to attract the attention of players in the Itinerant Immortal Ring World and the entire world. Let these players gather in one place to complete Operation Wall Breaker.

He spent dozens of hours using various magical elixir formulas. He developed a variety of elixirs based on the conditions of various places and opened up the elixir network in the entire Itinerant Immortal world.

Whether in the game or in the real world, for a monk, pills are necessary for practicing. So from the moment he entered the game, Mr. Zanghu had already formulated this strategy.

It can be said that from the beginning, he used his profound knowledge to accurately grasp the psychology of every player. Including the ancient method of active volcano alchemy at this moment.

In Mr. Zanghu's opinion, this will be the climax of the plot. As a taboo alchemy, no monk will be curious about the ancient method of alchemy on active volcanoes.

What Mr. Zanghu expected was that not long after he and his convoy arrived at the red-sun active volcano near Fuyun Town.

In the distance, commotion began.

Many players who heard about this incident rushed towards him with their spiritual swords or riding mounts. Although Mr. Zanghu had seen a lot of great things in the world, the scene in front of him still made him feel excited.

From a distance, the players from all over the world of Itinerant Immortal gathered together on the skyline. It was a magnificent scene. They were clearly here to join in the fun, but they looked like an army united to help.

Mr. Zanghu was a little more vigilant. Although most of the players who came to join in the fun were just watching a show, Mr. Zanghu thought that there were definitely some troublemakers among them.

In the long motorcade, there was an iron horse-drawn carriage. Old Huang quietly opened the curtain inside the carriage and looked out the window.

"It's the aura of strength." Lao Huang said with a frown. He immediately looked at Wang Ling who was standing aside and looked extremely calm.

This is a hidden carriage. It is hidden in the fleet hired by Mr. Zanghu.

Mr. Zanghu is not aware of the existence of Wang Ling. It will not be shown on the list of people employed by Mr. Zanghu. On this trip, he is here to ensure the safety of Mr. Zanghu.

Xiongwu in the real world has been arrested. But in the world of Itinerant Immortal, he still exists.

This is not because someone gave Xiongwu a power leveling game account. It’s that Xiongwu’s virtual character has completed the transformation into reality.

All because of the mysterious gray mist released by Bai Zhe.

Wang Ling feels. Now it’s time to really start a contest with Bai Zhe.

The time has come.

And his mission on this trip is not only to protect the safety of Mr. Zanghu. It is also to help complete the Wall Breaker operation. To make the world of Itinerant Immortal, which has been affected by the gray fog, become real. Players who are completely unaware of this matter return to the real world.

...

On the other side, Yi Jianchuan's Yaju was in the middle. He was stroking Wang Muyu's seven-color dragon horn. The expression on his face was almost frozen.

He seemed to have thought of something and sighed: "I didn't expect that after living for thousands of years, I could still see a real dragon..."

Yi Jianchuan felt that he was a little too slow. He should have thought of Wang Muyu's true identity.

In this way, it becomes clear why Wang Muyu has such amazing talents and combat abilities at a young age...

So this little guy has been pretending to be a pig and eating a tiger from the beginning. He is acting with him. And this is probably the result of having restrained himself. Otherwise, the damage caused by the little guy during the trial may not be as simple as destroying buildings. .

"Teacher knows about the Dragon Clan?"

"Although the human monks are far away from the dragon clan. A long period of time has passed, but the human monks' research on true dragons has never stopped." Yi Jianchuan said frankly, stroking his beard.

The Huaxiu Alliance actually issued a report about the Dragon Clan in the Eternal Era. But it was extremely confidential information. Only a few people knew about it. Even among the ten generals, only some old guys with enough seniority knew about it.

And Yi Jianchuan is one of them.

It's just that Yi Jianchuan didn't expect that he would now accept a true dragon as his disciple...

That's not right...

At the beginning, Wang Muyu was recommended to him by Lord Diu Lei.

In other words, this kid Diu Lei has known about the existence of real dragons for a long time?

With Lord Diu Lei's level of strength, it is quite outrageous to be able to touch a real dragon cub.

Previously, he had always suspected that there must be an expert behind Lord Diu Lei's Office of Strategic Deception... Sure enough, there must be a more powerful senior hiding behind it, right?

Yi Jianchuan touched his head. It felt like the amount of information suddenly increased.

But he didn't say it directly.

He just glanced at Wang Muyu secretly, and finally sighed: "Muyu, I am your teacher. Does that mean I am taking advantage of you?"

This is a true dragon born in human form.

In Yi Jianchuan's view, Wang Muyu's existence is a legend within a legend. It makes people feel unreal.

It's like beings from two worlds...





Chapter 2175 Battle for Wang Muyu


Wang Muyu was stunned by this question.

To be honest, Wang Muyu didn't quite understand why Wang Ling chose Yi Jianchuan to be his master at the beginning.

From the perspective of a human monk, the Huaxiu Sword Master is indeed extremely famous. He is the leading swordsman expert. He is also the only designated successor to the famous sword Immortal Van Rui.

How many people wanted to beg him to be a teacher, but they were all rejected because of lack of talent.

But as a dragon descendant, although Wang Muyu is young, he is an all-purpose colorful little dragon that combines the genes of hundreds of families. From the beginning of his birth, his realm and combat power far exceed that of ordinary humans. If we only talk about combat power, of course Yi Jianchuan It's not as good as one's own.

But with in-depth contact, Wang Muyu gradually discovered the shining points in his teacher.

Following the Huaxiu Sword Master, Wang Muyu always felt that he could become calmer. He finally understood what he had been missing all along.

That's the state of mind.

"No. Follow the teacher. I also learned a lot."

Wang Muyu said seriously. His eyes released a little starlight. It seemed that he was in a sea of stars.

"Really? That's really great." Yi Jianchuan couldn't help but tugged Wang Muyu's face. He sighed that the little guy was too soft and cute. But he still felt that Wang Muyu's face seemed familiar. It seemed like he had seen it somewhere. It seems like a good thing.

At that moment, Yi Jianchuan was thinking a lot. Then suddenly he seemed to remember something. His eyes lit up.

By the way...

It was the military training exercise of the Sixth School at that time...

A battle royale-style military training jointly organized by six high schools. Various artifacts and magic weapons are arranged in the scene to test the students' ability to adapt to changes. He came up with this planning proposal at the time. Therefore, Yi Jianchuan himself was particularly interested in this military training. Very impressive.

Now, he was almost sure that he had seen Wang Muyu's face before. And he had seen it during the military training exercise of the Sixth School!

But which high school student he was from specifically? Yi Jianchuan really couldn't remember...

Six colleges and universities. More than 10,000 people...

Yi Jianchuan had a headache and rubbed his brain.

Now is not the time to dwell on these things.

He brought Wang Muyu here because he wanted to be honest with each other and make things clear so that there would be no discord between master and disciple.

Now. The purpose has been achieved.

"Master will definitely protect your wooden fish. I will not let your existence be known to people who don't want to do it." Yi Jianchuan stroked Wang Muyu's head.

At this moment, a fierce murderous aura came across from the distant sky.

A very powerful aura. It directly sent chills down the Huaxiu Sword Master's spine. He felt a sense of oppression that was crushing his soul.

It can make him feel frightened even in the holy realm. Yi Jianchuan almost dared to assert that this is definitely not the spiritual pressure that human monks at this stage can form.

"Teacher...he is here with bad intentions. This is no longer an enemy you can stop." Wang Muyu stretched out his little arm to protect Yi Jianchuan behind him.

"Is another real dragon coming?" Yi Jianchuan thought of something almost immediately when he saw this scene.

Boom!

A passage appeared in the void. Yi Jianchuan looked away. He saw a dragonborn with a body made of mercury walking out of the passage with arms folded. He opened the dragonborn's arms and looked down at him with domineering eyes.

This sense of oppression is too strong. It's like the arrival of the Supreme Being from the Nine Heavens and Ten Earths. It makes people's breathing become solemn.

On the hills surrounding Yashe, countless flowers, plants and trees withered with this biting murderous aura and huge amounts of spiritual pressure.

Until now, Yi Jianchuan finally understood why energy fluctuations that far exceeded the current level of the earth were frequently occurring in the restricted sea area on the earth.

This dragonborn was just standing in the void. The murderous aura accumulated in his body seemed to have gathered into a bloody waterfall, pouring down from top to bottom, flooding the nearby mountains, and finally forming a sea of blood.

Wang Muyu pushed Yi Jianchuan. Yi Jianchuan rubbed his eyes. Only to see that the sea of blood suddenly disappeared.

He almost fell into an illusion!

"Teacher, you have to be careful." Wang Muyu looked into the void with great caution.

"Do you know this Dragonborn?"

"I know. And it's just a clone." Wang Muyu didn't expect that Qiao Yanyuan would actually become stronger again. This rate of improvement is terrifying. This is just a clone, which can bring such oppression.

Above the nine heavens, Qiao Yanyuan's avatar was holding his arms, arrogantly looking down at the two masters and apprentices below.

"Shame!"

That body said angrily: "As the supreme true dragon incarnation, you actually recognize a human being as your teacher. Don't you have the slightest bit of shame?"

Wang Muyu put on his posture. His eyes were firm: "You are the shame. I am still a child. You know how to bully me based on my age. If you have the ability, let me grow up for a few more years! But even now, you may not be able to beat me if you are alone. Pass me."

"You can beat it but you can't beat it. You will know once you try it."

The clone snorted and said: "I have been given the title by the Dragon Lord. Purple Sun Dragon Lord. I have reached a higher level! Even if I am just a clone, I can easily defeat you! Although you have the advantage of talent, you lack experience after all. . What do you think? Do you come with me? Or do I kill your teacher, cripple you, and take you away by force."

When he heard this body brazenly saying that he wanted to kill his teacher, Wang Muyu's expression immediately turned cold. Although he knew that Bai Zhe now relied on his own ability to do whatever he wanted and was still cultivating his capable generals. But so This is the first time I've seen him so arrogant.

It’s just a separate body!

Dare to show off your power here!

"Buzz!"

Wang Muyu formed a seal with his hands. The nearby scene changed instantly. Mountains of seven colors appeared. Even the sky was filled with dreamy glass-like clouds and mist. It was as if people were in a fairy tale world.

This is Wang Muyu's core world. Everything is dream-like, giving people a sense of unreality.

He is still a child after all...

Yi Jianchuan sighed.

He felt that the little guy was very pure. He was inexplicably moved.

"Children are children. Reality is cruel. It's not like a fairy tale world like yours." The body snorted. He was clearly in someone else's core world, but he didn't notice all this at all. Put yourself in a very high position.

Wang Muyu snapped his fingers in front of him. The dream-like sky was filled with thunder and lightning for an instant, drowning the entire fairy tale-like clouds. Endless thunder exploded from the void, carrying the power of chaos and coming from above. Pour into the ground.

Yi Jianchuan immediately frowned.

The dragonborn in this body was even weirder than he imagined. This was the first time he saw someone who could move freely and show off his power in someone else's core world without gaining world permission.





Chapter 2176 Wang Muyu’s Dragonborn Magical Weapon


Wang Muyu's expression suddenly became solemn. There are only two possibilities for his core world to fail to suppress Qiao Yanyuan.

First, the spiritual space controlled by the other party is more advanced than his own. In other words, Qiao Yanyuan is likely to have mastered the power of the supreme world. That is the supreme spiritual space that overrides the core world. As long as Qiao Yanyuan wants to go there It can engulf its core world at any time.

But the other party doesn't seem to be doing that at the moment...

Then there is only one possibility left. Qiao Yanyuan may have the same level of spiritual space as himself. But the number is sufficient.

Wang Muyu has long known about Qiao Yanyuan's dragonborn ability. This sixth man can annex himself from other parallel dimensions and gather strength in a short time. He can continuously stack buffs for himself. He is also the one with the most special ability among all the dragonborns that Wang Muyu has come into contact with. of one.

So special. Even though Wang Muyu had mastered the strengths of hundreds of dragon descendants, he retrieved his own memory and knew nothing about the abilities Qiao Yanyuan had.

"His heart is very complicated." Yi Jianchuan looked up at the body of Qiao Yan Yuan Fen, who was high up. His white eyebrows furrowed. He could hear some terrible sounds like torrents and waterfalls venting in the heart of this body. It seemed that countless creatures were imprisoned inside. It was very noisy. . also very harsh.

Yi Jianchuan immediately judged that it was these sounds from different spaces accumulated in this person's body that gave this avatar such amazing combat power.

It's like a balloon that keeps inflating.

"Can even one's body be divided into two parts to use such a special dragonborn ability?" Wang Muyu gritted his teeth.

Boom!

At the same moment, he made no secret of it. He put a layer of psychic shield on Yi Jianchuan with his backhand and then stepped on the ground. It turned into a spiritual light and rushed to the sky. This move was earth-shattering. The surrounding colorful sacred mountains exploded and shattered into pieces. Pieces of glass sputtered around.

Many seven-color lines appeared on Wang Muyu's small fist, bursting out with blazing light. It was like an ancient forbidden spell, giving people a strong sense of oppression.

Just for a moment. The nine heavens and ten earths are falling apart.

The expression on his body remained unchanged. Tong Kong's eyes always followed Wang Muyu's movement. He opened his hand to receive the punch forcefully.

A huge explosion occurred in the sky. The impact of energy that penetrated the sun and moon destroyed the Qise Mountain in the distance. It was directly crushed into powder.

"That's it?"

That body was obviously not afraid of Wang Muyu's impact. He grabbed his fist and flicked it with his backhand, then threw Wang Muyu directly. The strong inertia allowed Wang Muyu to penetrate several mountains in a row.

Although such a real dragon battle has not been recorded in movies in the modern world of cultivation, the frontal pressure of watching a battle at such a close distance is rarely seen.

Yi Jianchuan clenched his fists. As a teacher, he knew very clearly at this moment that this battle was not something he could intervene in.

Whether it is Wang Muyu or this body, the combat power of the two of them is far beyond his own. The holy realm is the strongest realm below the Tao realm. Above the Tao realm is the ancestral realm. The combat power of these two people is probably already at the ancestral realm. Yes. This is a legendary realm. It only existed during the eternity of time.

Yi Jianchuan didn't expect that he, an old man, could actually witness the battle in the ancestral realm with his own eyes.

"Kill!"

In the body of the clone, the countless Qiao Yanyuan who were absorbed from the parallel space roared one after another. They were almost hysterical. They will forever become a part of the clone and cannot return to the parallel space until they complete their mission.

So everyone is anxious. Although they are unwilling to stay in the clone body, they all just want to complete the task quickly. Because of this, they are forced to unite.

Wang Muyu's punch just now was just to test his strength. He did not really release his full combat power. He thought that the moment he came into contact with this body, he would be able to figure out the true combat power of his body.

But at this moment, he still had no accurate estimate of the clone in front of him...

"Are you still absorbing yourself from other parallel dimensions? You're not afraid of pushing yourself to death..." Wang Muyu became nervous. For the first time, he began to feel a sense of crisis. He was not afraid of being hurt, let alone being taken away.

But right now, his teacher Huaxiu Sword Master is also here. He is worried that he will not be able to protect his teacher's safety.

At this moment, the clones in Qiao Yanyuan's body were roaring. Countless pairs of ethereal dragon claws extended from his back, erupting with the strongest energy and blood. It was like a torrent of wild beasts grabbing at Wang Muyu from all directions.

"Can even limbs become part of oneself?" Wang Muyu and Yi Jianchuan were both stunned.

These extended dragon claws have their own thoughts. One wave is grabbing at Wang Muyu. The other wave is carving runes together on the void behind that body.

"The end of the Dragon God!"

A huge ancient magic circle lit up directly in the void. It released astonishing mana fluctuations and directly imprisoned the entire world. Under this grand pressure, seven-color mountains were uprooted. The entire core world was everywhere. Annihilate, destroy.

This avatar of Qiao Yanyuan stood in the void. Like a demon. The crystal-like alien body emitted dazzling light.

"Fight with you!"

Wang Muyu clasped his hands together. Spiritual light surged in his hands, and a glass horn appeared. This was the first time he sacrificed his dragon-born magic weapon.

Even when he was in embarrassment during the previous battle with Jingze, Wang Muyu was never forced to this point.

At this moment, Qiao Yanyuan smiled in that body: "Finally, I let you use your dragon-born magic weapon."

The preciousness of this glazed horn is self-evident.

It is equivalent to the essence of Wang Muyu's life. It is a dragon-born magic weapon that gathers the leaders of hundreds of schools. It can be said to be the most precious of all dragon-born magic weapons at present!

Moreover, Glazed Horn also has strong growth potential.

Their purpose of bringing Wang Muyu back was to make the little guy recognize his ancestors and return to his clan, and not to recognize thieves as his father.

On the other hand, I naturally came here for Wang Muyu’s dragon-born magic weapon.

The dragonborn magic weapon is the most precious thing in a dragonborn. Even if it is only slightly damaged, the dragonborn himself will suffer corresponding backlash. It can be said that this is one of the life gates of the dragonborn.

As long as you hold this dragon-born magic weapon and control this little guy, it will be much easier than imagined!

"snort!"

Wang Muyu snorted coldly. He puffed up his little face and blew the glazed horn with all his strength! It only took a moment. The entire core world was shaken. A huge glazed dragon statue appeared out of thin air. It appeared like a dharma image. Behind Wang Muyu, he held a long sword in his hand and slashed away in the air.

Buzz!

It was just one knife. The thousands of dragon claws he had captured were chopped off by him in an instant.

"It's actually a summoning magic weapon..." Qiao Yanyuan's clone was surprised. He didn't expect that the Glazed Horn was actually a summoning magic weapon.

For a while, thoughts kept surging in his mind. But even though he had read through the history of the dragon clan, he never thought that there had been such a glazed dragon god holding a long sword in the long history of the dragon clan.

Who is this?





Chapter 2177 The Glazed Dragon God Sweeps the Heavens


A glazed dragon god that has never been seen before in the history of the dragon clan. The dragon-headed man holds a seven-color long sword in his hand. His whole body is surrounded by powerful lotus and the aura of the eternal dragon.

This kind of momentum is too powerful. It is almost comparable to the three leaders of the Dragon Clan in the ages. However, the most frightening thing is that Qiao Yanyuan has never seen such a glazed dragon and snake.

The powerful dragon descendant is the heir to the genetic tradition of the dragon clan. Naturally, he is also familiar with the history of the dragon clan. But the appearance of the Glazed Dragon God is a gap in his memory. Qiao Yanyuan, who thought he could successfully control everything, felt a strange sense of panic.

On the ferry in the restricted sea area, a drop of cold sweat fell from Qiao Yanyuan's forehead and spread to his feet.

His body was also paying close attention to the battle for Wang Muyu. When he saw this glazed dragon god that did not belong to his memory, an unexpected uneasiness immediately surged into his heart.

What is this Glazed Dragon God?

Full of questions suddenly came to my mind.

Soon, a tremor from the soul came one after another!

It's the clone that is carrying out the task of competing for Wang Muyu in the distance. It has suffered trauma!

The glazed dragon god holding a long sword carries an astonishing domineering aura. The eyes of the dragon god release seven colors of splendor. The gaze is like a torch. The body moves in an instant, dragging a hazy seven-color immortal energy.

The first blow came almost instantly!

"So fast!"

The clone Qiao Yanyuan opened his arms to block it. He slashed it with one knife. The thick eternal dragon energy immediately dispersed.

"Kacha!"

The long knife fell. The seven-color divine thunder fell from the void almost at the same time. It was extremely terrifying. It carried an aura of annihilation of the avenue. It distorted the space of the core world.

His body reacted very quickly. Although he immediately created a spiritual shield and stretched out his hand to block it, he still couldn't help but feel shaken when he saw such an astonishing aura falling down like a god.

He thought that he had absorbed the power of many parallel dimensions and was fearless. But at this moment, he was still a little panicked. The spiritual light all over his body suddenly burst out, turning into pieces of dragon scales in his monster crystal body. It is plated with a layer of armor stomach.

Wang Muyu held the horn in his hand. He was floating slightly in the air. His eyes were almost in sync with the Glazed Dragon God. It was as if he was driving this powerful mecha to fight Qiao Yanyuan's clone. There was a connection between the two. There was no delay. There was a tacit understanding. Just like a person.

Chi!

The knife hit Qiao Yanyuan's arm firmly, peeling off the armor and crystal dragon scales on his arm. The pain made his body gasp.

Sure enough. This is the real clone.

Wang Muyu saw this scene from a distance and was convinced of the nature of the body in front of him.

The real clone. It fully possesses part of the combat power of the original body. And it will not disappear at will due to pain and severe injuries. The powerful real clone even has its own will.

The most important thing is that a spatial bond is formed between the main body and the real clone. If necessary, you can even change hands directly and let the main body come on stage.

Wang Muyu took a deep breath.

This is a tough battle.

He knows very well that Qiao Yanyuan is here to stare at him... Bai Zhi is not a man of martial ethics. Therefore, it is not ruled out that Qi first consumes himself with his real clone to test his true and false. The possibility of fighting him directly.

The sword of the Glazed Dragon God was impressive, but its power was far beyond the body's imagination. After the sword fell, strange ancient lines began to appear on the slender sword.

This is an inscription that strengthens the magic weapon. It cannot be deciphered by non-modern cultivation civilization. It is extremely rare even in the eons.

The clone's body suddenly felt like it was facing a powerful enemy. It felt strange.

Boom!

His crystal body erupted with light. He used his own cultivation to put up the ultimate resistance. He wanted to stop the Glazed Dragon God's next slash!

The power of the head-first blow can already be felt in the body. The charged blow of this knife will be obviously more terrifying.

This glazed dragon god is not in the history of the dragon clan.

It belongs to the blind spot of knowledge of Qiao Yanyuan's body. It is precisely because he knows nothing about this glazed dragon god. Therefore, Qiao Yanyuan and his clone feel that there is no way to start. The inscription on the seven-color long sword shines, rendering the long sword into Horrible myths and legends. Just looking at it gives you a sense of horror. The spiritual energy flowing out from above is like a bright galaxy pouring down. It is extremely overbearing.

"That's weird! What the hell is this!"

His body became anxious. He shrunk to the ground. His figure quickly shrank back. His intuition told him that this blow could not be received forcefully. He had to find a way to avoid it.

However, the power of the Glazed Dragon God was once again beyond his imagination. He saw that the Dragon God was stained with some sword energy with his fingers. The sword fingers moved together into the void. The clone that had escaped once again appeared at a very close distance in front of the Glazed Dragon God. .

"He actually used his sword energy to directly chop up the space in front of him to shorten the distance..."

With a simple move, he directly cracked the method of shrinking the ground into an inch. This was something that everyone present could hardly expect.

The most gorgeous attacks often don't require so many movements. The most violent blows are often more unpretentious. The posture of the Glazed Dragon God is extremely chic. Everything is kept to the simplest. Every breath, attack, and sword slash are all revealed. The power of the dragon god that emerges from the great path to simplicity.

"What a hassle..."

The clone frowned. He thought that this battle was won safely. But he didn't expect that Wang Muyu's real dragon-born magic weapon would be so difficult to deal with.

...

On the other side. In the carriage that Itinerant Immortal is riding in the world. Wang Ling.

Wang Ling, Sun Rong closed their eyes. Wang Muyu's battle scene was also synchronized to Wang Ling's spiritual will. Then Wang Ling synchronized it to Sun Rong.

Although the two of them were in the game world, they still did not forget to care about the situation in the outside world.

"What is this magic weapon of Xiao Muyu? The summoned glazed dragon god. It's so powerful." Sun Rong was amazed. Such a duel was not something that she, a monk who had just entered the Golden Core, could participate in at close range. No. With a strong shield, the spiritual pressure alone can crush her into a meat pie.

"This does not count. A summoning magic weapon." Wang Ling explained using the sound transmission technique.

From the very beginning, Qiao Yanyuan and his body were mistakenly separated.

It seems that Wang Muyu blew the horn to summon the glazed dragon god to appear. But in fact, the real purpose of the glazed horn is not to summon.

"It's not a summoning magic weapon? But it's obvious..." Sun Rong sighed slightly. She knew that this was knowledge beyond her comprehension.

Wang Ling's expression was always calm. He crossed his arms and looked at everything. As if he was sure of winning the battle: "Besides, this is not Muyu's natal dragon-born magic weapon."

"In other words, Muyu's natal dragon-born magic weapon is actually not this one?" Sun Rong was surprised: "Then where did this magic weapon come from?"

"To confuse them."

Wang Ling said: "I prepared one for him in advance."

Sun Rong: "..."





Chapter 2178 This may be the longest paragraph Wang Ling has ever said.


The dragon-born magic weapon is a magic weapon that is refined by each dragon-born who inherits the dragon clan's orthodoxy based on his own soul. It can be understood as a kind of soul essence. It is a kind of magic weapon that is condensed from the depths of the soul and added to it. embodied existence.

Each dragonborn magic weapon has its own special characteristics. It is as important as the chaos weapon. It is the most precious treasure of the dragonborn. It is linked to their dragon soul.

So Wang Ling made a Dragonborn magic weapon with his bare hands. Sun Rong feels that it can be summed up in eight words. That is "unexpected. It is reasonable."

The young man in front of her has done too many miraculous things that violate the laws of modern human monks since she first realized them. There are so many miraculous things that cannot be explained by modern cultivation knowledge... Sun Rong is shocked in her heart. But This shock was only a little bit. Because this person was Wang Ling. So she felt that there was no need to make too much fuss.

This is a space that can travel freely through the universe.

Taking his younger sister, who is less than one year old, to go head-to-head with a man who is an outsider...

Moreover, the reason why he took his sister to fight the alien gods was not because he couldn't defeat them. He just wanted to strengthen his sister a little and find some nutritious food to fill her stomach.

Haha... what a warm-hearted brother!

"That's not right! That's not the problem now, okay!" In just one second, Sun Rong's thoughts began to change from tranquility to erratic to crazy.

It feels like everything in front of me is in line with reality but yet so unreal.

Wang Ling opened his eyes. He saw Sun Rong's tangled look on his face. He had never used his mind telepathy before, and he immediately understood Sun Rong's thoughts.

"Actually, it's not that difficult to create a dragonborn magic weapon."

Wang Ling explained to Sun Rong through a voice transmission. He tried hard to think of the words, because this might be the longest sentence he had ever said to Sun Rong since he knew her.

"The main thing here is to take into account the quantum entanglement between the dragon-born magic weapon and the laws of the universe. In fact, it is not complicated."

"..."

"The main thing is to find the key to open this Pandora's box. And to find the key, we must combine the existing chaotic energy based on dark matter."

"..."

"Based on the Heavenly Dao Principle, we use non-modern cultivation scientific theoretical knowledge of infinite non-cyclic multi-dimensional space to achieve a change. Finally..."

"Okay. Wang Ling..."Sun Rong made a stop gesture, preventing Wang Ling from explaining himself sincerely.

She was very touched. Because it was the first time Wang Ling said so many words to herself.

She knew every Chinese character, but for some reason she couldn't understand a single word when they were strung together.

It can only be said that the young man was outrageous. He actually wanted to make himself understand through verbal explanation.

No...

In fact, even if you practice it in front of her, she may not be able to understand it, right?

Let’s talk about the Glazed Horn itself.

This is a dragon-born magic weapon created by Wang Ling for Wang Muyu alone. It is also tailor-made for Wang Muyu.

This is not a summoning magic weapon. To be precise, it is a time magic weapon...

Yes.

The existence of the Glazed Horn, which means the power that can be released through the horn, has never strengthened Wang Muyu's Dharma Spirit.

Therefore, this glazed dragon god was not summoned by Wang Muyu. It was Wang Muyu's original dharma spirit. It was only strengthened through this glazed horn. It directly borrowed power from the future and released it in advance.

Doing this will directly consume a lot of spiritual energy and longevity...

But this glass horn actually has no side effects on Wang Muyu at all. It's like Wang Ling bought a fund for Wang Muyu. The side effect of the glass horn is the risk of this fund. And all the profits go to Wang Muyu. All owned by me.

However, Wang Ling's spiritual power and longevity are approaching infinite. Therefore, the risk is also zero.

Wang Muyu can use this glazed horn with confidence. And he doesn't have to pay any price.

If Wang Muyu is given some time to grow, the little guy will become a powerful dragon god sooner or later.

So when this Dharma Spirit that became the Dragon God in advance appeared, Qiao Yanyuan searched the history of the dragon clan, but found that there was a gap in his memory in his mind.

But he had never thought that this glazed dragon god was actually transformed from Wang Muyu's own dharma spirit. This had exceeded the limit of knowledge that a creature in the universe could comprehend.

After all, my imagination is too limited. I didn't expect Wang Ling's ability to be so great.

...

Shrinking the ground to an inch failed. Yifen's body was really panicked. This glazed dragon god could smash the space with just his sword energy. He forcibly made his pull invalid. I wanted to use the extreme pull to fight in a roundabout way. Through the long range He tried to test the waves and found a breakthrough. Now this idea died before it could be implemented.

"Heaven and Earth Dragon Coffin!"

In desperation, Qiao Yanyuan had to summon a brand new chaos device.

Wang Muyu could tell that this was a genuine summoning chaos device.

Based on my own shallow experience, I can tell that my Glazed Horn is a summoning dragon-born magic weapon. So do I plan to summon a living being to fight against his ritual spirit, the Glazed Dragon God?

Wang Muyu immediately figured out what the other party was thinking.

Buzz!

The ancient black dragon coffin appeared across the sky like a phantom. Under the distorted space fluctuations, it created a strong contrast with the seven-colored core world.

A corpse with a dragon head and human body appeared. It was filled with black energy. The dragon's claws were like iron hooks. It swung its dragon tail and swooped in the air. It attacked the Glazed Dragon God.

There is a strong sense of weirdness in this scene. This person should not be a dragonborn, but he has the body of a dragon. It is as if he is a creature that has been reassembled by the creator. There is a violent and uncoordinated feeling all over his body.

Chi!

The Glazed Dragon God slashed out without any hesitation. It was destroyed on the corpse dragon's hook claws. It was so shocked that its hook claws turned into powder and exploded directly.

The power of the Dragon God is so heaven-defying, domineering and fierce. This is just Wang Muyu's Dharma Spirit, but he has such a powerful combat capability.

Generally speaking, the real body is stronger than the Dharma Spirit itself. If Wang Muyu can really develop to the point where he can summon the Dharma Spirit of the Glazed Dragon God, then his status in the Dragon Clan will be truly unshakable.

Boom!

The Glazed Dragon God waved his sword and split a sea of seven-color fire in the void. This was a seven-color fire mixed with the power of the chaos of the universe. It was composed of the cosmic spiritual fire. It was roasting the corpse dragon.

"Since your cremation is incomplete, let me burn you clean for you!" Wang Muyu's little face was very serious. He stared at the corpse dragon in the sky that was gradually surrounded by seven-color fire and was at a disadvantage. He was full of confidence.

However, after the corpse dragon struggled in the seven-color fire for a while, as if it was familiar with the burning of the flames, it stopped struggling. In the end, it completely adapted to it, and strong black gas exploded in the air.

Wang Muyu can feel this black energy. It is a kind of negative emotion that has been accumulated for a long time and originates from the whole universe. Once affected by the black energy, the state of mind will be completely destroyed...





Chapter 2179 Eternal Corpse Dragon


This eternal corpse dragon appeared strangely. Its spliced body was filled with a sense of disharmony like a puppet. But its movement speed was extremely fast, like light, shadow, thunder and lightning. The negative black energy surging all over the body suddenly appeared. The corpse dragon is the center. It spreads to the entire core world.

That is a long-standing accumulation of cosmic-level negative emotions.

"The Great Purification Technique!"

Wang Muyu stretched out his little hand and pointed into the void. A holy ray burst out from the fingertips. This was one of the Heavenly Dao spells among the three thousand Heavenly Dao. Wang Muyu had been instructed by Wang Ling a long time ago. I learned it next time. Almost in seconds.

The Great Purification Technique is most suitable for use in situations like this. It can eliminate inner demons from entering the body and sweep away all kinds of poisonous and violent energy in the world. This can calm the mind and achieve a stable state of mind.

This holy great purification ray shot through the air, directly tearing apart the black air that shrouded the core world.

At this moment, the spreading negative emotions seemed to be under control. But soon the torn sky and endless black air continued to shroud.

"Even the Heavenly Dao spell can't completely purify it..."

Wang Muyu frowned. He immediately knew in his heart that this was a power that was superior to the level of Heavenly Dao spells. In such a situation, unless the Heavenly Dao spells were practiced to the extreme and used in combination, they would be able to fight.

Although Wang Muyu learned quickly, his proficiency was far from being as good as Wang Ling.

"It would be nice if dad was here..."

Wang Muyu looked at the black air that was constantly re-condensing in the sky. He couldn't help but muttered softly.

"Muyu, you have to be careful. These black energies not only have negative emotions, but also have a kind of curse power." Yi Jianchuan reminded from the side. Although his realm was the lowest in the field, his state of mind was ridiculously powerful.

This scene made Qiao Yanyuan's clone stunned. It was a holy realm. It was completely unaffected by the black energy...

How is this done?

Qiao Yanyuan couldn't figure it out.

This is just a mere human being...

Curse power?

At the critical moment, my teacher’s reminder suddenly played a decisive role.

Wang Muyu never thought that this black energy actually contained some kind of curse power. No wonder this negative black energy could not be completely eradicated even by the Great Purification Technique. It was so difficult to deal with.

"What a hassle!"

Wang Muyu frowned. He clasped his hands together. The glazed dragon god radiated brilliance, illuminating the dark sky shrouded in black air. Countless colorful divine rings appeared, blessing him all over his body. There was an astonishing transcendence. .

The sword slashed into the void. A curtain of light immediately flowed down like a waterfall from the gap where the sword slashed horizontally. Like the aurora in the dark night, it enveloped Wang Muyu's body and Yi Jianchuan's body.

At this moment, this negative black energy mixed with the power of the curse was blocked. The gas flowing out from the cracks slashed by the sword energy contained a powerful spiritual energy. It was blessed with various ancient patterns. There are many ways to prevent it. The power of invasion.

The Glazed Dragon God is like the living Dragon God Supreme. It is powerful against the eternal chaos weapon.

Buzz!

The black coffin shook. More black energy leaked out from inside. At the same time, the corpse dragon made a harsh roar. It can be seen that with the black coffin as the center, everything around it became chaotic.

"This chaos device can actually refine other people's core worlds?" Wang Muyu did not expect that this summoning type of chaos device has such an additional ability. It can absorb other people's core world energy and convert it into the auxiliary energy of the corpse dragon.

He immediately realized that this battle must be fought quickly. If it was delayed any longer, it would inevitably reach a stalemate.

Clang!

The seven-color glazed sword burst out with dazzling light. At the same time, the figure of the glazed dragon god began to skyrocket. The seven-color magic rings on his body also began to expand under the accumulation of powerful spiritual energy. The body that was ten thousand feet tall was like Pangu standing tall on the sky and the earth.

He waved his sword, guarding Wang Muyu and Yi Jianchuan behind him, and grabbed them into the void with his right hand.

He pinched the black coffin and forced the coffin boards together to prevent the black air from flowing out and prevent the core world from being refined and swallowed up. This scene shocked Qiao Yanyuan.

Next to the black coffin is a black hole of chaos!

Normally you can't get close!

Everything that comes close will be devoured and refined by it... But after becoming twice as powerful, this glazed dragon god actually ignored this chaotic black hole.

Could it be that its spiritual energy density is already higher than the black hole itself?

At this moment, the whole body was shaken.

This kind of physical strength is too amazing. He can be called an immortal dragon king.

Boom!

A big explosion occurred in the void. Before the body could react, the black coffin was crushed on the spot by the Glazed Dragon God. It turned into a cloud of purple smoke in the palm of his hand and disappeared.

The corpse dragon held its head and roared in pain. The pain of being cut off from the black coffin caused it to fall into a state of confusion for a short time. But the corpse dragon soon regained its composure.

Wang Muyu looked at this scene and became even more confused.

...

"That's not right Wang Ling. Normally speaking, since it is a summoning type of magic weapon, the summoning magic weapon has been crushed. Shouldn't the summoned object itself also disappear directly?" Sun Rong sent a message with Wang Muyu was equally confused.

The black coffin had been crushed by the Glazed Dragon God, and nothing was left. But the Corpse Dragon only suffered a moment, and quickly returned to normal. This cannot be explained by a normal summoning magic weapon. logic.

The black coffin that was the base of the summons was destroyed. However, the summons still exist. This situation is indeed rare, but it is not completely impossible.

"Disappeared. But not completely." Wang Ling said.

This sounds like a Riddler-like explanation, but it’s actually not difficult to understand.

Because the body of this corpse dragon is spliced together, it is really related to the black coffin. It may be just one of the bones in this corpse dragon.

So for the corpse dragon, the black coffin was crushed. All it lost was just one of the insignificant bones.

However, this kind of splicing technology can be called a cosmic tailor. Wang Ling You can tell at a glance that it is not made by ordinary people. Chaos devices are naturally bred from the chaos of the universe. And this corpse dragon in the black coffin It definitely went through several transformations under the premise of human interference before it became what it is.

After crushing the black coffin, the negative black energy that filled the core world disappeared. But this also indicates that this corpse dragon will be completely free from the suppression of the summoning magic weapon and will achieve a state of liberation.

Boom!

The world began to tremble. The corpse dragon began to shine with a darkest light. The abyss-like black divine chains of order in the void were intertwined and shrouded in all directions. Suddenly, Wang Muyu's core world turned into a cage-like place.

It's the breath of the Dragon God...

At this moment, Wang Muyu really felt that there was part of the Dragon God's skull on this corpse dragon.

And it comes from one of the three leaders of the Dragon Clan, Cangyuan, Dark Devour, and Moonlight...





Chapter 2180 The double game between reality and illusion


A dragon god skull was selected from the body of the three orthodox leaders of the dragon clan, and then spliced together into a corpse dragon.

Wang Muyu frowned. He was deeply surprised. He could directly transform the original summoned creatures inside the Chaos Device. He also perfectly embedded a piece of Dragon God's skull into the body of the corpse dragon. This was definitely not something that normal monks could do.

Even he couldn't do it himself. The operation is too difficult and involves many laws and regulations. Although Wang Muyu knows the theory, there is often a big difference between theory and practice.

If you are not careful during the entire process of splicing the corpse dragon, the law will collapse, causing the chaos device to be directly destroyed. Not to mention reshaping the corpse dragon in the coffin board, even the coffin board will be missing!

But among Wang Muyu's current limited knowledge, he can think of two people who can do this.

One is my father Wang Ling...

The other one, probably only Bai Zhe, the current leader of the dragon clan, can do it.

Although Bai Zhe, the leader of the dragon clan, is self-proclaimed and has not been recognized by Wang Muyu. But now almost all the dragon descendants are created by Bai Zhe. Jingze, Yan?, Qiao Yanyuan... these were trained by Bai Zhe The Dragonborn who emerged as a top subordinate. Now they all follow him to the death.

"Teacher, today's battle may be very dangerous."

Wang Muyu felt the crisis.

This is the second form of the Corpse Dragon. It directly releases the breath of the Dragon God. After getting rid of the shackles of the Chaos Device itself, it breaks away from the shackles of the sealed state. It even directly takes over in his core world, turning the surroundings into a Cage.

Dragon God’s Cage!

This is the suppression of a curse circle. It is entangled with the power of various obscure laws.

In fact, even if Wang Muyu didn't say anything, Yi Jianchuan also knew how risky this battle was. As the first human being to reach the holy realm, Huaxiu Sword Master. Although he stood at the realm of dragon descendants like Wang Muyu, Corpse Dragon, and Qiao Yanyuan. But after all, I have lived for thousands of years. Thousands of years of mental polishing and tempering are all real.

This curse was very dangerous, but it couldn't shake him. This was what surprised Qiao Yanyuan's clone the most.

"Muyu, you still have a long way to go. This is a practice. Treat it with a normal heart. Just perform normally." Yi Jianchuan's answer was much calmer than Wang Muyu imagined. He was as calm as ever. Wang Muyu is a great inspiration.

All I can say is that he is worthy of being the teacher chosen by Wang Ling. He did not lose his composure in such a critical moment. He has the air of a general.

Inside the carriage. Sun Rong also admired Yi Jianchuan.

"General Yi is really a sword that never grows old." She was deeply in awe of the Huaxiu Sword Master's magnanimity. Faced with such a battle where the world was collapsing and completely out of her league, he could still remain calm. This The state of mind is not something ordinary people can achieve.

"Teacher, don't move here. I will fight as quickly as possible!"

Wang Muyu yelled. He hung the Liuli Horn on his waist and decided not to retreat behind the scenes. Instead, he would fight in coordination with the Liuli Dragon God!

Boom!

He transformed into an aurora. The ground beneath his feet collapsed. He rushed into the sky and started a fierce battle with the corpse dragon in its second form.

In just a short moment, the aurora collapsed in the sky. Endless auras scattered like meteors all over the sky. They were the sparks caused by the friction between the two sides in the fierce fight. The speed was too fast. Fist shadows were flying. It was impossible to see the movements clearly. I saw traces of fighting all over the sky.

The world collapsed. The corpse dragon stretched out its bone hand and shook the sky. Repeatedly, a divine seal fell from the sky to suppress Wang Muyu.

Wang Muyu looked up to the sky. He was shocked to find that the suppression was not only aimed at himself, but also at the Sword Master sitting on the ground below.

teacher!

Wang Muyu was anxious. He asked the Liuli Dragon God to grab his feet and throw him out violently. He turned into a javelin and blocked it from a distance.

Like a meteor falling from the sky.

There was a bang. Before the divine seal fell, the suppression was blocked.

But the price is heavy pain.

This is equivalent to Wang Muyu trying to save his teacher.

With almost no defense, he urgently withstood the suppression with his body. This made Wang Muyu's body feel a strong sense of discomfort. For a moment, his whole body was shaking. And the glazed Dragon God in the void was Wang Muyu's Dharma form. After the main body was injured, the figure of Dharma also began to become shaky.

At this moment, Qiao Yanyuan's clone finally understood everything.

"That's it...this is not a summoned object! It's the spirit of your Dharma!" The clone laughed wildly. The corpse dragon in the second form is too strong. And its intelligence is far beyond his imagination. It's just the wisdom of fighting. Sexually speaking, it is almost unmatched by anyone! He actually cracked things that he had never understood before with just one probing move.

Everything is developing for the better!

The other body sneered.

He no longer retreated to the background. Instead, he chose to take the initiative and patted the injured Wang Muyu.

A repeat of the same trick. Summon the palms of those parallel space entities that have been swallowed up in the body. Like the Thousand-Hand Guanyin, they are densely covering Wang Muyu.

Being attacked from both sides, one can imagine the danger Wang Muyu faced.

"Wang Ling. Use your magical power to think of a solution! Muyu seems to be unable to bear it any longer!" Inside the carriage, Sun Rong looked worried. She begged.

Little did they know. Wang Ling had already made arrangements.

Boom!

At this moment, within Wang Muyu's core world, the heaven and earth shook. A silver aurora penetrated from a distance in the sky. That was the law, the order, and the Tao...

At that moment, Qiao Yanyuan's clone body and the corpse dragon felt the amazing power contained in this mysterious light coming from a distance.

In the end, all of this materialized into a golden bullet in their eyes.

"This is...Mr. Xiang's...bullet?" Sun Rong was shocked and anxious. Unexpectedly, at this critical time point, such a life-saving bullet would suddenly fall.

But in the world of Itinerant Immortal, Wang Ling has already shown off to Sun Rong. Qin Zhong and Xiang Yi are both in the game world. So where did this bullet from Xiang Yi come from?

"It's a bullet prepared in advance." Wang Ling said.

This happened shortly after Xiang Yi chose to serve as the guest secretary of the Office of Strategic Deception.

On that day, Wang Ling took Xiang Yi to a planet infinitely far away from the earth. He asked him to carry out precise snipers at the earth.

And this golden bullet is the strongest bullet under Xiang Yi's current ability. It spanned a distance of countless light years. It was shot from the distant universe to the earth. It finally passed through layers of space and arrived in Wang Muyu's core world.

This book-chasing app was recommended to me by an old book friend I’ve known for ten years. It’s really easy to use. I rely on it to pass the time while driving and before going to bed by reading and listening to books. You can download it here..]

Boom!

In an instant, Wang Muyu's core world and the sky above exploded due to the arrival of this bullet. Countless golden laws and orders accompanied the bullets, turning into mighty waterfalls pouring down from the cracks. Qiao Yanyuan's points were divided. The body, including the corpse dragon, was directly submerged...





Chapter 2181 The double game between reality and illusion②


. The fastest update on the daily life of the Immortal King! This long-planned bullet traveled across countless light years to arrive here. It was beyond everyone’s expectation. The golden bullet case was adjusted by Wang Ling’s first-step rule. . Pass through the layers of space and successfully reach Wang Muyu’s core world.

This is an impossible operation in the eyes of any monk. Wang Ling needs to obtain the law key of Wang Muyu's core world without harming Wang Muyu. Then condense the law key into an inscription and bless it on the bullet. .

Therefore, when the golden bullet arrived at the corresponding area, the inscription on the bullet was equivalent to the key. It entered Wang Muyu's core world without any effort, causing this unexpected blow.

The mighty golden law and order buried the clone body and the corpse dragon below. No one could have imagined that two masters who had reached the ancestral realm would be buried on the spot. And there was no chance of fighting back.

These golden laws entangled them, making them feel like they were trapped in a quagmire, sinking deeper and deeper.

"Fly! Fly!"

Both the clone body and the corpse dragon were neighing and roaring. They tried their best to resist, trying to break free from the pouring golden sea of law.

But the legal pouring effect brought by this golden bullet is too targeted. When Wang Ling planned this bullet, he had even calculated the positions of several people.

Therefore, this sea of laws only takes effect between the body and the corpse dragon. On the contrary, Wang Muyu and Yi Jianchuan are in a relatively safe location, overlooking the two people who are being submerged.

They struggled in pain. But it was not over yet.

Boom!

The next second, the golden bullet hit the sea of laws. In an instant, the core world shook. The sea of laws was burning violently.

This scene is too amazing. It's like a large firework and firecracker exploding here. Immortal energy fluctuations are connected in an instant. It's like the stars in the sky collide at this moment.

The clone body and the corpse dragon were already struggling to break free from this sea of laws. They were firmly restricted in the sea of laws. In addition, the sea of laws exploded.

To sum it up in one sentence -

They were blown to pieces!

In a short moment, the whole body felt like being punched by a trillion tons. It was being beaten by explosions all the time. Although it was not in the universe, it was better than being in it. The two people were blown up and were completely messed up. Here Pieces are floating up and down in the sea.

Yi Jianchuan put his hands behind his back and watched this scene. It was also messy in the wind.

Two ancestral realms...

In this sea of laws, they are like two dogs about to be drowned. It is really miserable. They float up and down. Sometimes they jump out of the sea, sometimes they are submerged by the laws and sink to the bottom of the sea. They also spit out all kinds of things they accidentally drank in their mouths. Golden Rule.

These golden laws are inherently burning and exploding. Therefore, they not only have to withstand the explosion outside the body, but also the explosion and surge inside the body at the same time.

"Muyu...what is this golden bullet?"

Yi Jianchuan was shocked.

He only saw a golden bullet coming towards him. Then he directly turned the situation around. Who shot this bullet... made Yi Jianchuan very curious.

Even the top gunner in the modern world of cultivation may not be able to achieve such an effect if he tries his best to fire this bullet.

Therefore, what Yi Jianchuan guessed in his mind was that this person must have come from Eternal. Unless he was a powerful Eternal One, how could he possibly turn two ancestral realms into a drowned dog...

"It's a brother I know. He didn't graduate from college." Wang Muyu replied directly.

He didn't tell Xiang Yi directly. But he still revealed his identity. Yi Jianchuan broke into cold sweat after hearing it.

College students who have not graduated...

Is this still a normal human being?

The sea of laws. The artistic atmosphere of the explosion covered the entire sea area. The seven-color mountains belonging to Wang Muyu's core world were shattered together with the sea of laws. They exploded into gorgeous seven-color whirlpools. From a distance, they looked like the painter Fan Gao's masterpiece.

The colors are rich and full of artistic sense. You can use any photo you take as a screensaver. No one can imagine that this explosion is still going off. The explosions are shocking. It pushes the fighting in the entire core world to a climax.

On the ferry in the restricted sea area, Qiao Yanyuan was sweating profusely. He was caught in a dilemma for a while.

Before seeing this golden bullet, he immediately realized how extraordinary this bullet was. He wanted to directly switch to his clone body and rush to the front line to resolve this battle.

However, after seeing the power of the continuous explosion of this golden sea of laws, he fell silent.

Because it looks painful...

The clone body and the corpse dragon had been knocked unconscious. Even if his stronger body passed by, Qiao Yanyuan was not sure whether he could withstand the blow.

If the clone body is released directly, it means that the injured body of the clone body will be synchronized with one's own soul at the moment the clone body is released. As the main body, oneself will also share part of the pain.

This is also what Qiao Yanyuan doesn't want to see.

So right now, it seems that there is only one way. That is to directly terminate the clone contract with this real clone and let him fend for himself...

But doing this will directly affect his cultivation.

In other words, Qiao Yanyuan now has two choices.

Either endure the physical pain. Or endure the pain of losing your cultivation.

All in all, it's just pain and that's it...

Other than that, he has no other choice.

Over there at the Office of Strategic Deception. Are there still experts out there...

Qiao Yanyuan was stunned.

He thought that the investigation into the Office of Strategic Deception had been thorough. But he didn't expect that this sudden golden bullet would turn the entire situation around...

It is obvious that the strongest boy on earth is restricted in the game world. It is obvious that Wang Muyu seems to be in a helpless state. No existing monk on earth may not be able to help him. Even that man's sister steps in. So With Qiao Yanyuan's current combat power, he is also confident that he can directly snatch Wang Muyu away while resisting the little girl.

But something like this happened right now. Qiao Yanyuan's plan to snatch Wang Muyu came to a deadlock.

Damn...it's so unforgivable...

Qiao Yanyuan was extremely unwilling.

Bai Zhe had just given him the title Purple Sun Dragon Lord. This was a symbol of nobility among the dragonborn. It proved that his status had been promoted to a first-line general by Bai Zhe.

But he, a front-line general, had a bad start. The first mission ended in failure.

Qiao Yanyuan was very angry. But there was nothing he could do.

The explosion of this golden sea of laws still hasn't stopped.

It seems that his clone and the corpse dragon will never come back. No ancestral realm can withstand such a continuous explosion that can be called a star bomb...

Qiao Yanyuan gritted his teeth. He had no choice but to summon the clone contract and cut the contract directly.

This move is to cut off the gecko's tail. But it is a helpless move.

I can only think of other ways to make amends.





Chapter 2182 The double game between reality and illusion③


. The fastest update on the daily life of the Immortal King! After Qiao Yanyuan cut off the connection with his clone body, the violent sea of laws suddenly returned to calm. Wang Muyu looked at the golden sea of laws that almost covered his entire core world. There is unprecedented peace in my heart.

He took a step forward. He couldn't help but reach out and touch this sea of laws.

"Muyu, be careful." Yi Jianchuan wanted to reach out and pull Wang Muyu. But it was too late. Little Muyu's immature hands had already reached into the sea of laws in front of him.

A magical thing happened. This golden sea of laws actually did not hurt him. Instead, he felt a warm power surging throughout his body, repairing the remaining injuries on his body.

"This golden sea of laws... still picks people to hurt?" Wang Muyu didn't understand.

He thought he had inherited a lot of things and knew a lot. But as long as Wang Ling intervened, there would always be things happening that he couldn't understand.

"Teacher, come and try." Wang Muyu pulled Yi Jianchuan backhand. Of course Yi Jianchuan resisted. He believed that the Law Sea was very dangerous.

However, Wang Muyu's strength was too great. He couldn't resist Wang Muyu's strength at all. He fell in with a pop and was directly soaked in the sea of laws.

The severe pain he imagined did not occur. There was no explosion at all. Yi Jianchuan felt a powerful spiritual power pouring into his body.

"My longevity...seems to have increased..." Yi Jianchuan couldn't believe it. His body had actually become younger. Not only had his longevity increased, but his cultivation also seemed to have increased a bit.

He had obviously just broken through to the holy realm. As a result, during the time he was soaked in the sea of laws, Yi Jianchuan felt that he had a hint of understanding the Tao realm.

"Muyu, my teacher... seems to be about to break through again..."

The corners of Yi Jianchuan's mouth twitched. His whole body was immersed in the sea of laws. He felt an unprecedented spiritual power filling his body.

More than that, these laws seemed to be lingering around him and guiding him forward, continuously inputting the knowledge of the unreachable realm of Tao into his consciousness.

This Law Sea not only repaired his body, but also had the effect of guiding consciousness.

Yi Jianchuan suddenly thought of an idiom.

This is enlightenment...

This power suddenly woke him up. It clarified some theories about breakthrough realm that he had been unable to understand. It broadened his original narrow vision and made him suddenly feel enlightened. A feeling of understanding.

It turns out that the feeling of Taoism is like this...it is not as far away as he imagined.

"It seems that the teacher is really going to make a breakthrough!" Wang Muyu looked at Yi Jianchuan who was immersed in the sea of laws. He saw his teacher's whole body exuding golden light. It was shining brightly. This was a sign that he was about to break through the Tao realm.

"But it's strange to say. I don't have that many insights, teacher. I just feel that my body has been repaired."

Wang Muyu stared at Yi Jianchuan. He thought for a moment. Then he banged his hands: "I understand, teacher! This sea of laws has an enlightening effect on monks under the ancestral realm! That's why it can help you realize the Tao so quickly." The essence of scripture!"

This is the only possibility that Wang Muyu can think of. After all, this sea of laws is a miracle created by Wang Ling combined with Xiang Yi. The effect must be extraordinary.

Wang Muyu can feel that there is spiritual wisdom in the golden sea of law. A spiritual wisdom that can distinguish good from evil. The sea of law will not easily forgive anything with evil thoughts.

And this is why Wang Muyu and Yi Jianchuan were not harmed.

Wow!

At this moment, a huge creature jumped up on the calm sea.

"Is it...a whale? No..." Wang Muyu looked away from a distance. This was a creature with golden light all over its body. Upon closer inspection, it also had a slightly red color. Wang Muyu relied on his precise dynamic vision. Ability to observe repeatedly.

Final confirmation. This is a huge! Koi!

In the sea of laws, there is actually such a huge koi fish swimming...

After being slightly lost for a moment.

Wang Muyu instantly understood who made this koi fish. It turned out that Wang Ling not only prepared the bullet... the bullet also contained a summoning circle. At the moment when the golden law sea was formed. This huge koi fish was summoned...

When necessary, the koi fish will take action and become the second trump card to help Wang Muyu get out of trouble.

This koi fish is too big. When I read it from the golden law sea in the distance, it blocked the sky and covered the sky. The orderly golden scales rendered everything as if the gods were descending.

It flapped its fins and swung its tail, forming waves in the distance and transporting two black spots ashore.

It was no one else. It was Qiao Yanyuan who had been abandoned by his true body and separated his body and the corpse dragon.

The two people were so dizzy from the explosion that they completely fainted.

"It's so pitiful. He was abandoned by his own body." Wang Muyu poked the heads of the two of them. They were still alive, but they could no longer move.

He stared at the real clone derived from Qiao Yanyuan. He suddenly thought that he had accidentally attracted a clone of Qiao Yanyuan before in the ancestral land. He also called him Er Qiao at the time.

"I understand. I'll call you San Qiao from now on." Wang Muyu said, staring at San Qiao in front of him.

Compared with Er Qiao, the San Qiao in front of him is extraordinary. Although he is not as powerful as the main body, at least his body is compatible with many clones from other parallel dimensions. His combat power is still very impressive.

And the law sea calming down again is actually what Wang Ling means.

The chess game of Wang Ling has just begun.

With this Sanqiao...

For Wang Ling, Qiao Yanyuan's defeat is already doomed.

Because he wanted San Qiao to completely replace Qiao Yanyuan, and... reduce Qiao Yanyuan's body to a substitute.





Chapter 2183 The double game between reality and illusion④


. The fastest update on the daily life of the Immortal King! Itinerant Immortal's magic circle. A large number of players come from all over the game world.

Just to witness with my own eyes the rare spectacle of Mr. Tibetan Fox using the ancient method of refining elixirs from an active volcano.

Not only is the Itinerant Immortal game world gathering a huge number of players.

Countless viewers in the real world outside the game world have also begun to care about this live broadcast, which is unprecedented in the history of games.

Inside the Office of Strategic Deception. Bai Qiao is in the central control room of the Internet cafe. There are many disciples of the Office of Strategic Deception operating the computers in front of them in an orderly manner. The underground of the Internet cafe is the server of Itinerant Immortal. Just setting up the server is enough. It has built six entire underground floors.

In order to ensure that the game can run smoothly without lag, the Office of Strategic Deception has also recruited many cutting-edge technology monks in the real world.

They don't have much practical experience, and their realm itself is not high. But their academic qualifications are unparalleled. They are the type of people who have mastered the theoretical school in the modern world of cultivation.

In fact, the modern world of cultivation needs the existence of such people. Only in this way can the development of modern cultivation technology be truly promoted.

Bai Qiao is holding a tablet computer. Looking at the rising game data, he can't help but feel a little excited in his heart. As a developer of the game, I am afraid that this kind of excitement can only be experienced by personal participants.

"Elder Bai Qiao. The number of people online in the game has exceeded 400 million! The number of live broadcast viewers around the world watching active volcanoes making alchemy has exceeded one billion!" said a member of the Office of Strategic Deception.

This level of attention has already broken the best record for a new game this year. However, compared to the large-scale multi-terminal open world game {original Immortal} that created the myth of game history, it is still a little behind.

Of course. Looking at the tens of billions of monks around the world, the achievements of these two ceiling games in today's world of cultivation are nothing more than rare.

Although it is a pity, as a newcomer in the gaming industry, Bai Qiao is still full of confidence in his future.

{Itinerant Immortal's Magic Ring} is no worse than {Original Immortal}. It is still limited by the limitations of the login device. After all, not all players can have a holographic game cabin.

Of course. There are also simple versions of holographic simulation helmets on the market. You only need to put on the helmet and connect it to your phone through the data cable. Just enter it through the phone port.

However, after entering the simple version of the helmet, it is affected by various factors. Neither the game fluency nor the overall experience is as strong as the holographic cabin.

Many players play games just for convenience, relaxation and happiness. This is why the popularity of {Itinerant Immortal} is not as high as {Original}.

Summarizing experience is always necessary. But now Bai Qiao, in addition to analyzing game data, also needs to be wary of Bai Zhe's actions.

The entire game world is gradually becoming real.

Many disciples of the Office of Strategic Deception who are processing data here have already discovered the clues.

They discovered that in the sky background of the game world, there was a large group of indescribable gray fog that could not be modified or deleted.

Bai Qiao naturally knows what this is.

But in order to avoid causing panic, I still responded with a "bug" in the game. I pretended to create a team of programmers to fix this "bug" that could not be fixed at all with the existing technology.

For Bai Qiao, it can only be postponed for a while. He only hopes that the sword master Wang Ling can successfully assist Mr. Zanghu in completing this "Wall Breaker Project".

In the carriage, Wang Ling witnessed a large number of players riding their own mounts and bringing magic weapons to the crater near Fuyun Town. It was a chaotic scene. Each person had their own unique characteristics. Let Wang Ling stand in a moment It reminds me of the feeling I had as a gamer watching movies before.

"The ancient method of refining elixirs from active volcanoes. I didn't expect that someone actually understands this."

"Who is this senior who looks like a Tibetan fox? Why did he make himself look like this?"

"What do you mean? Are heretical players not worthy of playing games?"

Many people have begun to have a strong curiosity about Mr. Zanghu. However, itinerant Immortal has thousands of spoof players. Not everyone wants to make themselves look like handsome guys or beauties. A large part of the heretics are not Mainstream players like to make their characters look like Cthulhu aliens.

Near the active volcano. Under the deliberate layout of Wang Ling, plus a fleet of NPCs hired by Mr. Zanghu, the nearby area was directly surrounded by an iron barrel.

Mr. Zanghu spent some silver and spiritual stones to set up magic circles on all sides. He mobilized troops in this way because he was worried about being disturbed by external factors.

However, whether the active volcano alchemy can successfully produce the elixir is no longer important to Mr. Zanghu. The first phase of his Wall Breaker Project mission has been successfully completed.

There are a lot of players gathered here. This is a bait for Bai Zhe. I just don’t know if Bai Zhe will start the operation normally.

And the facts proved that everything was as expected by Wang Ling. Bai Zhe, who had been doing "business", did not miss this rare opportunity.

The strange gray fog that shrouds the world of Itinerant Immortal is gathering in large quantities in the direction of Fuyun Town...





Chapter 2184 Wall Breaker Plan


. The fastest update on the daily life of the Immortal King! The number of players gathered in Fuyun Town is no less than tens of millions. Because of this active volcano alchemy ceremony, the attention of players from all over the world was attracted. Indescribable strange gray fog came from a distance. It came and quickly completely submerged the sky above here.

Wang Ling can feel that among the players present, many people have been affected by the gray fog. From a series of data, they have become real characters in the world of Itinerant Immortal.

At first, some people found that they could no longer exit the game. They thought there was a problem with the game cabin or that the game server was being updated. That was why they were temporarily unable to exit the game. They were a little confused. But fortunately Panic has not yet spread directly.

They were affected by Bai Zhe's gray fog. At the beginning, they all clearly understood the difference between the real world and the game world. As this gray fog continued to deepen, they began to gradually forget about themselves in the real world, and thought that they were now The game character you play is your true self.

Model cognition.

Such a method is no longer something that normal human monks can do. Even Taoist masters cannot directly imitate a human's cognition using such a simple and crude method.

These players affected by the gray fog are like frogs cooked in warm water. Without realizing it, they have completely changed from real people living in the real world to a bunch of real and fake data people. .

I have to say. Wang Ling feels that Bai Zhe's methods are more sinister and ruthless than before. He directly chose to do it in such a game instead of doing it directly in the real world.

If we were to directly summon this indescribable gray mist in the real world, Wang Ling could lift it all away with just a wave of his hand.

So. On the one hand, this is to deliberately test his reaction. On the other hand, it is also to use this opportunity to "trap" him in the game world to settle the grudge with Wang Muyu.

"Wang Ling...Look, the sky seems to have suddenly darkened..."

Sun Rong stared at the gray fog shrouding this place. His thoughts began to swirl: "Do you think we should open half a sect here tomorrow..."

"By the way. Our household registration has not been moved to Fuyun Town yet..."

"So later, we just need to transfer our household registration here. Then we can settle here directly."

"As for Lao Huang... eh... we can adopt him directly..."

"Miss Sun?" She was full of sarcastic words, which made Lao Huang deeply puzzled.

In his impression, Sun Rong was not a person who could directly say such mindless words. But he didn't expect that at the moment when the gray fog enveloped him, Sun Rong's words were really shocking. It’s beyond words. I’ll kill Lao Huang and Wang Ling on the spot.

"This...Miss Sun has been assimilated?" Lao Huang took a deep breath.

The result is obvious.

Wang Ling sighed helplessly. He raised his hand very gently, and then carefully flicked Sun Rong's forehead.

Sun Rong's eyes that lost focus almost instantly regained focus. All the thoughts that had drifted away just now returned: "Wang Ling..."

Immediately afterwards, there was a burst of crazy blushing!

It makes Sun Rong want to dig a hole in the ground and get in...

"Wang Ling. Don't get me wrong... What I just said doesn't count... I'm talking nonsense. I don't even know what I'm talking about..."

Sun Rong explained with a blushing face. She didn't know what happened to her just now. But she did understand what it was like to forget about the real world: "This Bai Zhe. It's really good." Danger. I felt like I was really living in the Itinerant Immortal ring at that moment. Everything outside had nothing to do with me. I just wanted to survive in this world."

This is a manifestation of the molding of self-cognition.

Due to this indescribable gray mist, all the players here are now being assimilated little by little.

Launch a collective spell. The damage is too powerful. It can wake everyone up.

But I'm not sure if there will be any accidents... I'll shoot them in the forehead one by one. This is unrealistic. So this is the significance of this "Operation Wall Breaker" with Mr. Zanghu as the core of the tactics.

"So what should we do now? Everyone's perception... is gradually becoming mimetic. They think they are real players..." Sun Rong said anxiously.

I have already experienced a change from reality to illusion. This kind of danger finally made Sun Rong realize how big Bai Zhe's ambition is.

Driving the magic weapon, Mr. Zanghu came to the active volcano crater under the protection of the convoy NPC. The sudden and inexplicable gray mist in the sky gave him an ominous premonition.

Mr. Zanghu knows it well. Success or failure depends on this.

He put his hand into his sleeve, took out a red and blue pill that he had prepared in advance, and then threw it directly into the crater.

This is not an active volcano elixir...

Many players don't understand the significance of this action.

But soon, following Mr. Zanghu’s unintentional actions, a huge earthquake occurred between heaven and earth!

Boom!

At the location of the crater, a bright beam of light spurted out from it. This was a rune with laws and order. It directly impacted the gray mist in the sky. And it broke in an instant. It turned into a moistening drizzle, crystal clear and translucent. . Completely cover this area.

The hurricane that shook out from the crater also blew this rune of order to the far reaches of the world.

The rain-like runes dripped finely on every player's face. Almost instantly. Those faces that had lost themselves seemed to wake up one by one. They stood there dumbly... .

"It's done."

Inside the carriage. Wang Ling said calmly while sitting.

This pill.

It was secretly created by Wang Ling in the game world. And just when Mr. Zanghu announced to the players around the world that he was going to make alchemy from an active volcano, it was secretly transmitted to Mr. Zanghu.

It's not an ordinary operation. It's just Mr. Zanghu's move. All the players here, including Bai Zhe, didn't expect it. It was a feint.

Bai Zhe didn't expect that such a player who didn't seem to have any abnormality could actually withstand the pressure of Gray Fog's cognitive model and complete this wall breaker plan.

...

"He's just an ordinary monk with only the Nascent Soul stage... Why can he maintain his own knowledge with a clear mind in the gray fog?" After realizing that he was missing a move after all, he was on the alien planet. Bai Zhe, who was absorbing the cosmic star energy, frowned deeply. He couldn't believe that the action he had planned for a long time was so easily cracked by that man again.

Although on the surface it seems to have nothing to do with Wang Ling, Bai Zhe knows very well that if he can break this situation, there must be Wang Ling secretly assisting him.

This person is invincible in the real world...

In the game world, is it also invincible?

Bai Zhe felt incredible.





Chapter 2185 Professional light bulb replacement plan


. The fastest update on the daily life of the Immortal King! Friday, January 24th.

Mr. Zanghu lived up to expectations and completed his mission. With the help of Wang Ling, he successfully completed this Wall Breaker operation.

Bai Zhe's tentative actions failed. But this does not mean that the other party will stop there. For Wang Ling, he needs to protect the entire earth in secret. But in Bai Zhe's eyes, he has already taken Wang Ling As his fateful opponent.

Bai Zhe arranged this piece of gray fog that can be converted into reality and reality. Wang Ling secretly collected part of it with his own divine weapon. He planned to use it for research.

This is a piece of intelligent gray fog. Wang Ling connected Wang Tong to the game cabin in the form of a data cable. Then they cast a spell on the gray fog to convert reality into reality, making the gray fog mistakenly think that Wang Tong was theirs. Home. As a result, part of the gray fog was successfully captured by Wang Tong.

So far, Wang Ling still has not found out the source of this strange gray mist. Wang Tong also has a method of converting virtual reality into reality. In a sense, gray mist's method of converting virtual reality into reality is very similar to Wang Tong's. But not as strong as Wang Tong.

If it is really enough to compete with Wang Tong, it won't be partially captured by Wang Tong.

On that day, almost all the players who were trapped in the game cabin woke up and left the game cabin. It was as if they had had a dream. All the monks did not understand what happened. They just felt that the Itinerant Immortal magic ring was The game is so magical...it has a magical power that makes people immersed in it. I spent several days without even realizing it.

It is indeed the immersive game of the year!

Many players didn't realize it. They didn't know that they were protected by Wang Ling. They escaped a catastrophe that almost meant they would become virtual characters forever. Instead, they happily played the ultimate Itinerant Immortal ring one after another. High overall game score.

At the same time, because the game is too immersive, Bai Qiao also received a notice of server suspension and rectification from Huaxiu Alliance.

This once again pushed the Itinerant Immortal magic ring to a climax. Many monks who had never played this game began to feel regretful. It was a pity that they had not experienced this game earlier...

It is actually necessary to stop taking it for rectification.

This is also what Wang Ling means.

Although Wang Ling cracked the gray fog and prevented a large number of players from this unnecessary disaster. But it is not sure whether Bai Zhe will leave any other easter eggs in the game world of Itinerant Immortal. So he I asked Bai Qiao to stop the server immediately. I cooperated with Wang Ming to investigate the program loopholes in the game in detail to ensure that Bai Zhe did not leave any trouble.

After exiting the game, Sun Rong felt a little empty in his mind.

Finally, I played a game with Wang Ling. After quitting the game, the girl began to feel a little... No! It was a lot. A hollow feeling...

Playing games with a boy for so long. To be honest, this is the first time Sun Rong has done that.

If it had been anyone else, one more minute would have been too long for her. That is, Wang Ling...it would have given her unprecedented patience for the rest of her life.

Of course. The root cause is that she is greedy for him...

I've been craving it for a long time.

In the game world, there seemed to be endless tasks between her and Wang Ling, which could bring them closer. But after leaving those tasks in the game, Sun Rong suddenly found herself temporarily I couldn't find any other reason to date Wang Ling.

According to Sun Rong's inherent routine. In order to prevent herself from being too embarrassed when she is alone with Wang Ling, she usually invites Chen Chao and Guo Hao, two professional light bulbs, to go out to play support. However, she doesn't In addition, give Chen Chao and Guo Hao some benefits. Let them find a chance to escape halfway... This will naturally create conditions for getting along with Wang Ling naturally.

But the problem is. Now Chen Chao and Guo Hao are still practicing under the leadership of their master for the plan to impact the center of the earth...

Yes. She has been playing the game for several days. But Chen Chao and Guo Hao still haven't come out of the secret realm of adaptation in Hui Shuo Mountain.

"Ying'er... you said. Is there any other way..." Sun Rong fell into distress.

Even this started to give advice to Sun Ying'er who looked very unreliable. Sun Ying'er held her waist. In the past few days of Sun Rong and Wang Ling's happy game. She She was actually tortured quite a lot by Wang Ying. But because of memory synchronization, she knew more or less everything that happened in the game world with Sun Rong.

As for Sun Ying'er's comments, Sun Rong originally didn't have much hope.

But this time, Sun Ying'er actually made a constructive suggestion: "Now the game is out of service. But didn't you make new friends in the game? You can go and get that with Ling Zhenren. Make an appointment with your new friend. Temporarily take the place of Chen Chao and Guo Hao, the two professional light bulbs."

Sun Rong tapped his hand: "Yes!"

She remembered it instantly. Old Huang...

During these days in Fuyun Town, I was inseparable from them. I followed the passerby players who dealt with large and small matters together. Not only were they humorous and funny, but the key was that they also had high emotional intelligence!

Sun Rong actually has a hunch. This person must be a good assist!

"Yes, Ying'er. I didn't expect you to actually come up with a good idea!" Sun Rong was moved by Sun Ying'er's enlightenment.

The next step is to find Lao Huang!

In terms of player information, Sun Rong cannot investigate by himself. He can only ask Bai Qiao... But Bai Qiao is the scabbard spirit of Wang Ling after all. Sun Rong is worried that he will go there directly. Asking will alert the snake. In the end, I used a roundabout way to find another reliable person who knew the entire game structure and would never betray himself to help.

"Yes...Brother Ming. This is the player named Lao Huang..."Sun Rong called Wang Ming directly and asked cautiously.

Wang Ming actually knew that Sun Rong would make such a call. He immediately laughed and said, "Don't worry. The matter between you and Wang Ling is my business. Checking a person's information is nothing. But this I'm busy. I can only help you once... After all, it's very unethical to check someone's home address..."

"Yes, Brother Ming... don't worry. If Lao Huang refuses to meet with us, I will never force him..." Sun Rong nodded quickly and said, "I will send a message to ask first. "

"What did he tell you when we were in the game before?"

"He said he also lives in Songhai. His profession is a painting repairman."

"Painting repair?"

Wang Ming raised his eyebrows: "Did you major in immortal painting in college? This major is very unpopular. Although Ma Liang, the magic brush, is very handsome, most of the spells in it are difficult to control."

"Yes. So I think Lao Huang is also a very powerful person in the real world." Sun Rong said.

Wang Ming looked at the computer screen and operated.

About three minutes later, Wang Ming's suspicious voice came over the phone: "That's not right, Rongrong. Are you sure the game ID you provided is correct?"

"There's no mistake...Lao Huang's game ID. I know it by heart. This is it."

"But it's strange. I didn't find any information about this ID in the player database."





Chapter 2186 Lao Huang’s true identity


. The fastest update on the daily life of the Immortal King! Wang Ling, Sun Rong Although they have not met Lao Huang in the real world, it is undeniable that through these days of getting along in Fuyun Town, they are on the same page. I think Lao Huang has an interesting soul. He is a naturally optimistic person. Being with him seems to make people feel relaxed.

There is a kind of magical power in Lao Huang. He seems to be able to harmonize the surrounding atmosphere very well. This is due to Lao Huang's personal charm and the emotional intelligence accumulated from his rich social experience.

At the same time, regarding the experiences Lao Huang mentioned, such as account suspension compensation, Wang Ming learned that these indeed happened.

But Lao Huang’s current player data cannot be found at all. This is very abnormal. Generally speaking, even if players actively consume it, their data will be sealed by the game company. This is to prevent some people from using this malicious method. The method of consumption extorts players. It also gives players a chance to regret.

So even if Lao Huang takes the initiative to cancel the account, it is impossible not to have any data left. This group of player data is like evaporating from the world. It has completely disappeared.

Wang Ming found it a bit unbelievable. He even felt that there was something unusual behind the disappearance of Lao Huang's data.

That night, Bai Qiao, as the official operator of {Itinerant Immortal}, issued an announcement for server suspension and rectification. The wording of the content was exactly the same as the recent news released by Heavy Rain, a major player in the industry.

Because the contract renewal was not negotiated, the Huaxiu country agent game company failed to successfully obtain the right to renew the contract. Many of the games published by Heavy Rain Company in the Huaxiu country region will also face game server closure. This is very important to players in the game industry. It was undoubtedly a major earthquake.

As a new game company backed by the Office of Strategic Deception, Bai Qiao respects these industry veterans in the game circle very much. Therefore, he is very cautious even in the wording of the service suspension announcement.

For example, the data of all game players will be archived. The data will be restored when the game resumes operations. An equal amount of compensation will be provided based on the date of the archive.

And the last sentence. We will go hand in hand with all Itinerant Immortal players and fight until the last second!

But even so, there are still voices of abuse on the Internet.

The discontinuation of Itinerant Immortal's magic ring has caused dissatisfaction among many fanatical fans.

A casual cultivator faced the reporter's interview and showed a fierce look: "Are you worthy of us? Please refund the money!"

...

In today's online world, people's hearts are complicated and impetuous. It is never possible to satisfy everyone. In the face of some negative voices, you can only stay calm as much as possible and digest it yourself.

Wang Ling remembers when I participated in the spirit sword exchange meeting with the fifty-nine gates in the first semester. There were also some bad voices on the campus forum.

But in his opinion, those negative news are a bit too childish. Not even a trace of mood swings can affect him.

In Wang Ling's view, ignoring is the best response to these trolls who only hide on the Internet and shout.

And. Wang Ling feels that there are very few things in this world that can cause him to have emotional fluctuations. If there is really someone who can make him have an emotional reaction. Wang Ling feels that he should really thank this person.

At this time, Wang Ling turned on the phone and found that Sun Rong had edited a large number of messages for himself.

To sum up, Lao Huang's data is missing. And Wang Ming has tried all methods so far. None of the data can be recovered.

With Wang Ming's ability, even Wang Ming cannot recover this data. This only means one thing. That is, Lao Huang's data did not exist from the beginning.

"Sword Master, you mean, Lao Huang is a virtual person?" Jingke asked.

"No. If it is a virtual person affected by the gray fog, the data will still remain after the restrictions of the gray fog are lifted." Wang Ying frowned. Analyzed: "So after ruling out all possibilities, the only possibility left is The result is that Lao Huang never existed from the beginning. He was a maverick individual formed due to complicated reasons.

"Wang Ling heard this. He couldn't help but sigh.

What Wang Ying said is exactly what he wanted to express.

This person, Lao Huang, did not exist from the beginning. To be precise, Lao Huang was affected by the gray fog and a wonderful chemical reaction occurred with the game data in the Itinerant Immortal magic ring.

His prototype. If Wang Ling guessed correctly, he should be an NPC in the Itinerant Immortal magic circle.

Yes. Lao Huang is different from an NPPC. Lao Huang developed intelligence through his own learning ability. He has his own independent thinking consciousness. And finally became a real character under the influence of gray fog.

From his communication with other players, Lao Huang, who is an NPC, began to believe that he was a player in the real world. He also made up a set of real-life identities for himself that could deceive him.

In fact, this real identity was made up by Lao Huang from beginning to end and does not exist at all.

Including Lao Huang's character, family environment and other factors related to Lao Huang...

In this regard, Wang Ling seemed particularly helpless. He looked at Sun Rong's extremely anxious text message. Inexplicably, a kind of compassion began to show in his heart.

I don't know why. Wang Ling finds that he always seems to be particularly concerned about her requests. Especially when he sees her looking so anxious. Although there is no other emotional reaction in his heart, there is only one thought in his mind. That is to agree to her request...

As long as he can do it, everything can be promised.

So now.

Wang Ling opened his five fingers and used his child power to absorb a small ball of the strange gray mist sealed in Wang Tong into his palm.

He decided to resurrect Lao Huang and give Lao Huang a new identity in the real world...so that he could continue to survive in the modern world of cultivation in a true human form...





Chapter 2187 Haven’t you noticed?


. The fastest update on the daily life of the Immortal King! The awakening of artificial intelligence. This is not a strange thing. Related concepts have been proposed for a long time.

It's just that Wang Ling didn't expect that Bai Qiao would play a game for the first time. In that ball of game data, the game data actually directly produced a chemical reaction, giving birth to such a person who may be the number one in the modern cultivation world. An artificial intelligence that awakens through self-awareness.

"So. You decided to transform him directly into reality. Really?" Wang Ying looked at Wang Ling and asked.

"Yeah."Wang Ling nodded.

At the same time, we are also gradually implementing our own plans.

"Haven't you noticed..."

"What?"

"No. Nothing. You continue." Wang Ying kept smiling.

He felt that Wang Ling was a little hopeless. Just because Sun Rong wanted to find Lao Huang, he actually wasted so much effort to resurrect an NPC who had awakened his intelligence into the real world. .

The procedures here are very cumbersome and complicated. The problem of Lao Huang's identity after returning to the real world. This is the best solution to all the problems.

In addition to solving the identity problem and giving him a name that he can live in in the real world, we also need to solve the problem of Huang's residence and everything that Huang thinks he has in real life in the game world.

Physical objects such as property are relatively easy to solve. What Wang Ying is thinking about is the connections that Lao Huang thinks he has in the real world...how to deal with this. It is not necessarily for Lao Huang. Create a circle of friends?

To bring such a virtual character into reality, there are really too many holes to fill. Even if Wang Ling can do it, it won’t be a waste of effort.

What Wang Ying just wanted to say is.

Haven't you noticed that you actually did such a troublesome thing for Sun Rong...

This matter has been troublesome from beginning to end. And you have always been the most troublesome person.

But now. You are actually practicing this.

Although it is said that he likes Lao Huang very much, Wang Ying always feels that this conclusion is a bit unreliable.

The first is the issue of identity.

Wang Ling is on the phone to confirm communication with Zhuo Yi. It was originally a very complicated matter. Wang Ling is directly connected to the memory of Zhuo Yi through brain waves. Realized Remote quantum entanglement was discovered. In an instant, Zhuo Yi understood what happened to White Hair.

"I understand, Master. His name is Huang Shengdong, right? I will go find a colleague to help him settle in." Zhuo Yi said.

Creating a false identity is not difficult for Zhuo Yi. Sometimes it is because of the need for tasks. So his superiors gave him the green light to facilitate his work.

Although Wang Ling now comes to him for help, it feels a bit like a public tool for personal use. But this man has saved the earth countless times!

Who knew that his fish-eyed master would give Lao Huang a real-life identity? Is it for the purpose of arranging chess pieces for Bai Zhe's next move?

After solving the identity problem. Wang LingThe next step is to solve Lao Huang's housing problem in the real world.

This one is actually very simple.

Just spend some money. It's not a big problem.

Wang Ling actually doesn't have much money. What's left of his pocket money has been deducted by Father Wang, a "skin-splitting writer".

Of course. Wang Ling can also directly convert his nearly unlimited spiritual power into spiritual stones for cash. However, this operation can easily disrupt the cultivation market. Moreover, the places for circulation are also very limited. Nowadays, most occasions use Immortal gold can be traded. Spiritual stones... can probably only be used in places like auctions.

But the auctions are all about selling ancient secret scrolls, various treasures, spiritual minerals and rare medicinal materials. Real estate like houses are rarely sold directly on the table.

But if Wang Ling wants, he can own a house at any time.

After all, the entire Office of Strategic Deception was established and developed to the scale it is today.

All thanks to him. When needed, just say hello to Lord Diu Lei.

The issues of identity and housing have been solved. Wang Ling still has to think about Lao Huang’s student status.

It's all about doing it seamlessly.

According to Lao Huang's own words, he graduated from Bahuang University majoring in traditional magic weapons. He majored in traditional bows.

In today's world of cultivation, under the background of modern scientific cultivation, there are actually not many monks who major in traditional bows. Most monks will directly choose to use more lethal magic weapons. For example, firearms and sniper rifles. Wait a minute!

From the perspective of lethality, sniper rifles are much stronger than traditional bows. This can be verified by Xiang Yi.

But there are still too few monks like Xiang Yi who can conquer the world with a sniper rifle.

After all, he is in another parallel universe. But he is the protagonist.

Wang Ling is preparing to solve the problem of Bahuang University’s student status for Lao Huang. He thinks that if Lao Huang wants to visit his alma mater again, he cannot let people not even see his alma mater.

As a result, he asked Wang Ming to check the system. He found that there was no such school as Bahuang University in the entire Huaxiu country...

"Yes, Ling Ling. I have already checked. There is no Bahuang University. There is only Bahuang Sect. But that was the sect a thousand years ago. At that time, because of offending the evil master Shen established the Sixiang Sect. The entire sect Uprooted by the evil god."

Wang Ming sighed and said, "Then what are you going to do now?"

In Wang Ming's view, Wang Ling's various operations today are like telling lies. One lie after another. The more they are filled in, the more they are filled in. It has begun to feel like it is too late to recover.

"Um..."

At this time, Wang Ling. was actually thinking about it.

Since there is no Bahuang University...

How about he just open one?





Chapter 2188 Stay up late


. The fastest update on the daily life of the immortal king! Wang Ling has done a lot of things for Lao Huang.

Even operations such as opening a university are already being planned.

Of course. It would be a bit too labor intensive to build one now, and it would be difficult to complete in a short period of time. So Wang Ling’s idea is to directly ask Lord Diu Lei to help fund the construction of a certain university’s campus, and then talk to the president. Discuss. Just change the name of the school.

This operation sounds like it will save a lot of energy and reduce emissions. With the funds, you will have a better campus environment and faculty. The price you pay is just a name change. Any university president would happily accept it.

Moreover, the Office of Strategic Deception is currently the number one super sect designated by Huaxiu Country. It accepts the capital injection from the Office of Strategic Deception. At present, no sect or school would want to refuse.

Everyone knows that the major shareholder behind the Office of Strategic Deception is Huaxiu Alliance. Having the backing of the Office of Strategic Deception is equivalent to having the backing of Huaxiu Alliance. By then, the status of the school will naturally be different.

Helping the school change its name. It seems difficult. After all, it is just a matter of Wang Ling.

Whether it is an ID card in the real world, a place of residence or a school. These hardware facilities are actually not difficult to solve for Wang Ling.

The most difficult thing to solve is the interpersonal relationships in Lao Huang's fantasy. In order to prevent Lao Huang from becoming suspicious, Wang Ling must find a way to clear up all of Lao Huang's personal relationships.

If there is really no way to implement the personal connections in the end. Wang Ling can only start with Lao Huang. Go directly to modify Lao Huang's memory.

That's just replacing a part. So everything done above can minimize the damage to Lao Huang.

Did so many things.

On the surface, it all seems to be for Lao Huang...

Who is it actually for?

Wang Ying could only smile.

That night. Wang Ling solved most of the things related to Lao Huang. It can be said that everything was done from top to bottom. Everything was done without leakage.

He was obviously an awakened NPC character, but he had a real new identity in this modern scientific cultivation city overnight.

Saturday, January 24th. There are 3 days left until the Earth Center Project begins.

Sun Rong and Wang Ling met at the gate of 60 High School as scheduled. Wang Ling was wearing a dk uniform. His whole body was filled with a natural sense of youth.

"Wang Ling...your body..."

In contrast. Sun Rong only feels that her white dress looks a little bit older.

He's so good-looking...

In the past, Sun Rong thought that no matter what she wore, she could cope with any situation. But now she discovered that she still had to think about her outfit a little bit when going out with the person she likes.

Obviously I never felt this way before. Why do I have this tangled sense of gap now?

Sun Rong analyzed the reasons. In the final analysis, Wang Ling was prettier than she imagined. And...she liked him even more than she imagined.

The beginning of love is a kind of beauty that is only tasted briefly. No one knows what will happen in the future between two people.

When she saw him wearing this outfit, she couldn't help but start thinking about it. Her thoughts drifted directly to what would happen more than ten years later.

Wang Ling rubbed the back of his head dully: "Doesn't it look good?"

This outfit was naturally matched to him by Mother Wang. Otherwise, a straight man like him would probably just put on a sweatshirt and go out, even when going out with girls.

Sun Rong shook his head like a rattle. He couldn't help but give a thumbs up: "No, no! Very good!"

There were many words of praise for Wang Ling in her mind. But when the words came to her lips, she was too shy to express them directly. In the end, she could only use body language to express the beauty of seeing this young boy.

Lao Huang's home was arranged in the South Immortal District. On their way to visit Lao Huang, the two took the Ling Neng Line 18 subway there.

Convenient. Fast. No traffic jams. Direct access... In addition, you can enjoy the scenery along the way.

This atmosphere is really great.

If there was no one else in the carriage, she would even want to confess her love to Wang Ling again.

After all, visiting Lao Huang's house is just a good-natured excuse for Sun Rong. What she really wants is to stay with Wang Ling for a while longer.

Admittedly, she doesn't expect Lao Huang to really bring her and Wang Ling together. In the end, emotional matters still have to rely on her own efforts.

The two of them looked at the scenery outside the window. They were speechless. But the scene was very beautiful.

She knows that rare alone time like this is the most suitable time to increase feelings.

You can't just be so rigid. You have to take the initiative to find some topics.

"Well...Wang Ling. Isn't it hard to raise a younger sister?"Sun Rong thought of Ah Nuan girl. She also has a younger sister. Although she is not a biological sister, she also gave love to this cousin back then. I've changed diapers.

As for my sister, Sun Rong feels that there should be quite a lot of common topics with Wang Ling.

Sun Rong: "I remember when I was taking care of my sister, I stayed up late at night. Sometimes I would get up in the middle of the night to help. My cousin was not honest when she was a child. She liked to cling to me very much. Hahaha..."

After Sun Rong finished speaking, Jingke couldn't sit still: "Sword Master, I stayed up late last night..."

As soon as it popped up, it was directly pressed back by Wang Ling.

"Stay up late?" Sun Rong wondered.

"It's OK..."

Wang Ling Feng Qingyun shook her head.

It was indeed a bit late to stay up late last night to deal with Lao Huang's matter. It wasn't because of her. It was just an accident...





Chapter 2189 The crisis of Sun Rong is coming again


. The fastest update on the daily life of the Immortal King! For a moment, the atmosphere was a bit more awkward than Sun Rong imagined. She thought that chatting with Wang Ling about her sister would open up the conversation. But she I found that I still overestimated the feedback ability of this wood.

However, it's not entirely without gain...

Jingke just said...stay up late?

Wang LingDid you stay up late last night?

Is the immortal king's staying up late called staying up late? It's just because he doesn't want to sleep.

But Sun Rong knows Wang Ling too well. A teenager who always just wants to live a peaceful life like ordinary people will of course pursue the right to sleep normally like ordinary people. So even though Wang Ling can indeed Not sleeping. Even not sleeping all the time... And this not sleeping will not have any impact on myself. But Wang Ling will try hard to sleep for eight hours every night like ordinary people.

Something that makes Wang Ling stay up late. It must be something very important.

Sun Rong thought about it. A drop of cold sweat began to flow from his forehead. And he suddenly felt a rare sense of crisis.

She suddenly wanted to know why Wang Ling stayed up late for... what could be so important.

"Ying'er?Ying'er?"

Sun Rong called Sun Ying'er several times in his heart.

However, Sun Ying'er did not respond at all...

The sunlight filtered through the spirit iron window. Sun Rong then realized that neither he nor Wang Ling had a shadow.

Obviously. Sun Ying'er and Master of Shadows went to have in-depth communication in private again...

pity.

If Sun Ying'er was around, she might be able to get some information.

But now. It's obviously impossible.

Sun Rong had a premonition that Wang Ling stayed up late last night. It was very unusual.

She admitted that there was a little bit of her own jealousy in this, which made her so concerned about what the boy did when he stayed up late last night...

As a result, the thing that worried Sun Rong the most happened.

In the carriage in the distance, a very familiar and beautiful figure walked towards them. She was still holding the pink floating dust and walking on her straw sandals. With a smile on her face: "I didn't expect to meet you two here."

It was none other than the female Taoist priest from Fenglei Taoist Temple. Wang Ling’s little girl, You Yueqing.

In an instant, Sun Rong's mood took a turn for the worse. It started to get a little worse.

I actually ran into You Yueqing while taking the subway...

Is this a coincidence?

Sun Rong was silent.

In fact, Sun Rong has always been more or less hostile towards this childhood sweetheart whom Wang Ling has known since childhood.

In addition, this female Taoist priest is equal to her in almost every aspect from appearance to temperament. He is not inferior to her in the slightest. It is like Sun Rong feels a strong sense of crisis.

Although he was unhappy in his heart, Sun Rong would still try his best to restrain himself in front of outsiders and show a kind of dignity and generosity: "Hello, Mr. You!"

"Principal Wang. Miss Rong. I didn't expect that we are still as destined as before."

You Yueqing laughed: "Speaking of which, where are you two going?"

Before she could finish speaking, You Yueqing began to play with the turtle shell in her hand and threw two copper coins. Then she showed a look of realization: "I understand! It turns out you two are going to the same place as me. !"

"..."

Sun RongThere is reason to believe that You Yueqing is definitely lying. But unfortunately there is no evidence.

In addition, the turtle shell in You Yueqing's hand was a gift from Wang Ling back then. It does have a certain degree of ability to deduce fortune-telling.

Sun Rong could only hold back all the words in his heart. He continued to say politely: "We are going to a community to visit friends."

She was very careful and did not directly name the community.

As a result, You Yueqing laughed to herself: "South Immortal District. A dream?"

Sun Rong was shocked. Because Yi Meng Xiao Yao was the community they were going to. You Yueqing had really calculated it accurately. And she accurately named the community.

"Daoist You is also going here?" Sun Rong asked in disbelief.

"yes.

My home is here." You Yueqing said. "Your home? Doesn't Master You live in a Taoist temple?"

"Although I usually live in Taoist Temple, I occasionally want to experience city life. So I have houses in various districts of Songhai City. Yimengxiaoyao is the latest high-end community built. When I bought it, it only cost 60,000. Yiping. Now it has risen to 180,000."

"..."

Sun Rong Hearing this, she almost had the urge to buy the entire plot of land in the community... She really didn't want to see You Yueqing. She always felt like she was seeing through every aspect of her. It seems that I am so weak and passive.

The confrontation between the two women was brief. But even Wang Ling could sense the huge amount of information brought by the game behind it.

He actually doesn't have much experience with this kind of reconciliation. He just feels uncomfortable being caught in it.

Whether it's Sun Rong or You Yueqing. One is his high school classmate. The other is his childhood sweetheart... Of course. Wang Ling doesn't know that he and You Yueqing are either. Can they be considered childhood sweethearts? But Mother Wang thinks they are. So let’s just consider it okay.

"My classmate Wang Ling and I went to visit a good friend. He lives here." Sun Rong said helplessly. It could be seen that the expression on her face was uncomfortable. She wished she could leave early at the next stop. .

Wang Ling was caught in the middle. His mind almost reacted subconsciously.

Although he didn't know why he reacted like this...

But when the train pulled into the next station, he actually pulled Sun Rong and left early.

Although they didn't hold hands. They just used the attraction technique to secretly pull Sun Rong.

You Yueqing did not follow. She just looked at their backs with a smile. Then as the train door closed tightly, she turned into an afterimage and disappeared in front of them...

It wasn't until this moment that Wang Ling realized that he seemed to have done something extraordinary that he had never done before.

He actually made a choice between two girls. And the one he chose was...Sun Rong?





Chapter 2190 The Surfing of the Immortal King [Love Chapter + Earth Center Chapter First Chapter]


.The daily life of the immortal king

Although You Yueqing's appearance made Sun Rong feel a sense of crisis. But judging from the results, Wang Ling seemed... to choose herself?

At that moment, Sun Rong's heart almost cleared up. There was a feeling of clouds and fog dispersing, and sunlight falling on the earth. Countless beautiful flowers emerged from the ground and then "pengpengpengpeng" bloom.

She wanted to ask Wang Ling why he made such a decision. But when she saw the young man rubbing the back of his head with a dull look on his face and a puzzled look on his face, she immediately stopped asking.

Although this was a great opportunity, she didn't want to inquire too deeply and scare him easily.

The biggest fear of wishful thinking and unrequited love is that the person you like has no feelings for you. Compared with the long-term devotion, you will not get any return. Wang Ling Such a small choice has given her great comfort.

At least it proved that he might, maybe, should...probably also have a crush on her, right?

Sun Rong immediately burst into laughter.

And I feel that this happiness can last for a long time. It can make her happy for at least a few days! No! Several months!

Hmm... maybe I'll be happy for several years!

After looking at the electronic map, they got off the tram midway and now they stopped at a rather awkward stop. The South Immortal District is to the south of Songhai. It is separated from the west by a grand canal.

And now, she and Wang Ling were on the small island in the middle of the Grand Canal. After getting off the Lingtie station on the bridge across the river, they looked at the rushing river in front of them. The two of them fell into deep thought for a while. .

This is a no-fly zone. It is impossible to use the spirit sword to pass directly with the sword.

Wang Ling stared at the south bank in the distance. Then he looked at the cross-river cable car on the right. This is one of the local tourism projects in Songhai. Monks who come to travel can take the cable car along the urgently needed Grand Canal. Enjoy the beautiful city view of Songhai.

Normally, there are more people taking the cable car at night. I wonder if it’s the peak tourist season. There were actually quite a few people taking the cable car during the day.

Seeing this scene, Wang Ling gave up the idea of teleporting over with Sun Rong.

There are many people here and there are many eyes. Use space magic. It is inevitable that it will be recorded by the monks who are taking pictures of the scenery with their mobile phones.

[A book-chasing app recommended to me by an old book friend I’ve known for ten years. Yeguo Reading! It’s really easy to use. I rely on this app to read and listen to books while driving and before going to bed. You can download it here]

Even though the possibility of just photographing them disappearing may not be high. But even if there is only one chance in ten thousand, Wang Ling should be taken into consideration.

So, after thinking carefully, Wang Ling took Sun Rong to the riverside of the Central Island site. First, he took out a helmet and put it on Sun Rong.

Then. He put on his helmet again.

"Wang Ling...Do you want to..."

Immediately afterwards, Wang Ling took out Jingke. He transformed Jingke into a surf pedal and floated steadily on the river.

Although you can't directly wield the sword and fly in the air. There is a flying ban.

But according to Wang Ling’s investigation, there is no surfing ban here!

"You can also surf?"Sun Rong was shocked.

She didn't expect that Wang Ling was not only omnipotent in cultivation, but also versatile. He played guitar last semester... and now he can also surf...

"It's not difficult. Just watch the short video and learn."

Wang Ling said.

Sun Rong: "..."

In the context of the modern scientific cultivation era, the way monks receive information has become different. A large amount of knowledge can be obtained by watching short videos. Wang Ling is naturally no exception.

He is also an ordinary ordinary person. Except for Heavenly Dao, which is something he is born with, many other skills need to be learned by Wang Ling himself.

But what was different from other monks was that Wang Ling found that he learned very quickly.

Many things can be understood by just watching short videos.

Normal people have a good brain, but their hands/feet can't keep up.

Wang Ling Yes. I have the brain and can keep up with my hands/feet.

The ability like surfing was learned by Wang Ling by watching short videos.

However, based on the current direction of the river on the river, it is obvious that you cannot glide in the direction of the current to cross it.

He took Sun Rong with his hand and asked her to stand behind him. Sun Rong's hands naturally hugged Wang Ling's waist.

At this moment, Wang Ling's sword heart was clear. He just gave Jingke telepathic instructions. Jingke consciously released a powerful turbo cyclone at the end of the spiritual sword.

Boom!

The two people turned into a laser and rushed straight along the Grand Canal. The monks on the cable car didn't even see what was happening. The Songhai Grand Canal in front of them was briefly divided into two halves...

Is this... the immortal king's surfing?

Sun Rong discovered that the scene of surfing together with Wang Ling's waist was not at all what he had imagined.

She thought it was the kind of softer and more romantic surfing. The two of them stood on the spiritual sword together. The river wind blew against her and his ears, passing over their clothes. Fish jumped from the river surface, allowing them to have fun. Then you can spend some free time enjoying the scenery along the way.

result...

Everything is done in an instant.

Like a monkey flying across the river...

Before Sun Rong could react, he had already reached the other side.

...

Along the south bank of the river, there was a tight construction site surrounded by a three-meter blue barrier. The people who were planning inside were startled by the loud noise caused by Wang Ling from outside.

They are aliens who smuggled themselves to the earth from extraterrestrial planets. They have been lurking on the earth for some time. They are accepting the employer's commission to set up a secret magic circle buried underground along the south bank of the river.

This array has a total of 12 components. They are only responsible for part of it. When all 12 components are completed, it will directly become a super array. At that time, it can directly cover the entire Songhai City.

This plan is secret.

They took over the land as a construction company. On the surface, they were laying the foundation for the construction of a new building. In fact, they were doing this kind of shameful thing behind the scenes.

Seeing that the construction was almost completed, a loud noise on the Songhai Canal attracted their attention.

"Discovered?"

The alien creature in charge broke into a cold sweat for a moment.

It is a humanoid tentacle monster. It has human limbs but an octopus head. Its mouthparts can spray poisonous ink.

"Boss. What should we do now?" asked a subordinate who also had an octopus head.

"Find someone to test it out! Remember! Let it wear a painted skin!" said the octopus-headed boss.

This is how alien creatures like them survive in the human world. They usually wear custom-made paintings from the human world for work. This makes them look no different from normal human monks.

Of course, these high-grade paintings are also provided by their employers. They are very breathable and durable.

Now we have reached the critical stage of arranging the array. There are only a few final steps left to complete the acceptance. Then they can get the money to repair the spacecraft and leave the earth...

There must be absolutely no mistakes!

After thinking about it, the octopus-headed boss also took out a painted leather mask and put it on, preparing to go out to check the situation in person.





Chapter 2191 Sweet misunderstanding


. The fastest update on the daily life of the Immortal King! Wang Ling just wanted to cross the river to the south bank with Sun Rong. Find Lao Huang’s home quickly. Even Wang Ling didn’t expect that there would be something along the way. There are many troubles.

During the process of crossing the river, he had asked Jingke to use as much strength as possible. Don't use too much force. Don't attract too much attention... As a result, the surf was still vigorous.

Wang Ling feels that this is not his fault.

It's entirely Jingke's fault.

Fortunately, he and Sun Rong both wore helmets. Wang Ling also added a layer of restrictions outside the helmet to prevent anyone from seeing his and Sun Rong's faces through video analysis.

Therefore, even if he is photographed, he will not be traced.

Moreover, Wang Ling also has double insurance.

Because this helmet has the logo of the Cultivation Inspection Department printed on it...

In other words, if there is any emergency, he can immediately put the blame on Zhuo Yi.

But that doesn't mean it's foolproof.

Although the process of crossing the river was fast, Wang Ling still noticed the construction site on the south bank.

He made too much noise. It may have caused trouble to the workers who were working hard to build the country of Huaxiu.

I was thinking about whether to apologize or something.

As a result, he saw two octopus men wearing human skin masks walking towards him.

"Wang Ling...Isn't this an Earth monk?" Sun Rong was keenly aware of this. He hid behind Wang Ling and asked quietly.

"Yeah."Wang Ling nodded.

I don’t know if it’s because of acclimatization. The way these octopus people walk is very strange!

Um...

If Sun Rong is correct.

These octopus men walk with the same hands and feet!

It seems that they are humanoid creatures, right? Could it be that they have just evolved limbs and have not yet tamed their limbs. Is that why they walk so strangely?

Wang Tong is here.

Any disguise is invalid for Wang Ling.

But even so. Wang Ling has to praise them. The painted skin masks of these octopus men are very realistic.

The details of the skin on it are very good. It can deflect many identification magic weapons. It can even fish in troubled waters under the eyes of high-level monks.

Since the earth was upgraded, it has officially established diplomatic relations with aliens in major galaxies outside the universe. Now on earth, under the leadership of the alien ambassador Guo Ping, a complete database of aliens who have established diplomatic relations has been established.

Wang Ling previously used it to import a piece of data into my mind.

After discovering the true identities of these octopus people, he immediately compared it with the database in his mind. As a result, he found that there was no information about these octopus people in the database.

Is it because it hasn’t been entered into the system yet?

The alien database is updating information every moment. Wang Ling is not sure whether the octopus man in front of him has been missed. After all, now

Now every word and deed of the Earth monks represents the influence of the Earth in the universe. Wang Ling still pays great attention to the influence. Therefore, all circumstances will be taken into consideration.

What if I wrongly accuse these aliens?

And he didn't want to directly read the hearts of these octopus people.

As a civilized, well-educated monk who has received nine years of compulsory education, Wang Ling feels that he must always regulate himself in accordance with Number 60 High School's standardized behavioral regulations and strict guidelines for dealing with others.

So, facing these octopus men, he directly stretched out his hand.

I wanted to shake hands with these octopus people first to show friendship. However, this action seemed to unexpectedly trigger a stress response in these octopus people.

"He's going to take action! This human monk is going to take action!"

The two octopus men in the lead obviously didn't have a good mental quality. One of the octopus men shouted loudly.

Immediately from the shed behind him, more octopus men poured out carrying the tools in their hands.

They were originally a group of aliens working secretly. Every movement of Wang Ling looked so hostile in their eyes. They reacted quickly and incomprehensibly like frightened birds.

If it weren’t for an enemy attack!

Why is there such a big commotion?

Straight across the river for surfing?

This is obviously telling them that they are here to arrest people!

In addition, the octopus man saw that the helmets of Wang Ling and Sun Rong actually had the logo of the Cultivation Inspection Department... Although they had just arrived on Earth not long ago, they still had a strong understanding of the basic organizational structure of the Earth. Some understanding.

In Songhai City, isn't the most famous one the Cultivation Inspection Department, which gave birth to the city hero Zhuo Yi?

Good guy.

Unexpectedly, they were all in the finishing stage. These two members of the Cultivation Inspection Department wearing helmets and plainclothes came to the door!

The octopus man was anxious.

It has reached the juncture of customer acceptance. As long as they receive the final remittance, they can purchase the materials to repair the spacecraft and leave the earth. Therefore, there is no way they can stop here!

"Wang Ling...How do I feel? They seem to have some misunderstanding about us?"Sun Rong feels like there is some misunderstanding here.

But everything seems to be too late...

A dozen octopus men were holding various tools. Big hammers, axes, hoes... came from all sides. Wang Ling. Sun Rong were surrounded.

The atmosphere in front of him suddenly became tense. Wang Ling carefully protected Sun Rong behind him. At the same time, he used sharp dynamic vision to carefully analyze the movements of each octopus man.

Although they have weapons, Wang Ling does not have any fear.

After all. Physical attacks are ineffective against Wang Ling.

He comes with anti-armor. The harder you hit him, the better the anti-armor effect will be.

It's just like Sun Rong said now. Everything is not clear yet. Maybe there are some misunderstandings that have not been clarified. Wang Ling can't just watch these octopus people hit themselves. Then He was injured so much that there was nothing left...

Therefore, as a kind-hearted young man, Wang Ling still sighed at the critical moment.

He gently tapped a finger on Sun Rong's forehead. A circle of ripples was immediately released from Sun Rong's body. It spread in all directions with Sun Rong as the center.

This is Wang Ling using Sun Rong's body to act as a transformer. Through a small amount of spiritual pressure output, and through the {{ The body of id_00003}} is released by Sun Rong to produce a spiritual suppression effect on the surrounding octopus people.

The strength. It should be just right. Never too light. But not heavy either.

It's just that Sun Rong was touched by Wang Ling's finger on the forehead, causing his face to turn red.

Sun Rong's mentality was a little broken. She didn't expect that at this critical moment, Wang Ling would actually reach out and tap her forehead. This action was a little ambiguous. It immediately put her off guard. .

What on earth is this piece of wood doing to her...





Chapter 2192 The King's Seal / Eighty Six)


. The fastest update on the daily life of the immortal king! Wang Ling's movements were as gentle as possible. He was afraid that he would hurt Sun Rong by poking him, so he just tapped it lightly.

As a result, Sun Rong's face turned red. This made Wang Ling couldn't help but doubt his own operation. He quickly let go of his hand. He thought that the spiritual power he had just input was not that much... it only occupied It only absorbed 00001 of the spiritual power in his body. Even if Sun Rong was used as a transformer, it wouldn't directly overheat her and turn her into a steam girl.

So. Wang Ling immediately let go of his hand. The bunch of hair on Sun Rong's head was blown by the steam and turned into dull hair. It was spinning like a helicopter propeller.

There is an indescribable ambiguity in the current atmosphere. Although Sun Rong is reluctant to admit it, sometimes Sun Rong also finds that sometimes he just likes to think too much.

The Sun family's imagination is too strong. Sometimes things may not be what she imagined.

After all, I have been classmates with Wang Ling for almost a year. Sun Rong feels that he can figure out what kind of personality this wooden person has.

After forcing herself to calm down, Sun Rong began to focus on sharing the current problems with Wang Ling. She helped Wang Ling remove all the people who had fainted in the construction site. The octopus people were all searched out. They were transported directly using Aohai's water avatar.

A total of seventy-two aliens were found by her. They were arranged neatly like sardines in front of the construction site. They were all stunned by the spiritual pressure ripples just now. They are now unconscious.

Sun Rong arranged the octopus men neatly and then took off their painted skin masks one by one.

"Wang Ling. This person...should be the boss of this group of people." When Sun Rong was halfway dismantled, he suddenly looked at Wang Ling and said.

Although Sun Rong is not very old, as the future successor of the head of the Sun family, he has received education in identifying spiritual treasures since he was a child. Sun Rong has seen many, many high-end materials. And high-end painted skin materials . She can feel the difference just by the touch of her fingers.

The painted leather mask worn by the octopus boss is different from other octopus men. It is made of very high-grade material. It is not only waterproof and fireproof, but also bulletproof. It is also very breathable. Even if it is worn for a long time, there will be no flaws.

However, working here wearing a painted mask seems very suspicious in itself. The higher the quality of the materials, the more deliberately these octopus people hide their identities.

If you haven't done anything wrong, there should be no need to deliberately hide yourself.

Now the earth has established diplomatic relations with aliens from all major outer galaxies. Many aliens will maintain their original appearance while living in human cities. There is no need to deliberately disguise themselves as humans.

Based on her experience and intuition, Sun Rong felt that these octopus people were unusual. Just in case, she tied them all up with water rope restraints.

Then. Wang Ling lightly snapped his fingers.

A wave of air spread out with Wang Ling as the center, directly awakening these octopus people.

They woke up one by one as if they were dreaming. They were all in a sleepy state. They had no idea what was happening.

It was the octopus boss who showed his wise eyes for the first time. Compared to the other octopus men, it still recalled the terrifying scene just now.

Yes...

It felt a huge amount of spiritual pressure from top to bottom. It was like the weight of Mount Tai, directly bombarding the little heads of it and all its subordinates.

But now that they have woken up, everyone is tied up tightly, which proves that they have encountered a tough situation.

"What are you doing...not letting us go!" The octopus boss was still struggling. He refused to admit that he secretly built a secret magic circle: "We are all aliens with conscience! You are like this They tied us up indiscriminately. Do you want to elevate to extraterrestrial diplomatic relations?"

"Aliens with a conscience will not hit us directly with hand-held weapons! We are just high school students passing by.

"Sun Rong put his hands on his hips. Staring at the octopus boss, he hummed and laughed. Then he pointed at Wang Ling: "This senior brother of mine is only in the Foundation Building stage! You scared him!" Octopus people: "..."

The octopus boss was also at a loss for words for a moment. If it remembers correctly, it seems that this high school student who is only in the Foundation Building stage transmitted the terrible spiritual pressure through your body, right?

Although it is stupid and its cultivation level is not high, it can be seen that Wang Ling is clearly passing through Sun Rong's body, acting as a transformer...

Only powerful monks would do that.

Because if you suppress it with all your strength, the consequences will be disastrous.

The octopus boss knows the stakes here.

I even knew it in an instant. This male high school student was probably pretending to be a pig and eating the tiger...

But alas. It doesn't have any evidence.

At this time, the key is to bow your head and admit your mistakes.

But just as it was about to speak, something unexpected happened again... Not all octopus people have such sharp eyesight and know how to assess the situation.

On the right side of it, someone actually started to follow its words and started to resist: "Yes, yes! It's just a misunderstanding. You actually treat us like this! Tie us up! Are we still human? I have never been sorry to human beings!" "

This is talking nonsense with open eyes.

Wang Tong can identify the karma of killing.

Has the ability to "contour creatures".

And Wang Ling can use the light emitted by this "life outline" to determine whether this person has committed unforgivable murder.

For people with serious sins, the "outline of creatures" that Wang Ling can see is red. It is similar to the concept of red-named players in the game.

He looked over at a glance. Among so many octopus people, there were actually quite a few red-named octopus people.

so...

Just take action on these people.

Wang Ling walked up to the octopus man and drew his finger pen into the posture of a pistol. At the same time, he transmitted his voice to Sun Rong. Let Sun Rong become his mouth substitute.

Sun Rong heard the voice transmission from Wang Ling. He was also furious at the crime committed by this octopus man: "You actually attacked a little girl... You are still not a human after all!"

According to the Wang Ling "Creature Outline" ability Wang Ling, I read the murderous judgment about this octopus man. In a dark alley, the octopus man in front of me committed murder on a little human girl. An unspeakable atrocity.

The most hateful thing is that it wears a painted leather hood and tries to pass the crime onto the human monks.

"What nonsense are you talking about...I didn't!" the red-named octopus man denied.

To this day, it still shows no sign of repentance for the crimes it committed.

Beads of sweat dripped down its head. It wanted to argue a few more words. But soon, Wang Ling's finger gun had penetrated its brain. Jet-black ink spattered like blood on the surrounding octopuses. On one’s accomplices.

These octopus people were shocked.

The dead red-named octopus was converted according to the spiritual power level of a human monk. But it had a Nascent Soul stage...

To be shot dead by such a high school student?





Chapter 2193 Confession


Looking at the group of octopus men kneeling on the ground and shivering in front of them.

Sun Rong opened his mouth.

In her impression, except for some short-sighted beings who tried to attack Wang Ling and were wounded to death, Wang Ling rarely killed people by themselves.

In fact, Wang Ling's shot was naturally well thought out.

If the Law of Cultivation can be solved, leave it to the Law of Cultivation. If it cannot be solved, hand it to bullets. This is not considered lynching. At most, it is on the same level as Demon Slayer and Defense.

This is a group of aliens who had no choice but to stay on the earth and then be exploited. They have not contacted the alien ambassador Guo Ping and established formal diplomatic relations with the earth. That is why these octopus people are actually outright gangsters.

In addition, they did not want to have any more interactions with the Earth monks, so they had to do illegal work to earn the cost of repairing the spacecraft.

Therefore, these Kuroto octopus people will not receive the protection of the existing earth's cultivation laws without establishing diplomatic relations with the earth.

What's more. Wang Ling used the creature outline ability of King's Eyes to see clearly the crime of the octopus man in front of him.

Taking action against an innocent monk from Earth. And it was a little girl with no strength to restrain herself. Such a crime is truly unforgivable.

Of course. Wang Ling's purpose in firing this shot was firstly out of the righteousness. Secondly, he also wanted to get some useful information from the mouths of these octopus people.

He noticed that these octopus men were not really doing construction work. They were secretly completing the construction of the magic circle.

With Wang Ling's meager knowledge, it was not difficult for him to figure out that this should be a multi-type compound array. What these octopus men built was only one part of the module.

Considering the attributes of these octopus men working undercover, Wang Ling felt that this magic circle was most likely not a serious magic circle. He originally wanted to destroy it directly. But he was afraid that destroying it directly on his side might disturb those behind the scenes. people.

With the shallow connections of this group of octopus people who first arrived on Earth, they are definitely not the mastermind behind the design of this modular array. There must be some culprit behind this.

After taking care of an octopus man, the initial deterrence has taken effect.

Many octopus men were so frightened that they fell down from their kneeling position. They were curled up. They were afraid that they would become Wang Ling's next victim.

Following the markings on the outline of the creature, Wang Ling walked up to the second octopus man accurately and raised his finger gun.

The second octopus man is still stubborn.

It doesn't believe that Wang Ling can really see through what immoral things he has done...

"Wang Ling. What crime did this octopus man commit?" Sun Rong asked.

"Take advantage of others' danger."

Wang Ling sighed.

Said the message to Sun Rong.

While a Golden Core monk was sleeping, this octopus man cut open the man's abdomen with a magic weapon and took out the Golden Core to cook and eat.

"This is too much..."

Sun Rong listened to all the explanations of Wang Ling.

Also angry.

I was just about to scold this octopus man from a righteous perspective.

As a result, I saw a wisp of green smoke accompanied by Wang Ling's fingertips. The octopus in front of me also returned to the underworld...

This octopus man was even worse. Because the crime he committed was even worse than the previous ones. Not even his head was left. He was directly reduced to powder.

Next person.

Wang Ling sighed.

Walk up to the third octopus marked by King's Eyes.

"..."

The octopus man was so frightened that he burst into tears. Black ink flowed directly from his eyes. He no longer said harshly: "Excuse me online! I was wrong! I was obsessed. I joined a phone fraud organization when I first came to Earth." ..I have defrauded dozens of families...I also know that several of them chose to commit suicide because I defrauded them of all their money..."

It was trembling with fear: "I will find a way to raise money. Give the money back to them... I will spend my life to atone for my sins..."

Wang Ling hesitated.

Bang!

A bullet was fired, directly breaking one of the tentacles on the octopus man's face.

The octopus man came to his senses. This was Wang Ling giving himself a chance. Because he could truthfully confess his crime, he was retained.

And this fingergun bullet that pierced the tentacles on his face was marking himself. It was also a warning to him.

It is telling it that if it fails to fulfill its promise of atonement later, it will bear the consequences.

In less than half an hour, two-thirds of these octopus men were dealt with by Wang Ling. In the end, only a dozen scattered octopus men were left, including the boss octopus man.

The rest of the octopus men were all dealt with by Wang Ling.

There were so many black alien corpses. Wang Ling felt that it would be troublesome to deal with them, so he took photos of the scene and sent them back to Zhuo Yi.

Zhuo Yi understood instantly. Called Wang Ling: "Master, don't worry. Disciple already knows how to deal with it. You will examine the living octopus first. Disciple will bring people over now. As for the media On. I will claim to the outside world that it is because these Kurodo Octopus people are extremely vicious and too dangerous. I killed them all out of self-defense."

Wang Ling communicated with Zhuo Yi on speakerphone. What Zhuo Yi said was also heard by Sun Rong and the remaining octopus people.

The corners of the mouths of these octopus men who had been taken away twitched when they heard this.

Listen...

Is this human language?

Extremely vicious...too dangerous...

They were obviously tied up and imprisoned. They had absolutely no strength left to resist...

It is also outrageous that it can be attributed to self-defense.

As the octopus boss, the octopus boss's heart was as clear as a mirror at this time. He knew that this time he was stepping on an iron plate.

It has long known the rumors about this city hero Zhuo Yi. It has even heard that there is a mysterious master behind it... but it never expected that this person would be so young...

The octopus man thought about it and was horrified. The sweat on his face could no longer be stopped. Such things should be kept confidential. But the young man actually deliberately left his cell phone on speakerphone?

This is tantamount to telling it. It doesn't matter whether it knows the secret or not.

Because maybe... they won't be able to leave alive today...





Chapter 2194 The sequelae of Sun Rong


Their original purpose of coming to earth to do illegal work is to repair the spacecraft and return to their home planet.

I don’t want to stay too long on earth.

As a result, instead of going back now, some octopus people were directly executed by the human cub in front of them for committing unforgivable sins...

The octopus boss was extremely scared.

It couldn't even bear to see Wang Ling's face.

I always feel that if I can survive this time, I will most likely get PTSD.

This human cub is too scary...

"Boss. How about we...recruit?"

"We just want to go back. It's better than losing our lives."

"Yes, boss. Returning with your life is the first priority!"

Some octopus men could no longer withstand this terrifying mental pressure and began to urge the octopus man boss to tell the truth.

The purpose of arranging this module array here. And to reveal the buyer behind it.

To tell the truth, the octopus boss doesn't know what this modular array is for.

But I also know that the person who arranged this modular array has great ambitions. This array is most likely not a good thing.

The octopus boss still has some social experience.

Now that everyone has decided to work illegally, professionalism tells them that the less they know, the better.

Therefore, it didn't ask any questions when accepting the task. The only information now is the buyer's mobile phone number.

The octopus boss tremblingly took out his little notebook...

There is a bunch of distorted Arabic mobile phone numbers recorded on it.

Wang Ling, Sun Rong each looked at each other.

Each of them has his own magical power.

Another person has a clear sword heart. These are the abilities that can infer the true inner voice of a creature.

"Wang Ling. It didn't lie. The information it knows should be that much." Sun Rong said while looking at the phone number.

Maybe she was paying too much attention to the phone number. When she came to her senses, she was surprised to find that her head was very close to Wang Ling.

This distance... maybe she could just tiptoe slightly...

Thinking of this, Sun Rong's face couldn't help but heat up again. It was obviously just a last-minute thing, but she didn't have the courage. She quickly took a few steps back to keep herself calm.

This is taking advantage of others' danger. And I'm afraid it will scare Wang Ling.

What she fears most now is arousing Wang Ling's resentment.

Even if you don't catch it.

At least keep the current stable friendship. It's also good.

...

Wang Ling discovered it. There seems to be something wrong with Sun Rong recently.

I always blush involuntarily.

Of course. He didn't mean to peek into Sun Rong's inner thoughts.

As an aspiring young man who has received the core education of modern self-cultivation socialism, it is actually very impolite to read girls' minds at will.

So for Sun Rong's behavior of blushing to the neck at every turn.

Wang Ling also has its own preliminary understanding.

He felt that maybe he had accumulated too many cultivation-related things for Sun Rong recently.

This resulted in Sun Rong being difficult to digest in a short period of time...

Well, after all, in this short period of time, my realm has improved too much, and I have mastered a lot of cultivation knowledge that I didn't have before.

So there may be side effects.

But if it is really the sequelae caused by teaching too many things.

Wang Ling feels that he actually has this responsibility to clear the way for Sun Rong. Check up on his health...

But now they are busy going to meet Lao Huang.

So Wang Ling feels that there is no rush for this moment.





Chapter 2195 It doesn’t matter. I will take action


When Zhuo Yi arrived with the Seven Star Team, Wang Ling and Sun Rong had already left. However, the octopus men present were still kneeling on the ground obediently, and no one dared to move even half a step.

The immortal's strength was astonishing. Long-range sniping was just a small operation with a raised hand. The octopus boss knew himself, so he decided to obey completely and no longer resist.

In a secluded place not far from the incident, Zhuo Yi followed the scent of Wang Ling and met his cheap master alone.

Wang Ling handed a string of phone numbers to Zhuo Yi. Now we need to investigate the person behind this module formation and layout formation. This is the only clue.

Zhuo Yi clasped his fists: "Master may see what this module formation is used for?"

Modular arrays are usually composed of multiple modules. It is difficult to see what the specific array is until all are completed. Because some modules are universal modules and can also be applied to other arrays. Therefore, options are available It suddenly became more.

But Wang Ling is still Wang Ling.

The deduction ability of King's Eyes is quite amazing. It can also deduce specific magic circles using only one module.

"Gathering Spirits into Formation." Wang Ling gave the conclusion.

"Ju Ling Integration..." These four words made Zhuo Yi frown deeply.

In his limited knowledge reserve system, he has rarely heard these four words. This is an ancient magic circle. It has an extremely wide range. It absorbs the underground spiritual veins within a specific range and the parts of the monks trapped by the formation. The magic circle of spiritual energy.

Among them, the damage to underground spiritual veins is the greatest. The damage to monks will be relatively small. Even these monks who have had their spiritual energy drained will not be aware of the loss of their spiritual energy at all.

But these spiritual energies will eventually flow into the hands of those who set up the formation.

Zhuo Yi's forehead began to sweat.

Arrange such a modular array within Songhai City. Once it succeeds, the entire Songhai City will be destroyed overnight.

Underground spiritual veins are irreparable natural resources...

Of course, what makes Zhuo Yi feel a little nervous the most is the person behind the arrangement of the magic circle.

If his master Wang Ling and his wife Sun Rong hadn't passed by together this time, I'm afraid the secret operation of arranging the modular array would have gone on smoothly and quietly.

A magic circle can be deployed within the confines of Songhai City to conceal it from the outside world. The interest groups involved behind this are probably already entrenched in Songhai like old trees. They are complicated and complicated. There will definitely be obstacles to the investigation.

"Master...I have a premonition that this matter is very dangerous."

Zhuo Yi Zuoyi said: "What I am most worried about now is whether the person behind this matter is related to the person in the restricted area."

Honghuang. Qiao Yanyuan... This is the chess piece buried by Bai Zhe on the earth.

Although Qiao Yanyuan did not succeed in the last operation to take away Wang Muyu, both Wang Ling and Zhuo Yi are very clear. They will definitely launch the next operation quickly.

Of course. Wang Ling also got some clues in the battle where Qiao Yanyuan snatched Wang Muyu.

That was the clone that was directly abandoned by Qiao Yanyuan's main body.

Now, the avatar is still being held in the top-level cell of Songhai City Number 1 Prison. It is reinforced by layers of seals and cannot escape.

Just before Zhuo Yi arrived here, he was still preparing for interrogation-related matters. Unexpectedly, one wave of things happened after another.

"Wang Ling is here. There is nothing to be afraid of." Sun Rong encouraged Zhuo Yi and said, "No matter how dangerous it is, with Zhuo Yi's current comprehensive ability, we can handle it. It should be no problem, right? Even facing Bai Zhe..."

"That's right."Zhuo Yi smiled bitterly.

He has the latest version of thermal underwear given by Wang Ling. Plus the already charged {Thirty-three Little Paths of Vitality}. Plus the second-ranked Spirit Sword Preliminary in the Sword King Realm. And various other Wang Ling A life-saving magic weapon given to him.

Even if you encounter Bai Zhe and face a head-on confrontation, it is not a problem at all to use all the above methods and drag him to Wang Ling.

Yes. Just drag it to Wang Ling. All problems will be solved.

Wang Ling knows. Zhuo Yi is under a lot of pressure at work now. What he lacks is nothing else but self-confidence.

As a master, it is also necessary to properly encourage the disciples.

So, he stretched out his hand and patted Zhuo Yi on the shoulder: "Just check."

"Yes. Master."Zhuo Yi straightened his expression and said, "But just in case..."

"There is no such thing as a contingency."

Wang Ling let go of his hand and put one hand behind his back. Like a general: "Nothing matters. I will take action."

"Yes. Master!"

With Wang Ling's words, Zhuo Yi instantly felt his confidence surge up.

...

Another half hour later. After many twists and turns.

Wang Ling, Sun Rong finally arrived in the Southern Immortal District. A happy dream.

This is the residence arranged by Wang Ling for Lao Huang. It is also the most suitable place for Lao Huang to live that Wang Ling found based on the stories Lao Huang told them in the game world.

I don’t know if it’s telepathy or a special fate. Wang Ling, Sun Rong had just scanned the green code and were about to enter the community. They saw a familiar figure at the door. He was wearing an antique-style ink robe. Jinfu. Walking from a distance carrying two bags full of paints and brushes.

"It's you! Why are you here?" Lao Huang looked very excited and waved from a distance.

His smile was brilliant. Snow-white teeth. Under the sun, old friends met. He stood not far away and was bathed in the light. The light illuminated the silk threads of his strong suit.

Everything is so natural. Beautiful.

Lao Huang's face. Everything about Lao Huang's appearance is the same as in the game world. It has never changed.

At this moment, he was breathing the air of the real world. He had become a native of this world. There was no sense of disobedience or mistakes.

Thinking of the first time I met Lao Huang, Wang Ling could feel that Lao Huang had a different kind of demeanor. Wang Ling felt that I was destined to be with Lao Huang. There was a feeling of feeling like old friends at first sight.

"I had a premonition that something good was going to happen this morning. I didn't expect to meet you here!"

Lao Huang was very happy: "Are you passing by?"

"I'm sorry, Lao Huang. I was just too curious. So I investigated your home..." Sun Rong said as he touched his head.

"Hahaha. It's okay. The magic ring is currently under maintenance. I'm still worried about how to find you!" Lao Huang was extremely happy. Sun Rong's family background had already been revealed in the game world. A Huaguo Shui Lian The eldest lady of the group can find out herself. This makes sense!

Lao Huang had already regarded Wang Ling, Sun Rong as his friends, so he didn't even see anyone outside. He entered the community. He immediately invited the two of them and said, "Since you are here, then. Just come to my house and sit down! I just came back from going out. Prepare some exam supplies."

He said while holding the paintbrush and various colors of paint in his hand.

"Exam?" Wang Ling raised his eyebrows.

"It's an exam for a private enterprise...it can also be understood as an interview. They are looking for innovative cultivators." Lao Huang said.





Chapter 2196 Innovative Monk


The interview that Lao Huang was talking about. This was something that had never happened before in the Itinerant Immortal game world.

Wang Ling also didn’t expect that after he seamlessly connected Lao Huang to the real world, Lao Huang would actually start to directly plan his future work plan for himself. This is very similar to Lao Huang’s original personality. .

He is an optimistic person who will not give up easily no matter what he encounters. Wherever he goes, he smiles like a little sun that can infect many people. Such a person is naturally a real workaholic. As long as it is a job that he really likes. He will give his 100% effort.

Because in the game world, Lao Huang mentioned to them that he was unemployed. He usually makes a living by doing online illustrations. Occasionally, he would also receive some large comic serialization subcontracting work and original painting subcontracting work.

Lao Huang has personally participated in the popular Huaxiu nationally-created animation works {Sibuyi} and {Gengwang’s Daily Life}.

Therefore. In the real world, Wang Ling did not directly arrange a job for Lao Huang. I did not expect to meet today. Lao Huang has already become self-reliant.

In the living room, Lao Huang poured a cup of tea for Wang Ling and Sun Rong each. This is the best Heavenly Dao broccoli tea...

Wang Ling took a sip and felt something was wrong.

He only asked Lord Diu Lei to finalize Lao Huang's residence. Unexpectedly, this guy actually included some private information in some details.

However, Lao Huang actually had his own explanation as to why Heavenly Dao broccoli tea appeared in his home.

He laughed: "As you know, I usually take on some outsourcing work such as illustrations and illustrations. The Office of Strategic Deception has invested in several popular Chinese comics before. So there are also some in my family. There will be some gifts from partners such as the Office of Strategic Deception."

"..." Wang Ling was silent.

He found that the current development of AI has gone too far. How can he still make up for it on his own?

"Come to think of it, Lao Huang. What are the innovative cultivators you mentioned before? What kind of organization are they?" Sun Rong asked curiously.

Regarding the concept of innovative cultivators, whether it is Sun Rong or Wang Ling, this is actually the first time I have heard of it.

"That's right. You also know that since the Earth completed its upgrade, a lot of diplomatic relations have been opened up with aliens. This has also created many jobs."

Lao Huang said: "The private company I am preparing to interview for is actually a new company spawned by managing and coordinating disputes between aliens and ordinary human monks."

"But the work of mediating disputes can be done by ordinary monks, right?" Sun Rong doesn't understand.

"Actually, I'm also confused about this at the moment. But this company wants to recruit monks who have certain special skills." Old Huang said. Then he took out the petals and started to mix colors.

He squeezed a strip of black paint onto the paint board, then mixed it with a little white paint. Then he raised the brush with his right hand. A steady stream of light condensed from the palm of his hand and finally converged into the palm of his hand.

"Immortal Law·Crane Wings!"

Old Huang dabbed the paint and painted directly in the void. A pair of ink-style spiritual wings appeared and stuck directly on Old Huang's back.

Immediately, Lao Huang took off lightly in his living room. He raised his hand to summon the traditional bow placed steadily on the shelf and aimed at the target on the wall of the living room to shoot accurately. Hit the bullseye!

Every movement was done in one go. There was no sloppiness. It was obvious that Lao Huang was very comfortable with his method.

"Old Huang. That's awesome!"Sun Rong immediately applauded.

Wang Ling also clapped silently behind Sun Rong.

Lao Huang laughed, snapped his fingers, and released his ink spiritual wings: "I majored in magical instruments in college, focusing on traditional bows. But in fact, I also did a lot of research on immortal painting. High school I was an art student at that time. I passed the art exam and entered Xiuzhen University."

For Lao Huang, that was already a thing of the past.

Now that the old things were brought up again, a bit of shyness appeared on his face.

Directly materialize the paintings you have made. This kind of operation is not very uncommon. It can be said that there are many people in the Ink Spirit Wing Society. But the operation is very difficult. It is difficult for people who do not have certain attainments in art to do it. this matter.

It can be seen that Lao Huang is talented. But Wang Ling does not think that he is an innovative cultivator as defined by the private enterprise.

And just when Wang Ling was suspicious.

Lao Huang took out a very honest-looking scroll from his bedroom.

"Is this?" Sun Rong was stunned.

"A Picture of All Living Beings, Mountains and Rivers."

Lao Huang spread out the scroll and said.

A thirty-meter-long scroll, shining with spiritual light, appeared in the void under the control of Old Huang. It caught the eyes of Wang Ling, Sun Rong.

Wang Ling discovered that all the landscapes and figures in this painting are actually "alive". They seem to be really living in the painting. They have their own specific thinking. Some are chopping firewood, Some were fetching water and others were doing business in the market town at the foot of the mountain. There was a lot of traffic and it was very lively.

This is a picture of all living beings in a cultivation market in ancient times. Although it can be seen at a glance that it is an imitation of Lao Huang's own handwriting, every detail of the characters is lifelike.

The most important thing is that these people, things, and things are all "alive"...

Sun Rong was stunned: "That's amazing. Did you draw this alone?"

"It just took a few hours. I'm unfamiliar. Otherwise it could be faster."

Old Huang Versailles: "This is considered an advanced version of the immortal method of painting. Although there are many people who can paint with the immortal method. But you must be proficient in this advanced version of the ability. Unless you have mastered the immortal method of painting, The level of perfection. Plus your own understanding. Otherwise, it will never be possible."

"..."

Wang Ling was silent for a while.

He couldn't deny that Lao Huang's skills were indeed worthy of being called an innovative cultivator.

Painting with the immortal method. Concretely retain the paint paintings you have made. In addition to having strong and precise manipulation of your own spiritual power, you are also very strict with the painting itself. First of all, you must be quick. Secondly, the paint is attached to the paint. The spiritual power must be sufficient. Otherwise, the pair of black wings will not last long and will disintegrate.

However, the advanced version of the ability mastered by Lao Huang was able to completely preserve such a long scroll containing landscapes and more than a thousand people.

This is not much different from drawing a small world with freehand...

Lao Huang humbly touched the back of his head and smiled: "But my little skills are probably a bit insignificant compared to the other people who went for the interview."

He took out his mobile phone and showed a group chat for corporate interviews in front of Wang Ling and Sun Rong: "Everyone here has unique skills. And they are all unique geniuses in the world of cultivation! Are you interested in finding out more? I heard from the grapevine that the leader of this interview group...is a system expert!"





Chapter 2197 Using cultivation science to explain the system


System capable person. This term is not new to Wang Ling. Father Wang, as an Internet writer, has also written many works on the subject of system flow. Internet literature can be regarded as completely clarifying system flow.

As for Wang Ling knowing that there is indeed a system in the real world he lives in. That starts with the little black uncle Zhuo Yi knows.

Back then, Wang Ling had kindly punished Uncle Hei's lab kid. This made Uncle Hei instantly become more honest.

It can be said that Uncle Xiaohei is a system flow developer in the real world that Wang Ling knows. However, the system in reality is not that magical. He mainly relies on big data calculations to figure out the user's psychology. Allowing users to achieve a motivating effect in a sense, thus improving the capabilities of system users themselves.

From the perspective of modern cultivation science, Wang Ling feels that half of it belongs to the category of scientific calculation and psychology. The other half is metaphysics in the true sense.

The various systems developed by Uncle Hei over the years all involve certain ancient secrets. These secrets are the main reason why system flow users can grow in their various abilities after completing specific tasks.

You can also grow by simply practicing ancient secret arts. Uncle Hei has put on a system-like shell. It just makes these forbidden secret arts look less scary.

Moreover, it also has certain entertainment attributes.

Wang Ling glanced at the interview group shown to him by Huang. It was a crowd of thousands. Currently, the number of people in the group has reached nearly 800.

There are more than 600 people online.

If you include some social divers, then the number of people online is probably over a hundred.

Sun Rong was a little surprised: "Are...are there so many people participating in the interview?"

"This is just one of the interview groups. As far as I know there are at least three interview groups."

Lao Huang said with a smile: "The main reason is that the remuneration conditions proposed by this company are quite generous. In addition to five insurances and one housing fund, the monthly salary is 50,000 spiritual stones, after tax, working five days a week, and one month of annual leave. Not to mention. And there are commissions for mission bounties based on difficulty. The higher the difficulty, the higher the commissions will be."

"The conditions are really good."Sun Rong sighed.

Unless they are senior employees who have worked in the Huaguo Shui Lian Group for many years and have been promoted, it is really difficult to offer such a salary package.

The larger the group, the more employees it has to support. It will definitely divide wages reasonably according to the gradient. It is really rare to see such a company with deep pockets and generous remuneration.

Therefore, there are many people for this interview, which is also within Sun Rong's expectation.

"Universe Infinity Group."

Sun Rong silently wrote down the name of this company. It always seemed familiar.

"Then I wish you, Mr. Huang, good luck in your interview!"

Sun Rong, Wang Ling raised their teacups together and drank tea with Lao Huang instead of wine.

Lao Huang was so happy that he couldn't help but feel excited when meeting friends: "By the way. Actually, I wanted to ask you two when I was in the game world. What's your relationship?"

Hearing this. Sun Rong almost choked on his own tea.

She hurriedly put down the tea cup. Perhaps she was afraid that Wang Ling would be embarrassed. She blushed and said duplicity: "It's just a normal...classmate relationship!"

"Oh, that's right."

Lao Huang showed a meaningful smile.

"Maybe it's a little better than a normal schoolmate relationship. It's just a better relationship."

Sun Rong added.

"Oh, that's right."

Lao Huang raised his eyebrows, looking doubtful. There was a hint of amusement in his smile.

The woman's attitude is actually very clear.

But he saw that Wang Ling was still immersed in thinking with great interest. He immediately understood the relationship between the beautiful couple in front of him.

It turns out that it’s a woman chasing a man. Is it a veil?

But the man seems to be a piece of wood. He has no intention of becoming enlightened...

As a practitioner who has drawn a lot of comic content, Huang is very familiar with this type of script.

Of course, the understanding of emotions here is not limited to the comic plot. It also has Lao Huang's own understanding. Although he feels that he is still single and is not qualified to preach to the two young people in front of him, but appropriate reminders can still be done. Give some.

"There is no need to rush. Some things will come together slowly." Lao Huang looked at Sun Rong and comforted him.

Sun Rong nodded with a red face.

Only Wang Ling. Still mindlessly eating crispy noodles.

"What is classmate Wang looking at? He's so absorbed in watching it? There doesn't seem to be much to see in my group, right?" Lao Huang asked, looking at Wang Ling who was playing with his mobile phone.

At this time, Wang Ling returned Lao Huang's mobile phone. Lao Huang suddenly discovered that this interview group, which had almost become a dating group, actually turned on the [all members mute] mode.

Immediately afterwards, a brand new group announcement appeared in front of Lao Huang.

This is an open interview task open to all interview groups!

Action mission--Capture the smuggling alien organization Polyhedron!





Chapter 2198 60 Outdoor Training


All I can say is that arriving early is worse than arriving late.

For Sun Rong, this visit was actually quite sudden. She only thought of using Lao Huang as an excuse to stay with Wang Ling for a while because Guo Hao and Chen Chao were not around. That’s all.

Just chatting won't lead to much. So we followed Sun Rong's original plan. She wanted to invite Lao Huang to dine together at a hotel owned by the Huaguo Shui Lian Group.

In this way, she could spend pleasant time with Wang Ling until midnight in the name of enjoying delicious food. In the end, she was looking for a way to say that she was afraid of going home alone. Let Wang Ling give it to herself Send it home or something...

But this excuse worked before. Now it seems a bit forced.

She, the Number 1 Foundation Building on Earth, was promoted to Golden Core not long ago. In Aohai's original state, there were not many people on Earth who could defeat her. Now it's even worse.

At this time Sun Rong suddenly felt a little regretful. She even planned to return the nine-core Aohai to Wang Ling. Being strong is a good thing, but this greatly hindered the relationship between her and Wang Mutou. Development!

In just a short moment, Sun Rong thought about many follow-up plans. It was not until Lao Huang received the interview task that her rhythm was disrupted again.

"Miss Sun, what are you thinking about?" Lao Huang asked, seeing Sun Rong looking a little hesitant and absent-minded.

"No...it's nothing..." Sun Rong wouldn't dare to express her thoughts so directly. Doing so would make her look very cunning.

However, these methods are also what Sun Rong heard from Jiang Yingying. They were learned from various love girl comics. According to the general plot, lovers seem to develop in this order.

This is totally a case of urgent medical treatment. Sun Rong I don’t know if stealing is really effective. But as long as it can "conquer" Wang Ling, she really doesn't mind giving it a try.

But now, Lao Huang has to go on a mission. The plan to treat Lao Huang to dinner has come to nothing. This made Sun Rong sigh involuntarily.

Sometimes plans really can’t keep up with changes...

Lao Huang looked at Sun Rong, as if he had seen through Sun Rong's inner thoughts. He immediately laughed and said, "I see you two are very interested in my mission. Do you want to come and participate too?" Where's next?"

"Hey. Is this okay?" Sun Rong's eyes lit up again.

After all, for her, as long as she can find an opportunity, she can have an excuse to be with Wang Ling.

These are necessary measures to avoid embarrassing Wang Ling, a patient with social phobia. Although Sun Rong does not want to be followed by light bulbs when he and Wang Ling go out. But there are There's just no way around it.

She wanted to express her feelings. But she was worried that she would express her feelings too violently and scare Wang Ling.

The beautiful emotions of youth are mostly in this ignorant budding state. The rarest memories are always the various extreme pulls before breaking through this layer of window paper.

It's just that Sun Rong doesn't know how long it will last with Wang Ling.

"Of course it's possible, Miss Sun. There was a notice in the interview group before. You can bring up to two foreign players who are no more than the mid-stage Golden Core. I'll take a look at the realms of the two..."

Sun Rong: "I just entered the early stage of Golden Core!"

Wang Ling: "My Foundation Building."

Lao Huang nodded with satisfaction: "Well, that's no problem. And you are still students at school. I believe the others won't have any objections."

"Outdoor training." At this time, Wang Ling said.

"right!"

Sun Rong then nodded: "It just so happens that we have outdoor training this semester! This is not considered unprofessional!"

Outdoor training at Xiuzhen High School.

This is almost a necessary course for every school year in every Xiuzhen high school. Students must use the knowledge they have learned in school to complete an outdoor practical training assignment within the specified number of years. It can be to assist in maintaining urban security. It can also be in Internship in a specific company. You only need to record the video at the end and have relevant personnel certify the experience of the task.

In fact, it depends on the number of times the earth has been saved. Wang Ling has already completed his outdoor training homework...

But those things are not suitable for filming on video.

Wang Ling's King's Eyes has the ability to restore scenes. The events he experienced can be imported into the computer by plugging in the typy-C interface and restored into data videos.

But these videos are a bit too exaggerated to submit for homework. Each one looks like a special effects blockbuster. Wang Ling Even if it is really shown, people will question it as synthetic.

After all, in the eyes of many people, he is just a scumbag.

Although Wang Ling doesn't care about other people's opinions, since it is an assignment, Wang Ling feels that it is better for him to hand in an assignment that is in line with his "Foundation Building Stage" abilities.

Help Lao Huang find stowaway aliens. From Wang Ling's perspective, this is a question to give you points.

"But now the problem is..."

Sun Rong touched his chin and asked: "There is only one mission released so far. No more information is provided about this group of smuggled aliens. How can we find this? Songhai City is so big. How can we find it in such a big place? To find such a group of stowaway aliens in a big city. If we don't bump into them by chance, it would be like finding a needle in a haystack."





Chapter 2199 People with special abilities


In a teahouse with a mix of ancient and modern architecture in the Immortal District of Nannan, Songhai City. The afterglow of the evening sun illuminates the mahogany-textured eaves outside the teahouse even more.

Several young monks who were in a hurry entered the teahouse. After showing their electronic reservation vouchers to the staff at the front desk, they completed the genetic antigen test at the door before being allowed into the teahouse.

"When did you become so strict?" asked the leader of the young man with yellow hair. Although he had dissatisfaction written on his face, he still cooperated with the inspection honestly. After pricking his fingertip with a disposable fine needle . Dropped a drop of blood mixed with his own spiritual power into the testing kit.

"Hello sir. I'm sorry. This is the latest notification from above."

The manager of the tea house quickly came to the front desk and explained. He bowed and apologized: "We are also acting according to the rules. Thank you for your cooperation."

"Is this thing really useful?" Huang Mao looked at the test kit in front of him.

After he and his companions dripped blood according to the correct operating procedures, the center reading port of the test kit was quickly covered by a burst of blue. Finally, a dark red bar was left in area A.

"As you can see, sir, the genetic antigen has two bars. One bar in area A. It means that you are all serious human monks on earth. One bar in area B means the test is invalid. If it shows two bars, then there is 95% chance. The possibility is unmistakable that they are aliens in disguise on Earth."

The teahouse supervisor sighed: "As the earth establishes diplomatic relations with all major alien beings, the earth's influence further expands. There are countless alien beings smuggled into the earth."

The problem mentioned by the teahouse supervisor is also the main problem facing today's cultivating society. The purpose of genetic antigen monitoring is to prevent these smuggled aliens from pretending to be humans in some deceptive ways, thereby using the cloak of human monks to do illegal things on the earth. Activities.

On the one hand, this will destroy the existing order of human monks on earth. On the other hand, it will also reduce the favorability of human monks on earth in the entire universe.

Therefore. Now there are companies that specialize in organizing and arresting these smuggled aliens. In a sense, it also provides a lot of jobs for modern human monks.

Most of these companies have direct subcontracting contracts with departments such as the Cultivation Police Department. And they will be classified according to the circumstances of the captured aliens.

Those who have committed obvious crimes will be escorted directly to the police station to await sentencing. Aliens who have committed no crimes and are willing to continue to stay on Earth may later obtain legal Earth ID cards to live on Earth.

At present, the earth's strategy towards aliens is relatively friendly. As long as they do not invade the earth, forming good relationships is the signal sent by the International United Association of Cultivators on the earth.

To sum it up: peace.

...

After completing the antigen at the bottom of the teahouse, Huang Mao, the leader, and the three people following him were led by the waiter. A total of four people were taken into an independent private room on the third floor.

As the waiter completed the work of pouring tea and water, the waiter skillfully closed the sliding door of the private room and turned on the do not disturb timer button outside.

A soundproof psychic barrier was immediately generated. During this period, any conversation inside would not be transmitted outside this private room.

In the private room, there sat a feminine man with heavy makeup. He was carrying an electric guitar. The foundation on his face was as white as snow. The pink moganxi head made him look alone.

When those yellow men saw this person, they were immediately stunned.

Everyone thought they had gone to the wrong private room.

But soon the Moganxitou man laughed: "Sit down. You are right. I am Teacher Duan from the Universe Infinite Group."

"I've heard about Teacher Duan for a long time..."

Huang Mao and several young people sat down respectively.

If the man hadn't reported his family status, they would never have thought that the abnormal-looking man in front of them... was the chief interviewer of the Universe Infinite Group. Duan Hantian.

"You should know that according to the mission issued by the company this time, it is actually not easy to find the group of smuggled aliens in the entire Songhai." Duan Hantian said while tapping the table gently with his long black nails: "But the company can see that you are very special talents, so it allows me to provide you with a little help."

"But... doesn't that count as cheating?" Huang Mao, the leader, frowned.

"It doesn't count. Collecting information is part of the ability test. If you can get the information I provide, that's your own ability."

Duan Hantian laughed: "And my information is not so straightforward. It requires thinking. If you are incompetent idiots, I don't need to waste my words at all."

Huang Mao heard this and looked at each other with several people.

"You are a team of four. And everyone has unique skills. I think your ability should not be inferior to other teams. As far as I know, one of the interviewers was accompanied by two high school students. Be a foreign aid."

"High school students...become foreign aid?"

Huang Mao also laughed when he heard this: "This can't be considered foreign aid at all. Isn't this high school student here to complete outdoor training homework?"

"Probably." Duan Hantian said with a smile, "But they are obviously just a joke. I saw the interviewer. His special ability is spiritual painting. And his ability to visualize spiritual power is better than those who can usually paint using the immortal method. The painter is better. But this is not what our big boss wants. Do you understand?"

"I understand." Huang Mao nodded.

Duan Hantian crossed his fingers, held his chin, and looked directly at Huang Mao: "No. It seems now that you don't understand."

"What do you mean?" Huang Mao was puzzled.

"You don't think you can get free information from me. Is it that simple?"

"knew."

Huang Mao took a deep breath. Then he looked at Duan Hantian: "So, you want to see what my specific abilities are?"

"I know. The four of you have systems. And they are very strong systems. But as the chief interviewer, I think I still need to know your system capabilities."

Duan Hantian said: "I know. This may be a taboo for you. But I think that honesty is the basis of everything. In the current market, you can hardly find a more suitable company than us. Our Universe Infinite Group . Have the ability to meet the ultimate needs of those of you with system abilities."

"The final requirement..." Huang Mao frowned.

"Although you have powerful system capabilities, you know nothing about the information behind the system designer. To you, the system designer is God. You dare not offend the gods. You have great respect for him. But if one day . Your god has taken back the system in you. Then you will become completely useless."

"..." Huang Mao and the other three fell into silence.

"So for you, what you hope most is that you can always firmly control the system's capabilities in your own hands."

Duan Hantian said: "And our company has the ability to help you make the system independent, so that you...will always be your own master!"





Chapter 2200 Gathering of ability users


[Daily life of the immortal king]

.The daily life of the immortal king

The biggest taboo of those with system abilities is often exposing their own abilities. This is almost the biggest secret for every system person. It is absolutely impossible to reveal any information about the system unless it is absolutely necessary.

Even though Huang Mao and his partners have known each other for a while, they have never revealed anything about the system to each other.

They believe that there are system gods in this world. And they also call these system gods: Lord.

It is because of the existence of the Lord that they have the ability to surpass most ordinary monks even if they do not have strong cultivation talents.

Duan Hantian's condition sounds very tempting, but in Huang Mao's eyes it is nonsense.

Even if this company gathers all kinds of capable people who work for them wholeheartedly, it is really nonsense to directly separate the system and break away from the constraints of the master.

"Lu Jing."

Seeing that Huang Mao was still hesitating. There was no response for a long time. Duan Hantian smiled lightly: "If you don't want to say it, I understand. But it's a pity. If that's the case, I can't help you." Provide any valid information. As for whether you can join the company, it depends on your ability."

Duan Hantian turned on his phone and quickly replied to several interview messages in front of Lu Jing. He raised his eyebrows and said, "If you don't intend to share it with me, I have other interviewees here who are interested in exchanging information."

Duan Hantian spoke eloquently.

To be honest. As the company's chief interviewer, he has seen this situation many times.

These system ability users were all very cautious when they first came into contact with each other. They were afraid that the "master" behind them would punish them.

But in fact, there is nothing magical about the existence of the system itself in Duan Hantian's opinion.

"Since our company was founded, many people with system skills have joined the company. The upper management knows their details clearly. If we really have bad intentions, guess why they don't leave? Why are there more job seekers now? Our company?" After saying that, Duan Hantian waved his hand to signal Lu Jing and others to leave.

Lu Jing stared at Duan Hantian. After a fierce ideological struggle, he finally sighed and said: "I need to go and ask our boss. It won't be long. Give me half an hour."

Duan Hantian looked calm, as if he had expected it. He narrowed his eyes and smiled: "Okay."

After watching Lu Jing and the others leave the private room, Duan Hantian rubbed the center of his brows. His index finger produced a spiritual light and tapped his temple. Soon a voice came, communicating with him remotely.

The old voice contained a little slyness and depth: "Is everything okay?"

Just listen. Duan Hantian said to the person on the other side: "Yes. Everything is going well. Lu Jing is already asking Zhi Jiunian for instructions. Everything that has happened so far is as the boss expected."

"The boss's prediction will never go wrong. This is a big game. If successful, we will become the richest people in the entire world of cultivation." said the old voice on the other side.

"I understand."

Duan Hantian tapped his nails on the table in front of him: "It's just that I still don't understand why the boss is so interested in this wise man. I have been working under the boss for a while, and I am also a good person. Countless. Why haven't I heard of such a person before?"

This chapter is not finished. Click [next page] to continue reading -->>

[Daily life of the immortal king]

"You don't need to ask any more questions. Just do as you're told."

"I'm the interviewer. I have to know some details."

Duan Hantian sighed helplessly.

Said: "At the very least, you have to tell me what kind of special abilities this Zhi Jiunian has. Is he also a fool system capable person who believes in a master?" The voice on the other side fell silent for a moment.

Then he said: "No. His ability is far more powerful than the system. It should be the same ability as the boss."

"Same ability as boss?"

Duan Hantian had an expression of disbelief on his face.

"But this has not been specifically verified. Even the boss is just suspicious."

When the person on the other end of the phone said this, Duan Hantian suddenly understood.

For the boss, the success or failure of this interview is not the key. Instead, he wants to use this clue from Lu Jing to dig deeper into more clues about Zhi Jiunian.

...

Wang Ling, Sun Rong trained with Lao Huang. It is not that easy to catch aliens smuggling across Songhai City.

I met those octopus people before. It was just the octopus people's bad luck. Songhai is so big and there are so many construction routes. But I bumped into Wang Ling on that road.

In a sense, they are lucky. At least before a more tragic incident happened, they were able to step back from the cliff in time under the guidance of Wang Ling. Otherwise, they would collectively do those anti-human things later. Operation. Forget about these octopus people returning to their home planet, I'm afraid they will turn into boxes and fall directly on the earth.

However, Wang Ling discovered that although Lao Huang was reborn on the earth by his own magical means, Lao Huang still relied on his natural social and optimist attributes to make some friends. He has already formed a little bit of his own. Personal connections.

He was driving a black off-road vehicle. Wang Ling and Sun Rong fastened their seat belts and sat obediently in the back seat.

Lao Huang said: "You guys sit tight."

"Where do we go now?" Sun Rong asked.

"I met some capable people in the group. They have a gathering of capable people. And they just sent me the invitation code. Since no one knows the clues about this batch of smuggling aliens, I thought it would be a good idea to brainstorm. Not a bad choice."

The expression on Lao Huang's face was a little excited. He was eager to try: "I also want to see. Apart from those with system abilities, what other abilities do these people have?"

Wang Ling, Sun Rong looked at each other. Both of them tacitly began to lament the diversity of the modern world of cultivation.

Now that the earth has been upgraded, there are tens of billions of human monks on the entire earth. Wang Ling has actually thought of it for a long time. With such a large population base, not everyone wants to be a high-ranking monk. They are all willing to follow the path of honest cultivation.

Searching for various secret techniques seems to have become a new trend that many low-level monks are following...

In fact, Wang Ling knows two people with their own abilities.

That is Xiang Yi and Qin Zhong.

One can travel back and forth between two realms.

The other one has made it all the way to where he is now with the help of extremely lucky buffs.

This chapter is not finished. Click [next page] to continue reading -->>

[Daily life of the immortal king]

But in the final analysis, these two people have been able to make it all the way to this point. Wang Ling admits that it is somewhat related to him...

As for the rest of the people on earth, the so-called capable ones.

Wang Ling always had a gut feeling.

Why did the more he looked at these people, the more he thought they looked like Jiucai...