Chapter 2001 I heard that Vice Colonel Huo doesn’t have a girlfriend?


Latest website: This principal-level battle between the two schools has begun.

However, in the eyes of outsiders, the monk and Principal Dai of Shengke were looking at each other from a distance. They were looking at each other but neither one made the first move.

I don’t even know why in this atmosphere, even looking at each other feels so affectionate...

"What's going on, principals? Why don't you take action?" The entire office in the teaching building was boiling. Some teachers had already prepared popcorn, melon seeds and happy water. They were just waiting to see this peak showdown between the principals.

However, the deadlock in front of them could not help but make all the teachers feel a little disappointed.

"I'm afraid this is a battle between masters. It is also the so-called movement of the mind but the body does not move." Teacher Pan crossed his arms and pushed the gold-rimmed eyes as he explained.

It can only be said that as the number one gold medal teacher at Number 60 High School, Teacher Pan is worthy of being Teacher Pan. He noticed at a glance what most other teachers have not noticed yet.

"What Director Pan means is..."

"That's the literal meaning. I'm afraid our vice-principal is competing with the other party's Principal Dai in the spiritual world. I'm afraid this is also to protect the safety of all of us."

"Yes. Although I don't know what level our Vice Principal Huo Ding is. But I heard before that Vice Principal Huo is actually a True Immortal. Two True Immortals really fight. It's easy to destroy a city." The teacher nodded. He agreed very much.

Teacher Pan continued: "But I heard that this kind of battle is established directly through the mental space. It is generally divided into the attacking side and the defending side. The current situation is not easy to judge what is going on."

"After all, Principal Dai is known as the God of Killing... He fought countless intruders into our country of cultivation on the battlefield back then. He is known as the proud son of one side of the world. I also know that the murderous aura of the blood sea in his mind will be extremely strong. If Principal Dai drags our Vice Principal Huo into the mental space first, I'm worried that Vice Principal Huo won't be able to withstand the pressure."

When Teacher Pan said this, all the teachers in the office who heard this analysis couldn't help but feel a little nervous.

Until the battle is over, no one knows what will happen.

No teacher at Number 60 High School could have predicted the final outcome of the battle.

But the current battle has also made many teachers fall into deep thought.

As a veteran figure who was known as the God of Killing and had great military achievements in the past. He is now the principal of the Number 1 High School Cultivation Academy.

It turns out that even if you are fighting for your country, the pressure of blood debt still exists, right?

Many teachers are even a little unable to understand such complex and tangled emotions. After all, modern cultivation society has been peaceful for too long.

Although there are occasional trade disputes between cultivating countries, there is really no way to return to the war-torn days of the past.

At this moment, they have enjoyed comfort for too long. They teach in the academy step by step every day and live their daily lives. But they seem to have gradually forgotten the instinct of fighting as a cultivator.

Even though the school holds practical training every year, compared to the cruelty in the era of cultivation wars, these entertaining practical trainings now look more like a trivial game.

"War is cruel. It is precisely because of this that we need to remember it closely. Let us know that peace is hard-won. However, in peaceful times, of course we must also have some awareness of being prepared for danger in times of peace."

"Teachers, you don't have to think too complicated. Today's children are much smarter than us."

"Their patriotism is not just lip service. If a war really breaks out, these Houlangs will immediately turn into a surge of lava. They will be the first to unite."

At this time, Teacher Wang Zukang's voice suddenly came from the office door.

His body is still so familiar. His plump and round belly gives people an inexplicable sense of intimacy.

"It's Director Wang! Why are you back? Where is School Chen?" a teacher asked in surprise.

"School Chen is still in a meeting. My session has ended. I heard that the principal has an appointment today, so I came over to take a look. How is the situation now?"

He opened a pack of spicy strips and chewed gluten. He stood on the window sill and watched: "Sure enough, it started at the front door. I entered through the back door. I was still wondering why the school was so quiet."

"Instructor Pan said that this is a spiritual confrontation between Vice Principal Huo and Principal Dai." A teacher replied: "But the current situation is hard to say. The two seem to be evenly matched. No changes can be seen at all. I don't know how long it will last."

"It is indeed a mental confrontation. But what is certain is that Vice Principal Huo is not at a disadvantage yet. Look at his expression. He is very calm. On the contrary, it is Principal Dai who is showing signs of cold sweat." Mr. Wang Zukang responded. road.

The teachers took a closer look and showed surprise in their eyes.

"It's true! But what's the origin of Vice Principal Huo... He just came here not long ago. The teachers in our office usually don't dare to talk to him except for meetings."

A female teacher blushed: "Hey. Actually, I don't really care about strength or anything like that. And I just want to ask everyone. I'm the only one who thinks... Vice Principal Huo is actually very good-looking! Those eyebrows are so delicate. Now. I feel like he is a star..."

"Teacher Xu from the ancient language class. You need to calm down..."

Mr. Wang Zukang said: "I don't know if Vice Colonel Huo has that idea. But I heard from Colonel Chen that he doesn't have a girlfriend."

"Don't you have a girlfriend?"

Teacher Pan couldn't help but laugh: "Ha. I heard that those powerful people who are in high positions are almost all not sexually attracted to women. Because their realm is too advanced, they have no worldly desires."

"Hey. That's so boring. Then why don't you become a monk and become a monk..." Several female teachers who were interested in Vice Principal Huo felt shocked by these words. All of them couldn't help showing their disappointment. The look comes.

...

At the same time, Qu Shuling, who was locked up in the student apartment and under close surveillance, opened his eyes from sitting cross-legged.

When Dai Tianchun came here to visit him with food, the guards gave them fifteen minutes.

However, in fact, during those fifteen minutes, he had a very intensive conversation with his teacher.

It's just that the spiritual guards outside can't notice it.

At this time, Qu Shuling touched his belly.

Those high-tech microbial mechanical devices installed in the food. This is a new cultivation technology developed by Shengke's research institute.

In addition to helping Qu Shuling quickly recover from internal injuries, more importantly, this microbial mechanical device can be intelligently assembled in the body into a supercharging device installed in important blood vessels and meridians to increase the output power of spiritual power. . And through internal stimulation of acupuncture points, it can temporarily increase his combat power level.

The humiliation of the spiritual world trial ground. He has never forgotten it from beginning to end...

Li Changzhe, Zhang Linyan, Wang Ling...

He will sort it out one by one.

Of course, these high-tech microbial mechanical devices in his body alone are not enough to increase his combat power to a terrifying level in a short period of time.

But it is enough to deal with the spiritual guards at the door.

So in fact, Dai Tianchun gave him something else when he left.

It was a scale from a spiritual beast.

Dai Tianchun told him.

This is. Dragon scale...





Chapter 2002 3-in-1. The Renaissance of the Universe


Latest website: Infinite Galaxy Depths.

A dragon star shining with holy brilliance. Surrounded by countless black holes.

That was Bai Zhe's deliberate method. Now he seems to have the ability to control black holes. As one of the three leaders of the dragon clan in the Eternal Era, Moonlight Dragon uses black holes to guard. This method is really enough to defy the heavens. It gives people a feeling that is so strong that it is unreal.

At this moment, Bai Zhe has not yet reached the heyday of becoming a dragonborn. After several confrontations with Wang Ling, he believes that he has sufficient experience.

My past self was too anxious. After gaining great power, I was eager to challenge Wang Ling.

Now he fully understands that what he needs most right now is to continuously consolidate his own foundation.

Even though Bai Zhe now feels that he is so strong that he is invulnerable, he is still reluctant.

He sat cross-legged on the dragon star he created, using the black hole to protect himself.

Continuously strengthen yourself by absorbing the cosmic energy in the infinite galaxy.

And those who followed him to practice together, except for Jingze and Yan around him.

There is also the bunch of dark grapes transformed by Fenmu Shen that appears in the Dragon Star void.

The Dragon Clan, in the past...the two most powerful and eternal forces that were originally hostile, chose to join forces at this moment.

It would not be an exaggeration to call this a cosmic renaissance.

"The Saints have agreed to our invitation." Sotos, the incarnation of Fenmu Shen, made a voice in the void.

He is located above the Dragon Star, but he is like a giant watchtower. He can easily see the entire universe without moving his body.

This is the omniscient and omnipotent cosmic observation power that comes with the Fenmu Shen version of Sotos...

But even so, Fenmu Shen has the same idea as Bai Zhe. He believes that now is not the best time to attack the earth.

Because of his omniscient and omnipotent observation of the universe. The only place that cannot be observed is the earth.

The boy from Earth who pretended to be a pig and ate a tiger was like a signal jammer, directly blocking his sight.

Therefore, Fenmu Shen believes that the combat power of their entire team has not yet reached the point where they can reverse the universe.

If we wait until that day, the Earth boy's shielding effect will fail, allowing him to observe the Earth.

And that day was the day they launched a war against the earth and the cultivators all over the earth.

"Unsurprisingly. They have no choice but to join us."

Bai Zhe closed his eyes. He maintained a cross-sitting posture, with his back straight and his hands hanging naturally on his knees, floating in the void. His whole body exuded a translucent light that was almost like jade.

The moonlight dragon horn above his head exudes healing and eternal moonlight. The slender white dragon tail hangs naturally along his tailbone. There are endless tiny star stones surrounding him. They are constantly integrating and then shattering.

"You withdrew all the dragonborn from the earth." Fenmu Shen muttered.

"That's right." Bai Zhe nodded: "We can't afford to lose anything now. Integrating combat power is the key."

"But that little omnipotent dragon is still on Earth."

"He is very strong, but he also has a variety of dragon genes that cause his development to be delayed. His slow cultivation speed is the biggest drawback. I tested him last time. If it weren't for the sister of the boy surnamed Wang, he wouldn't be able to withstand us." Bai Zhe looked calm. He didn't notice Wang Muyu at all.

Although at the beginning, his purpose was indeed to train Wang Muyu. But looking at it now, this little guy's thoughts are not on the same front as them.

Forcible twisting will definitely not work.

But after all, Wang Muyu has the same dragon bloodline as them.

Although this little guy is well-behaved and sensible now, who knows if he will turn into a rebellious kid in a while.

Therefore, Bai Zhe was completely unhurried.

Both are dragonborn. He has his own judgment.

Anyway, there is still some time before the final battle to make arrangements. Before the war comes, he still has many opportunities to lay the groundwork.

But as Fenmu Shen said, all the dragonborn on the earth were removed by him.

The current earth is completely in a blind spot. Even Bai Zhe has sent some alien races to transfer to the earth through the Heavenly Dao star and visit the earth as alien envoys.

However, recently the International Federation of Cultivators' review threshold for aliens entering the earth has become higher.

And the Earth’s alien diplomatic ambassador, Guo Ping, is the one who is prepared for danger in times of peace and proposes to prevent alien spies from penetrating into the Earth’s cultivators.

Due to the discovery of the Heavenly Dao planet, Guo Ping's say in extraterrestrial affairs far exceeds that of other cultivators on the earth. A very weighty word suddenly blocked the way for Bai Zhe to send alien beings to infiltrate the earth.

However, in fact Bai Zhe still has his own plans for this.

That's hate...

Perhaps it would be much easier to create divisions and dissatisfaction among cultivators on Earth than to find a third party to infiltrate.

Because he has had the experience of being a human being, Bai Zhe, who is now a dragonborn, naturally clearly understands that human emotions are actually extremely complicated.

Especially those various negative emotions. They can all be used.

Because of jealousy, because of hatred, because of hatred...and Bai Zhe can use his own methods. He can easily take advantage of these negative emotions.

"So. You gave one of your dragon scales to the man named Dai Tianchun." Fenmu Shen couldn't help laughing. The chaotic voice was creepy.

"He doesn't know the origin of dragon scales. But with his ability, he can analyze such a substance. The rest is left to chance." Bai Zhe responded calmly.

"Will anyone really eat this..." At this time, Yi? Finally couldn't help but speak. She had lost a battle before and was directly captured by an enlightened toilet spirit. But she didn't know why the toilet spirit was actually there. After healing her injuries, let her go.

This is annoying. There is always an indescribable feeling in my heart.

In fact, this is the order given by Wang Ling. There is no other special reason. It's just that Wang Ling is unilaterally disgusted? It's too weak. And it's useless to capture such a small dragonborn. . The food consumption is also very expensive. It is better to put it back and fatten it up. Wait until it becomes stronger...

However, what no one knows is that this release left a tiny seed in the heart of Yan?

Although Bai Zhe has been instilling in Wei, instilling the cruelty and ugliness of human beings, but after listening to these words, now and then, there will be moments of emptiness in Wei's mind.

For example, right now. Just after I asked the question.

Bai Zhe immediately replied: "Girl, I told you. Human beings are creatures with complex emotions..."

It started again.

Repeating clichés from the past like chanting sutras.

Tired? I can almost memorize all of Bai Zhe’s lines in my mind.

Human cultivators are creatures with complex emotions. They also have a strong desire to compare.

Because they are unwilling to lag behind, they will continue to develop cultivation technology. They will continue to cultivate and strengthen themselves.

Because of the greed after becoming stronger...there was a steady stream of aggressive wars in the past history of human cultivators.

They compare. Involve. And then the cycle repeats...

Although it seems that a long-term peace has been maintained now, once someone really wants to break the rules, war can immediately start.

Bai Zhe said: "So girl, no matter who Dai Tianchun gave this dragon scale to, he will definitely eat it..."

"But can ordinary cultivators on earth withstand the pain of the dragon scale energy explosion?" Jingze also became curious: "Especially the master's dragon scale."

"That depends on how much hatred he has."

Bai Zhe sneered: "As long as he can survive it, no matter how poor and weak he was in the past, he will be a high-ranking Tianlong in the future..."

...

At the same moment, the battle between the monks in the spiritual space continues.

He clasped his hands together. The whole person was suspended high. The golden Buddha light projected over Number 60 High School hit his bald head. It was like the reincarnation of the Buddha. Even if he did not deliberately use spiritual pressure, it still contained a strong oppression. feel.

"Monk who is pretending to be a ghost... do you think you are the sage of Buddhism!" Dai Tianchun was instantly angry. He had also killed some monks before. On the battlefield, some monks used it in the name of increasing their combat power, but in fact they did heinous things. of hypocrisy.

In order to calculate the best opportunity to attack, their troops once believed the slander of a wild monk. As a result, the cultivation troops suffered unprecedented heavy losses.

Although he won in the end, his brothers could not come back...

Therefore, Dai Tianchun always had a bad impression of the monk.

The appearance of Jin Deng reminded Dai Tianchun of many memories of those hypocritical monks.

At this moment, Dai Tianchun is like a white-haired lion king who has been bathing in the pale thunder. The blood all over his body is gushing. His muscles are swelling. His body size is doubling at a speed visible to the naked eye. Countless blood-sea killing auras are emanating from his body.

The thoughts in the monk's mind also moved slightly with this murderous aura. Such an astonishing murderous aura is indeed rare.

However, as the sage of Buddhism, Monk Jin Deng has always believed that as long as people still have good thoughts, they can return to the right path.

Dai Tianchun is called the God of Killing by the world. He is regarded as the most unreasonable and reckless general. He is burdened with countless killings and blood debts. However, even for such a person.

At this moment, the monk can still see the glimmer of humanity.

Even though Dai Tianchun now hates the wild monk who deceived him back then, deep down in his heart he still misses those brothers who died fighting with him, right...

Based on this alone, the monk cannot be found and killed... Oh no, the monk should say: physical transcendence.

Yes. Based on this alone, he could no longer find a reason to surpass Dai Tianchun in physics.

Of course, the monk also knew that Dai Tianchun's soul had been burdened with the years of killing and blood debt.

If there is a way, it is blocked. It is better to be sparse.

Therefore, the monk planned a square formation from the beginning of the challenge.

He immediately dragged Dai Tianchun into his own mental space.

Indeed, as Dai Tianchun said, there are not many people in this world who can withstand his huge killings and blood debt. But he would never have thought that the monk standing in front of him was one of them.

The monk's purpose was to let Dai Tianchun release the heavy things he was carrying in his spiritual space.

As long as these mental pressures are completely released, maybe Dai Tianchun can become a normal person without the need to undergo rehabilitation.

Of course, these are just the monk's inner thoughts.

The specifics still depend on practical operation.

"die!"

Boom!

In the sky of the spiritual space, Dai Tianchun, whose body expanded to the height of a small building, was like a thunder warrior. A huge energy group aimed at the monk and bombarded him.

The monk clasped his hands together and lowered his eyes slightly. He did not move his body. He just floated in the air. This energy group did not even touch his body, but was completely blocked by the Buddha's light.

At the same time, the damage caused to the spiritual space by the energy group was also repaired by the Buddhist fire from the past summoned by the monk.

Dai Tianchun's eyes were filled with tears. He was completely addicted.

The space shook. He turned his arm into a red flame thunder blade and slashed at Monk Jin Deng!

Mixed with thunder and fire, the sword light condensed his infinite killing power. A strong smell of blood hit his face like a rolling tsunami.

No normal person can withstand this kind of impact. Even if they are in the True Immortal realm, this kind of mental pressure is too great. It is easy for people to have the same feeling that Dai Tianchun had when he was in the vast battlefield of cultivation.

Lonely, hesitant, and at a loss. Except for killing enemies and blood, roars and explosions of spells. It seems that nothing can be heard...

"Hypocritical monk! I want you to die!"

Sometimes the collapse of adults only takes a moment. As a monk who has been reincarnated for thousands of lives, he can more or less understand such pain.

"Buddha said, I will not go to hell. Who will go to hell?"

So, Monk Jin Deng clasped his hands together without taking any defensive posture and allowed Dai Tianchun's sword to hit his head.

However, this knife still cut into loneliness.

The gap in realm is irreparable. As Jiaochu among the Eternal Ones, anyone who has fought against the monk will have a deep understanding of the strength of the monk.

In this world, except for Wang Ling, who can easily deal with monks, in the eyes of other eternal beings, the existence of monk Jin Deng is a different kind.

At this time, he was facing the mental pressure that Dai Tianchun had accumulated for thousands of years, and he was still able to deal with it calmly. The word "pervert" was no longer enough to describe the monk's power.

"Ahhh!"

Dai Tianchun was full of dissatisfaction. While he roared angrily, a set of armor appeared on his body.

In the spiritual space, it was originally impossible to summon magic weapons.

But there is only one exception.

That's the chaos machine.

This made the monk a little surprised. Because Dai Tianchun, as a local earth cultivator, would actually have a chaos device on his body. This was something the monk had never thought of before.

Obviously, Dai Tianchun hid very well. In any previous battle, he had never had any record of using a Chaos Device.

In other words, this battle in the spiritual space forced Dai Tianchun to take out the things he had packed at the bottom of the box.

The monk could tell that this was no ordinary chaos device. The quality was not low, and it worked well with Dai Tianchun.

Naturally, the average True Immortal level cannot control the Chaos Device. Therefore, in terms of controlling the Chaos Device, Dai Tianchun may have also combined some cultivation technology to share the pressure of using the Chaos Device.

With the blessing of the Chaos Device, Dai Tianchun's realm at this moment is still at the peak of the ninth level of True Immortal, but his actual combat power has far exceeded this.

The monk thought. Fortunately, he would be the vice principal of Number 60 High School. When he proposed this idea earlier, Lord Diu Lei also had his eye on this position.

Later, out of respect for the senior's ideas, I gave it to him...

If it were Lord Diu Lei who appeared here today. With Dai Tianchun's strength, Lord Diu Lei might not be able to resist.

He is indeed the legendary Dai Crazy Demon.

But today, his monk is here. No matter what kind of madman he is, this butcher's knife must be put down.

"Six Yuan Spirit Armor!"

With Dai Tianchun's roar, the chaos device that was summoned from the spiritual space also began to fit in with his expanded body and began to multiply. It was like pieces of Linjia that were tightly installed on his body.

This is a kind of chaos device produced from special materials from six kinds of universes. It has the powerful ability to adapt to the environment. It can adjust the user's behavior to the best fighting state according to the environment.

It is also a chaos weapon of super-god quality...

Among the five sequence levels of Chaos Device, its strength ranks second.

Although the monks have all encountered chaos devices that have reached the fourth level of light or even the fifth level of creation. However, the monks still feel a little incredible about the control of chaos devices in the True Immortal realm.

It can only be said that the science of cultivation is too powerful. He once believed that realm is the standard to measure everything. He did not expect that cultivation science and technology can really break this shackles.

If given time, Mr. Wang Ming, who is urgently developing a new type of Talisman, may really be able to create a cultivator mecha that is comparable in strength to the True Immortal realm, or even more transcendent than the True Immortal realm.

After merging with the Six-Yuan Spirit Armor, Dai Tianchun's offensive was obviously more fierce than before. He was like a siege weapon. His whole body turned into a cannonball and took off on the spot. He launched a bombardment at the monk.

Bang!

A huge explosion sounded from the spiritual space. The entire space was shaken. There were constant sounds of explosions and fragments, which were quickly repaired by the monk's past Buddha fire.

However, even under such a fierce attack, the monk still stood steadily in the air with his hands clasped together, looking invincible.

Totally unbeatable...

At this point, Dai Tianchun began to fall into doubt.

He didn't take the vice-principal of Number 60 High School seriously at first. But he didn't expect that the other person turned out to be the monk he hated the most.

Not only that. He is also an invincible monk whose combat power seems to be far beyond his. Even when he shows his trump card, he cannot defeat him.

At that moment, Dai Tianchun's heart began to waver. However, his body movements did not stop. He was still launching a new round of attacks.

"The poor monk is here. No matter how Mr. Dai attacks, the poor monk will not fight back until Mr. Dai is satisfied." The monk said. Feng Qingyun's indifferent attitude made Dai Tianchun helpless and annoyed.

He could actually vaguely feel that the monk in front of him seemed to be completely different from the wild fake monks who had been deceived and kidnapped on the battlefield to make war money. But such words were tantamount to provocation, which still made Dai Tianchun furious.

He has absolutely no fear.

When neither the long-range spell bombardment nor the successive rounds of melee attacks could harm the monk at all, Dai Tianchun thought of a crazy decision like he was possessed.

The next second, the Six-Yuan Spirit Armor all over his body began to emit bright light. At the same time, a huge amount of energy began to gather towards his core.

The monk seemed to have anticipated what the other party was going to do. However, he still maintained the stable posture of the most sacred person in Buddhism.

"Bald Donkey! Can you still pretend to be calm now?"

Dai Tianchun roared angrily. Then the next second he jumped into the air. Carrying this huge energy that was about to explode, he hugged the monk tightly into his arms.

This is to directly use all of one's own power to detonate this spiritual space.

Dai Tianchun saw that the monk's mysterious Buddha fire had the ability to repair the cracks in the spiritual space. But if it directly exploded the entire space, the mysterious Buddha fire would be useless.

Cracks can be repaired quickly, but once the spiritual space collapses, they will disappear completely.

He is going to die together with Monk Jin Deng.

Even at the cost of permanently turning their bodies into vegetative states in the real world.

The monk actually has a clear mind. This is Dai Tianchun's last attack. After this outbreak, all the pressure on him will be released.

Boom!

There was a loud noise that shook the sky. Dai Tianchun and the Six-Yuan Spirit Armor on his body all exploded. Huge energy swept across the entire spiritual space. Countless everything was shattering and being crushed into fine powder.

And Dai Tianchun could clearly feel that his soul had separated from his body.

Unexpectedly... after enduring a long period of mental torture, he would eventually die in peacetime because of a fight with the principal out of spite.

But it doesn't matter...

At the very least. He also took away a nasty monk.

On the way to hell together, it doesn't seem too bad to have someone to keep you company...

If this person is not a monk, that would be better.

He was thinking deeply in his mind.

At this moment, Dai Tianchun suddenly felt as if he had really let go of everything.

He didn't even know why he started to feel a special emotion in his heart.

Regret...

Dai Tianchun could not imagine that he, who had always been decisive in killing and never hesitated, would feel regretful.

At this moment, the thoughts of the battlefield killing god were messy. He thought of all the past. Then he began to regret his stupid operation of holding the monk and detonating his soul.

Things of the past are in the past.

The painful things he was carrying have also been let go.

Those former comrades died as he charged. And since he was lucky enough to survive...it is only right that he should continue to live in this beautiful world with their beliefs.

So. Does he still have a chance to choose again...

Who else can give him the chance to make a new choice?

At that moment, Dai Tianchun's soul drifted in the infinite galaxy and universe. Suddenly, he seemed to see the vague outline of a young man...

The young man walked toward him with his trouser pockets inserted. He stretched out his index finger and tapped his forehead lightly.

Then Dai Tianchun felt as if his soul had found a place to stay and quickly retreated.

Countless stars around him began to flow backwards.

When he opened his eyes again, he still had the calm face of the monk.

And he actually looked like a girl, being carried by the monk in his powerful arms like a princess...

Dai Tianchun was shocked.

He didn't know what was going on.

But it can be confirmed that the monk's spiritual space was not exploded as he thought.

And he and the monk are still alive...





Chapter 2003 The Gentle God of Killing


Latest website: No one could imagine that a man who made almost all the principals fearful and who was known as the God of Death would actually lie on the monk's arms in such a posture.

Dai Tianchun was so ashamed that he immediately covered his face with his hands. He just wanted to find a hole to crawl into...

This scene is so beautiful. It is no different from the time when Jingke suddenly triggered the passive ability of "hairy leg and shoulder resistance" at the Spirit Sword Exchange Meeting. Anyone who sees it will be embarrassed.

"This is a spiritual space. Mr. Dai doesn't have to worry about being seen by outsiders. Only you and I know about this." At this time, Jin Deng said calmly.

This sentence reminded Dai Tianchun.

That's right...this is a spiritual space. This scene is invisible to outsiders.

But he still had an unspeakable shyness. He jumped down from the monk's arms with almost gritted teeth. He stared at the monk with a red face. If it weren't for the ferocious look of the silver-haired lion king on his face, it would be like a girl's manga. The heroine: "This battle does not count! We will fight again another day!"

"Why doesn't it count?"

The monk smiled: "In my opinion, Mr. Dai has achieved a complete victory."

"Are you laughing at me, monk!" The corners of Dai Tianchun's mouth twitched.

"No. Mr. Dai."

Monk Jin Deng shook his head and said eloquently: "Now you have overcome the inner demons that have troubled you for thousands of years. Isn't it? This is Mr. Dai's victory. It has nothing to do with the poor monk. And this battle . The poor monk did not take action. If Mr. Dai had been more serious, it would have been a tie at best."

The logic of these words was impeccable. Hearing this, Dai Tianchun was immediately speechless. His heart was as clear as a mirror. Naturally, he also knew that the monk was deliberately trying to find a way out for himself.

So he just curled his lips, waved his sleeves and snorted: "That's it! Let's just treat it as a tie! But next time, we must compete!"

"Mr. Dai, I see you clearly." The monk performed the Buddhist ritual and said respectfully.

Just as he was about to exit the mental space, Dai Tianchun frowned tightly at this moment. After thinking for a while, he gritted his teeth and spoke to Jin Deng: "But monk... that scene just now, you are not allowed to give it to me. Say it!"

"Exchange of equal value. Please keep Mr. Dai's identity as a monk confidential." Monk Jin Deng said.

He knew very well that with Dai Tianchun's personality, he would probably not trust others so easily if there were no corresponding conditions in exchange.

So this deal, in the monk's opinion, is actually very fair and a good deal.

"Okay." Dai Tianchun accepted happily. At this point, he finally breathed a sigh of relief.

"So, before Mr. Dai leaves, can you tell me one more thing?"

"Let's talk." Dai Tianchun put his hands behind his back. His patience was much better than before.

Although there was still a hint of impatience in his tone, the monk knew clearly that Dai Tianchun was no longer the frightening god of death he once was.

"Where did the Six-Yuan Spirit Armor that Mr. Dai just sacrificed come from?" the monk asked.

A person who is at the peak of the ninth level of the True Immortal Realm. He can handle a second-level chaos device. He can also directly control it. This is a particularly incredible thing in the eyes of the monk.

You need to proceed with caution. Investigate clearly.

Of course, Dai Tianchun, who was in the God of Killing state just now, was still unable to fully utilize the value of the Six-Yuan Spirit Armor because of the shackles he received from the realm. Maybe he used the Six-Yuan Spirit Armor, which is already amazing.

"You mean that top-notch anti-realm magic weapon?" Dai Tianchun asked?

"Hmm..." The monk was silent for a moment.

Sure enough, Dai Tianchun's understanding was still wrong. He thought it was just a particularly powerful anti-realm magic weapon. He didn't realize that what he got was actually a chaos weapon.

"That thing was accidentally obtained by me from a meteorite that fell from an alien planet. It was an object caught in the meteorite. I was also very surprised at the beginning as to why there is such a top-notch anti-realm magic weapon in this meteorite."

Dai Tianchun said: "I couldn't control it at first. But in order to be able to use this magic weapon smoothly, I specially built a wireless voltage dividing device. This allows me to not bear too much pressure when driving this magic weapon." "

After saying that, Dai Tianchun sighed: "What a pity. In the battle with you just now, this top item that I finally got was directly destroyed. Speaking of this battle, I still lost. point."

"Since there is such an opportunity, I believe that I will meet Mr. Dai again in the future." The monk said with a gentle smile.

"A smooth-tongued guy."

Dai Tianchun sneered: "Sure enough, I still hate monks the most..."

After saying that, he waved his sleeves and walked out of the spiritual space door opened for him by monk Jin Deng.

...

In the real world on the other side, the figures of Dai Tianchun and the monk never moved from beginning to end.

This battle seemed to last for a long time, but in fact it only lasted a moment. Judging from the news heard from Wang Ling, the two of them started fighting at the same time less than three minutes after entering the mental space. Blinded.

Then, Principal Dai flicked his sleeves and left the school in front of all the teachers at Number 60 High School.

No one knows what kind of chaos happened in the spiritual space.

And in the end, this principal battle initiated by Principal Sheng Ke ended with a "tie" declared to the outside world.

The new Vice Principal Huo has completely become the biggest idol among the teachers and students of Number 60 High School.

Even if it's just a tie. But this tie is personally admitted by the principal of Shengke. Even if it is a game between experts, in the eyes of the whole Number 60 High School, it is actually Number 60 High School. great victory!

The one you sent from Shengke High School is a serious principal! Number 60 High School tied with you with only the vice principal. Of course Number 60 High School won!

And this battle also completely dispelled everyone's doubts about the new Vice Principal Huo. Almost all the classes in Number 60 High School celebrated this event immediately.

No one knew what the two principals were doing in the spiritual space. So various speculations followed.

In a chat group with four people: Wang Ling, Chen Chao, Sun Rong, and Guo Hao.

Guo Hao also shared the information immediately: "I heard from an uncle of mine. A battle in the spiritual space. Our Vice Principal Huo was discussing math problems with Principal Dai from Shengke! But in the end neither of them could solve it. . That’s why it’s a tie.”

Sun Rong: "Discussing...mathematics?"

"Guo. You are talking nonsense. Vice Principal Huo is a math teacher. And Principal Dai from Shengke is also a well-known person in the magic weapon science community. How could he not be able to solve math problems?"

Chen Chao directly sent a voice message to complain: "I see. It must be a big showdown in the dark! Don't look at that Principal Dai flinging his sleeves and leaving the gate of our Number 60 High School. I think he is shy because he can't beat him. Oh...hey. I had a dream yesterday. I dreamed that Vice Principal Huo hugged Princess Dai. I was so scared that I woke up on the spot."

Wang Ling, Sun Rong: "..."





Chapter 2004: All 60 members broke through the Foundation Building’s later peak plan


Monk Jin Deng solved the matter perfectly. At the same time, the legendary God of Death, known as Crazy Demon Dai to the world, let go of the negative emotions that had been burdened on him for thousands of years.

All of this, it is not an exaggeration to describe it as a perfect merit. However, Wang Ling also noticed a problem at the same time. That is what Dai Tianchun said was the meteorite that came to the earth from an alien planet and wrapped in a chaos device.

In fact, the earth is invaded by many extraterrestrial meteorites from different galaxies every day. However, the vast majority of meteorites have been worn away when entering the atmosphere. The number of meteorites that can actually fall on the earth is very rare.

Dai Tianchun thought that what was wrapped in the meteorite was just a powerful anti-realm magic weapon. But in fact, what was wrapped inside was a chaos weapon.

This is enough to attract Wang Ling's attention.

Because under normal circumstances, it is impossible for a chaos device to be wrapped in a meteorite. The six-element spirit armor is a super-god-level chaos device. The power of chaos emitted from it alone is enough to destroy the meteorite. Burned to ashes.

This is like fire wrapped in paper. It is theoretically impossible. It is an operation that violates the natural rules of the universe.

Of course, it would be easy to understand if there are human intervention factors.

In other words, the meteorite wrapped in the Six-Yuan Spirit Armor was actually manufactured specifically to accommodate the Chaos Device. It was like a beautifully packaged express delivered by an express company. Someone had perfected the packaging and deliberately transported it to the earth.

Previously, for safety reasons and also to prevent the earth from being peeked by alien creatures, Wang Ling used the "Great Shielding Technique" to establish a strong magnetic field, which tightly wrapped the entire earth.

He knows that Bai Zhe and Fenmu Shen are monitoring the movements of the earth all the time. Therefore, Wang Ling on the earth is also on strict guard.

But in the end, it's still a secret. Some people find loopholes in other ways...

Using meteorites to directly transport objects to the earth. The situation becomes much more complicated.

Who knows what is wrapped in this special stone?

There may be chaos devices sealed inside. It may also contain other secret espionage instruments used to spy on the earth. It is even more likely to contain alien life forms that pose a certain potential threat to human cultivators on earth.

Wang Ling knows. Bai Zhe is still in the stage of accumulating strength. He will not launch a large-scale war against the earth so soon. However, before that, it is still feasible to carry out some small actions from time to time.

Its purpose is not for anything else. It is just to prevent Wang Ling's attention from focusing on him so quickly by constantly causing new troubles for the earth.

In front of the desk. Wang Ling stroked the mahogany sword. The sword trembled slightly. Jingke quietly revealed his head from the table.

He stared at Wang Ling. There was no wave on his face: "Hello, sword master. Calm down."

"It looks like it's still the same as before. He had already expected that the group of people would make a series of small moves."

Er Ha yawned and shook the fluorescent green dog hair all over his body. He said lazily.

It feels that in comparison, the demon world is really lucky. At least it has been preserved.

And the young man in front of him was so serious that he still didn't take action. That could only mean one thing.

That's this man. Laying out...

Bai Zhe thinks he can cause trouble to Wang Ling. But in fact, every move may be expected by Wang Ling.

They are operating behind closed doors over there, and they are also planning things out at the same time, just for the final battle.

And the results are already obvious.

That is, Bai Zhe will eventually be completely destroyed.

Why not just eliminate the Bai people now?

In fact, Jingke, Er Ha and Wang Ying present all have the answer in their minds.

After all, the current Bai Zhe relies on a kind of existence that is made up by the imagination. It can be said to be a twisted product of the will of the universe.

Wang Ling had previously completely wiped out his physical form. Together with Bai Zhe in ten universes, he had been wiped out completely...

But Bai Zhe found a new way to recover in this way.

And to get rid of this twisted product of the will of the universe is far more complicated than to eliminate a person who does all evil.

The reason why Wang Ling is cautious is to ensure that the next time Bai Zhe is destroyed by himself, he will disappear completely and forever. He will never appear in front of him again.

Let's do it step by step.

Wang Ling murmured to himself.

The top priority now is still to deal with the upcoming geocentric plan.

Although the superiors have not announced the list information to the outside world, Wang Ling has received an internal document from Zhuo Yi.

After comprehensive consideration by Jiutian Jingmiyuan Teng Luchen and Huaxiu Alliance’s recommendation opinions.

A total of fourteen elite high school student delegations from Huaxiu State are proposed to participate in the Earth Center Project:

Su Xingyue, representative of Shengke Elite

Li Changzhe, elite representative of Beijing Number 8 High School

Zhang Linyan, the elite representative of Emperor Shi Tianzhong

Yi Zhiyang, Gong Xuan, elite representatives of Jian Shen College

Gao Tianming, the elite representative of Fu Mo Number 1 High School

Elite representatives from Number 60 High School in Songhai City Sun Rong, Jiugong Liangzi, Chen Chao, Guo Hao, Fang Xing, Wang Zhen, Liu Qingyi and Wang Ling...

To be honest, this list. Wang Ling is not too surprising.

The only surprising thing is that I didn't expect Yi Zhiyang to join...

And I joined even though I knew that Sun Rong would also come to participate.

Wang Ling knows that since the last battle at Jiulong Mountain, Yi Zhiyang has not yet fully mastered Sun Rong's ptsd.

Come and participate directly. Will it affect your performance?

All in all. This is basically the confirmed list.

The original list except Number 60 High School. Other schools were not included in the round. Because Qu Shuling exposed his dark side during the trial in the spirit world, the number of places in Shengke was greatly reduced. In the end, only the remaining I hired Su Xingyue to join the group as an elite representative.

As for myself...

Although Wang Ling has successively promoted Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan, the two Crouching Dragon Fengchus, in the spiritual world trials. Let them shine like the sun, making their own sense of existence and overall performance very ordinary.

But he still appeared on the list in the end. It is said that Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan personally called his name when they asked Teng Luchen for his opinion.

He said that if I didn’t take him with me, I would feel uneasy.

As for Teng Luchen... Although he was full of doubts about Wang Ling at the beginning, he now follows the trend and directly regards Wang Ling as a mascot.

After all, there are so many student representatives from Number 60 High School participating. Every time Number 60 High School wins an award, it is because of the mascot Wang Ling.

So Wang Ling is not there. How?

Teng Luchen thought about it for a while, and finally chose Wang Ling.

At first, he felt that Wang Ling had a powerful mysterious power. He originally thought that Wang Ling was hiding his strength.

But after the spirit world trial, Teng Luchen felt that he had completely understood.

Wang Ling has a positive and uplifting force of unity!

How long have Li Changzhe and Zhang Linyan known him? Students who had no contact with him before recommended Wang Ling to him one after another... Doesn't this just show that this little mascot can unite people!

So. When Wang Ling figured out what Teng Luchen really thought about him, his whole mind fell into a brief blank.

never mind...

It doesn't matter what the old man thinks.

As long as the old man is happy...

But at the same time Wang Ling also noticed the problem.

That is the delegation from Number 60 High School this time. Although there are also three "fishing in troubled waters" such as Wang Zhen, Fang Xing, and Liu Qingyi. They are monsters that can easily make the battle situation directly unbalanced.

But the realms of Chen Chao and Guo Hao have always been stuck at the peak of the late Foundation Building and have not moved.

Sun Rong is already strong enough. But in fact, it is only with the blessing of nine-core Aohai. Its own state has also stayed at the peak of the late Foundation Building for a long time due to various reasons.

As the three people I know best at Number 60 High School.

Wang Ling feels that it is necessary to help before the geocentric project begins.

Let them collectively break through the late peak of Foundation Building. Enter the Golden Core...





Chapter 2005 2 in 1. The troops are divided into 2 groups


According to the current form of plan layout. Wang Ling accountant divides it into two steps.

The first is to ask Zhuo Yi to ask for leave from Number 60 High School. Everyone from Number 60 High School who participated in this plan in the name of a special training camp before the Earth Center Project was summoned.

Of course. The main purpose is to help Sun Rong, Chen Chao, and Guo Hao complete the breakthrough to the peak state of Foundation Building in the later stage before the plan.

The rest of them are just sparring partners. After all, Fang Xing, Wang Zhen, and Liu Qingyi are also part of this plan. It would be strange if they weren't called out.

As for Jiugong Liangzi, she has already broken through the late stage of Foundation Building and reached the Golden Core level. For Jiugong Liangzi, this training camp is actually equivalent to a secret date with Zhuo Yi.

The second step. Wang Ling is to ask Lord Diu Lei to investigate the records of all the meteorites that crashed into the earth before and after Bai Zhe transformed into the Moonlight Dragon, and to investigate them as much as possible to ensure that There are no weird things falling on the earth.

There is no doubt that this is a huge investigation project. Because there are tens of thousands of various meteorites falling on the earth every year. The key is that the coordinates and locations of these meteorites fall all over the world. We really need to track and lock them all. I need help from the Academy of Cultivation Sciences to provide detailed data records.

Therefore, although this work was led by Lord Diu Lei, in fact the cooperation between Wang Ming and Shou Chong was also essential.

"Brother Ling, don't worry. Your concern is completely correct. I will do my best to investigate this matter! And Brother Xiao Yin can also help with this matter." Lord Diu Lei quickly sent Wang Ling information.

Wang Ling almost forgot that Xiao Yin is a divine beast that evolved from a holy beast. The holy beast blood in its body has a stronger danger perception ability than ordinary spiritual beasts. It is a ready-made human flesh detector. .

"Yeah." Wang Ling nodded. Then he replied with only one word, as always, sparing every word.

It is almost impossible to investigate all the meteorites that fell within one to two years in a short period of time.

But this matter can only be realized if it is handed over to Lord Diu Lei, who is now the head of the Office of Strategic Deception.

After all, as the first True Venerated Immortal on earth. In addition, the Office of Strategic Deception's growing international influence. Even if the meteorite falls into the borders of other cultivating countries, Lord Diu Lei must still have a way to track it.

For Senior Suicide, who is already very adventurous, this meteorite investigation is not so much a test as it is an extremely enjoyable practice activity for him.

Of course, this matter is also very expensive. But with the current background of the Office of Strategic Deception, it is completely affordable.

Just say Wang Ling. Lord Diu Lei will do it without hesitation.

And some money has to be burned. Compared with worldly money, the safety of cultivators on the entire earth is the most critical.

In fact, Wang Ling also started thinking after hearing about the meteorite mentioned by Dai Tianchun.

Are these meteorites carrying private goods arranged by Bai Zhe?

Wang Ling feels that since Bai Zhe can think of this, can other extraterrestrial civilizations who have ideas about the earth also think of this?

This made Wang Ling couldn't help but be a little cautious.

As for the universe, the aloofness and arrogance of advanced civilizations have always existed. In the eyes of those advanced civilizations, the level of civilization on the earth may be just an anthill built by a group of bugs.

Although Wang Ling has sealed Cosmic Embryo in the King's Eyes. He also used "Eye Pupil Number 03: Re-engraved True Spiritual Eye" to simulate Cosmic Embryo's signal and sneak into the palace of the Saints quietly.

But Wang Ling always has a feeling.

That is, the earth's cultivation civilization was very likely to have been observed a long time ago...

But what is the specific situation? We only need to wait for Lord Diu Lei to clarify all the results of this year's investigation. Maybe we can draw a conclusion.

Wang Ling sighed inwardly.

He found that he seemed to be in trouble ever since he entered Number 60 High School. This day has not stopped for a few days...

Obviously I came to school, but as a result, I immediately started to safeguard the peace of the earth.

This generation of cultivators is really not good enough.

There are few who are capable. There are even fewer who are strong...

Wang Ling feels that he should really train more talents. Otherwise, when he gets old, his retirement life will not be stable.

You can't let him maintain the peace of the universe for the rest of his life, right?

He still has to leave time to eat crispy noodles...

...

Monday, January 20th. There are still 11 days until the Earth Center Project begins.

In 11 days, we have to help Sun Rong, Chen Chao, and Guo Hao break through to the late peak of Foundation Building one after another. According to the basic training outline, this is completely impossible.

Even with the help of the best heavenly materials and earthly treasures, it is not that easy.

Of course. If Wang Ling directly goes to do psychic infusion to increase the strength, a few people can achieve an instant breakthrough.

But this will affect the foundation of the future to a certain extent.

And in fact, Wang Ling is not sure. If he infuses it, maybe Sun Rong, Chen Chao, Guo Hao and others will directly become the True Immortal state...

The True Immortal Realm of a high school student. The news of this incident is enough to subvert the entire world of cultivation. This period of history will be recorded directly in the annals of history.

So after careful consideration, Wang Ling decided that it would be most appropriate to let them break through through their own efforts.

Wang Ling knew that Zhuo Yi would ask for leave. So he didn’t go to class that morning. Instead, he went directly to the Office of Strategic Deception. The secret leading to the Secret Realm of Cultivation and the Mountain of Retrospection. Entrance.

Here. Sun Rong once conducted a sword test. Even Er Ha and Xiao Yin were promoted to divine beasts here.

Because there is a time flow rate difference, 11 days in the real world is completely enough.

Even after Chen Chao and the others broke through the Golden Core, they realized that not long had passed at all.

And Wang Ling came here first. In fact, it was also a further transformation of the Mountain of Retrospection.

After all, the Mountain of Retrospection also contains the energy of chaos. If it is used directly to be used by low-level cultivators for Tribulation Transcendence breakthrough, there will inevitably be some risks.

So this time. Wang Ling added intelligent realm matching settings to the Mountain of Retrospection.

That is to say, set up the compiled formation at the entrance. Then the Mountain of Retrospection will scan everyone who enters the formation. After identifying the realm, it will match the most suitable training environment.

In addition. Wang Ling also adds a multi-layer space mechanism.

Or through the arranged identification array. Everyone who enters the Mountain of Retrospection will be automatically assigned to a completely independent space to avoid mutual interference.

That should be enough...

After setting up everything. Wang Ling Gujing looked at the holy land of cultivation that he had created with his own hands.

This mountain of retrospect, according to the current stage, is definitely a mysterious and mysterious realm that is enough to shock the cultivators of the world.

If there is such a secret entrance inside the Office of Strategic Deception and it is exposed, I am afraid that it will detonate the whole world in an instant.

So Wang Ling specially added a forgetting mechanism at the entrance this time.

Except for those on the designated whitelist, all those who leave the Mountain of Retrospection after completing their cultivation will forget the existence of the Mountain of Retrospection...

This article is specially prepared for Chen Chao, Guo Hao and the master they are about to bring.

Cang Long and Liu Yong are not very familiar with Wang Ling. If the secret realm is exposed, it will cause big trouble.

So we have to guard against it.

But when writing the whitelist.

Wang Ying discovered that Wang Ling had written the names of most of the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception.

And this also includes Sun Rong...

...

Number 60 High School Academic Affairs Office.

Zhuo Yi is requesting leave from training for everyone involved in the Earth Center Project.

In terms of process, this requires the designated student's class teacher to fill out a form. First, go to the school department to apply.

It is then forwarded to the Academic Affairs Guidance Office through the academic department. Finally, it must be signed by both deans before it is approved.

And each of these two people is Mr. Wang Zukang, who is nicknamed Mr. Wang Zukang.

The other person is the newly arrived dean of the Coordination Department, You Yueqing.

Because Zhuo Yi also received a special approval letter from the vice-principal of Monk Jin Deng. Therefore, the process was directly simplified. All you need to do is get the signature of either of the two deans.

"This time, General Administration Zhuo will personally lead the team. Of course we are absolutely at ease. Moreover, this is bringing glory to the school and even more to the country. I have no reason to refuse this training. Those children in the elite class are already very good."

"Director Wang deserves the award. This is all what I can do." Zhuo Yi responded politely.

In fact, he is the head of a hundred schools. He can make the decision even without going through the process of Number 60 High School. But after all, this is his alma mater. Zhuo Yi still gives enough respect to all the teachers here.

You can't just show off your power when you have some skills. This is not Zhuo Yi's temperament.

In any situation, one must be humble enough.

"In addition, this is my plan. Please take a look at it." He said. Zhuo Yi took out a piece of thick material from the storage ring and put his hands on the desk.

"You are interested. General Administration Zhuo."

Mr. Wang Zukang saw that Zhuo Yi had even prepared the training plan. Such detailed preparations. Only this old senior who also came from the 60th School could do such thorough preparations.

Because Zhuo Yi was originally an alumnus of Number 60 High School. In addition, Zhuo Yi is now the General Administration of Hundred Schools in Songhai City. Mr. Wang Zukang is of course assured.

Besides, the place chosen for training this time is still within the Office of Strategic Deception...

This is the most popular super sect among cultivators in the world right now. How many people want to enter the Office of Strategic Deception and become an inner disciple. But as a result, the youth training process is too much and they are immediately dismissed.

Therefore, in the view of Mr. Wang Zukang, this intensive training is also an opportunity to expand his horizons.

If Zhuo Yi hadn't been connected to the Office of Strategic Deception, most people wouldn't have had the opportunity to observe the Office of Strategic Deception at such a close distance, or even have the opportunity to practice internally.

"I definitely have no objection here. I wonder if Director You has any other suggestions?"

At this time, Mr. Wang Zukang suddenly turned his attention to You Yueqing.

Zhuo Yi saw You Yueqing seemingly in a daze.

In fact, he discovered it when he just entered the office and asked for a signature.

You Yueqing was staring at the list and lost in thought.

Because Zhuo Yi and You Yueqing actually know each other. And Zhuo Yi also clearly knows that You Yueqing and Wang Ling actually knew each other when they were very young.

At the beginning, he was worried about whether You Yueqing was really here for his master... But now after getting in touch with him, he found that the relationship between You Yueqing and Wang Ling was just a pure friendship. . Not mixed with any sublimated emotions.

In other words, You Yueqing's purpose of entering Number 60 High School as the teaching director of the Coordination Department was not for Wang Ling.

But someone else on this list...

But who is it?

As far as the timeline is concerned, it's impossible for Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi. After all, they don't have much interaction with You Yueqing.

Among the remaining people, there are only three who have doubts.

One Chen Chao, one Guo Hao...and the rest is Fang Xingxing...

"No. It's okay...I'm fine! And I think General Administration Zhuo's plan is also very good! Although it only requires a signature, I think I still have to sign it. I have to support the children's training!" When asked by Mr. Wang Zukang, You Yueqing said as if she was possessed by her soul.

"Then thank you for your guidance..." Zhuo Yi bowed. In fact, he was smiling bitterly in his heart.

Obviously You Yueqing is a child herself...

However, You Yueqing's strength is indeed unfathomable. It stands to reason that at this age, it would be impossible for him to reach such a state if there was no inheritance.

Anyway, Zhuo Yi will keep this in mind for now.

His main suspects were Chen Chao, Guo Hao and Fang Xing.

If You Yueqing had a relationship with one of these three people in the past, then according to common sense, some of these three people should have met You Yueqing when they were very young.

Otherwise, there is no way to attract this young and beautiful female Taoist priest. He didn’t care about anything. He even gave up his work in the Taoist temple and went straight to Number 60 High School.

Emotions are really blinding things...

Zhuo Yi sighed in his heart.

At the same time, he was secretly happy.

For Chen Chao and Guo Hao, this training camp is a difficult training. But for Zhuo Yi, it is a travel and honeymoon with Jiugong Liangzi!

After getting the approval, Zhuo Yi personally drove a bus directly to the gate of Number 60 High School and waited for the head teachers of each class to notify the students to come out.

As for Wang Ling, in order not to leak any clues, he had already been waiting obediently in the bus wearing his school uniform.

Externally, it was said that I was late for school because the line was down on the way to school. Then I happened to meet Zhuo Yi and got in the car directly.

Wang Ling sat at the very back of the bus with a straight face. Not long after, he heard Chen Chao’s carefree shouting in the distance.

"Everyone, get in the car quickly!" From the driver's seat, Zhuo Yi's right hand was firmly on the joystick. He looked at the people gathered here with a smile.

To be honest, Jiugong Liangzi was actually a little embarrassed in such an occasion.

After all, neither Chen Chao nor Guo Hao knew about his relationship with Zhuo Yi.

There were outsiders, so she had no choice but to carry herself. When she saw Zhuo Yi, she immediately snorted softly and walked towards the back of the bus.

This attitude made Zhuo Yi slightly unhappy. Although he knew that Jiugong Liangzi was pretending, he still couldn't help teasing Jiugong.

Seeing Jiugong Liangzi passing by him without looking back. Zhuo Yi immediately started laughing: "Jiugong's temper really hasn't changed at all. If you have a boyfriend in the future, your boyfriend must not be fooled by you. Scared to death."

"..." Jiugong Liangzi's face turned red. He didn't expect that Zhuo Yi would actually attack at this time.

How can it be repaired! This disgusting old liar!

Let's see how she deals with him later when everyone is gone!





Chapter 2006 2 in 1. Office of Strategic Deception training daily life


Wang Ling thought about it carefully in the car. The last time I took a school exclusive bus like this with a group of people I was familiar with was...

Uh... that time was actually when we held a spirit sword exchange meeting with Number 59 High School.

In the blink of an eye, this semester has expired.

The Immortal King has been serialized for four years. The animation has already aired its second season. And the third season will be announced soon. The original work is still a single guy. In the extra story, the children are almost spoiled. In the main film, even high school students Didn't graduate.

So on the Office of Strategic Deception bus leading to the Office of Strategic Deception headquarters. Wang Ling temporarily closed his eyes gently. Fortunately, he has adapted to this rhythm of life. Anyway, judging from the current progress . Unless the handwriting speed of this stupid original can reach the level of tens of thousands of words a day. Otherwise, I am afraid it will be a long time before he "retires".

At noon, they arrived at the Office of Strategic Deception headquarters on time.

Wang Ling last came to the Office of Strategic Deception. I can’t remember when it was.

Today, the construction of the Office of Strategic Deception has begun to take shape. As the largest sect in the world today, the magnanimity of the main entrance of the Office of Strategic Deception is extraordinary.

The towering cloud building seems to reach straight into the sky. There are two huge words "Office of Strategic Deception" engraved on it in ancient language. It is only close to the mountain gate. The astonishing aura inside the entire Office of Strategic Deception has already hit your face.

Only Chen Chao and Guo Hao were left in the audience. They looked like children who had just arrived from the village and had never seen much of the world. They opened their mouths and kept saying wows.

It's not like they haven't been to the Office of Strategic Deception. After all, they just went to the Office of Strategic Deception Internet cafe not long ago. However, that time it was Sun Rong who brought them in with a teleportation charm. It was also in the Office of Strategic Deception Internet cafe. I wandered around for a while. And in the end, due to time constraints, I wasn't able to get a feel for the overall appearance of the Office of Strategic Deception.

Now that I can see it with my own eyes, the shocking feeling is almost vivid.

It can only be said that the Office of Strategic Deception is worthy of being the largest sect in the world. It is surrounded by mountains. Every immortal peak is covered with a giant spiritual gathering array. Together with the high-quality underground spiritual veins of the Office of Strategic Deception, you don’t even have to go there. What secret realm of cultivation? The entire Office of Strategic Deception sect is an excellent holy land for cultivation.

Of course. As a modern sect, the training venue of the Office of Strategic Deception is also very luxurious. Now it is backed by the major shareholder Huaxiu Alliance. All the magic circles and equipment are constantly updated with the advancement of modern cultivation technology.

Even Wang Ling always feels strange every time I come here. I always feel that the Office of Strategic Deception has become more majestic and grander than before.

This is a secret training. So when Zhuo Yi's exclusive bus arrived at the gate of the Office of Strategic Deception, the disciples guarding here had already been transferred. Instead, mechanical levitation eyes for reconnaissance and defense were used. To protect.

This is what Zhuo Yi mentioned to Keorn specifically for safety reasons. After all, people talk a lot. Nothing is more reliable than a robot. At that time, they only need to delete the entry and exit records of this training session from the eyes of the machine. That is It's something that God doesn't know and ghosts don't know.

Zhuo Yi positioned the bus and drove slowly along the pre-booked main road. There were no Office of Strategic Deception disciples on the road. The incoming roads were all cleared like the entrance to the mountain.

Chen Chao and Guo Hao opened the car windows. Along the mountain road, they saw clearly the majestic True Venerated Immortal hall surrounded by the pioneers.

"That's Lord Diu Lei's True Venerated Immortal Hall..." Chen Chao opened his mouth. His face was full of surprise and admiration. He had only seen it in the news before. He didn't expect that the real building is far better than the video image. What was captured here is even more shocking.

At this time, in the main square in front of the True Venerated Immortal Hall, many disciples of the Office of Strategic Deception gathered here. These are the inner disciples of the elite of the Office of Strategic Deception. All of them possess the lowest level of the Nascent Soul stage.

At this time, under the scorching sun, everyone gathered here to sit cross-legged and breathe out. Under the scorching sun, their clothes were fluttering. Their expressions were peaceful. No one moved their body, and there was not a trace of sweat on their cheeks. fall.

Everyone seems to be completely in trance and is breathing out spiritual energy week after week.

Exercise your mind every day. It is almost a compulsory course for these inner disciples of Nascent Soul.

Hundreds of Nascent Souls were meditating at the same time. This scene was really shocking. Only the Office of Strategic Deception could see this scene.

The key is. These hundreds of inner disciples at the Nascent Soul stage are just a small department of the Office of Strategic Deception.

Today, the Office of Strategic Deception has many disciples. True disciples are not rare. The total number of internal and external disciples recruited alone is twenty to thirty thousand.

And all of them are carefully selected elites. They are talented people who are selected from the best.

They practice hard in the Office of Strategic Deception. If they succeed in their studies and then leave the Office of Strategic Deception, they will become very outstanding teachers in the cultivation world. They will be popular wherever they go.

Being a disciple of the Office of Strategic Deception is no different from gold plating to people in the current world of cultivation.

To put it bluntly, it is because the Office of Strategic Deception is bound to the Huaxiu Alliance. The experience of practicing cultivation after entering the Office of Strategic Deception has actually become an important consideration criterion for civil servants in the education industry in the cultivation world.

For people who have high self-esteem, if they are just outer disciples, that is still far from enough.

Someone on the Internet previously compiled a gold-plated comparison table.

Outer disciples who have graduated from the Office of Strategic Deception. You can choose from junior high schools and high schools in Huaxiu. Once you join the job, you will become a gold medal teacher.

Inner disciples who have graduated from the Office of Strategic Deception can choose from any high school in Huaxiu and apply for the position of dean.

As for true disciples from the Office of Strategic Deception, in addition to the above two-level job application requirements, you can also consider becoming a university teacher. You will immediately enjoy the standard of S-level gold medal lecturer after entering the school. If you can complete an article during your employment period Cultivation academic papers rated A-level or above can also directly obtain the professional title of associate professor.

As for the more rare level of office of strategic deception, you can even directly run for the position of dean and vice president of a university.

So why are so many people trying to get into the Office of Strategic Deception?

In fact, I still want to gild my future status as a civil servant.

The bus continued to drive forward. Zhuo Yi deliberately slowed down the speed. It also wanted to introduce the Office of Strategic Deception to the two students on the bus who did not know much about it before reaching the entrance to the secret realm of the Mountain of Retrospection. Daily practice of Office of Strategic Deception.

When passing by an eggshell-shaped glass training hall, Zhuo Yi pressed a button. The small TV mounted on the top of the bus was immediately put down. The scene in the training hall was simultaneously played: "This eggshell-shaped glass training hall The Glass Training Hall. It's the Office of Strategic Deception's spell-throwing training hall."

Chen Chao and Guo Hao then saw that all the Office of Strategic Deception disciples in the training hall were wearing thick goggles and performing spell-throwing movements in a uniform manner.

"Zhuo Yi Senior. These glasses are not ordinary goggles, right?" Chen Chao asked.

"Xuedi Chen is right. These are combat training goggles specially used for spell throwing. These goggles can simulate the spiritual power of the wearer, thus forming a virtual spell effect. Combined with the target in front, daily tasks can be completed. Spell throwing training."

Zhuo Yi explained: "In fact, it is just like playing a virtual game. In this way, it can also be used to train the accuracy of throwing spells. And there is no need to worry about excessive spiritual power loss. The most important thing is. No There will be damage to buildings and contamination issues caused by smoke from spell explosions."

"That's it." Chen Chao and Guo Hao nodded. They have gained a lot of experience. After all, they are super sects. These training methods are completely different. They are full of the high-tech sense of cultivation technology.

They sighed with emotion all the way, admiring the beautiful scenery of the sect along the Office of Strategic Deception and watching Zhuo Yi play the synchronized training scenes inside each combat training hall on the small TV.

For a moment, Chen Chao and Guo Hao felt like country people. It felt like they were seeing high-end cultivation technology for the first time.

You must know that the Songhai City where they live has long been home to cultivation technology. It is known as the metropolis with the most modern technology!

Now when they came to the Office of Strategic Deception, the two of them immediately felt the importance of learning. It was because their knowledge was not broad enough. That's why they screamed after seeing these things... I really want to talk about it. . The two of them even felt a little bit embarrassed.

"That's not right. Why do I suddenly feel that we are the only ones who have never seen the world... How can you be so calm and composed? Have you been to the Office of Strategic Deception before?" Suddenly Guo Hao reacted. Somewhat. He looked at the people in the car strangely.

Until now, Chen Chao and Guo Hao have not realized that the classmates sitting in the car at this moment all hold important positions in the Office of Strategic Deception. Except for Jiugong Liangzi, almost everyone in the car is an Office of Strategic Deception. Core members.

Guo Hao's words woke up everyone immediately. Sun Rong said with a smile without losing embarrassment: "This is the first time for everyone to see such a powerful sect facility. So we were all stunned. ?Actually, I have been wanting to ask Senior Zhuo a question just now. Where can I buy peripheral products of Office of Strategic Deception?"

"Sun Rong is a good question." Zhuo Yi nodded. He knew that Sun Rong was deliberately helping to change the subject. He quickly added: "As we all know, the Office of Strategic Deception is the most The famous peripheral product is Heavenly Dao broccoli produced by Office of Strategic Deception! Heavenly Dao broccoli is hard to find in the market now! But everyone is in luck today!"

Saying that, Zhuo Yi quickly switched the channel on the small TV. It switched to the internal live broadcast on the Office of Strategic Deception TV Tower: "As you can see, this live broadcast room is an internal employee live broadcast room! Everything for sale is It is an exclusive benefit for employees! Today, the master of the Office of Strategic Deception knew that everyone was coming, so he specially prepared a program! Heavenly Dao broccoli for employees priced at 9,999 yuan per piece! You can enjoy it in this live broadcast room today Buy it!"

"Is this too expensive?" Jiugong Liangzi asked very cooperatively.

"This is already an employee price that is 50% cheaper than the market price! But it doesn't matter. Since Jiugong said so, I will definitely get the best price for everyone! Let me see it this way...ten yuan a piece!"

"Ten yuan!" Jiugong Liangzi exclaimed: "Boss, you will lose money if you do this!"

"No matter. Today I want to sell it to my dearest juniors and juniors for ten yuan! Come on! I will upload the link now!"

"..." Wang Ling.

This little episode directly enlivened the atmosphere in the car a lot.

Chen Chao and Guo Hao really made money this time. They scanned the code excitedly. Each of them bought ten pieces of Heavenly Dao broccoli for 100 yuan.

However, Wang Ling also noticed that Chen Chao seemed to be looking at him intentionally or unintentionally during the scanning process.

"Hey. You said Wang Ling. Apart from dry noodles that can excite him...what else can excite him?" Chen Chao stared at Wang Ling's usual calm expression and smiled bitterly.

"He hasn't always been like this. He only has a few lines. I thought you were used to it."

"That's right." Chen Chao nodded. He clicked his cell phone and said, "Just seeing your child being so calm, I had a bold idea for a moment."

"What's your idea?"

"His calmness gives me a feeling...as if he runs the Office of Strategic Deception. He is the boss behind the scenes."

Wang Ling: "..."

The rest of the crowd: "..."

...

On the other side. Inside Qu Shuling's student apartment.

He has been locked in the student apartment for three full days.

But the one on his hand didn't have dragon scales. He was still debating whether to swallow it or not.

At this time, after being immersed for a long time, Qu Shuling heard the commotion of several spiritual guards at the door. Qu Shuling realized that it must be his teacher Dai Tianchun.

Although he had sensed that Dai Tianchun was coming, Qu Shuling didn't know why he always felt that Dai Tianchun today seemed a little different from the teacher he knew in the past.

Even during this visit, the spiritual guards at the door no longer felt as nervous as when they first met Dai Tianchun.

Qu Shuling was locked up in the apartment. He had no idea what was happening outside, let alone what happened to Dai Tianchun.

But at this moment, he clearly heard the laughter of his teacher Dai Tianchun and the group of spiritual guards at the door...

This laughter made Qu Shuling's cheeks shed a drop of cold sweat.

My own teacher. What happened?

When Dai Tianchun came in successfully carrying the lunch box, Qu Shuling was even more horrified when he saw Dai Tianchun. Because he found that his teacher had not only shaved his hair into a crew cut, but also the mighty lion beard from before. Smoothed out.

"Teacher, what are you doing..." Qu Shuling stood up on the spot and stared at Dai Tianchun's new look. His eyes widened in astonishment.

"Let's eat first." Dai Tianchun chuckled and put down the lunch box as before: "Humans always have to experience new looks. I have had my hair style and beard style for thousands of years. After shaving, Everyone says I have become much more energetic."

"Indeed... very energetic..." Qu Shuling was speechless. He didn't know what to say to describe his mood at this moment.

"Really? That's good. I'm just afraid that you might not be used to reading Shu Ling." Dai Tianchun said with a smile.

"But it's really a bit surprising. "

As Qu Shuling spoke, he opened the lunch box and began to look at each dish inside carefully.

He stirred each dish with his chopsticks, as if he was searching for something in it.

"This time I came, I just brought you some food. There is nothing else in it. You don't have to look for it." Dai Tianchun said.

"Teacher, what happened?" Qu Shuling was confused.

"It's nothing. I came here this time to tell you that our place in Shengke University has been saved. Although only Xiao Su went there, I think it's enough." Dai Tianchun said: "In addition, I also have a relationship with Jingmi Academy. We have reached a settlement agreement, which will allow you to leave the confinement of the apartment. In addition, Jingmi Institute will also suspend the investigation against you."

"Then...what's the price?" Qu Shuling's expression darkened.

"The price is that you must go abroad to participate in the peacekeeping mission of the International United Cultivators Association for a period of one year." Dai Tianchun said, looking at Qu Shuling's face full of disbelief.





Chapter 2007 2 in 1. Snatch Qu Shuling


Dai Tianchun's words made Qu Shuling take a few steps back. The expression on his face was a bit incredulous. He looked at the familiar yet unfamiliar man in front of him. Even his voice trembled for a moment: "Teacher...what exactly? What happened? I feel like you've changed... You told me earlier. To fight! Don't give up easily..."

"Shu Ling, you misunderstood. I don't want you to give up. It's the same struggle. It's just a different path."

Dai Tianchun said: "Don't forget. As long as you don't enter the cultivation court, no one can judge you guilty. After the peacekeeping mission is completed this year, you will still be the genius respected by the world. Aren't you."

"..." Qu Shuling remained silent for a long time.

Even though Dai Tianchun refused to admit it, Qu Shuling could clearly feel that Dai Tianchun had really changed. He was no longer the ruthless, sinister, and vindictive teacher he knew before.

The original Dai Tianchun was more like a big cat with its hair being combed upside down. The hair was always in a state of exploding. But now, after trimming his hair and beard, Dai Tianchun feels that his temper has become much gentler.

It's like a cat that is enjoying the caress of its owner and has smoothed its fur.

The peacekeeping mission is one of the most dangerous jobs in the world...even though it only lasts for one year. In Qu Shuling's eyes, this is just an incident against him. It is just exile and punishment without any legal judgment.

Although he considers himself to be very strong, the various unknown risks encountered in international peacekeeping missions are definitely not something he can contend with on his own.

The tasks he will face may include cleaning up the activation of the abnormal secret realm caused by the disorder of space. In order to maintain the stability of the space, peacekeeping troops must go deep into the secret realm, close the abnormal entrance, and then find a way to return to reality from the secret realm. world.

In most cases, very few people can successfully return to the real world. This means that as long as this happens, most people will face the end of sacrifice.

Qu Shuling believed that he was not afraid of death, but after all, he did not want to dedicate his young and precious life to a place like this, to people who had nothing to do with him.

Since he was a child, his parents are gone, and no one has ever cared about him or disciplined him. Why should he learn to care about others? Even pay the price of his life for those who insult him?

Of course, the job of clearing the entrance to the abnormal secret realm is only one of the most dangerous tasks among international peacekeeping missions.

In addition, it also discourages local cultivator troops from rioting, prevents illegal cross-border infiltration, cracks down on terrorist organizations that have an impact on the cultivator world around the world, and supports the infrastructure construction of poor cultivator countries. Wait a minute!

These tasks made Qu Shuling feel incompatible with his personality and completely unacceptable to him.

"Teacher, what if I said, I don't want to go." Qu Shuling lowered his head and said to Dai Tianchun.

"You have no other choice, Shu Ling. This is the best choice that the teacher has won for you. When the peacekeeping mission is completed, you can still return to Shengke. Continue to serve as the president of your student union. Become the star student that Shengke advertises to the outside world. .And this international peacekeeping mission. It will also help repair your current image on the Internet."

It was rare for Dai Tianchun to persuade Qu Shuling with sincerity. He patted Qu Shuling's shoulder and said, "Don't worry. There is an old comrade in the international peacekeeping force whom the teacher knows. You will not face any danger if you follow him. .Besides, even if you go, you are a new recruit and you are young. Everyone will rush to do those life-threatening tasks and will not let you take risks."

"I'm not afraid of death, teacher!"

These words seemed to have touched Qu Shuling's sore spot, causing his eyes to turn red all of a sudden: "I just... don't want to do things for those who have nothing to do with me! I thought you would understand me. ...teacher!"

"Shu Ling. You need to calm down now."

Dai Tianchun sighed and said: "You have a whole week to think about this matter. If you don't agree, the teacher will have to take tough measures. In addition, the thing the teacher gave you last time, I hope you can Give him back to me."

"That dragon scale?"

"That was just a trick the teacher made on you. I just wanted to give you a gift to make you feel better. There are no dragon scales anywhere in this world. It was just a fragment that the teacher extracted from a meteorite. I wanted to give it as a gift. You make you feel better."

Dai Tianchun pretended to smile casually and said: "But, the teacher recently discovered that this fragment contains an unknown radiation. Although it is not clear what effect it has on the human body, for the sake of safety, I think it is better to recycle it first. "

After saying that, Dai Tianchun stretched out his hand and asked Qu Shuling for it.

He thought that his tone was already very gentle. And if Qu Shuling could successfully hand over the dragon scale, he would also be able to breathe a sigh of relief.

Compare the dragon scales mixed in the meteorite. Dai Tianchun personally monitored the DNA sequence. It was a creature that had never appeared on the earth. According to the results of DNA sequence rehearsal with existing cultivation precision instruments.

The composition of a creature with this DNA sequence. It is most likely a black dragon with a single horn...

Dai Tianchun was extremely surprised by this discovery at that time. Crazy ideas suddenly appeared in his mind.

He pinched the dragon scale. The first person that came to his mind was Qu Shuling. And a voice told him. He must let Qu Shuling eat this dragon scale...

Now, after Dai Tianchun returned to normal, he suddenly felt scared.

Because that's not what he really thinks.

It was this strange dragon scale that was guiding his actions intentionally or unintentionally...

What kind of substance is that?

And who sent it to the earth?

Could it be a infiltration and invasion of the earth by extraterrestrial beings?

The more Dai Tianchun thought about all this, the more he became afraid.

Therefore, this time he came to find Qu Shuling.

Its real purpose is not just to propose an international peacekeeping mission. The most important thing is to recover this dragon scale into its own hands.

"I didn't expect that the legendary Mr. Dai, who is known as the God of Killing, would sometimes be afraid?"

However, just when Dai Tianchun thought that everything could proceed smoothly, a strange man's voice came from the door of the student apartment and was not from Lingwei.

"Who!"

Dai Tianchun was extremely frightened. This feeling of strong danger caused his spiritual pressure to burst out almost instantly.

"Buzz!"

An astonishing and majestic spiritual pressure plummeted, compressing the surrounding air infinitely.

However, this man was wearing a black gown, holding a wand on his back, arranging his head, wearing an eye patch, and a weird smile, and walked from the door with a relaxed look on his face.

At this time, Dai Tianchun felt a strong sense of threat.

He looked around and found that Qu Shuling's body and expression had frozen. The Ling Guard and Qu Shuling at the door were also in the same state.

The man walked in openly without any obstruction and relied on this strange method.

Is it time to stop?

No...

If it is a law-defying ability like time stopping, then he should also be imprisoned in time.

Therefore, Dai Tianchun judged that this should be a strong illusion.

Directly causing this effect that is very similar to time stopping.

As a top master, Dai Tianchun certainly knows clearly that at this moment, he may also be deeply trapped in this illusion.

It can also make him fall into illusion.

This man with a wand on his back and wearing a black gown. His identity is definitely not simple...

"Where are you from?" Dai Tianchun asked.

"I'm just a migrant worker enjoying the blessings. Mr. Dai."

The man with the wand on his back smiled: "I'm far less famous than Mr. Killer God. I'm just a nobody. Maybe you haven't even heard of my name. Others call me: Mingyue Ye."

Twenty-four Bridges on a moonlit night?

The first thing that came to Dai Tianchun's mind was this ancient poem.

However, he really didn't have much impression of this name. He just felt that it had a strong sense of strangeness.

Because he had heard of almost all the great illusionists who had a certain reputation in illusions around the world. But he had never heard of this man named Mingyue Ye.

Looking at Dai Tianchun's puzzled expression, Mingyue Ye couldn't help but smile and said, "I told you, Mr. Killer God. You can't have heard of my name. If there is anything else Mr. Dai wants to ask, you can ask him all. ."

"What force do you belong to? You're not a member of Tengu, are you?"

"Ha. Those weaklings like Tengu have been recruited by the Office of Strategic Deception a long time ago. I don't even bother to join." Ming Yueye gently tapped the huge red gem inlaid on the wand with her slender fingers like a woman: " Maybe this is another organization that Mr. Killer God has never heard of...because I come from prehistoric times."

"Indeed I haven't heard of it." Dai Tianchun frowned.

"After all, it has just been established not long ago. Even our young master is just a swaddled baby."

Mingyue Ye smiled: "Currently, we are still short of a lot of manpower. If Mr. Killer God is interested, you might as well consider joining us? Whether it is provident fund or social security, we will give Mr. Killer God the upper hand."

"Interesting. You are the first person who dares to directly make fun of me."

Dai Tianchun chuckled: "And this is the first time I've heard that the leader is a baby."

"The identity of our young master is not simple. Mr. Dai."

Mingyue Ye laughed: "Because our young master came from a meteorite."

These words immediately aroused Dai Tianchun's extreme vigilance.

His anti-world magic weapon, the Six-Element Spirit Armor, and the weird dragon scales also came from meteorites...

As a result, there is now another baby sent to Earth via a meteorite.

Dai Tianchun is almost certain that someone must be behind this.

This prehistoric...

Perhaps it will be the biggest threat in the future on earth!

"It seems that Mr. Dai knows something. But now it's all over. You should know what the purpose of my trip is."

Mingyue Ye held the magic wand in her hand and pointed at Qu Shuling: "This little guy is the one our young master likes. So, I am here to take him away. As for those stinky fish and shrimp spirit guards at the door. I'll tell you. Not interested at all. Killing them will only add trouble. It won't bring any splash...but Mr. Killer God is different. You have a good reputation. And you already know too many of our secrets."

"You want to take Shu Ling away? And the meaning of this is that you also want to kill me?"

Hearing what Mingyue Ye said, Dai Tianchun immediately raised his eyebrows. This person's strength was not simple. Dai Tianchun had noticed it just by testing it briefly with his spiritual pressure.

However, the other party threatened to kidnap Qu Shuling directly under his nose and kill him. This was a bit too exaggerated.

Even the most famous illusionist in the world, Dai Tianchun, has encountered him. He is just an unknown person. He actually wants to show off his power in front of him, the God of Death.

In his opinion, these so-called illusionists are just a bunch of magicians.

Pediatric trick!

To dispel the illusion, Dai Tianchun has his own method.

He immediately stamped his foot and snorted coldly. Without any wavering on his face, he directly pinched his left arm with his right hand. Then he pinched it hard and broke the bones of his right arm.

The severe pain almost made Dai Tianchun wake up immediately. There were beads of sweat on his forehead. At the moment when the illusion was lifted, Qu Shuling and the spiritual guards at the door were all lying on the ground.

Everything was as Dai Tianchun guessed. They had already fallen. It was just Mingyue Ye who used illusions to create this illusion that time stopped.

"The illusion has been solved. That's all." Dai Tianchun looked at the bright moonlit night. The expression on his face remained unchanged. He was running spiritual power in his hands, using magic to reconnect his broken bones.

This method of speeding up cell growth and repair through spiritual stimulation will reduce longevity to a certain extent. However, on the battlefield, this is indeed a necessary method for fighting a protracted war.

As the god of death, Dai Tianchun's proficiency in this spell is self-evident.

"As expected of Mr. Killer God. What a ruthless man."

Seeing this scene, even Mingyue Ye couldn't help but applaud Dai Tianchun: "This is through self-destruction, creating extreme pain to release the illusion, and then using the method of reconstruction to repair the injury. It is indeed amazing..."

"I have met countless great illusionists. Their methods are much better than yours." Dai Tianchun chuckled.

At this time, there was a surge of anger in his heart. The man in front of Ming Yue Ye was really laughing so hard that he deserved a beating. Therefore, he decided to capture Ming Yue Ye right here and then take him back for interrogation.

However, just when he was about to take action, Mingyueye's figure actually changed in an instant and appeared directly behind him like a ghost.

At the same moment, he was shocked to find that the spirit guards and Qu Shuling, who had been lying on the ground, stood up again, maintaining the frozen posture he first saw.

The illusion has not been lifted?

How is this possible!

The expression on Dai Tianchun's face was stunned. He couldn't believe his eyes at all.

"Unexpectedly, Mr. Killer God, the scene where you cut off your right arm to try to break the illusion was actually my illusion." At this time, Mingyue Ye's voice came from Dai Tianchun's ear.

Dai Tianchun could clearly feel that this hateful man was behind him. However, his body could not move.

The next second, there was a "puff" sound.

Dai Tianchun was shocked to find that the wand that Mingyue Ye had been holding in his hand had pierced his chest from behind and was constantly stirring in his body...





Chapter 2008 2 in 1. Immortal King’s Chess Game


This time, it was not Mingyue Ye's illusion. His scepter stirred inside Dai Tianchun's body, like a juicer turning the inside into a mess.

At the same time, the ruby on the wand is also emitting a heart-stopping red light, extracting all the spiritual energy from this body bit by bit.

This is a wand that can strengthen itself by absorbing the body of a strong person. It is also a serious chaos weapon. Mingyue Ye's own strength is actually not that strong. It is only the strength of Venerated Immortal.

However, the magic wand in his hand is the key factor that greatly increases his combat power. It is precisely because of the blessing of this magic wand that his illusions have extraordinary strength compared to other cultivators on the earth. .

Even the legendary God of Death, who has met many great illusionists, was kept in the dark.

"What is Crazy Dai? That's all..." After draining the last bit of Dai Tianchun's spiritual energy, he looked at the legendary god of death that had shriveled into a piece of skin. A sly smile appeared on Mingyue Ye's face. However, he could clearly feel his body. Not satisfied yet.

He also needs to absorb the spiritual energy of more powerful people to quickly expand his own realm, so as to better assist the growing young master of the wilderness.

Although the current young master is just a little baby, as a loyal servant, Mingyueye had secretly determined when she accompanied the prehistoric young master to the earth to establish the prehistoric age. Before the young master grew up, Let Honghuang become one of the most powerful power organizations on the earth...

After doing all this, Mingyueye didn't even clean up the scene. Instead, he directly picked up Qu Shuling, who had fainted on his side. He used his wand to draw a portal on the spot and disappeared without a trace.

As soon as Mingyue Ye left, a young man and a monk wearing white Hanfu also landed quickly with a golden light.

Looking at Dai Tianchun's tragic situation in front of them, the two of them looked at each other and frowned.

"The injury was too serious. Almost all the spiritual energy was sucked away. But the three souls and six souls are still there." Crispy Noodles Dao Lord squatted down and just put his hand on the remains of the human skin. . and made a judgment.

"Mr. Dai has suffered a lot." Monk Jin Deng sighed and said, "But after all, he lives up to the name of the God of Killing..."

After all, he was a strong man back then. A man who had experienced countless bloody battles all year round. Such a man's willpower was astonishing even when he was on the verge of death.

Under normal circumstances, Dai Tianchun would have been in a dead state at this moment. His brain and internal organs were all smashed into pieces.

However, for high-level cultivators, as long as the soul can be retained, there is still hope of resurrection.

"Ling the master is like a god. He had already predicted that Mr. Dai would be in this kind of disaster." Crispy Noodles Dao Lord didn't talk nonsense. A flash of inspiration came out from his hand. He directly used the "Great Healing Technique" to help Dai Tianchun recover this broken body. body.

At the same time, Monk Jin Deng also sacrificed the Buddha's fire from the past to stabilize Dai Tianchun's soul: "Before Daojun came to find the poor monk to act together, I already knew that this was Ling Zhenren's idea. The one who attacked Mr. Dai Man. Seems very confident."

"Well. Theoretically, Dai Tianchun is dead."

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord said: "So after we rescue him, we have to take him away."

"So, you want to hide him and then announce his death to the outside world?" Monk Jin Deng said.

"Not entirely. If you directly announce the death, it will make the person who did it suspicious. It should be more ambiguous."

"I understand, poor monk." The monk nodded: "For example, we can say to the outside world that Mr. Dai is practicing in seclusion. During the period of seclusion and practice, the principal affairs of Shengke will be replaced by someone else. In this case, the person who did it will be in trouble. More peace of mind. I think this is a movement blockade implemented by Huaxiu Alliance because they are worried about the turmoil caused by the exposure of this matter."

"That's right."

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord nodded: "And monk. You should be able to see it. Dai Tianchun's talent."

"Mr. Dai's talent is extraordinary compared to ordinary cultivators on earth.

If it were not for being bound by the {International True Immortal Convention}, I am afraid that I would have been able to cultivate to a height that frightens the world." Monk Jin Deng said with emotion: "And now, the upgrade of the earth is completed. The {International True Immortal Convention} has also been completed. Dismissed. It's a pity that Mr. Dai is old and has missed the best age for cultivation."

"So now we have to look for these talents who have rich experience on the battlefield, and we must do our best to protect them. Dai Tianchun is the person who is chosen by the Lord. He will be useful on the future battlefield."

"It turns out that Ling Zhenren wanted to train him..." At this moment, Monk Jin Deng completely understood.

Although Dai Tianchun has missed the best age for cultivation, as long as Wang Ling intervenes, everything will not be a problem.

The treatment for the two of them took less than two minutes. Dai Tianchun has returned to his original appearance.

But he was still in a coma. He had no idea what happened.

Monk Jin Deng reacted quickly and took the unconscious Dai Tianchun directly into the "Buddha Golden Lotus" and took him away.

"The person who did this is named Mingyue Ye. He has a chaos device in his hand. It can absorb the spiritual energy of powerful people and use it for his own use. He should be committing crimes frequently in the near future."

"I understand, poor monk. This person specializes in picking strong people to attack. To a certain extent, it saves us the time of selecting talents and making final preparations for the war."

"That's right."

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord stood up, put his hands behind his back, and sighed silently: "It's hard work, monk, you have been working overtime with me recently. And we rescue people. We must do it quickly. Because after all, not everyone is like Dai Tianchun. Amazing willpower."

...

On the other side, Zhuo Yi drove the Office of Strategic Deception's exclusive bus and gradually approached the secret entrance to the Mountain of Recall, their final holy land of cultivation.

At the entrance is a man-made forest created by the Office of Strategic Deception. There are real spiritual beasts breeding and living inside. Chen Chao, Guo Hao thought this was the training ground. As soon as they got off the car, they all showed excited expressions.

They didn't notice at all that just before getting off the bus, Wang Ling closed his eyes tightly. In fact, he was using his mental power to remotely command Crispy Noodles Dao Lord, the real clone he sent to rescue Dai Tianchun.

After learning that Dai Tianchun was successfully rescued, Wang Ling opened his eyes with relief.

Everything was as he suspected. Sure enough, someone had begun to infiltrate the earth. And that group of people was sent by Bai Zhe.

And Wang Ling is certain that it is not just Bai Zhi and his group. There must be other alien forces trying to infiltrate the earth.

It's just that Mingyue Ye's methods are obviously more powerful.

After all, he relies on people behind him. But the current leader of the Dragon Clan is Fenmu Shen, who inherited the Heavenly Dao tradition.

So Wang Ling just sent Crispy Noodles and the monk to save people. It didn't mean to directly kill the prehistoric man.

There is a saying that one mountain cannot accommodate two tigers.

If Mingyue Ye wants to develop the prehistoric world, rely on its own strength to win over the alien forces who have the same purpose and are trying to infiltrate the earth. This is the fastest and most convenient way.

It is impossible to raise tigers to cause trouble.

That moonlit night. Wang Ling didn't take it seriously at all.

It's just a pawn he used to gather those suspicious alien forces and then catch them all...

Fortunately, the work of Crispy Noodles and Monk is progressing smoothly. And the investigation of extraterrestrial meteorites by Lord Diu Lei is also improving. With these strong and capable friends helping together, this makes Wang Ling He is even more confident about controlling the future battle situation.

He got out of the car with his trouser pockets inserted, and pretended to have a calm expression. He always looked like he had not woken up. In Chen Chao's words, his sleepy look seemed to be the kind of tiredness that saved the galaxy in his previous life. .

If anyone who knows the true strength of Wang Ling hears this, they will definitely complain.

This pattern is still too small after all...

This is not saving the galaxy. It is basically saving the universe.

In order not to disturb the spiritual beasts living in the forest, the last section of the road leading to the Mountain of Recall needs to go through the forest.

This natural forest was artificially created by the Office of Strategic Deception. It is still not fully open. The main purpose of its original design was to hide the secret entrance to the Mountain of Recall.

Therefore, no one with a rank below the rank of Great Elder is eligible to enter the forest.

Therefore, this forest of the Office of Strategic Deception is also called the "Mysterious Forbidden Forest" by the disciples of the Office of Strategic Deception.

In the eyes of most Office of Strategic Deception disciples, the appearance of this mysterious forbidden forest is very strange. It seems as if it grew overnight and appeared directly in the Office of Strategic Deception.

In fact, that is just the means of the Zhenyuan Immortals. After all, the Zhenyuan Immortals have been creating a second planet suitable for human cultivators to live in. Although they are also attending Number 60 High School, at the same time, besides completing their homework every day after school In addition, I also continue to play the real version of Minecraft on Drought Star very carefully.

They are already very familiar with how to create a planet with natural ecology. Creating a forest is not a big deal for the people of Zhenyuan Immortal.

You can create easily by using the "Enhanced Version of the Star Movement Array" and the "All Things Growth Method" in the "Natural Technique" in Heavenly Dao.

However, in the eyes of regular earth cultivators, this is an incredible operation that is unimaginable.

Therefore, there are many legends about this "mysterious forbidden forest". Generally, they are only spread among the disciples of the sect...

But Wang Ling, Zhuo Yi, Sun Rong all discovered that they still underestimated a certain talent's gossip ability.

All I can say is that Guo Hao deserves to be called the PHS of Number 60 High School. He is also known as the intelligence leader.

"An uncle of mine is a disciple in the Office of Strategic Deception. I remember hearing him talk about this forest before." Just as everyone was walking through the forest path, Guo Hao suddenly said.

"You have so many uncles, Mr. Guo."

Fang Xing, who had been silent all this time, couldn't help it. He showed an awkward but polite smile: "But since your uncle is a disciple at the Office of Strategic Deception, why don't you invite you to the Office of Strategic Deception?"

"Hey. He is just an outer sect. The outer sect disciples have the strictest management. How can he bring his family members in at will?"

Guo Hao spread his hands. Then he completely ignored Fang Xing's deliberate interruption and continued, "I heard from my uncle and some disciples of the Office of Strategic Deception that this forest grew overnight... and with this Forest area. Using current cultivation spells combined with formations, it will take at least a week."

"Are you suspecting that there is a hidden master in the Office of Strategic Deception? Or?" Chen Chao asked with a huge sword on his back and touched his chin.

"That's wrong, Chao'er. You are too small. I think the purpose of building this forest is probably Lord Diu Lei's operation to hide his master." Guo Hao said with his hands on his hips.

"Lord Diu Lei's...master?"Sun Rong, Jiugong Liangzi and the two girls almost choked when they heard this.

"..." Wang Ling, Zhuo Yi trembled. Silent.

"As we all know, Lord Diu Lei is now the first person on earth to enter the realm of True Venerated Immortal! And this is before the earth has completed its upgrade. The {International Cultivation Convention} is still there. He has no master and no expert. Guidance. How is it possible?"

Guo Hao made a reasonable and sound analysis and said: "And you think about it. Lord Diu Lei was given the nickname Lord Diu Lei. He committed suicide in order to pursue his own justice. He offended many evil people in the past, but he still lived tenaciously. Come down... If it weren't for the master protecting you, Zhenjun would be in danger!"

Hearing this, Chen Chao nodded repeatedly: "I think it makes sense!"

The rest of the crowd: "..."

However, Guo Hao has not yet finished his words: "Of course the most critical point is that Lord Diu Lei established the Office of Strategic Deception. No sect can develop on such a scale in such a short period of time. It directly jumped to become The number one super sect in the world! So I dare to say that Lord Diu Lei must have a master! And this master must be the strongest cultivator on the earth right now!"

Chen Chao: "In other words, Guo, you think that the head of the Office of Strategic Deception is not Lord Diu Lei, but his master?"

"No. What I mean is that there must be big bosses hiding behind the scenes in the Office of Strategic Deception. And Lord Diu Lei is just on the surface."

When Guo Hao said this, he scratched his head and said with a smile: "Of course. These are some conclusions I drew based on the rumors shared by my uncle. Just for everyone's enjoyment."

Zhuo Yi laughed loudly: "The two juniors have really rich ideas. It would be a pity not to write a book..."

The rest of the crowd: "..."

After walking for several kilometers, a slightly open area ahead once again attracted everyone's attention.

"Oh my God! Why is there such a big gold-plated statue here!" Chen Chao and Guo Hao hurriedly ran over.

They stared at the statue. Their minds became more certain about the ideas discussed during the previous journey.

"Sure enough! This mysterious forbidden forest of the Office of Strategic Deception was built by Lord Diu Lei just for Mo! He actually didn't build his own statue. Instead, he put someone else's statue here..." Guo Hao said excitedly: "I even I think this forbidden forest is very likely to be the retreat place of Lord Diu Lei’s master, the legendary strongest cultivator on earth!"

Chen Chao: "But it's a bit strange, Guo. Why aren't the facial features of this strongest monk sculpted?"

Guo Hao: "What do you know? This is the strongest cultivator on earth. How can the appearance of a super powerful person be seen clearly by ordinary people?"

Chen Chao haha: "That's right! I just thought that this face was erased on purpose."

Wang Ling: "..."

Looking at Guo Hao's excited face, Zhuo Yi slapped his forehead suddenly.

At the same time, everyone else here was also dumbfounded.

Because most of them can see that the outline of this statue is actually carved from Wang Ling...

"What's going on? Senior Zhuo Yi!" Sun Rong couldn't bear it any longer. He secretly asked Zhuo Yi via voice transmission.

"The immortal man from Zhenyuan said that this was an Easter egg he deliberately left when he was building the forest to express his admiration for the master. Originally, even the facial features were carved out. In the end, it was me who polished the facial features. ..."

Wang Ling: "..."





Can the Forbidden Forest in Chapter 2009 Office of Strategic Deception get a golden echo?


Latest website: After listening to what Zhuo Yi said. Wang Ling was even a little touched in his heart. This apprentice was not in vain. Zhuo Yi was quite reliable at the critical moment.

Of course. Wang Ling does not mean to blame Zhenyuan. After all, it is normal for a person to have uncontrollable admiration for other people and things.

And for Wang Ling, perhaps his only emotion that is not difficult to understand is admiration.

After all, he once admired the inventor of crispy noodles...

Is this kind of delicacy that can be enjoyed even if you crush something broken? Is this something that can exist normally in the human world?

Although in the eyes of the world, this is just ordinary puffed food and junk snacks, in Wang Ling's heart, the instant noodles will always be a god. It is the childhood that has accompanied him since he was a child. It is the one he has seen so far. A neatly arranged set card can still evoke beautiful memories. It is something that no other snack can replace so far.

Retracting the topic. Everyone was walking in the forest talking and laughing. The concentration of spiritual energy here is shockingly terrifying. Not only because of the spirit gathering array underneath, but the key reason is because the entrance to the secret realm of the Mountain of Recall is hidden in the forest. .

Such majestic and astonishing spiritual energy seeps out from the Mountain of Recall. Its influence directly covers the entire forest, and even radiates the entire Office of Strategic Deception. Among them, the mysterious forbidden forest is the most critical.

"You said we keep walking here. Can we get the golden echo?" Halfway through, Guo Hao suddenly asked a very silly question.

As senior game geeks like Chen Chao, the two of them always discuss game-related topics the most passionately. Sometimes Wang Ling knows something about games. It is also through Chen Chao and Information that Guo Hao knew.

For Wang Ling who doesn't play games very much. Sometimes when I hear news about game information, I feel like I am out of touch with the times. I feel like I am alone.

"You think this is playing Harry Potter... I don't know if there are any echoes. But maybe there is a Whomping Willow in this mysterious Forbidden Forest?"

"..."

Everyone fell silent again.

Wang Ling saw Zhuo Yi's expression and immediately raised his forehead again.

"Zhuo Yi Senior. What's going on? Is there really a Whomping Willow?" Sun Rong was also shocked. He asked Zhuo Yi directly in the team's voice transmission.

Zhuo Yi covered his face with one hand. He couldn't laugh or cry: "There is no Whomping Willow. But there is a Whomping Pine... I heard that it is a creature created by the Immortal people of Zhenyuan. It was originally transplanted on Drought Star. It was used for experiments. Later it was discovered that these pine trees had a certain defensive effect. At the same time, for the safety of the Mountain of Recall, many were arranged around the entrance to the secret realm."

"In other words, when we go to the secret realm, we will also encounter these..."

"Yes." Zhuo Yi nodded: "But please don't worry, everyone. I have already asked Zhenyuan Immortal people to enter the secret command. I have shown the photos to the Beating Pine. When we people enter the secret realm, the Beating Pine is I won’t take action."

How can it still be like this...

Wang Ling complained secretly in his heart.

He used King's Eyes to detect the forest terrain. It turned out that this was indeed the case.

The God's perspective provided by King's Eyes directly gives a panoramic view of the entire forest. The entrance to the secret realm of the Mountain of Recall that they want to go to is deep in the forest. To get there, you need to pass six encrypted teleportation methods. Array.

Because there is a flight restriction over the forest. If you walk with a sword, you will be immediately blocked by the barrier. And it is impossible to find the entrance to the Mountain of Retrospection just by walking.

Even the teleportation array is specially encrypted. It will automatically change its position in the shallow layer of the forest every once in a while.

Only core members can know the location of the magic circle. You only need to ask Lord Diu Lei or Zhenyuan Immortal for the coordinates of the six encrypted magic circles when applying to use the Mountain of Retrospection.

Of course. Even if a blind cat encounters a dead mouse and misleads six magic circles, it still has to go through the level of beating a human pine...

These beating pine trees are creatures specially created by the Immortal people of Zhenyuan for defense. Even Wang Ling thinks there is something special about them.

Just by looking at it, I feel like it might hurt if I hit someone. If I were to walk over here unprepared, I might be stabbed like a hedgehog...

Of course. Wang Ling In fact, there are roads that can change directions freely inside the forest. In other words, you can actually drive into the forest.

But he soon understood Zhuo Yi's intention in arranging this walk...

Because just as they passed through a forest stream in front of them, everyone spotted a muscular man with a sturdy back and a wild hairstyle. His arms were as thick as human thighs and had dragon patterns printed on them. He was sitting on a big rock to rest in a meditative posture. .

This person is none other than the one whom Lord Diu Lei named as his disciple before. Master Canglong.

Next to Master Canglong, a middle-aged man who looked honest and honest, with dimples on his fleshy face, started cooking forest delicacies in a large iron pot. At the same time, he was live broadcasting on his mobile phone.

And this person is Liu Yong whom Wang Ling met before. His mantra: clean and hygienic.

That's right. Zhuo Yi's purpose in arranging this walk in the forest. In fact, it was to arrange apprenticeships for Chen Chao and Guo Hao.

In order for the apprenticeship to proceed smoothly, Zhuo Yi has made full preparations in advance in the past few days. Crazyly pushing news information about Master Canglong and Master Liu Yong to Chen Chao and Guo Hao's mobile phones respectively.

So that the two of them can truly understand the strengths and awesomeness of these two people.

Of course. All news information is carefully selected by Zhuo Yi in advance.

The era of big data is so scary...

The information you see may actually be what others want you to see.

"Master Canglong!"

"Master Liu Yong!"

So when they saw the two of them, Chen Chao and Guo Hao were almost in sync, shouting their names in surprise.

It only took a moment. Both of their eyes began to shine. www.uukanshu.net

Obviously Zhuo Yi's push message plan completely worked. At least Chen Chao and Guo Hao recognized the true identities of the two people at a glance. They also looked at the two people in awe.

"Hahaha. I didn't expect that I was actually recognized." Canglong scratched his head and stood up from the big stone with a shy face. To be honest, he knew that this was a show. He had been rehearsing with Liu Yong for a long time. For a long time.

Back then, Lord Diu Lei took him and Liu Yong to secretly inspect Chen Chao and Guo Hao. Both of them were very satisfied with their matched apprentices.

But now, when the two of them saw their favorite disciple in person, the tension suddenly rose again.

As a master, of course there are things that masters are afraid of.

After all, Chen Chao and Guo Hao were not the only ones present at the scene.

What if your request to take on a disciple is rejected...

Isn't it embarrassing?





Chapter 2010 Chen Chao and Guo Hao successfully became apprentices!


Latest website: However, it is obvious that Cang Long and Liu Yong were basically overthinking. After all, for today's apprenticeship scene, Zhuo Yi set up the situation in advance. Relying on the power of big data, they pushed it for a long time.

The high school students who were originally in the high school cultivation academy spent their daily life going back and forth between home and school. Faced with these legendary heroes who blocked the invasion of the demon world, Chen Chao and Guo Hao still felt in their hearts Possessing infinite admiration.

Although there is already a Zhuo Yi at Number 60 High School. But Zhuo Yi actually goes to Number 60 High School every two days. He is so approachable that all the freshness is lost.

Now I actually met two city heroes having a picnic in the forest. How could the two of them calm down so easily at the moment?

For a moment, both Chen Chao and Guo Hao temporarily forgot that this was the mysterious forbidden forest inside the Office of Strategic Deception. It stands to reason that although Cang Long and Liu Yong are city heroes, in the final analysis, it is impossible for outsiders to enter here.

Of course. Zhuo Yi has also prepared this in advance.

If Chen Chao and Guo Hao don't ask, then Cang Long and Liu Yong don't need to say anything. If they do, they only need to show the invitation issued by Zhuo Yi.

It is said that he came to the mysterious forbidden forest of the Office of Strategic Deception as an inspector to conduct an overall assessment.

"I didn't expect to see two masters here!" Chen Chao and Guo Hao both bowed. Judging from their respectful attitudes, Zhuo Yi thought that the apprenticeship plan was progressing smoothly.

"Hahaha. You two came just in time. There is no need to be cautious. Liu Yong and I were making a bet just now." Seeing the two of them like this, Master Liu Yong felt slightly relieved. Then he started to quickly Entered the state.

"What are the two masters betting on?"

"Both of us have no disciples. So we are thinking that if there is a fight between our two disciples, which disciple is more powerful."

"Oh, so that's it!" Chen Chao and Guo Hao nodded secretly.

Although the two of them have never seen these legendary masters on weekdays, they have heard of many battles between these powerful men.

Take the current world of cultivation as an example. In peaceful times, if the competition between powerful people is equal in strength, not only will the battle be fruitless, but it will also cause environmental pollution and space destruction due to various spell bombardments.

So a long time ago, these masters formed an unwritten agreement, that is, to train their own disciples to let the disciples compete.

Chen Chao and Guo Hao looked at each other at this moment. Their eyes were blazing. They felt like they had seized the opportunity!

Neither master has any disciples...

Is this a hint to them?

Then the two of them are just right...

Eh. That’s not right. It’s not necessarily their turn! In addition to the mascot Wang Ling, there are also Sun Rong, Jiugong, Fang Xing, Wang Zhen, Liu Qingyi and the others...

In terms of talent and strength. Guo Hao and Chen Chao don't have much confidence to compare with these people.

Wang Ling sighed silently: "..."

Sure enough, he is still the mascot forever.

But now the opportunity is right in front of him. At the critical moment, Chen Chao's inner social arrogance started again. He took a step forward, hooked Guo Hao's shoulders, patted his chest and said, "Then Master! You Look. How are we doing!"

Taken the bait!

Cang Long and Liu Yong saw that the plan went so smoothly. They looked at each other out of the corner of their eyes and almost laughed.

This all went much smoother than they imagined.

Chen Chao and Guo Hao. Lord Diu Lei had already conducted a secret inspection with them. They were indeed disciples tailor-made for them... There is no more suitable candidate than these two!

The two of them were old friends. They still remained calm. There was some hesitation on their faces at first. Then Cang Long took a hesitant step forward and tapped Chen Chao's forehead with his finger. Liu Yong followed Cang Long. The finger pointed on Guo Hao's forehead.

"Well...you two have very similar talents."

Canglong stroked his white beard. What should he do? "Let's do this. We happen to have a bet, so I'll accept you two as temporary disciples. From today on, we will train you separately. Wait until the agreed time. You Let's have another fight. Then we'll see who's temporary disciple is more powerful."

"..."

At this point, Wang Ling on the side finally understood the tricks of these two hero masters.

The disciple competition is actually just an excuse.

As long as the two never agree on a time for the competition, then Chen Chao and Guo Hao will be their disciples forever.

Upon hearing the news, Chen Chao and Guo Hao's eyes lit up, and their heads went blank with excitement.

Having a city hero-level boss as their master...this is something they would never have imagined!

"What? Two city heroes are the masters of two juniors. Juniors, you are not willing?" At this time, seeing the scene where the two people were so excited that their minds went blank. Zhuo Yi smiled slightly and quickly added on the side. fire.

"Yes! How could you not want to!" Chen Chao shouted loudly.

"Then why don't you kneel down and kowtow to Master? Even if you are a temporary disciple, as a student from our Number 60 High School, you must understand this etiquette. Of course, I can't blame you entirely. It's always you who are too excited to forget. "Zhuo Yi said with a gentle smile.

"Yes, yes! Zhuo Yi Senior is right! Hurry up, Guo. Let's go together!" This reminder immediately made Chen Chao suddenly realize.

Immediately, the two of them knelt down and kowtowed to Cang Long and Liu Yong respectively, speaking in unison.

"Master, please bow to my disciple Chen Chao!"

"Master, please bow to me, my disciple Guo Hao!"

...

"Very good! Get up quickly, disciples!" As masters, Cang Long and Liu Yong should be graceful. After the two of them performed the apprenticeship ceremony, they stepped forward to help their precious disciples up.

This scene. Wang Ling also saw it.

This master-disciple matching appears to be arranged by the planner Zhuo Yi. But in fact, the mastermind behind the scenes is Wang Ling.

A disciple who is willing to make every effort to practice. And a master who treats his disciples as treasures. From Wang Ling's point of view, there is no better match.

Although Cang Long and Liu Yong have different cultivation directions, they both have one biggest characteristic, that is, they are very protective of their shortcomings. With them by their side, Chen Chao and Guo Hao's future cultivation paths will be bright.

"Master! Can you accept my brother as well?"

At this time, Chen Chao and Guo Hao looked aside at Wang Ling almost at the same time.

This scene was beyond Wang Ling's expectations. It was also beyond Cang Long and Liu Yong's expectations.

After all, this was something that was not planned in the script.

No one expected that even when Chen Chao and Guo Hao successfully became their masters under the city hero, they could still think of Wang Ling in the first place...

Cang Long and Liu Yong laughed loudly. They each touched the heads of Chen Chao and Guo Hao. They felt more and more that their decision to accept Chen Chao and Guo Hao as their disciples was correct.

The character of the disciple is equally important.

After becoming apprentices, the two of them were not dazzled by joy. They could still think of their classmates. This was very rare in the eyes of Cang Long and Liu Yong.

"It seems. This is your best friend."

Canglong spoke first. He looked at Wang Ling carefully. Then he comforted Chen Chao and Guo Hao: "When choosing a disciple, you still have to look at the compatibility. If the compatibility is not good, no matter how strong the master is, the professor's disciples will not be the same. There will be progress. But Master Liu Yong and I are not the most suitable masters for your friends."

"Hey. Is that so..."

This is a disguised rejection.

Chen Chao and Guo Hao couldn't help feeling a little disappointed when they heard this.

"Don't worry. I'm always very accurate in judging people. This good friend of yours will find his own place in the future." Canglong laughed.

As one of the few friends I made at Number 60 High School.

At this time Wang Ling was listening to Canglong's rough but extremely sweet laughter. He couldn't help but feel a little moved in his heart.

7017k





Chapter 2011 Help Sun Rong improve their realm


Cang Long and Liu Yong have no idea about the secret cultivation realm of the Mountain of Recall. They only know that this secret realm was arranged for them by Lord Diu Lei. And their mission these days is to help Chen Chao and Liu Yong before the Earth Center Project. Guo Hao conducts devilish training so that they can break through to the early stage of Golden Core as soon as possible.

Of course, the distance between the peak of the later stage of Foundation Building and the early stage of Golden Core seems to be just a piece of window paper. However, the progress between realms is always a threshold. It is far from easy to cross.

The so-called master guides the individual to practice. It is also very important to have a master with past experience.

In front of the last teleportation circle, Zhuo Yi stopped and introduced to Cang Long and Liu Yong: "This is the secret cultivation realm provided by Zhenjun. You need to enter it in batches. Practice in the secret realm. Don't pay too much attention to time. There are actuarial equipment in the secret realm. It will automatically leave the secret realm as long as there is time."

"That's it." Cang Long and Liu Yong both nodded.

In fact, this is just the official statement from Zhuo Yi. After all, the time flow rate in the Mountain of Recall is completely different. The only way to leave the secret realm this time is that only Chen Chao and Guo Hao can successfully break through to the early stage of the Golden Core. They will be allowed to leave. .

As for the issue of energy supply, there is no need to worry. The ecological mechanism in the secret realm will be refreshed every once in a while. Many spiritual fruits and spiritual beasts that can be hunted will appear randomly.

Of course. There will also be random treasure chest rewards on the map. There are a wealth of natural and earthly treasures that can be used to break through the realm.

What Chen Chao and Guo Hao have to do is rely on the wild survival experience of the two masters Cang Long and Liu Yong. Use the most primitive methods to make use of these resources. On the one hand, they can increase their realm strength. On the other hand, it can also help them. Improve your experience of surviving in the wild.

After all, the game mode for the Earth Center Project in one week will also be an adventure in the inner earth world. Although the adventure area has already been accurately calculated by the academies of science of various countries, the safety factor has been ensured.

But after all, no one has really gone deep into the inner earth world. No one can predict what kind of dangers they will encounter in the inner earth world.

Maybe the strength of the spiritual beasts in the inner earth world can no longer be measured by the realm strength of the spiritual beasts on the surface. Everything is unknown to those who are new to the inner earth world.

"Then I will go in with my disciple first." Canglong is huge. Standing next to Chen Chao, he looks like a black bear that has been enlarged several times. Chen Chao's figure is already considered strong. And standing next to Chen Chao is In front of Canglong, only four words can be used to describe Xiaojiabiyu.

He said confidently while laughing loudly, as rough as ever. Then he directly lifted Chen Chao's clothes and stood in the center of the magic circle as if he was carrying a kitten.

A few seconds later, along with a blue teleportation light, the two of them disappeared into the light curtain together.

"This guy Canglong is still so resolute. We can break through the peak of Foundation Building in the later stage. We don't need to be so tired. We can break through." Liu Yong laughed. His movements were slow and slow. He was completely different from Canglong. Standing in front of the law In the center of the formation, I was still discussing with Guo Hao what we were going to eat later.

"Today is our first day as master and apprentice. It's also an anniversary. Master will show you his outdoor cooking skills later. Have you ever had a spiritual insect feast?"

"It's the kind with all the protein removed!"

"It is not only protein, but also rich in trace elements. According to the theory of dietary supplements, it is helpful to break through the later peak of Foundation Building."

"Master's craftsmanship must be perfect!"

The two communicated like this. Then they disappeared into the blue light.

After Chen Chao and Guo Hao were all sent away, the remaining people breathed a sigh of relief.

The rest are basically our own people, so there is no need to be too formal about the next conversation.

"It's really hard for everyone this time. In order to make it perfect, we also asked everyone to cooperate in this play." Zhuo Yi laughed.

"Everything Senior Zhuo said should be done.

Fang Xing crossed his arms and said with a smile: "By the way. What are the plans for the next step?" For the sake of caution, I hope everyone will stay in the Office of Strategic Deception during the few days Chen Chao and Guo Hao are practicing. After all, we still have to gather in the end. Get up. So as not to expose any flaws. I have arranged a room for everyone above the True Venerated Immortal Hall. All facilities in the Office of Strategic Deception. Everyone is free to visit and come in and out."

"I won't go. I'm also very interested in the Mountain of Recall. Can I go in and have a look?" Fang Xing asked.

"Of course. Space layering has been set up inside. Don't disturb each other."

"What about coming out?"

"Just recite Lord Diu Lei silently in your heart, just like the law."

"That's it." Fang Xing nodded.

"It's just a matter of waking up to your realm..."

"Now that the earth has been upgraded, my True Immortal realm is still not enough. Improving my cultivation is a never-ending task. I don't want to hold back."

After Fang Xing said that, he crossed his arms and walked into the magic circle alone. Before leaving, he still kept the familiar smile that Wang Ling had always seen on his face: "Well, everyone, I'll see you later."

Zhuo Yi sighed in his heart.

Although Fang Xing inherited the Snake Skin True Immortal tradition, his talent in cultivation is still terrifying.

What's more terrifying than genius is a genius who works hard...

The Mountain of Retrospection is a place that automatically matches the cultivation environment according to the realm of the person who enters it. In other words, all the spiritual beasts Fang Xing encounters there are at the True Immortal realm level. With Fang Xing’s cultivation talent, he might be immersed in it. Maybe you can actually reach an unexpected level after practicing for a few days.

Of course. If a strong person brings a weaker person in, like a master-disciple combination like Canglong and Chen Chao, the Mountain of Retrospection will also adjust the difficulty of the environment suitable for the two people to practice based on their realm strength.

At this moment, Fang Xing went in to practice alone. What Zhuo Yi didn't expect was that the others also got involved.

"Well. We also want to go practice." To Zhuo Yi's surprise, Liu Qingyi directly took Wang Zhen's hand and walked straight into the magic circle.

Obviously. Judging from the confused expression on Wang Zhen's face, he seemed to be completely unprepared mentally: "Ah. Qingyi... we also have to practice?"

"Of course! If we don't practice, our God's Domain will lose face. We will soon be overtaken by cultivators on Earth!" Liu Qingyi looked at him: "Why, do you have any objections?"

"No...no..." Wang Zhen couldn't laugh or cry. Ever since he fell in love with Liu Qingyi, he seemed to have been on the weaker side.

"..."

Zhuo Yi is speechless.

I didn’t expect that these days, cultivation matters could be involved.

He had already planned a follow-up date with Jiugong Liangzi. But Liu Qingyi dragged Wang Zhen in. Jiugong Liangzi couldn't sit still: "Ah! Zhuo Yi! I think we should go in to practice as well. alright!"

Zhuo Yi: "?"

Jiugong Liangzi: "Anyway... if you take me out on a date, it means eating and watching a movie. It's so boring. It's not as fun as practicing. I think the mechanism of the Mountain of Recall is much more interesting!"

After saying that, she took Zhuo Yi's hand and entered the circle directly without waiting for Zhuo Yi's response. Before leaving, she secretly winked at Sun Rong.

Now. Sun Rong finally understands the meaning of the wave of involution practice that everyone suddenly started...

This is obviously to create opportunities for her and Wang Ling!

"Let's go."

At this time, Sun Rong suddenly heard the familiar young figure ringing next to his ears.

This time she didn't even have time to react. She didn't expect that Wang Ling would actually take the initiative to speak.

In fact, Wang Ling had already thought about it carefully before going back to the mountain of retrospect.

Nine-core Aohai. After all, he was the one who gave it to Sun Rong in the first place. So in that case, he might as well send the Buddha to the West...

Originally, he wanted to appoint someone to help train Sun Rong.

But now everyone has left completely.

Wang Ling had no choice but to do it himself.

It just helps Sun Rong break through to the peak in the later stages of the Foundation Building period.

Wang Ling feels that this time, he will be the teacher.

It shouldn't be too difficult.





Chapter 2012 The practice of Wang Ling and Sun Rong on the Mountain of Retrospection


Wang Ling actually wants to guide her personally. This is something Sun Rong never dared to imagine before. This is a rare time to be alone with Wang Ling. And the key is that no outsiders will disturb her. ..

Opportunities like this are so rare. I recalled my previous experience of trying to get alone with Wang Ling. She seemed to have fainted every time for various reasons. I missed it countless times. An opportunity to express your love in front of other people.

But this time, when the opportunity was presented to her again, Sun Rong's heart couldn't help but begin to surge.

However, at the same time, she felt a little nervous in her heart. God knows what she and Wang Ling will encounter in the Mountain of Recall...

Sun Rong reminds me of those girl comics I read through Jiang Yingying’s introduction a few days ago. Almost every heroine in them has the experience of being saved by a hero.

It was a cliched plot, but it made her blush. Even some of the comic content was too indescribable. It gave Sun Rong the feeling of becoming a dua overnight.

Since it was rare for the two of them to practice together, Sun Rong didn't know what to say for a while: "Wang Ling. I..."

Normally, she is the leader of Gray Cult and the president of the Number 60 High School student council. She is an eloquent person. But now, facing the young man in front of her, she was unable to say a word.

Wang Ling, however, had already put his trouser pockets in and stood firmly on the teleportation circle. Seeing that Sun Rong couldn't come over for a long time, he tilted his head in confusion. Then he directly fired the primer spell to completely destroy Sun Rong. People were pulled over.

"Hey...Wang Ling, please slow down..." This sudden seriousness shocked Sun Rong. He never expected that Wang Ling would use this method to kill himself. Carry it away.

Just...do you want to practice with her?

For a time, Sun Rong began to have a lot of thoughts in his heart.

But soon she seemed to understand. She and Wang Ling were practicing together. To Wang Ling, it was not called practice at all... Their cultivation had already reached the ceiling. How did they still want to break through? ?

This is obviously a deliberate attempt to create a little fuss for yourself!

Wang Ling had no intention of reading Sun Rong's inner thoughts at this time. The only thing in his mind was that limited-flavor crispy noodles were about to be sold at a special price in the supermarket in the city center.

So now he is hurriedly taking Sun Rong into the Mountain of Retrospection. It is purely to help Sun Rong rise to the level it deserves. Then he goes back to buy crispy noodles by hand.

Of course. It's just a trip to the supermarket. This Wang Ling can be left to others.

It's a pity that Wang Ling has never been in the habit of asking for help. What's more, it's a top priority like buying limited-edition instant noodles... For such a big thing that ranks first in my heart, I must do it myself.

The teleportation light of the Mountain of Retrospection lit up. As the vision changed, Sun Rong came to the Mountain of Retrospection again in an instant.

The last time she came here was just to test the sword. Now the Mountain of Recall has undergone a new revision and adjustment. It has become a brand new... appearance.

I just don’t know why. Sun Rong looked at the scene in front of him and felt a little bit of fear.

She didn't know what the scene that others were facing was like. But what came into view now was a vast black forest. All the trees and leaves were pitch black. It seemed that there was something that could attract people. Merge into the illusion of darkness.

The sky here is extremely clear. Those huge planets are moving in the sky. It feels like they are about to fall at any time. Sun Rong's face was full of astonishment. She thought to herself that it was lucky that she did not have a phobia of giant objects. Otherwise, she would definitely You will be shocked and speechless by the scene in front of you.

But even so. This mountain of retrospect is completely different from Sun Rong's imagination. The sky is the fear that makes people stay in the universe. The black forest on the ground is the fear that makes people immersed in the darkness.

In a daze. Sun Rong suddenly remembered.

Because the mountain of retrospection in front of you is a spatial environment that automatically adjusts according to the realm of the person who enters.

It's just like the world level in the game. As long as the average level of all players in the server becomes higher, then the world level will naturally be improved.

Her strength is naturally not that strong... but it is on par with Wang Ling in the sealed state.

The map level of this mountain of retrospect has become very scary. Facing the black forest in front of me, Sun Rong is very scared. But I still muster up the courage to try to walk. Even so, this is a rare and Wang LingAn opportunity to practice together. She didn't want to hold the boy back at this juncture.

Wang Ling is here. But he has not gone far. He is observing Sun Rong.

To be honest, this situation. Wang Ling was not unexpected.

Even in the sealed state, the level of the map in front of him has reached a very astonishing level. This dark forest is full of dangers. Even the most ordinary mob has an Itinerant Immortal level of strength.

He saw Sun Rong trying hard to take steps but could not move. His emotions were a little complicated for a moment.

Such pressure. Without the passive blessing of Aohai's human sword unity. In the realm of Sun Rong, even if you keep watching from a distance, the limit is already the limit without fainting.

Sun Rong's willpower. But it is beyond Wang Ling's imagination.

He didn't know what kind of force was supporting her. Faced with the pressure of a map level several levels higher than his own, she struggled to maintain her mental willpower.

This is also an exercise.

So Wang Ling was not protected at the beginning.

Instead, he waited until the girl was almost at her limit before walking to her side.

As soon as Wang Ling came close, it seemed to have a natural spiritual barrier. The pressure on Sun Rong was instantly dissipated. It was like breathing fresh air after being in the water for a long time. .

"Wang Ling..."Sun Rong suddenly collapsed on the ground. It felt like he had just experienced an extreme long-distance run.

She felt that her legs were weak, but she still maintained her mental state and did not faint directly.

"Is it okay?" Wang Ling asked. Even though it was a straight man's tone that was concise and concise, it still moved Sun Rong.

Classmate Wang Ling is... caring about her?

Sun Rong once suspected that he might be under tremendous pressure and had auditory hallucinations.

But now she really couldn't walk. She needed to rest. She said weakly to Wang Ling: "Wang Ling. I'm fine... I'm just a little tired..."

"This is normal. Sister Rongrong, the practice has just begun. You have to adapt." At this time, Jingke's voice sounded from Sun Rong's ear.

Yes. Of course Sun Rong also knows. The current practice has just begun.

They were still far away from the black forest in front of them. Just watching from a distance made her feel an amazing sense of fear. It was hard to imagine what would happen if they entered the black forest.

She was feeling uneasy, but at this moment Wang Ling suddenly bent down.

Sun Rong immediately turned red.

She thought Wang Ling would carry her behind. But she found that she was overthinking it.

Sun Rong discovered that this time Wang Ling was extremely patient. There was no urging or any impatience. Instead, he bent down and sat directly next to him, waiting for her to rest until she could stand up again. ..Such a close distance. Sun Rong could even hear his steady breathing. It made her almost dizzy.





Chapter 2013 What’s in the Black Forest of Wang Ling


Wang Ling was too close. Just right next to her. Although not close to her, it was enough to make Sun Rong feel dizzy.

She was obviously trying hard not to fall down by relying on her mental willpower. As a result, Wang Ling's sudden approach made her almost unable to hold back and fainted on the spot.

The black forest ahead brought endless pressure. Wang Ling knew that it was caused by him, so he was very patient. Sun Rong just holding on and not fainting seemed to Wang Ling It's already a miracle. If I push it any further, I'm afraid it would be a bit rude.

As long as we can catch up with the special offer of limited-edition crispy noodles, it will be fine. Wang Ling estimated the time. I think it is more than enough to help Sun Rong break through to the early stage of Golden Core before the special offer.

He hugged his knees and waited for Sun Rong to regain his strength. During the whole process, Sun Rong did not use the passive ability of Aohai's human-sword unity. Because in this way, she had no pressure at all. You can't exercise your basic level.

You have to rely purely on your own willpower to survive this practice. This is the important point of entering the mountain of retrospection this time.

"Wang Ling. I feel better..."

After the two of them stayed in place for nearly ten minutes, Sun Rong's pale little face finally became filled with normal blood color.

Obviously, her condition has recovered a lot.

This is because Wang Ling was around to help share most of the pressure. When entering the black forest, the overwhelming spiritual pressure is terrifying.

"Yeah." Wang Ling nodded. Then he put his hands into his trouser pockets again and walked slowly towards the black forest.

Sun Rong followed Wang Ling. Close to the heel. The closer to the black forest, the spiritual pressure from inside the black forest became more and more fierce.

Then, the girl's body began to tremble uncontrollably. Although it could be seen that she was already trying hard to resist with her mental willpower, but in the face of the huge pressure of the black forest, everything was like a knee-jerk reaction to the impact on her knees. Same. It's purely a conditioned reflex of the body.

This was something she couldn't survive with her willpower at all.

Even if Wang Ling was by her side, the great pressure and fear still caused her face to gradually lose the color it had just after regaining strength. It became gradually pale. The most important thing was that even her legs began to feel unbearable. Shivered.

It was as if there was a pair of big hands in the dark pressing her shoulders all the time, asking her to kneel down.

Still not working?...

Wang Ling saw everything in his eyes and said secretly in his heart.

After all, this is the huge pressure of the Black Forest. Let alone Sun Rong. Even if it were someone else, I am afraid that he would have collapsed before he was close to the Black Forest.

So why does Sun Rong have such firm willpower?

Wang Ling became infinitely curious.

Then soon, his slightly frowned brow began to relax.

It was just a moment. Wang Ling gradually understood everything.

He understands it all!

"Sun Rong..."

At this time. Wang Ling spoke.

Sun Rong responded weakly: "What's going on?"

"Are you going to buy the special items too?" Wang Ling asked.

"..." The expression on Sun Rong's face suddenly turned into confusion.

She didn't know why Wang Ling suddenly asked this inappropriate question.

But looking at the expression on the young man's face that he knew everything. Her momentary hesitation actually made Wang Ling think that this was the correct answer.

Wang Ling was moved.

He discovered that Sun Rong had really changed.

Not only did he learn to restrain himself from showing off his eye-catching personality in the past, but he also began to learn to be frugal.

She is obviously the eldest daughter of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group and is extremely wealthy, so she would actually consider buying special offers.

This gives Wang Ling even more confidence.

Whether he gave Sun Rong the nine-core Aohai. Or now he helped Sun Rong break through to the early stages of Golden Core practice. Wang Ling feels that everything is reasonable.

Those people who have always been helped by Wang Ling. For example, my disciple Zhuo Yi. Or my good brothers Lord Diu Lei, Immortal ToyaWait a minute! They all have good personalities and moral qualities.

This is the key for Wang Ling to decide whether to help or not.

Even Chen Chao and Guo Hao are the classmates with whom I have the best relationship in Number 60 High School. It was only after Wang Ling went through all aspects of investigation that they decided to help them arrange a reliable master to help them. Improved through practice.

"Let's go together."

At this time. Wang Ling looked at Sun Rong again.

His eyes were as calm as water. There was no wave in his eyes.

At the same time, Sun Rong felt a sudden pulling force from his hands. It actually pulled her directly onto Wang Ling's arm.

Although I don't know what happened, this sudden scene really made Sun Rong feel unexpected.

Special offer...

Sun Rong kept repeating the question Wang Ling just asked himself.

So let her hold hands and walk together. Is it a condition?

Do you mean to help buy a certain special product after this practice is over?

At this time, Sun Rong also began to suddenly understand. He showed an expression that he gradually understood everything.

She knows Wang Ling's personality. There are specials that Wang Ling can talk about over and over again. What else... Naturally, limited-flavor crispy noodles!

So. Sun Rong understood instantly.

Completely understand!

But it’s just a special offer of limited-edition crispy noodles!

She just buys it!

After all, compared to this, she can hold Wang Ling's hand and move forward together. This business is not a loss at all!

The two of them moved forward. At this time, Jingke's voice sounded in Sun Rong's mind again.

"Sister Rongrong, are you ready? The black forest is ahead."

The black forest in front of me was so close. Sun Rong never expected that he could persist to this point.

If it weren't for holding Wang Ling's arm, I'm afraid she would have fainted.

Now we have Wang Ling supporting us. Today is different from the past. Sun Rong has a firm gaze. He has unprecedented self-confidence: "Come in! I'm not afraid!"

Even standing at the entrance of the black forest at this moment. Sun Rong is a little curious about what is in the black forest of Wang Ling.

However, after just entering the black forest and walking a few steps, Sun Rong suddenly felt a strong sense of crisis. There were two small human-faced brontosaurus, the same size as the Siberian tiger, wandering nearby. After feeling that someone had entered, . They immediately roared. There were faint signs of launching an offensive.

Human-Faced Thunder Dragon. This is a strange spiritual beast born in the black forest...it does not really exist in this world of cultivation.

Of course, the birth of this strange spiritual beast was also because Wang Ling's overly powerful spiritual energy distorted the power of creating creatures in the Mountain of Recall. Therefore, this violent and deformed product was produced.

"Why do I feel...this human-faced Brontosaurus looks a bit familiar?"

Sun Rong murmured in his heart. There was a bit of confusion on his expression.

Soon she remembered who this human-faced thunder dragon was thinking of.

Bai Zhe!

right!

This is the person!

The biggest enemy that Wang Ling is currently dealing with! The Bai Zhe who transformed into the Moonlight Dragon, the leader of the dragon clan!

Each of these human-faced Brontosaurus faces looks exactly like that of Bai!

Wang Ling looked calmly at the human-faced Brontosaurus that was flanking him from both sides. There was no emotion in his heart. It was just a look. The Human-Faced Brontosaurus that was roaring one second was roaring the next second. He fell to the ground like a drowned dog, screaming in pain.

Then. Wang Ling made a pistol gesture with his fingers and designed towards the two human-faced Brontosaurus.

Bang! Bang!

Two crisp gunshots followed. As two psychic bullets landed on the human-faced brontosaurus, the skin and flesh of the two human-faced brontosauruses were torn to pieces on the spot.

But they did not die directly. Instead, they were in a dying state.

This was done intentionally by Wang Ling. He deliberately spared the lives of the two human-faced Brontosaurus. Then he looked at Sun Rong who was holding his arm beside him.

Only then did Sun Rong understand.

This means that I have to step forward to make up the final blow...





Chapter 2014 Ah, the smell of the strong!


After forming a team, defeat monsters and upgrade them, and let the newcomers do last-ditch damage when the monsters are low on health. This was originally just a routine operation in the game. At first glance, it sounds a bit fanciful to use the upper zone in real practice. But in the eyes of Wang Ling, this is The operation is actually feasible.

In fact, when the final cut is made to complete the harvest, a special spiritual substance will be released from the spirit beast's body. It is the gasification reaction caused by the death of part of the spiritual core in the spirit beast's body.

It will be discharged directly from the pores of the spirit beast. The vaporized spirit core can be quickly inhaled into the body by the nearest person. This is the key to helping to improve the realm.

And the larger the realm span, the more obvious the effect.

Sun Rong is the peak in the later stage of the Foundation Building period. So kill the second-level spiritual beasts of the Golden Core level or the third-level spiritual beasts of the Nascent Soul level. The effect of the gasified spiritual core they bring will not be Wang Ling Now bring the vigor.

These two human-faced thunder dragons were capable of peak Itinerant Immortal strength. As a result, they were directly beaten to a pulp by Wang Ling with a finger gun.

At this time, leave it to Sun Rong to finish the last hit. The buff effect gained is naturally self-evident.

And the most important thing is that this is the weakest level of spirit beast in the black forest. In the depths of the black forest of Wang Ling, the levels of these strange spirit beasts are frighteningly high. The peak of Itinerant Immortal is just a child's play. There is even True later. Immortal level and spiritual beasts beyond the True Immortal level exist.

Sun Rong did not hesitate at all. Although the human-faced thunder dragon in front of her looked weird and terrifying, she knew very well that this was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to practice. And Wang Ling took her to practice... In this village, maybe there is no such store!

She took out a spiritual weapon dagger that was used instead of Aohai. She poured all her spiritual energy into the dagger. When the azure spiritual energy covered the blade of the dagger.

then!

A chirping sound!

With a decisive stab, he stabbed a human-faced brontosaurus in the heart.

It stands to reason that with her level, it is impossible to penetrate the armor of the Human-Faced Thunder Dragon. But Wang Ling just pointed the gun in an unusual way. Not only did it reduce the health of the two Human-Faced Thunder Dragons to their remaining health. It also has the effects of breaking shields and sealing spirits. All the shielding abilities of the two human-faced thunder dragons have disappeared. They can only lie on the ground and let Sun Rong slaughter them.

But after all, this is an Itinerant Immortal level spiritual beast. Its vitality is very tenacious. Sun Rong only needs one stab to kill it directly.

Therefore, for Sun Rong, this last-ditch attack was actually a difficult process. After a lot of hard work, I managed to get rid of one. Sun Rong could clearly feel a wave of energy in his body. The heat is gathering.

This is the performance of the gasified spiritual core being inhaled into the body. It will cause a short-term feeling of heat in the body.

"Sister Rong's face is so red."

Jingke's voice sounded in her mind again.

This made Sun Rong suddenly think of some bad things.

For example, a few days ago when she was reading those comics about cultivating girls, there was a plot in them.

It is also the hero who takes the heroine to practice. Then he finds that his body is getting hotter and hotter as he practices. Finally, the hero discovers that there is something wrong with the spiritual fruit that the heroine eats to replenish physical energy. Although it will help the realm. . But it will also stimulate some physiological factors and so on...

Then there is no more. The process of this story is that the hero takes the heroine to practice. Then he practices and practices. Then he becomes the hero to practice the heroine...

At this moment, Sun Rong's mind was full of ideas. Her body was extremely hot now. She suspected that she might have fallen into the routine of this girl's comic.

The result was that she was disappointed.

This hot feeling actually calmed down after a while.

"It seems. Alright?" Sun Rong said as he wiped the sweat from his forehead.

"It's caused by the vaporized spiritual core. The last hit is helpful for the growth of the realm." Jingke said.

"..." Sun Rong is silent.

Qi transformed spiritual core. She had heard this statement from her grandfather Sun Yiyuan before. She didn't expect it to be true.

Could it be that this energy was forcibly absorbed into the body due to the last hit on a spiritual beast whose realm gap was too high...

Thinking of this, Sun Rong's face couldn't help but glow red.

It turns out that the real situation is like this...

Wang Ling finally took her out to practice once. But she was thinking about some dirty things!

It’s all Jiang Yingying’s fault! He recommended those weird girl comics to her!

After having the first last-hitting experience and the experience of absorbing the gasified spiritual core, Sun Rong became more and more proficient in the subsequent operation process.

Moreover, the tacit cooperation with Wang Ling has also improved a lot. The whole process can almost be described as silky smooth.

"Wang Ling. I think I'm about to break through?" When he killed the tenth human-faced Brontosaurus, Sun Rong's body began to emit a faint golden light.

This is a sign that it is about to break through the bottleneck and form elixirs in the body.

Wang Ling put his left hand in his trouser pocket. He tapped the index finger of his right hand on Sun Rong's forehead and felt it for a while.

It can only be said that Sun Rong's talent for cultivation is truly incredible. The quality of the Golden Core's elixir formation is very high. This means that Sun Rong can also go further in subsequent realm cultivation.

Of course. The reason why I use my index finger for point measurement is actually to protect privacy.

With the realm of Wang Ling, if he wants to, he can know the quality of Sun Rong's elixir just by standing here and looking at it with King's Eyes.

But King's Eyes' insight is too strong after all. He will see all Sun Rong.

As a just and upright young man, Wang Ling would certainly not do that. How could he, an upright gentleman, be interested in a woman's body.

And it's not like he's never seen a woman's body before.

Ah Nuan girl’s diapers. Sometimes he helps change them!

However, such contact still makes Sun Rong seem a little distracted. Being touched by the person he likes. Even if it is just a tap of a finger, his heart is destined to be thunderous and unable to calm down for a long time.

"Let's go." At this time, Wang Ling's words directly woke her up. Another attractor spell made her directly circle Wang Ling's arm.

Sun Rong feels like the magical cat in League of Legends who is practicing together. There seems to be an illusion that it is directly attached to Wang Ling...

Wang Ling knew that Sun Rong was about to break through. At this time, these human-faced brontosaurus in the shallows were not the first choice. He wanted to take Sun Rong directly to the depths of the black forest. Then directly destroy a stronger one. That way, maybe Sun Rong can achieve a breakthrough on the spot.

And when the time comes, as long as I'm by her side to protect her, there won't be any problems.

He estimated the time. It was just before the sale started. There seemed to be plenty of time.

Sun Rong's cultivation talent is better than he imagined. Therefore, it is easier to break through than he imagined.

...

However, at this moment, outside the mysterious Forbidden Forest located in the Office of Strategic Deception, a mysterious man wearing a black burqa and an eyepatch appeared at the entrance to the Forbidden Forest.

He was holding a gem-encrusted wand. He was teleported directly here from an extremely long distance.

This person is none other than the prehistoric illusionist who easily defeated the legendary killer Dai Tianchun before. Mingyue Ye.

Mingyue Ye stared at the lush forest in front of her. The slightly raised corners of her mouth showed unprecedented joy and cunning: "Ah, it smells like a strong man!"

He sighed, wiped his saliva, and then stepped into this mysterious forbidden forest...

7017k





Chapter 2015 Bright Moon Night. Run!


Dark clouds mixed with chaotic energy shrouded the entire sky of Songhai City, accompanied by earth-shattering thunderstorms.

The weather forecast said that today was originally a clear and good day. But now the situation has changed, causing all the few high-level people in Songhai City to open their eyes and look at the sky.

They know. I'm afraid someone is about to break through.

However, they didn't know that the changes in the heaven and earth were not just a simple Tribulation Transcendence. It was the terrifying pressure brought by one person day and night.

It is now afternoon. The dark clouds above the Office of Strategic Deception sky are the darkest. The entire sky seems to be covered by an invisible hand. No light can penetrate.

All the disciples of the Office of Strategic Deception noticed something strange, but they could not move. They were enduring this sudden and inexplicable pressure drop in their respective training halls.

Office of Strategic Deception peaks, major scientific cultivation training halls, as well as the True Venerated Immortal Hall. The protective barrier was activated almost at the same time.

This is the intelligent defense mechanism being turned on. This made many Office of Strategic Deception disciples immediately realize that this abnormal movement of heaven and earth was by no means some Tribulation Transcendence of an expert. It was indeed a sign of invasion by a foreign enemy!

Fortunately, the Office of Strategic Deception has a complete defense deployment. This protective barrier was jointly laid by Crispy Noodles Dao Lord and Monk Jin Deng. It can defend against external enemies in a short period of time. There is no problem at all.

The Mountain of Retrospect. Deep in the Black Forest.

Wang Ling continues to reproduce the previous last-ditch development method. By shooting the True Immortal-level strange spiritual beasts deep in the black forest, Sun Rong can develop rapidly.

On the way to the depths of the black forest, Wang Ling killed several more human-faced thunder dragons. The golden light surrounding the girl became even more intense.

As long as you successfully finish off the True Immortal-level giant in front of you, it will only take a moment to form the Golden Core.

This kind of training speed is not unreasonable. After all, Wang Ling calculated the time when he and Sun Rong entered the black forest. The total time was less than 3 hours.

It takes 3 hours to break through the bottleneck directly from the peak of the late Foundation Building stage to the early stage of the Golden Core. The speed of training on a rocket is beyond the comprehension of ordinary people.

And the most important thing is. Judging from the speed of time outside on the mountain of retrospect, only 30 seconds have passed in the outside world.

He is about to break through. As the main trainee of this practice, Sun Rong is naturally very aware of the changes in his body.

She focused her gaze. Even when facing the mountain-like True Immortal beast in front of her, she still maintained extremely high mental willpower.

"That's it. Here, Sister Rong, just stab it in." Jingke was also secretly assisting Sun Rong, helping Sun Rong find the position where he could easily complete the final touch-up.

No matter how powerful the True Immortal-level spiritual beast is, it is still dying after being hit by Wang Ling. With its spiritual power unable to function, all its built-in shields are in a broken state.

No matter how thick the skin is, as long as there is precise guidance, hunting it will not be a problem.

Sun Rong took steps and tried to get closer. At the same time, sweat couldn't stop dripping from her cheeks. She was about to stab her for the last time. However, when she approached the pass, she found that her eyes were in a trance. Accompanied by her vain steps . Then the whole person suddenly fell down.

"Is it still too much?..."

Wang Ling sighed in his heart.

He seemed to have expected this scene early, so he carefully stood behind the girl to protect her.

Sun Rong did not fall directly to the ground. Instead, at the moment when he was close to the earth, he was lifted up by Wang Ling using the attraction technique. Like a light feather, the whole person was suspended in mid-air.

"What should I do, Sister Rong? There is only one last step left." Jingke asked.

We have reached a critical point. It is indeed a pity.

Moreover, allowing the girl to break through the Golden Core during this practice is also Wang Ling's personal commitment.

As an honest and reliable young cultivator, fulfilling one's promises is still very important to Wang Ling.

Therefore, he didn't think much about it. He directly used the attraction technique to straighten Sun Rong's body. Then he guided the dagger into the girl's palm. He then held the back of her hand and helped her stab the vital part with the knife!

It was an action completed in an instant. After confirming that the dagger was inserted, Wang Ling's figure immediately disappeared and retreated a long distance.

This is to ensure that the vaporized spiritual core of the final blow can be exclusively used by the girl.

After doing all this, Wang Ling felt relieved.

At the same time, as the golden light burst out of Sun Rong's body, a Golden Core the size of a table tennis ball finally took shape in her body.

Finally successfully broke through...

At that moment, the dim black forest changed rapidly. All the strange spiritual beasts disappeared. Because the training mission had been successfully completed, the mountain of retrospection at this moment also automatically adjusted to the relaxation mode due to the intelligent system.

This black forest is no longer dark. Instead, it is the tall maple trees. Endless fiery red maple leaves are falling from all directions, making this piece of heaven and earth translucent. They do not look so coquettish. On the contrary, there is a kind of beauty that makes people feel at ease...

Wang Ling felt calm. He carefully used the attraction technique to place the girl smoothly on the leaf bed made of countless red maple leaves.

The sky shrouded in darkness also shone brightly again. Wisps of light passed through this huge maple forest. The bright red reflection on the leaves also reflected on the face of Wang Ling...

After confirming that the surrounding environment was absolutely safe, Wang Ling sat down next to the girl and enjoyed the moment of comfort.

He knew that at this time, the outside world's Office of Strategic Deception's defense mechanism had been activated.

Mingyue Ye, the prehistoric illusionist who previously thought he had destroyed the legendary killer Dai Tianchun, has entered this mysterious forbidden forest.

To be honest, people like Mingyue Ye are just clown-like existences in the eyes of Wang Ling. From the beginning, Wang Ling has never taken them seriously.

He even wanted to use Mingyue Ye's hand to integrate the alien forces that had flowed to the earth, and then catch them all in one fell swoop.

In the end, I didn't expect that this desperate guy could come to the door so quickly, so calmly, and so confidently.

After feeling the powerful evil aura on Mingyue Ye, Wang Ling lazily opened his eyes and opened an entrance directly in front of his eyes.

Then he stood up and stepped out.

He was facing the person in front of him, Ming Yueye himself, who was drooling and looking for the strong man.

"Who are you?"

At that moment, Ming Yue Ye's face clearly showed great confusion. She never expected that under such terrifying spiritual pressure, someone could actually walk out of the space passage and confront him so calmly.

And the most important thing is that Mingyue Ye also discovered that at such a close distance, he was completely unable to see through the true face of the person in front of him...

Wang Ling's face was an extremely blurry shadow, both in his sight and in his perception.

It's like being beaten into a mosaic!

7017k





Chapter 2016 What you are facing is not someone else. But Huang Quan


Deep in the extraterrestrial galaxy. Er Ha and Xiao Yin, who were fighting fiercely, looked at the direction of the earth at the same time.

Since they have advanced to become mythical beasts, they have often competed against each other. Before the final battle came, Yi Gin and Yi Gou had made up their minds. They planned to each practice a unique secret skill to complete before the final battle.

Er Ha has already named the secret skill {Swallowing Stars}. As the name suggests, this is a secret skill derived from the inspiration of the tengu swallowing the moon in the mythological system of the old era. However, the area of the planet that Er Ha wants to swallow is much larger than the moon. many.

And now Er Ha has only barely cultivated to the level where he can swallow an entire Jupiter. This is still a long way from Er Ha's ultimate goal...

As for Xiao Yin, she still has no clue about her unique secret skill.

He wanted to ask Wang Ling for advice. But Wang Ling was very busy these days and was too embarrassed to bother him.

"Hey. Is someone looking for the master to kill someone again..." After sensing the aura of Wang Ling from a very far distance, Xiao Yin suddenly stopped and stared into the distance.

"I know that man. But the Lord doesn't seem to have any intention of destroying him."

"Eh? Do you want to be free-range?"

"To save his life and dig out other alien invasion creatures lurking on the earth."

Er Ha said: "Speaking of which, don't you have a clue?"

Xiao Yin: "No...I don't know what kind of secret skill is better to practice."

At this time, Er Ha lowered his head and thought for a moment. Suddenly asked: "Tell me, are there any higher-order forms above the mythical beast?"

"Higher level?"

This question completely confused Xiao Yin: "There shouldn't be anything stronger than the divine beast, right? Conventional divine beasts are born from chaos. Just like the prairie dog of senior Jin Deng. But we are because of the master. . Just ascended."

"Indeed. I also feel that I have reached my peak. But you and I are still different."

Er Ha said: "Don't forget. I was once a demon king. The Lord changed my bloodline for me, and then I turned into a spiritual beast. Then I upgraded to a holy beast little by little, and then to the body of a divine beast now."

Xiao Yin was confused: "So?"

Er Ha: "But you were a holy beast from the beginning. Our base is different. So I am thinking. Is there any chance for you to go further?"

These words were a revelation. Xiao Yin was immediately stopped in his tracks.

Theoretically speaking, his foundation is completely different from Er Ha's. He was a serious beast from the beginning.

According to the basic advanced knowledge of cultivation, it seems that there is indeed the possibility of impacting higher levels.

As for those mythical beasts bred from chaos, most of them are bound by the power of chaos. Their realm is relatively fixed, but there is not much room for growth.

Er Ha's question is equivalent to inspiring a new idea for Xiao Yin.

Even if it's not that easy to advance.

So can he develop a secret method that can transform him into a higher-level form in a short period of time?

And you can freely control the switch. How can you maintain your original appearance between change and stability?

...

Everyone is practicing. Each of the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception is struggling hard in the Mountain of Recall. At the same time, the same goes for Xiao Yin and Er Ha, who are fighting each other in the outer galaxy.

Of course, the bright moon night is also in the process of practice.

Facing the Earth cultivator who suddenly appeared in front of him and couldn't see his face clearly, Ming Yueye showed a trace of doubt on his face.

A drop of cold sweat rolled down his cheek.

Could it be that the rumors are true?

Mingyue Ye knows that there are many experts in this Office of Strategic Deception, and there are many Eternals hidden in it.

According to the intelligence information he has obtained so far, the master of Lord Diu Lei, the master of the Office of Strategic Deception, is most likely hidden in the mysterious forbidden forest of the Office of Strategic Deception.

Who is Lord Diu Lei?

This is the most famous super-sect master of the Office of Strategic Deception on the earth today. Naturally, Mingyue Ye also tried to assassinate this legendary senior figure who sought death before coming to the Office of Strategic Deception.

But I don't know why. This death-seeking senior...actually has an immortal body. No matter how many times he assassinates someone or what method he uses, the opponent's body can recover on its own like a ball of intelligent clay sculpture.

So. Mingyue Ye is tired and numb.

He never thought that there were people on this earth that he couldn't kill...

So he began to investigate the Office of Strategic Deception. And began to suspect that in this mysterious forbidden forest, the legendary true strongest cultivator on earth may be hidden!

The reason why Lord Diu Lei can be resurrected continuously is probably because this most powerful cultivator is causing trouble behind his back.

Then as long as he kills Lord Diu Lei's master first, maybe the situation will not be as complicated as he expected.

However, at this time, Mingyue Ye discovered that the real situation was far worse than he imagined...

How could he not clearly see the face of the strongest cultivator on earth?

On a bright moonlit night, I suppressed the horror in my heart.

Even though the person in front of him had his trouser pockets inserted from beginning to end, did not say a word to him, and assumed a calm and calm posture, Mingyue Ye still couldn't believe it.

He waved his magic wand, turning the clouds to see the sun with one move, trying to see Wang Ling's face clearly.

This is a spell that analyzes illusions.

He suspected that he couldn't see Wang Ling's face clearly. It was because he was under an illusion.

However, when Parting the Clouds and Seeing the Sun was successfully used, the face of the person in front of him did not change at all.

"Damn it!"

He sneered secretly. He became angry from embarrassment. The wand in his hand began to accumulate spiritual energy. Countless chaos missiles combined with the energy of chaos began to condense in the void. They began to bombard Wang Ling.

Wang Ling estimated the explosive power of these chaos missiles. It can indeed be described as amazing. It is much more powerful than nuclear bombs.

With so many chaos missiles smashed down together, the entire Songhai City will be wiped off the map. Moreover, the scattered cosmic chaos radiation will also spread to the surrounding areas.

But Mingyue Ye obviously didn't expect who the opponent she was facing would be.

In Mingyue Ye's understanding, no cultivator on the earth can withstand this kind of power. Not even the cultivators on earth, not even the cultivators on earth, can withstand a chaos missile! Under God, they will all be destroyed. Reduced to ashes!

Wang Ling knows very well what kind of damage these chaos missiles will cause once they fall.

The city he lives in will be destroyed. The Office of Strategic Deception that he supported Lord Diu Lei to establish will also be reduced to ashes. And most importantly, the supermarket that he longs for selling limited-flavor dry noodles at special prices will also be destroyed. Gone...

This is something Wang Ling cannot bear no matter what.

At this time Wang Ling had no time to think about all this.

He only opened five of them towards the void. The advancing chaos missiles were frozen in mid-air as if time had stopped.

At that moment, the entire time and space seemed to be frozen.

Mingyue Ye's back was so frightened that the whole thing was soaked with sweat.

Just because of this moment, the sound of gurgling water rang in his ears.

He can be sure that it is the sound of the underworld...





Chapter 2017 The second way to sneak into the earth


Latest website: Dozens of chaos missiles. Wang Ling solidified them with a wave of his hand. Then they were swallowed up by the golden vortex formed in the void and returned to nothingness.

He simultaneously opened King's Eyes and brought all these Chaos Missiles into the King's Eyes world. This happened to help Wang Ling's ongoing Cosmic Embryo experiment in King's Eyes.

Wang Ling found that the fetus is still in the stage of absorbing nutrients. Therefore, it needs to be fed in large quantities. And these chaos missiles are the best feed.

It is true that Wang Ling can directly infuse spiritual power. But the durability of Cosmic Embryo Wang Ling is currently unknown. If this goes too far, it would not be good to directly destroy Cosmic Embryo. .

At this moment, the sound of the underworld that Mingyue Ye heard in his ears was not an illusion. In fact, it was a special sound wave emitted by Cosmic Embryo swallowing up those chaos missiles in the world of King's Eyes. It was like gurgling water... which made him mistakenly believe that It's Huangquan.

Wang Ling actually did not intend to kill Ming Yue Ye directly. But Ming Yue Ye's panic at this time was obviously too much to contain.

When he was transported to the earth using meteorites with the prehistoric young master Bai Zijing, his old master Bai Zhe once warned him that there is only one person on the earth today who cannot be provoked. As long as he does not mess with that person and those around him As long as people... develop steadily, it will be good.

Today, Mingyue Ye naturally still remembers these words. But when Bai Zhe told him, that person had a real name.

However, when he landed on the earth on a bright moonlit night, he completely forgot that person's name.

Therefore, when Mingyue Ye found that she could not clearly see the face of the person in front of her, she became even more panicked.

It turns out that person is the mysterious master of Lord Diu Lei. The real helmsman behind the Office of Strategic Deception. He is also the world's number one cultivator on earth...

In an instant, Mingyue Yeming understood everything.

At the same time, he had a lot of thoughts in his mind. Because the man in front of him actually had the ability to erase all information about himself from his mind the moment he landed on the earth.

This proves that the other party knew about his existence from the beginning...

This made Mingyue Ye suddenly break out in cold sweat.

He couldn't stay any longer. He tapped the ground with the wand in his hand. In an instant, a glass mist spread out. The ground trembled slightly in the entire space. Several ancient ferocious beasts the size of mountains landed here.

There was a thunder snake that was as long as a mountain range, a toad that was a hundred feet tall, and a slug that was covered in mucus.

They are transformed from glazed mist. It is an ability that is very similar to Wang Ling's real clone. Normal attacks cannot hit these illusions. However, these illusions have the amazing ability to distort reality.

Thunder snake, toad and slug. The three are regarded as the most ferocious and violent existence among the mythical beasts. Therefore, they are known as the three heroes of ancient ferocious beasts.

This was Mingyue Ye's trump card to save his life. I didn't expect that it would come in handy less than a week after being on earth.

However, what Mingyueye never expected was that the three ancient ferocious beasts summoned from real fantasies seemed to have no effect at all on the terrifying man in front of him.

He still maintained a calm and graceful posture. He put his trouser pockets in and moved forward. With every step he took, one of the three huge beasts would be decomposed.

"How is that possible?" Mingyue Ye was horrified.

He had no idea that the life-saving illusion he had tried so hard to use would be so easily broken.

This is the inherent power of King's Eyes of Wang Ling to remove the false and preserve the true. Therefore, Wang Ling has almost a natural restraint effect on various illusions.

No matter how realistic the illusion is, it is useless to Wang Ling.

So when I saw Mingyue Ye thinking that she had successfully used a life-saving method and planned to escape, Wang Ling laughed in her heart.

It was a sneer like staring at an ant jumping around in front of one's eyes.

He originally thought that since Mingyue Ye was personally sent to Earth by Bai Zhe, his business capabilities should be stronger than those of the enemies he had encountered in the past.

Unexpectedly, this person's ability is so unsightly.

At this time, Wang Ling opened his five fingers. Aimed at the sky and pinched the air.

Mingyue Ye's whole body was restrained by an invisible force. He could clearly feel that a big hand was tightly restraining his body like a cage.

Can't resist...

The fear of death has struck. Mingyue Ye found that she couldn't breathe at all.

Then he felt that his body was being melted by a spiritual energy. He had the illusion that he was transforming into light.

In fact, Wang Ling did not use that much force. At the moment when he pinched Mingyue Ye, he only used less than 5 cores of palm force...

With the power of 1 core, it can easily destroy the planet and kill anyone in the ancestral realm.

With Mingyue Ye's strength, he felt that 5 cores should be able to sustain it.

Unexpectedly, his palm had just been wrapped up. In front of the huge spiritual energy, Mingyue Ye actually turned into gas.

At the same time, his entire aura disappeared.

"The breath. Gone."

At this time, Jingke's voice came: "But he. Should be. Not dead."

"Yeah." Wang Ling nodded.

As the person who protects Bai Zijing and comes to earth to escort him all the way, Bai Zhe should have many ways to save his life for Mingyue Ye.

Moreover, Wang Ling can also predict how the opponent will escape.

So Wang Ling crushed Mingyue Ye's body. Its main purpose was twofold.

One is to make Mingyue Ye think that he has indeed killed him.

Secondly, it also made Mingyueye restrain his actions after being on the earth. At least he would not try to devour those so-called strong men in broad daylight...

"The magic wand in his hand is not simple." At this time, Wang Ying also laughed. He had been observing secretly and saw the clues like Wang Ling.

Without her physical body, Mingyue Ye wanted to save her own life, but at the same time, she wanted to prevent her still alive aura from being exposed.

There is only one way left.

That is the spirit that becomes the wand.

Of course, ordinary magic weapons are definitely not able to do this.

And the magic wand in Mingyue Ye's hand was probably carefully selected and crafted by Bai Zhe.

Can you use the body of the weapon spirit to get a new life...

At this time. Wang Ling lowered his head and thought.

He suddenly felt that he had discovered a blind spot that he had never cared about before.

"Sword Master. www.uukanshu.net thought of. What?" Jingke asked.

"..."

Wang Ling lowered his head and remained silent.

He doesn't have any evidence.

Now it's just a guess he made on a whim.

From the incident of Mingyue Ye turning into a weapon spirit, Wang Ling suddenly thought of the possibility of transporting outsiders to the earth without going through meteorites.

And compared to meteorite transportation, this method is more secretive.

That is to reincarnate those alien forces and even the arranged Eternal Ones.

Implanted directly into the bodies of some cultivators on earth in the form of souls...





Chapter 2018 God-making Movement


Latest URL: Wang Ling sighed silently. He is still young. After all, he is only 17 years old.

Young people always lack some experience. Although Wang Ling has been tortured by strong strength since he was a child. He is afraid that he will blow up the earth accidentally.

But in the final analysis, he found that he still loved life.

And I think of human nature as very kind. There are not so many tricks and twists and turns.

At least until you meet Jia Xiaoqiang, a thousand-year-old fox like Bai Zhe.

He had never imagined that a person's human heart could be so sinister and complicated.

If his judgment is correct, using meteorites to project to the earth may be just a part of Bai Zhe's plan.

Soul planting. Maybe that’s the key.

But it is actually not easy to thoroughly investigate soul planting. Because there are many methods of soul planting.

If it were Bai Zhe. Thinking based on his logic, what choice would he make?

This old fox will definitely choose the most secretive method.

Then there are only two methods.

The first method is to first find a suitable physical body. It is similar to the method used by the old devil during the military training exercises at the Sixth School.

For example, find the skeleton of a powerful person. Then use special psychic clay to simulate the physical body to fill the skeleton. Finally, transfer the soul to this physical body.

But it is actually not easy to match a suitable body.

And the process inside is very complicated. Mingyue Ye came to the earth not long ago. Without strengthening his own foundation, it is unrealistic to use money and modern technology to achieve this kind of operation.

Therefore, if you follow the first method of soul planting, all that is left is tomb robbing...

Soul planting by digging up the remains of ancient cultivators.

This is the cheapest and most practical method.

Once the soul is successfully planted, it can be put into use immediately.

The second method is to use external factors to directly seize the body.

The advantage of this is that it is more concealed than the first form of tomb robbing, and it is difficult to detect abnormalities.

As for the object of the body snatching, according to many rebirth and time travel routines, they must be some inconspicuous little characters. For example, a good-looking loser with almost zero cultivation talent. Or a handsome guy who is frail and sick and seems to die at any time. ..

That's right. These people have nothing but skin and no qualifications for cultivation.

Even in the context of modern scientific cultivation, if you don't have the slightest qualification for cultivation and are unwilling to work hard, it will be a matter of time before you are eliminated by the cultivation society.

Wang LingUnexpectedly, it is these ordinary inconspicuous people. Now there is the possibility of being planted with souls.

This idea is very bold. But it is indeed being cleaned up.

Soul planting sounds somewhat similar to Sun Ying'er's previous void creature invasion. But in fact it is fundamentally different.

Because a void is a void. It's another race. Wang Ling can be easily identified using King's Eyes.

But the souls planted are the souls of serious human cultivators.

In other words, there may be many hidden Eternals who, following the logic of Wang Ling, will possess those cultivators who were originally inconspicuous and live in human cities.

Until the day Bai Zhe gave the order. The inside and outside cooperated to take down the earth in one fell swoop.

"Sure enough. Back then, Dao Ancestor Wang collected most of the Eternals into the Corpse Map. Is there a reason..." Wang Ling thought to himself.

He always felt that Dao Ancestor Wang must have a reason for his actions.

Now, with the revelation of each incident, he feels more and more that Dao Ancestor Wang's actions are actually for precaution.

At the moment, Guo Hao and Chen Chao haven't left the game yet. Sun Rong here has successfully entered the Golden Core.

How to dig out those cultivators who are soul-planted and hidden on the earth. Wang Ling thinks this matter. Sun Rong may be able to help.

...

Zhuquemen Student Street. In a private room of a prosperous pancake and fruit shop.

Sun Rong woke up from lying on the table with the smell of pancakes and fruits.

"Miss Sun, are you awake?"

The people smiling at her were none other than Immortal Toya, who was dressed in disguise and wrapped himself tightly. There was also Wang Ling, who was eating crispy noodles filled with pancakes and fruit.

"I remember that I seemed to be practicing..."Sun Rong rubbed his face and said.

"That's right. Miss Sun has successfully broken through to the early stage of the Golden Core in the Mountain of Retrospection. Congratulations." Immortal Toya said with a smile: "This is the Chenji Pancake and Fruit Chain Store in Suzaku Gate."

"Chen Ji..."

Sun Rong searched the memory. Then suddenly it came to mind: "By the way. It's the name of Mr. Chen's pancake and fruit shop in front of 60 High School."

She was a little surprised. She didn't expect that Mr. Chen would open a chain store so quickly...

And this store is ridiculously big.

It was also the first time she knew that there were private rooms in the pancake and fruit shop!

"Miss Jiugong seems to be very passionate about pancakes and fruits, so she helped Uncle Chen open a branch in Zhuquemen Student Street."

Immortal Toya said while sipping tea. Because the private room was quiet and no one was disturbing or eavesdropping, his talk was quite open: "After you broke through the Golden Core, Ling Zhenren found me. He said he wanted to get me with you. Let's discuss something together."

"Then that's why I came here..." At this time, Sun Rong glanced at Wang Ling.

"That's right. It was Ling Zhenren who carried you here before Miss Sun woke up." Immortal Toya said so shockingly that all of a sudden, Sun Rong was confused.

"Back... carried on your back? In front of so many people?" Her face was red and her words were a bit incoherent.

"Ah. Sorry. It was my choice of words."

Immortal Toya smiled: "That posture shouldn't be considered a carrying. It's a carrying. Yes. It's carried over!"

"..."

"Ling Zhenren carried you and teleported here. But please don't worry, Miss Sun. There were not many people in the student street at that time. Almost no one saw you."

"Ha. Haha. That's really hard work for classmate Wang Ling..." Sun Rong couldn't laugh or cry.

"Ahem..."

At this time, Wang Ling coughed slightly and stopped the topic.

Immortal Toya quickly got back to business: "Well, I came to see Miss Sun this time. Actually, I want to ask Miss Sun for help. The current situation is like this..."

After spending a few minutes sorting out Wang Ling's inferences, Sun Rong finally understood what kind of inferences Wang Ling had made during his coma.

"According to what Senior Toya wants, that is to say, we need to use the power of our Sun family's Huaguo Shui Lian Group to find those who may have souls planted, right?" Sun Rong said.

"That's right. Especially those cultivators who are originally weak and inconspicuous. The possibility of them being soul-planted is very high."

Immortal Toya said: "However, as a high-level powerful person, when he possesses a relatively weak body, he usually uses his own means to transform the body. Refining elixirs and taking elixirs to change the body are routine operations. ."

"That is to say, in the following days, those cultivators who are obviously not strong but are buying precious spiritual plants to refine elixirs or trying to make elixirs, as well as those cultivators whose cultivation qualifications have undergone earth-shaking changes in a short period of time. He is a suspicious person."

"I understand, senior. Our Huaguo Shui Lian Group has controlled the elixir market for many years. I believe it shouldn't be difficult to monitor. But there is still one thing I don't know."

"Miss Sun, please tell me."

"Whether buying spiritual plants or refining elixirs, you need funds. So where does their money come from?" Sun Rong asked.

"Miss Sun underestimates these powerful people. www.uukanshu.net Since they can become powerful people in the eternal era and are the leaders of that era, then even in modern times, they still have their own means of making money."

Immortal Toya said: "According to Ling Zhenren's analysis, after the soul is planted, they will also obtain the memory of the original owner of the body on earth. Therefore, it is much easier to adapt to modern life than it was for senior Zhang Zhui and senior Li Xian. many."

"It seems that this is the god-making movement launched by Bai Zhe. It is indeed very dangerous." Sun Rong sighed.

"His intention has been seen through by Ling Zhenren. All we have to do next is to counterattack. So, we have to trouble Miss Sun about the monitoring. There is another thing that we have to ask Miss Sun."

"Senior, please tell me." Sun Rong replied politely.

She was clear in her heart. In fact, Immortal Toya's request was tantamount to Wang Ling's plan. She had no reason to refuse.

"I would like to ask Miss Sun whether she is qualified to enter the Sun family's ancestral land?"





Chapter 2019 The Ancestral Land of the Sun Family


Latest website: For a family that has always had a certain reputation in the world of cultivation, the importance and confidentiality of the family's ancestral land is self-evident.

Whether it is the Sun family who built the Huaguo Shui Lian Group through elixirs, the Xiang family who made their fortune through Talisman, or the Jiugong family who is famous for exterminating demons on Sun Island, almost all of them have their ancestral home.

However, the existence of the ancestral land is a secret. Only a few people know its existence. Because for these families, the ancestral land is an important place for the family's lifeline.

Not only does it contain important information that can be used by a large family at critical moments, it is also an important place in the family's feng shui and lifeline. If a hostile outsider knows the location, it is very likely that they will do harm.

Once the ancestral land is destroyed, it may directly affect the future destiny of the entire family.

Of course, the fewer people who know such an important secret, the better. And the family also has family rules for such top secrets. Anyone who leaks it is a traitor to the family and may be directly removed from the family and driven out. family.

So after hearing about Immortal Toya inquiring about the Sun family's ancestral land, Sun Rong frowned slightly.

"I know. The matter of the ancestral land is of great importance. If Miss Sun refuses to talk, I will understand." Immortal Toya sighed and said.

He had actually expected this result. The so-called filial piety comes first. Respecting ancestors is also a manifestation of filial piety. What's more, the big cultivating families who own the ancestral land have rules. Such rules cannot be easily broken.

"I'm sorry. Toya-senpai and...classmate Wang Ling."

Sun Rong's expression was also quite helpless. Wang Ling could clearly feel that she was nervous. Even her heartbeat speeded up involuntarily: "Only this matter. Even if I know about it, I can't tell you in detail. Said. Although I know that Toya-senpai and classmate Wang Ling definitely have no ill intentions..."

Regarding Sun Rong's answer. Immortal Toya was obviously a little surprised.

"Then what Miss Sun means, can it be understood that you don't know about it?"

"Yes, senior."

"But apart from you, the Sun family should have no other heirs, right?"

"The ancestral land is of great importance. Even the heir, as long as he has not ascended to the position of the head of the family, is unaware of it. I don't know what the rules of other families are. But the rules of the Sun family have been like this since ancient times."

Sun Rong said: "Generally speaking, the location of the ancestral land will be handed over by the previous generation head of the family in the form of a secret document only when the succeeding head of the family is confirmed. On the day of the succession ceremony."

"So that's what it is."

Immortal Toya nodded secretly. For most casual cultivators who are used to practicing independently, sometimes they really don’t understand the situation of the family very well.

In particular, the cultivation family has experienced many generations of evolution. In fact, there have been obvious changes between the ancient family and the modern cultivation family. There are many detailed issues that are difficult for people in the family to know the details.

"As for the news about the ancestral land, does Miss Sun know anything?"

"They are just some rumors..." Sun Rong said with an embarrassed smile: "Anyway, I heard that the ancestral home of the Sun family is a palace."

Palace?

Wang Ling raised his eyebrows: "No. Water Curtain Cave?"

"Aiyou. I found Wang Ling that you are quite humorous sometimes." Sun Rong couldn't help laughing immediately.

"..." Wang Ling.

"Although Shuiliandong is the ancestral property of my grandson family, it is just a real estate. And the place is too hidden. It is not suitable to use it as ancestral land. The ancestral land is a place where family secrets and heritage are sealed. ."

Sun Rong said this. He also became curious. He looked at Immortal Toya and Wang Ling and asked, "I know that classmate Wang Ling and Toya-senpai will not be surprised at the ancestral land of my Sun family. But I am still very curious... looking for those alien beings that have sneaked into the earth and the Eternal Ones who have sneaked in using soul planting methods. What does it have to do with the ancestral land of my Sun family? Why do seniors want to inquire about this matter?"

Immortal Toya heard this. He glanced at Wang Ling first. After Wang Ling nodded, he calmed down and spoke.

"That's it, Miss Sun. I wonder if you still remember the Yin-Yang Death Tribulation."

"Of course!"Sun Rong nodded.

That memory. She can never forget it to this day. The evil Heavenly DaoGolden Men, the Buddha Golden Lotus, the unspeakable place and... the end of the sky, the top of the palm. She wrote all these things clearly in a small notebook .

And the diary Sun Rong also made a decision.

That is, once he succeeds as the head of the family, he will directly seal this diary into the family ancestral land forever.

Sun Rong thought that the Yin and Yang Death Tribulation had long come to an end. Unexpectedly, the revival of the old incident was still related to it. And it was also a major event related to the ancestral land.

"It's not that the seal of the Unspeakable Land was loosened so that the evil Heavenly DaoGolden Men could take advantage of it. Moreover, classmate Wang Ling also took action in time."

"That's right. But the old man who predicted the Yin-Yang death disaster has not been found yet, hasn't he?"

"I remember that the old gentleman guessed that it was...Dao Ancestor Wang?"

"It's just a guess. But the specific identity is not yet known."

"So. How does this relate to our Sun family's ancestral land?"

"This is Ling Zhenren's idea. Although I don't know how Ling Zhenren came to this conclusion." At this time, Immortal Toya looked at Sun Rong. He said seriously: "But since it is Ling Zhenren's statement. That should be an inference. Ling Zhenren suspects that the ancestor of the Sun family may still be alive..."

The scene was silent for a long moment.

Sun Rong's pupils began to tremble violently and contract.

The Sun family...the ancestor?

Still alive?

If this was the inference made by others, it would be impossible for Sun Rong to believe this. But this is the conclusion reached by Wang Ling.

In fact, this is also a brand-new speculation of Wang Ling based on this soul planting incident.

He has been looking for Dao Ancestor Wang all this time. And he can confirm that Dao Ancestor Wang is indeed still alive in the universe.

Because the spirit of his Dharma. www.uukanshu.netZheng. is still alive in the universe.

If Dao Ancestor Wang splits, then Zheng will naturally cease to exist.

Previously, Wang Ling had suspected that the person who proposed the yin-yang death calamity to Sun Rong was Dao Ancestor Wang himself. As for why the old man's focus was now shifted to the ancestor of the Sun family. In fact Shang is also inseparable from Dao Ancestor Wang.

There is one thing that Wang Ling did not mention to Sun Rong because it involves too many things. The more Sun Rong knows, the more dangerous it will be.

Because now he is very doubtful.

Perhaps Dao Ancestor Wang used the method of soul planting a long time ago and became an earth cultivator.

According to the deduction results of various Heavenly Dao spells of Wang Ling.

If Dao Ancestor Wang uses soul planting to change his identity, the most suitable body on earth for Dao Ancestor Wang to plant is the founder of the Sun family who was sealed in the Sun family's ancestral land ten thousand years ago...





Chapter 2020 The founder of the Sun family and Laojun


Of course. The above are just bold inferences made by Wang Ling based on the latest clues obtained so far. He once suspected that the fortune teller was Peng Xiren. Even the monk had a face-to-face meeting with Peng Xiren. Ask him if he knows about this.

Judging from Peng Xiren's reaction and attitude at that time, it seemed that he didn't want to admit it... but this was exactly Peng Xiren's deception. If he had admitted it directly and clearly, he would have doubted the authenticity.

If you think about it carefully, Peng Xiren himself has never taken the initiative to admit this.

This makes Wang Ling more suspicious that Peng Xiren is the fortune teller.

The most important thing is that since Peng Xiren was defeated by him last time, he seems to have become a lot more "behaved". However, this kind of person's character is naturally restless.

"So the purpose of classmate Wang Ling and Senior Toya wanting to enter the ancestral land is to... verify whether the ancestor of our Sun family is still in the ancestral land?" Sun Rong asked at this moment.

"That's right." Immortal Toya nodded and said, "But if even Miss Sun doesn't know about it, then there's nothing we can do. Ling Zhenren originally wanted to entrust me with this matter, and then he did it to me in secret. Protection. He was worried that if he went there in person, he might alert others. If you really want to talk about it, I actually have some connections with the founder of the Sun family."

"Origin?"

"I attended the Sun family's ancestor worship ceremony five hundred years ago as a friend." Immortal Toya said with a smile.

"Senior...know the ancestor of our Sun family?"Sun Rong was shocked.

She also knew about the ancestor worship ceremony. It was held every five hundred years. However, the location of the ancestor worship was not in the Sun family's ancestral land. Instead, Feng Shui calculations found the best location to place the altar near the ancestral land.

In other words, the actual location of the ancestor worship ceremony is actually very close to the Sun family's ancestral land. The radius distance does not exceed 1,000 kilometers...

This range may sound a bit far away, but the world of cultivation is vast. It is common for cultivators flying with swords to reach speeds exceeding one thousand kilometers per hour in areas with no speed limit. So for cultivators, it really doesn't count. too far.

However, it is not easy to find a secret altar within this range.

In addition to hiding its location, the ancestral land of the family will also be encrypted based on the terrain. With the ability of the ancestor of the Sun family, many warning traps and illusion traps may be placed near the ancestral land. Only the head of the Sun family knows how to safely enter the ancestral land. local method.

Of course, if Wang Ling wants, he can force it to find it. But the damage to the Sun family's ancestral land will be irreversible...

In addition, Wang Ling can also forcibly retrieve the memory of Boss Sun to know the location of Dao Ancestor. However, that is also risky.

Mr. Boss Sun is a good man. I gave him many limited edition crispy noodles as gifts before. Wang Ling is certainly not an ungrateful person.

Although he never believed that destroying the ancestral land would destroy the lifeline of the entire family, the beliefs of others should still be respected.

Let’s get back to the subject. Let’s talk about the ancestor worship ceremony itself.

Those who are qualified to participate in the ancestor worship ceremony. In addition to the direct blood relatives of the Sun family, the rest are friends in the cultivation world who have close relations with the Sun family. Among them are many famous and powerful people. Descendants of those close friends the founder of the Sun family made.

However, the participation of outsiders from the Sun family has been limited over the years. That is to say, there is a limit on the number of people. Those who can participate must be those who have the closest relationship with the Sun family at this stage.

This is the first time Sun Rong heard Immortal Toya talk about how he participated in the ancestor worship ceremony as a friend five hundred years ago. So he was very surprised.

At this time, Immortal Toya took out a golden gourd pendant from his arms.

"This is..." Sun Rong saw the pendant. His eyes flickered. There was a bit of shock in it.

"As Miss Sun sees it, this is the property of my ancestor, Lao Jun. It was also passed down to me by my master. Once the candidate for the true disciple is confirmed.

Then he would pass this thing on. "That's it." When I saw this gourd pendant, Sun Rong understood everything at once.

Wang Ling has some questions: "Who is Laojun?"

"Classmate Wang Ling doesn't know something. Laojun is an ancient senior who lived at the same time as the ancestor of my Sun family. His strength is unfathomable. Although it is rumored that he died while traveling in the universe, he may still be alive. uncertain."

"..." Wang Ling's mouth twitched slightly.

Another space tour...

He immediately thought of the immortal people from Zhenyuan.

Wang Ling discovered. It seems that those powerful people always have the idea of leaving the earth to go to extraterrestrial places. And then if something unexpected happens, they will never come back...

But this is actually not difficult to understand.

After all, I have the idea of going out to the universe. In essence, I still want to understand a higher realm. When the earth is no longer invincible, I want to feel the vastness of the universe. In fact, it is indeed helpful to enlightenment.

"I heard from my grandpa that the ancestor secretly ate a lot of elixirs from senior Lao Jun. Then the two got to know each other like that. Not only did Lao Jun not blame the ancestor, but the two of them became very good friends."

"That's okay..." Wang Ying couldn't help complaining in Wang Ling's body.

"Because Senior Laojun's elixir is said to be very unpalatable. It is astringent and bitter. But I don't know why our ancestor can eat it with gusto like jelly beans."

In fact, Sun Rong doesn’t know too much about the past. It’s just a rough idea. She said: “So under such friendship, the first ancestor fought like this. A pendant. And gave it to Laojun as a witness of friendship. In the ancestral precepts of our Sun family, there is also a record of the pendant. Anyone who owns this pendant is a friend of my Sun family, and will always be eligible to participate in the Sun family sacrifices. Ancestor Ceremony."

Hearing this, Wang Ling's thoughts were like seeing the sun through the clouds. He suddenly realized.

It turned out to be a friendship recorded in group training. Then this relationship is indeed extraordinary...

The reason why he asked Immortal Toya to do this was because he just casually asked about the situation. Unexpectedly, Immortal Toya immediately came forward and took the initiative to find him, saying that he might have a way to enter the Sun family's ancestral land.

It's just that Wang Ling never thought that there is such an ancient friendship between the master of Immortal Toya and the ancestor of the Sun family.

Now it seems that this confidence is indeed well-founded.

"Let's do this. Wang Ling..."

At this time, Sun Rong suddenly thought of a way: "Should we try to go to the place where the ancestor worship ceremony was held five hundred years ago? Although the scope is quite large, there may not be any results. But after all, I He is also a descendant of the Sun family. Maybe he can use his sixth sense to detect the idea of the ancestor's layout of the ancestral land."

"Is this okay, Miss Sun?" Immortal Toya asked.

"It's just a casual stroll. I didn't say that I would definitely find the ancestral land."

Sun Rong laughed: "If this is discovered by accident, it can only be regarded as an accidental entry. In life, no one has ever had an accident happen... I remember hearing my grandfather mention it. There were people in the past. I accidentally entered the Sun family's ancestral land and almost died there. It was my grandfather who took him out."

"There are other things like this. Isn't there any problem? What if the secret of the ancestral land is revealed..."

"No. Later that person became my grandma."

"..."





Chapter 2021 The mysterious signal from the center of the earth and the place of sacrifice


Latest website: Becoming...grandma?

Wang Ling and Immortal Toya couldn't help but look at each other in confusion.

Then Immortal Toya really couldn't hold back the desire to complain in his heart. He looked at Sun Rong and laughed: "Maybe Miss Sun also wants me and Ling Zhenren to get into it by mistake. But Miss Sun has to think about it." Now. In our country of cultivation, polyandry is impossible. You have to choose well..."

This was a joke. It was teasing and hinting. Sun Rong immediately blushed upon hearing this.

She repeatedly waved her hands and vetoed: "No...I didn't think so! Senior, please don't make fun of me! I just want to help you..."

To be honest, that's what she said, but in her heart she was still looking forward to it.

Regarding the relationship between my grandparents. Sun Rong actually doesn’t know much about it.

And sometimes she once suspected that her grandma mistakenly entered the Sun family's ancestral land. Maybe it was the result of grandpa's deliberate guidance.

Because after grandma was rescued, Sun Rong knew that the relationship between the two began to heat up rapidly.

Of course. The above gossip was all heard by Sun Rong from his second grandfather who lived in seclusion all year round and was unsmiling.

It is said that the subsequent emotional development of the two people was unusually smooth. Her grandfather seemed to have laid a dragnet so that her grandmother had nowhere to escape.

Finally, they came together.

Faced with such a powerful attack, it seems that no one can withstand the test.

As for the Sun family, they have always been the ones taking the initiative to attack!

If you meet someone you like, you will express your feelings directly and clearly!

This also includes the time when my grandson's father chased his grandson's mother.

It was only when she arrived at Sun Rong that she started to doubt that she was born...

...

Huaguo Shui Lian Group Building. Sun Yiyuan stood in front of a mirror and was arranging his clothes. After checking the overall look, the stylist beside him left the office with his team with satisfaction.

At the same moment, Jiang Xiaoche, who had been waiting outside for a long time, pushed in and said, "Sir, the Songhai City Cultivator Representative Association has determined the time. It will be held at noon the day after tomorrow."

"What about the content of the meeting? Is there any announcement?" Sun Yiyuan asked.

"That's right. The content of this meeting is to discuss the sustainable development of the Earth Center Project."

"Just this?"

"There is also the issue of the mysterious signals sent from the center of the earth... The higher-ups plan to also pass this meeting to understand the thoughts of the representatives. Here is a detailed report." Jiang Xiaoche handed over the folder in his hand. .

"Sure enough, this matter is not groundless."

Sun Yiyuan sighed. He frowned. He seemed to have known about this for a long time.

Jiang Xiaoche stood aside, not daring to say anything. With Sun Yiyuan's status in the world of cultivation, it would be easy to find out some information.

Sun Yiyuan had heard about the mysterious signal before. It was a rumor he heard from a friend at the Academy of Sciences.

According to the existing evidence, although the mysterious signal came from the center of the earth, after data monitoring and analysis, it was found that the source of the signal was actually an alien signal from an extraterrestrial civilization... And this mysterious alien signal Signal. Compare with all existing alien databases from Guo Ping. None of them can compare.

Then we can draw two conclusions by classifying this matter.

First. The earth's inner earth world. Humans are not the first race to explore. Long before human cultivators, alien beings have entered and hidden in the inner earth world. Although according to existing scientific methods. Before entering the inner earth world, no blood signals related to alien creatures had been detected.

Second. There are wormholes leading to alien planets deep in the earth's inner world.

Sun Yiyuan believes that the second possibility is the highest.

But no matter which inference it is, the risks brought by traveling to the inner earth world will be greatly intensified.

After all, it will not be long before the elite teams of young cultivators selected from various countries will enter the inner earth world and compete in a safe area that has been calculated.

This matter has been planned for a long time. Now I received this mysterious signal...

So. Should we respond to this mysterious signal?

After looking at the information, Sun Yiyuan put the folder on the table. He rubbed his eyebrows with a slight headache: "By the way. Where is Rongrong? I just sent her a message. She didn't reply to me either."

Jiang Xiaoche quickly turned on his watch. He looked at the electronic map and said, "Sir, the lady's spiritual power signal was detected near Donghai, Songhai City."

"East China Sea?" Sun Yiyuan laughed: "Nine times out of ten, she went to play at Palm Cliff. She went there several times during these days."

"It's not necessarily Master Zhangzhongya. The lady's location is far away from Palmya. To be precise, the current lady should be on the sea..."

"On the sea?" Upon hearing this, Sun Yiyuan couldn't help but feel a drop of cold sweat on his cheek.

"Master...what's wrong?"

"No. It's okay..."

Sun Yiyuan looked at Jiang Xiaoche: "Xiaoche. Regarding my afternoon schedule, please help me cancel it. Now I have some personal matters to deal with."

"But the afternoon schedule is very important, sir. This is the annual joint reception for entrepreneurs in the cultivation world. This year, our Huaguo Shui Lian Group has signed strategic cooperation agreements with the Office of Strategic Deception and the Jiugong family. It will definitely be the focus."

"It doesn't matter. It's all trivial." Sun Yiyuan wiped his hands with a handkerchief: "Go find the second master and ask him if he is willing to go. If he is unwilling to go, Xiaoche, you can participate on my behalf."

"..."

Jiang Xiaoche was flattered. Seeing Sun Yiyuan's firm attitude, he didn't dare to say anything more. He had no choice but to agree: "Yes, sir."

A while ago, he made many mistakes and acted arrogantly. So during this period, he kept to himself and became very down-to-earth and peaceful.

This time was a chance. Jiang Xiaoche felt that if he could perform well, he might be able to restore his image in Sun Yiyuan's mind.

...

At the same time. On the other side.

The Sun family's sacrificial place is near the East China Sea. When the three of them rushed here, Wang Ling found that the area in this area happened to cover the palm that he accidentally made when he rescued Sun Rong. Cliff.

The blue waves are surging on the endless sea. The sunny weather adds a touch of warmth to the East China Sea today. The entire sea surface is sparkling. From time to time, there are spiritual fish jumping up, showing a natural and harmonious atmosphere.

Wang Ling frowned. www.uukanshu.net used King's Eyes to explore the seabed in this area. It was found that there was no other abnormality.

So that means the entrance to the Sun family's ancestral land may not be under the sea?

His King's Eyes have the ability to distinguish all illusions. If there is an illusion trap near the East China Sea, it will be useless. It will be easily resolved by Wang Ling.

Maybe. Is it some other means?

Wang Ling had a hypothesis in his mind.

Because he deduced that the ancestor of the Sun family was Dao Ancestor Wang himself. So if this is the case, Dao Ancestor Wang might use his own methods to re-deconstruct the entrance to the Sun family's ancestral land.

If this is indeed the method used by Dao Ancestor Wang, then it cannot be deduced using normal earth cultivation knowledge...

Wang Ling feels that maybe he should consider the problem from another angle.

7017k





Chapter 2022 Wang Ling’s Great Rewind Technique


Latest website: Hundreds of years ago. The place where the Sun family worshiped their ancestors was on the East China Sea.

Sun Yiyuan clearly remembers that at that time, he followed the guidance of the Heavenly Master who controlled the location for the Sun family's ancestor worship. He spent huge financial resources to build a temporary artificial floating island on the East China Sea for worship.

Therefore, the sacrificial ceremony that year also caused a great sensation. Just for this floating island used for temporary sacrificial rituals, the Sun family even obtained approval for reclamation.

After the sacrificial ceremony, this temporarily built artificial floating island was not wasted. It was later put into use by Huaxiu Alliance for maritime training.

After all, it is an artificially constructed floating island. It has also been used for maritime training. After many rounds of spiritual bombings, the Sun family's sacrificial island has now become a wreckage.

When he heard that the coordinates of Sun Rong appeared in the East China Sea, Sun Yiyuan almost immediately thought of the sacrificial rituals hundreds of years ago. After all, the Sun family does not rely on the sea for food. The family does not have aquatic products business. Moreover, no trading port was established near the East China Sea. The only connection with the East China Sea was the sacrificial ceremony held hundreds of years ago.

What is Rongrong doing in the East China Sea?

Could it be that he knows the way to enter the ancestral land and is curious to take a look?

Or was it hinted and instigated by someone?

Sun Yiyuan suddenly became a little nervous. It was against the clan rules to enter the ancestral land without permission.

Yes. Under normal circumstances, if you want to enter the ancestral land, it is not impossible...

But it must be approved by the owner of the jade tube. The jade tube used for instructions will record the detailed instruction time. And this time cannot be changed.

Because there is a recorder in the ancestral land. The time displayed on the jade tube must be before the recorder. In other words, even if Sun Yiyuan deliberately lies for Sun Rong, there is nothing he can do if Sun Rong makes a wrong step. The circle is back.

He trained Sun Rong as the future successor of the Sun family. If he doesn't pay attention to this now, it will be dangerous once he is caught by other shareholders of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group.

In the process of rushing to the East China Sea, Sun Yiyuan had a lot of thoughts in his mind. Based on his understanding of Sun Rong's personality, he believed that his granddaughter was not someone who would easily leave clues.

Caution has always been her synonym. And she has been taught the clan rules since childhood. She should know the stakes of this matter.

I just hope things don't go as he imagined...

Sun Yiyuan couldn't help but shed a drop of cold sweat on his cheek. He accelerated his sword and headed towards the East China Sea. The huge extended version of the luxurious spirit sword passed through the void, attracting many people's attention.

...

"Strange. I remember that the Island of Sacrifice should be near here. How come I can't see it?"

Since Wang Ling could not find any clues after several explorations above the surface of the East China Sea, Sun Rong suggested going to the Sacrifice Island to take a look.

Although the Island of Sacrifice was bombed into rubble a long time ago due to training, it is no longer what it used to be. But Sun Rong has always had an intuition. It may not necessarily be possible to detect anything on the Island of Sacrifice.

She followed the coordinates in her memory and formed an air sword team with Wang Ling and Immortal Toya. Together they rushed to the coordinates with their swords. As a result, the sponge underneath was nothing.

Then, Wang Ling's spiritual consciousness extended. It penetrated directly into the void. According to Sun Rong's description, it touched the location of the island of sacrifice.

This is a method of phantom time retrieval. It can perform phantom retracement of a designated area, thereby simulating what specifically happened here before...

Wang Ling is also called: the Great Rewind Technique.

Although the area of effect is limited, the advantage is that this method will not cause time and space confusion. The key is that it can also be used for reasoning to solve crimes and understand what happened before.

As the spell was cast, the remains of the Island of Sacrifice emerged like a mirage on the sea in front of them.

"It's the island of sacrifice!" Sun Rong was surprised.

"It's just an illusion. Don't be too excited. Miss Sun." At this time, Immortal Toya's voice suddenly sounded.

Everyone continued to watch the illusion's retrospective demonstration. Then a mysterious figure in a robe appeared. The other person seemed to be injured. He swam and climbed up to the island of sacrifice. His body movements were particularly strange. There were A feeling of disharmony in the limbs. At the same time, he also released a dim red-blue aura...

"Huh? This doesn't seem to be the same person?"

Immortal Toya saw this scene and gave a strange look: "Why do I look like an injured weapon spirit?"

This is a judgment based solely on his many years of experience.

And the facts prove that Immortal Toya's judgment was not wrong.

Because Wang Ling recognized the identity of the injured weapon spirit at a glance...

That's right. It was Mingyue Ye who was taken care of by me not long ago. In order to save her life, she was forced to become the spirit of the wand.

It stands to reason that after he transforms into the wand spirit, his appearance will also change. But Wang Ling can still tell him apart at a glance...

"It's a bright moon night."Wang Ling sighed.

He thought this was an evil fate...

Wang Ling feels as if every time he saves someone's life, this kind of operation will always happen.

Just like when he killed Er Ha three times back then. This bright moon night actually appeared in front of him again and again...

"Oh. So it's him."

Sun Rong and Immortal Toya nodded one after another. They both suddenly came to their senses.

But why did this guy come to the Sun family's sacrificial island after he was beaten away...

At this time, the retrospective illusion formed by the Great Rewind Technique was broadcast to the most critical scene. It happened to answer the common question in everyone's mind.

I saw that after landing on the island of sacrifice on this bright moonlit night, I actually bent down and started licking the entire island.

This scene made the three of them look stunned.

"I understand..." Immortal Toya tapped his palms. He seemed to have thought of something and said, "I remember that the base construction material of the Island of Sacrifice was a precious medicinal coral called Tianwai Coral. But although it is medicinal coral, it cannot be used as medicine."

"Senior, do you know why?"

"This kind of medicinal coral will lose its medicinal properties once it is exposed to heat. Therefore, it can only exert its medicinal properties when chewed raw. But this thing is too hard. Even the Itinerant Immortal state cannot chew it. How can normal people have such teeth? So this The coral is also known as the tasteless coral."

"A coral that even the Itinerant Immortal realm can't chew on?"

To put it bluntly, powerful people with truly high realms can’t look down upon the corals in the sky. But cultivators with low realms can’t chew it. That’s why it’s called tasteless.

However, in recent years, a small group of weapon refiners have been testing the use of tasteless coral in the past few years. They believe that adding a little bit of tasteless coral when refining can improve the toughness of spiritual weapons.

Today's Mingyue Night is due to physical damage. This entire floating island made of outer corals is not looked down upon by others. www.uukanshu.net But it is of great value to him.

Now he has become a weapon spirit. Therefore, this floating island is a rich mine for him.

There is an old saying that goes: You get what you eat.

Therefore, the behavior of eating the sacrificial island on a bright moonlit night also happened to prove that the operation of the weapon refiners adding tasteless corals in the weapon refining process was completely correct...

Looking at the scene played by the retrospective illusion in front of them, the three of them fell into silence for a long time.

After watching it for a few more minutes, in the scene of the retrospection, the shadow of a huge whale emerged from the bottom of the sea. Its island-like body rolled up huge waves, causing the waves on the East China Sea to surge rapidly. .

Then, it let out a roar and swallowed up Mingyue Ye and the entire remnant Sun Family Sacrifice Island in one go...





Chapter 2023 Rescued 1. Mr. Hidden Fox?


Latest website: Judging from the illusion of the Great Rewind Technique, this whale is extremely large. It is hundreds of times larger than the normal spirit whale. It is an ancient whale that has lived for at least thousands of years. .

"The back of this whale is almost like a sun island, isn't it?" Sun Rong was also particularly surprised.

Then she looked at Wang Ling with a look of realization. The two of them had the same mind. They thought of the same thing almost instantly: "Could it be that... our Sun family's ancestral land wants the body of this ancient whale?"

"Very possible."

Immortal Toya also agreed with this view. But then he frowned and said, "But this ancient whale is too big. Even if it is hidden in the deep sea, once it surfaces, the shock wave caused will not cause a small-scale tsunami. Not surprising. But judging from the retrospection effect of the illusion just now, this ancient whale should have the ability to independently control the size of its body."

"In other words, it deliberately kept its body like an ordinary spirit whale when it floated up. Then when it approached the target, it instantly enlarged its body and swallowed it directly. Then it returned its body to normal size?" Sun Rong asked.

"Yeah." Wang Ling nodded. This directly verified Sun Rong's guess.

This is the most reasonable answer that can be thought of at present. Otherwise, it stands to reason that such a large ancient whale would not have been detected.

In addition, Wang Ling also remembered that in recent years there have been rumors of prehistoric spiritual beasts in the depths of the East China Sea. This further strengthened Wang Ling's inner thoughts.

If this ancient whale had the ability to independently control the size of its body, then it would be difficult to detect it by disguising itself as an ordinary spirit whale and mixing in among the spirit whales on the seabed.

Of course. What surprised Wang Ling a little was not the ability of this ancient whale to control the size of its body. It was the fact that this ancient whale actually had space-based abilities.

On the earth, there are very few spiritual beasts with space spell abilities. The most common spell ability of many space spirit beasts is teleportation. Even if the distance is not too far, such a one can control space spells. Spirit beasts can also be sold for sky-high contract prices.

If his reasoning is correct, the Sun family's ancestral land is likely to be in the body of this ancient whale.

And this ancient whale that has lived for thousands of years... No, it may have lived for tens of thousands of years. The space system ability it controls is more advanced than the space system ability currently known on the earth!

This is a devouring ability.

It's called "Whale Swallowing the World". Wang Ling is only known from those mythical beasts bred from chaos.

In this case, the origin of this ancient whale is a bit intriguing.

There might actually be a chaotic beast hidden in this huge East China Sea?

Moreover, he lies low-key and dormant in the depths of the East China Sea all year round. He only surfaces when the Sun family needs to worship their ancestors and allows the head of the Sun family to enter...

Sure enough, the founder of the Sun family back then was not an ordinary person.

There have been rumors in the world of cultivation for a long time that Zhenyuan Immortal is the first person on earth to break through the realm and reach the realm of Venerated Immortal.

But in fact, Wang Ling has an intuition. He feels that this may also be the result of the joint efforts of some powerful people hiding behind the scenes.

They launched Zhenyuan Immortal, the first Venerated Immortal, and then hid themselves behind the scenes to use this as a cover...

This method is actually similar to Wang Ling pushing Zhuo Yi out to block the front.

...

"Help...help..."

While Wang Ling was thinking about how to find this ancient whale from the bottom of the sea, a disembodied cry for help attracted the attention of three people in the void.

Sun Rong saw a humanoid creature that looked very similar to a Tibetan fox floating on the sea holding a piece of driftwood from a distance. His condition looked very wrong. He was very weak. He made an extremely weak cry for help. .

If Wang Ling hadn't been able to clearly distinguish the sound from the unfathomable realm, no one would have noticed the cry for help from this humanoid creature. Because the sound of the waves was much louder, it would have directly covered his voice.

Sun Rong saw this and almost immediately took out a golden pellet from the storage bag. Then he threw it into the sea.

This pill looks like a pill, but it's actually a concentrated magic weapon. It can condense huge objects into this small pill and put it to use at critical moments.

Generally, the most common thing is to seal the Spirit Bus inside.

However, the Sun family has a big business. Naturally, there are many things that can be sealed.

When Sun Rong dropped the meatball into the sea, accompanied by a burst of rising white mist, a huge submarine came directly into everyone's sight.

"..." Wang Ling saw this. The corners of his eyes couldn't help but twitch.

"As expected of you. Miss Sun..." Immortal Toya was also surprised. Although he had long been reminded of the tyranny of the Sun family, the operation of directly summoning a submarine was a bit unexpected.

"The props I have here can be used on the sea. This is the smallest size." Sun Rong said. He took out another ball: "This one has an aircraft carrier sealed inside."

"..." Wang Ling, Immortal Toya.

"That's not necessary. Miss Sun, it's more important to save people..." Immortal Toya smiled awkwardly and not politely. Then he followed Wang Ling, Sun Rong and landed on the door with the character "Sun" engraved on it. On a huge submarine.

Sun Rong summoned Aohai. Use the power of Aohai to gently lift a water column. He directly picked up Mr. Zanghu floating on the sea in the distance.

"Ahem..." Mr. Zanghu, who was rescued, kept spitting out seawater. He looked extremely painful.

"Are you okay, sir? Hey. It stands to reason that you have already cultivated into human form. You should be very strong. Why can't you swim?" Sun Rong asked with concern, looking at the humanoid creature in front of him.

After Immortal Toya urgently checked the other party's body, he looked at Sun Rong and smiled bitterly: "Miss Sun...this gentleman is not a humanoid spirit beast...but a serious human being." "

Sun Rong heard this. His face instantly turned red: "I'm sorry, sir...I. I didn't mean it."

"It's okay...I'm often misunderstood by people. I'm used to it. And people do call me Mr. Zanghu as a nickname. It doesn't matter..."

After speaking, Mr. Zanghu waved his fox tail behind him. He swallowed the spiritual power supply pill handed over by Immortal Toya. He felt that his weak body had recovered a lot: "That's it. This is a side effect of my practice. . would make me a kind of half-orc."

"On land. www.uukanshu.net With my Nascent Soul stage, I naturally wouldn't be in such a mess... But ever since the side effects of my technique took shape, my body seems to have become particularly afraid of sea water. As long as it touches When I reach the sea water, my body’s spiritual energy will drain away faster..."

"So that's it." The three people on the submarine all understood after hearing this.

If the side effects of the exercises are not taken seriously at the beginning, it will indeed cause very unnecessary trouble. Just like Mr. Wang Zukang and Taotie Taoist.

In fact, in the world of cultivation, there are quite a few human cultivators who have permanently turned into half-orcs due to the side effects of their exercises.

"Since you are afraid of sea water, why does Mr. Zanghu come to the sea?"

"Well..." Mr. Zanghu wrung out the seawater from his fox tail and said, "Actually, I am a popular science scholar in the world of cultivation. My real name is Xiao Liang. People give me the nickname Mr. Zanghu. I have always been I heard that there may be prehistoric spiritual beasts in the East China Sea. That’s why I couldn’t suppress my curiosity and came here to investigate."

7017k





Chapter 2024 Identification of popular spiritual beasts on the Internet


Xiao Liang?

Immortal Toya frowned. Then he showed a look of realization: "So you are the famous science popularizer Dr. Xiao!"

"Dr. Xiao?" Sun Rong and Wang Ling were confused at the same time.

"His self-media account is called Infinite Xiaoliang." Immortal Toya replied.

"It turns out to be Teacher Xiaoliang..." Sun Rong was also surprised. It turns out that she herself is also a fan of Dr. Xiao.

The series of videos on identifying popular spiritual beasts on the Internet have been viewed more than tens of billions on major self-media platforms. He is a very popular self-media author!

In addition, he has the support of a high degree of education. In recent years, the name "Infinite Xiaoliang" has almost become a phenomenon in the cultivation science circle.

It even directly led to the fact that no one could remember the real name of Dr. Xiao. Instead, they kept calling him Teacher Xiaoliang or Mr. Zanghu.

"But Teacher Xiaoliang. I remember when you were live broadcasting, you were still in human form?" Sun Rong was confused.

Although this teacher Xiaoliang's human form looks somewhat similar to a Tibetan fox... But overall, the unsmiling explanation style is still very interesting.

"After all, the live broadcast time is not long. You can still maintain it for a period of time by consuming spiritual energy and using the shape-shifting technique to transform into a human form. But it can only last for an hour to two hours at most. So I usually go offline after 50 minutes of live broadcast." Mr. Fox sighed and said helplessly.

"But this should be your secret. Tell us are you okay..." Sun Rong asked politely.

"You should call me Mr. Zanghu. No need to use honorifics. Although you didn't recognize me, I recognize you. You are the eldest lady of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group."

Mr. Zanghu said: "In my latest video update, I just talked about the tasteless coral. I also mentioned the issue of the Sun family's sacrificial island hundreds of years ago. Of course, I recognize Miss Sun. Classmate Sun is both good in character and learning. . Your character is guaranteed. Of course I believe you will not tell anyone. As for the two people next to you, I recognize Immortal Toya-senpai..."

As he spoke, he turned his gaze to Wang Ling.

Wang Ling only gave Immortal Toya a look. Immortal Toya immediately understood. He scratched his head and said with a smile, "Don't worry, Mr. Zanghu. This classmate Wang. is my disciple."

"Eh? When did you accept a disciple? Why haven't I heard of it?"

"I collected it secretly." Immortal Toya said with a smile: "This counts as me exchanging secrets with Mr. Zanghu. Isn't it?"

"It makes sense. This way we can even out the situation."

Zanghu nodded. Then he looked at Wang Ling: "So this classmate Wang. is also a fan of mine?"

"..."

Wang Ling fell silent.

He actually doesn't pay much attention to news about cultivation and popular science...

After all, he wanted to check something. Just ask Heavenly Dao directly.

No matter how sophisticated the science of cultivation is in this world, it is not as accurate as asking Heavenly Dao directly.

After all, the operating rules of everything in today's world of cultivation are actually derived from Heavenly Dao.

All creatures, spells and other things related to cultivation. They are just branches, branches, fruits and leaves derived from Heavenly Dao...

Seeing Wang Ling, there was no reply. The situation became awkward for a while. Zanghu actually didn't expect that there would be high school students these days who were not fans of him. He didn't watch his videos.

"Don't be surprised, Mr. Zanghu. My disciple is usually like this. He doesn't have much contact with the Internet. He is a person who is obsessed with spiritual practice." Immortal Toya saw this and quickly bowed to smooth things over.

Hearing this, the expression on Zanghu's face instantly relaxed a lot: "So that's it. That's very rare! Today's young people are always scrolling around with their mobile phones. They can really isolate themselves from the Internet and calm down. There are indeed very few people coming."

"Let's not talk about this anymore. Mr. Zanghu."

Immortal Toya smiled and said: "I want to ask Mr. Zanghu. Since Mr. Zanghu came here for the prehistoric spirit whale, is there anything to gain? I am not satisfied with what Mr. Zanghu said. We also came here for this spirit whale. Come.

"Hahaha. What a great relationship! Exploring the secrets together will give you a greater sense of accomplishment! Information sharing!"

Zanghu said: "And you may not believe it when I tell you. I really saw that guy! But that guy was very fierce. He just pulled my boat apart with his tail... so I was floating on the sea like that. ."

After saying that, he stared at the submarine at his feet. The light in his pupils flickered: "Now that we have this submarine, I think it shouldn't be difficult to find that guy!"

"Does Mr. Zanghu have this confidence?"

"That's natural. I know the habits of spiritual whales very well." Mr. Zanghu said confidently. He is afraid of sea water. But now that he has this submarine, his path to find this prehistoric spiritual whale has become much more steadfast. point.

Looking at the huge "black fish" under his feet, Tibetan Fox squatted down and touched it. He couldn't help but praise: "As expected of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. This is the sixth generation of cultivation submarines. Not only is the internal system completely made in China." Even the chips are all independently developed and created by our country."

As a popular science scholar of cultivation, I can only say that Mr. Zanghu is worthy of being Mr. Zanghu.

Not only does he have a lot of research on spiritual beasts, but also on knowledge about the world of cultivation. He has dabbled in it more or less.

"Then Mr. Zanghu knows how many generations the latest one is now?"

"This is not convenient to disclose. You have to know that the technology that can be used for commercial sales is the latest on the market. But in fact... it is not necessarily the latest. It is usually sold for one generation. Hide one generation and then study the next generation. "

"..."

...

After entering the submarine's operating space, he was faced with a dazzling array of instrument panels. Mr. Zanghu was also very familiar with it.

"Mr. Zanghu can also drive a submarine?"

"No. But in fact, the sixth-generation submarine is not difficult to control. Because the system and chips are the latest. Just use artificial intelligence mode to control it."

He first turned on the power. Then he placed his palm directly on the induction control screen: "Look, now I just need to put my hand on this control screen. I can directly let the control screen read my brain thoughts, thus allowing the submarine to operate. Get moving."

As soon as he finished speaking, a string of system red text warnings appeared on the electronic glass screen in front of him.

[Alert! Smart sensor operating system read failed!]

[Do not place your pet’s palm on the sensor screen!]

For a moment, everyone in the submarine fell into silence.

"I'll do it. Senior Tibetan Fox..." Sun Rong said.

"Okay..." Although he didn't say it, it could be seen that Mr. Zanghu was a little desperate at this time.

When the submarine successfully entered the intelligent driving mode under the thinking consciousness of Sun Rong, Zanghu suddenly noticed a key question: "By the way, Classmate Sun, does this submarine have enough energy reserve? I think the current The remaining energy can only last for two hours at most."

"It's okay, senior. We have plenty of energy."

"Have you brought enough spirit stones?" Zanghu said, "I suggest you go to the energy furnace now to replenish the spirit stones to avoid the problem of insufficient battery life."

Wang Ling heard this. He silently pulled out a piece of his hair and handed it to Immortal Toya...





Chapter 2025: Immortal. My level is low. Don’t lie to me.


Latest website: Seeing that the energy of the submarine was instantly increased to full capacity. Mr. Zanghu felt relieved: "As expected of the Sun family in charge of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. Even the submarine sealed in Jinwanli There are ample energy reserves."

"This... this is natural. Our Sun family has always been cautious." Sun Rong said with a slight smile.

She looked at Mr. Zanghu's thumbs up. She quickly straightened her head and stared at the screen in front of her.

Because she also knows very well. Where does the energy supply on this submarine come from?

It must be Wang Ling pulling out his hair to use as energy source again.

However, at this time, Mr. Zanghu did not pretend to praise him with effusive words. Sun Rong actually felt a little embarrassed.

"How's it going? Miss Sun. Is the operation still stable?"

At this time, Immortal Toya and Wang Ling came from behind and asked about the situation.

"The submarine has been successfully launched. It is currently using radar signals to find the location of the spirit whale group according to Mr. Zanghu's instructions." Sun Rong said.

"Under the deep sea, there are unknowns, so be careful." Immortal Toya reminded.

The East China Sea is very vast. There may be countless dangers lurking in the deep sea especially. If the spirit whale that can change body size really survives from prehistory to the present, then its intelligence is naturally otherworldly. It is impossible for them to be allowed to do so easily. found.

And for such a special spirit whale, its status in the whale circle is probably unimaginable. It is normal for other spirit whales to take cover to protect its safety.

"The spirit whale is a particularly united underwater spirit beast."

When the submarine descended to more than a thousand meters under the sea, the surrounding environment began to become dim. Mr. Zanghu stared at the picture in front of him that was returned by the intelligent sensing system on the screen. He said: "Although they are Normally, they are always alone. But that is just an illusion seen by cultivators on the sea. Once they enter the seabed, the spirit whales will unite together to defend themselves against foreign enemies."

"Mr. Hidden Fox. The size of a spirit whale. There is also a nemesis at the bottom of the sea?"

"Nowadays, human cultivators have analyzed the number of undersea spirit beasts. There are less than 20. Originally, the cultivation seas of various countries were full of mystery. Moreover, judging from the existing data, the size of adult spirit whales is by no means the largest in the East China Sea. .And the prehistoric spirit whale I'm looking for. I think it is a special case. It is of great research value."

"What happens after Mr. Zanghu finds it?"

"Of course we have to find ways to protect it. This is one of the rare big guys on earth who may have witnessed the rise and fall of human cultivators on earth. If it were to be exposed like this, I'm afraid it would lead to death. Although it is so close. Over the past few years, many people have been exploring the bottom of the East China Sea just to find this big guy."

As a rigorous science popularizer, Mr. Zanghu sighed: "A while ago, I deliberately released the news that there might be a giant beast bigger than the spirit whale under the sea..."

"I know. Mr. Zanghu is talking about sea orangutans?"

"That's right. That's just a spiritual beast I made up using Internet public opinion in order to protect this big guy."

"So that's it..." Wang Ling and Sun Rong raised their eyebrows at the same time. They all suddenly realized.

Recently, there have been endless rumors about the giant sea gorilla under the sea. Who would have thought that...it actually came from the arm of Mr. Tibetan Fox.

However, Mr. Hidden Fox’s original intention was to divert attention and protect the precious prehistoric whale. In this case, this explanation is actually completely reasonable.

Just as he was talking about this, the submarine, which had descended three thousand meters to the bottom of the sea, suddenly heard a loud noise from around it.

A collision of unknown cause occurred!

And the radar sensors around the submarine. No pre-collision response whatsoever!

"That's strange. This sixth-generation collision warning system should be very advanced. How could you not notice it?" Mr. Zanghu frowned.

Just when I was feeling strange, there was a huge tremor. Then a shocking scene immediately appeared.

Just in front of the screen, a palm with a flashing blue aura appeared. It was obviously the palm of a primate. It was extremely huge, like a hill. Its five fingers were clasped together like a mountain. An iron pliers firmly grasped the iron skin of the submarine.

Then. A huge purple pupil suddenly appeared in front of the screen!

This terrifying giant underwater creature is grabbing the submarine with its own hands and staring at the giant iron fish it caught with its own pupils.

Mr. Zanghu was shocked: "This... this is not..."

Sea gorilla!

That’s right!

You can't go wrong...

This furry palm. And this huge body! And the appearance of an orangutan scanned from the thermal device!

wipe!

Is there anyone? Is there anyone?

Why did a species he casually made up really appear on the bottom of the sea?

Does this sea gorilla breathe with its lungs? Is it a serious primate? Why can it continue to move freely in the deep sea?

Facing the spiritual beast that he had made up but actually appeared in front of him, Mr. Zanghu's expression was confused.

However, something happened that made him even more confused.

At this moment, the classmate Wang who was not very talkative and had been standing next to him suddenly took a step forward and drew a stroke in the void with his fingertips. In an instant, spiritual power boiled. A six-pointed star seal formation appeared deep in the seabed. It was engraved directly on the body of this sea gorilla.

Arrangement in the air?

Mr. Zanghu was confused. This should not be the strength that Foundation Building had during the period...

"Mr. Zanghu, don't panic. This is a task I assigned to my apprentice. In fact, I have already completed the arrangement of this magic circle. My apprentice is just finishing the work." Immortal Toya said.

"Immortal. My level is low. Don't lie to me." Mr. Zanghu looked suspiciously.

"How could I lie to you? I am also your fan."

"..."

He rarely lies, because he can't help but sweat when he lies. The six-pointed star array in front of him is a magic array that can be directly planted on the body of a spiritual beast for mind control. www.uukanshu.net

Creatures that only belong to Heavenly Dao. Dao Ancestor will be directly controlled by force. There is no reason at all.

As for such a magic circle, Immortal Toya cannot achieve it with his own strength alone.

Seeing that the orangutan holding the submarine gradually stabilized, Immortal Toya smiled happily. He patted Wang Ling on the shoulder: "Okay. It's under control. Thank you for your hard work, my... good disciple."

Wang Ling: "..."

Sun Rong: "..."

Although I can't tell what's strange specifically, Mr. Zanghu just feels like there's something weird about it.

He stared at Wang Ling and Immortal Toya with suspicious eyes. However, his attention was quickly diverted by Sun Rong's next sentence: "By the way, senior. Didn't you mean sea gorilla?" Is it just a creature you made up? Why did this seabed suddenly appear..."

7017k





Chapter 2026 Chinese people don’t lie to Chinese people


Latest website: Xiao Liang. Internet name: Infinite Xiaoliang.

Nicknames: Dr. Xiao, Mr. Hidden Fox.

Occupation: A professional popular science scholar in the world of cultivation.

However, what Mr. Zanghu didn't expect was that this trip to the bottom of the sea completely subverted his previous understanding. It even broke his three views...

First of all, he also wanted to know very much. Why did the creatures he made up out of thin air actually appear on the bottom of the sea?

Obviously, this is something that is difficult to explain scientifically.

A primate creature that has lived in the deep sea for a long time. The sea orangutan...actually existed in front of him. And it was temporarily domesticated at this moment. It became a warrior who escorted the submarine.

This gave Mr. Zanghu a dreamlike feeling.

Of course, what made him even more dreamlike was what happened later. That was when he found that the high school student named Wang standing next to him suddenly had a six-pointed star mark between his eyebrows.

This is the sign of the array master. In other words, the one who is actually mind-controlling this sea gorilla... is this ordinary-looking high school student?

Are you already so brave in the current Foundation Building period?

This was the first time a sea gorilla appeared in front of him whose habits he didn't quite understand... And judging from its strength, this sea gorilla was not low-level. At the very least, it was equal to his strength. It was a person whose strength was equivalent to that of Nascent. A fourth-level high-level spiritual beast in the Soul stage!

A high school boy in the Foundation Building period controls a level four high-level spiritual beast...

This...are you sure you won't have a mental breakdown?

Looking at the suspicion on Mr. Zanghu's face again, Immortal Toya coughed quickly and said: "This is me deliberately training my disciple's willpower. Mr. Zanghu, mind control. You know. Only the master can control it." Only when people's mental concentration is extremely concentrated can they exercise well."

"That's... that's natural..." Mr. Zanghu nodded.

In fact, my heart is roaring.

Exercise the mental willpower of the controller. These words sound reasonable. But Mr. Zanghu always feels that there is something wrong!

This is a fourth-level high-level spiritual beast!

It's not something that a high school student in the Foundation Building period can control his mind at all!

Even if the formation is arranged by you!

But the person in charge is not your apprentice in the Foundation Building period!

At this time, Immortal Toya's cheeks were dripping with cold sweat. Seeing that the matter was about to be exposed, he quickly bowed to Wang Ling: "Ling Zhen..."

He originally wanted to say it to Wang Ling. Otherwise, it would be better for him to be the main controller. As a result, he almost shouted Wang Ling "Ling Zhenren" out of habit.

Wang Ling: "..."

At this time, Mr. Zanghu's eyes became even more suspicious: "What is Ling Zhen?"

"Hahaha. You heard wrong, Mr. Zanghu. What I said is, it's really unbelievable... I didn't expect that my disciple would make such great progress."

"Immortal. My level is low. You really don't want to lie to me..."

"No way. Mr. Zanghu. Chinese people don't lie to Chinese people."

Wang Ling: "..."

Sun Rong: "..."

Under the escort of sea orangutans, the submarine dived to a position of four thousand meters under the sea. A huge undersea undercurrent surged from the depths, forming a shock wave that went straight to the submarine.

Wang Ling had a premonition long ago. He controlled the sea orangutan to use his huge body to cover the submarine to resist it. This was not a naturally formed undercurrent. It was a certain group living on the bottom of the sea that had sensed the signal of foreign invasion and was intruding on them. The behavior issues a warning.

The orangutan has a huge body. Its huge body is like a copper wall. It firmly protects the submarine and uses its solid back muscles to share the damage of this undercurrent.

At the same time, the advanced sonar receiving device in the submarine also received the signal. After the system analyzed the sonar, a series of whale whistles came from it.

"Is this... the voice of a spirit whale?" Sun Rong's expression suddenly became tense.

"It's not the spirit whale as we understand it. I heard it. It sounds like the sound of a sword whale. Their sound is sharper than that of a spirit whale. And they also have a strong sense of territory." Mr. Zanghu analyzed it just from the sound. Come to a conclusion.

Sword whale. As the name suggests, it is an undersea spirit beast with a spiritual sword tail. The group has a wide range of growth. Young sword whales are second-level high-level spirit beasts when they are born. Adult sword whales can even reach the fifth-level primary level. .

Just like what Mr. Zanghu said, sword whales have a strong sense of territory. They can use the ocean currents to draw sword energy by swinging their tails in the shape of spiritual swords. They form water swords in an instant. They can target prey or other places at extremely long distances. Perform sword energy piercing. Known as a family of undersea swordsmen.

In today's swordsmanship circle, cultivators have learned many swordsmanship techniques through studying sword whales.

"Whoosh! Whoosh!"

At this time, Immortal Toya's ears twitched. Although he was in the submarine, the sound of swords in the water released by the sword whales below still reached his ears.

"No! They're attacking!"

Because they stayed here for too long, they were already regarded as intruders by the sword whales. Therefore, they launched an attack without mercy.

Wang Ling. Naturally, I also heard the sound of the sword whale attacking.

This is the instinctive defense reaction of the creatures on the seabed. It is a very natural thing. But if you want to reach deeper and find the spirit whale, you must pass through the territory of the sword whale.

So thinking of this, Wang Ling faced the swords in the water shooting from all directions. He raised his arms.

Under the mind control circle of the six-pointed star seal, the gorilla guarding the submarine assumed the same posture as him. However, along with the one-hand seal, part of Wang Ling's spiritual power was directly connected through the circle. Come to this sea gorilla.

Buzz!

A dazzling sword light erupted from the sea gorilla's palm, almost lighting up the entire seabed in a brief moment.

This is the Palm Sword Barrier derived from the Palm Sword. Wherever the light reaches is the defense range. All sword energy shot within the sword barrier will be dispelled and invisible.

Obviously, the sword whales below had never seen such a formation. For a moment, they were frightened and let out even more intense roars.

Wang Ling didn't want to disturb them. But it was a helpless move. At the same time, he also wanted to avoid casualties as much as possible. Therefore, he used this method to protect the submarine's progress.

Every living thing on the earth has its own value and meaning (except mosquitoes)...

...

On the other side. A few minutes ago, Sun Yiyuan had already arrived above the East China Sea in Songhai City with his extended spirit sword.

"Strange. Rongrong's spiritual power signal is getting weaker and weaker. But it is clearly right here." Sun Yiyuan frowned. He stared at the light spot on the watch where the signal was gradually weakening. He was puzzled: "Could it be. ..She went under the sea?"

Not good...

He immediately sighed and smiled bitterly in his heart.

It seems...Rongrong already knows that the Sun family's ancestral land is in the belly of the spirit whale...

She is indeed the granddaughter of Sun Yiyuan. www.uukanshu.net She is so smart!

There is no other way. The purpose of his trip now is to prevent Sun Rong from making mistakes.

Thinking of this, Sun Yiyuan did not hesitate. He jumped directly into the seabed with his body. Then he dived quickly to look for the spiritual signal of Sun Rong.

As the surrounding environment became darker and darker, a bright light deep under the sea suddenly caught his attention.

"That's..." Sun Yiyuan frowned.

Because at this time, he felt another familiar spiritual power.

Strange. Why is the spiritual power of classmate Wang Ling also at the bottom of the sea?

After a brief period of doubt, as the CP leader of LingRong Party, Sun Yiyuan's smile gradually became crazier...





Chapter 2027 The female monk who stole the magic weapon


After all, he had found his partner in this way back then. Therefore, Sun Yiyuan understood the intention of Sun Rong's move almost instantly.

He is worthy of being a descendant of his Sun family. He is indeed a vigorous and resolute activist!

While diving into the seabed, Sun Yiyuan couldn't help but feel happy.

But he also knew very well. Even if Sun Rong already knew that the ancestors of the Sun family were hidden in the belly of the spirit whale, it would not be easy to find the senior spirit whale...

Yes. That spirit whale lived an unusually long time. Even Sun Yiyuan would be called a senior.

It wasn't just him. When he succeeded as the head of the family, even Sun Yiyuan's own father, Sun Rong's great-great-grandfather, also respected the spirit whale and addressed him as a senior.

Although Sun Yiyuan understood his granddaughter's thoughts very well, everything still had to be carried out according to the clan rules. Going to look for the senior spirit whale so recklessly might disturb the senior's cultivation.

Thinking of this, Sun Yiyuan couldn't help but speed up his actions. When he dived more than 3,000 meters to the bottom of the sea, the huge water pressure had already begun to cause a slight discomfort in his body.

Human cultivators are not creatures that grew up in the ocean. There are also limits to diving into the seabed with one's own cultivation. In addition, the principle of elemental spiritual roots is mutually reinforcing and mutually restraining. If cultivators with water spiritual roots are not sealed in the sea for a long time, even if their cultivation is No matter how high it is, it is normal to feel discomfort.

However, the spiritual power signals of Wang Ling and Sun Rong were still further down. Therefore, Sun Yiyuan immediately understood. Sun Rong probably used the submarine hidden on his body to dive. to such a deep position.

"It's too dangerous. Rongrong..."

Sun Yiyuan is a well-known protector. After all, the depths of the ocean are full of dangers. No one knows what will happen. If the submarine breaks down and is trapped in the deep sea, it will be troublesome!

Thinking of this, Sun Yiyuan frowned slightly and took out a conch directly from the storage bag.

This was given to him by Grandma Sun once in the sect.

In Sun Yiyuan's time, a complete modern cultivation education system had not yet been formed.

At that time, cultivation education was almost always conducted in local sects assigned by the government.

Unified recruitment. Then fill in the sect application according to the scores. But it does not mean that you can enter the sect if you have enough scores.

After the assessment score reaches the standard, the first thing to enter the sect is a personal file.

Then each major sect will carefully review the archive materials to confirm whether the disciples in the archives conform to the sect's practice philosophy.

This is also to better match resources according to talents. It is to avoid a situation like a cultivator who practices water law entering a sect that specializes in fire law.

Sun Yiyuan remembered having lunch shortly after entering the sect.

In order to occupy a seat in advance, he placed a magic weapon for sound transmission on the seat. However, a female monk from the same sect took it away directly...

Taking it without asking is plagiarism.

At that time, Sun Yiyuan felt a little annoyed.

The most important thing is that the female monk was not only unreasonable, but also published his story on the sect's wall of voice with added insults.

"The senior brother who took my seat in the sect cafeteria today. I took your magic weapon with me when I was sorting things. After all, you are sitting in my seat. The sound transmission magic weapons issued by the sect are all the same. Neither do I. I know if this is mine."

"I found out when I went back and took a look. Oh, it turns out I have two. I'm too lazy to scold you. I didn't mean to target you. But it's disgusting for you to sit in someone else's seat. Don't embarrass our sect. If you want something, you can get it yourself. Don't beat me up when the time comes and say I stole your stuff."

...

If someone hadn't come forward to speak out in the end, I'm afraid Sun Yiyuan's life in the sect would not have been easy.

At that time, the first person to stand up and speak for Sun Yiyuan was Grandma Sun.

She not only reprimanded the behavior of the fellow junior sister and helped him get the magic weapon back. She also redeemed all her sect points as the sect's chief inner disciple and gave him a conch magic weapon.

Sun Yiyuan will never forget what Grandma Sun said to him when he was young at that time.

"I'm sorry, Junior Brother Sun. My junior sister in the same group is very reckless. I apologize to you on her behalf."

There is no harm without comparison.

It was almost the first time in my life that I met Sun Yiyuan, a woman who was so gentle, dignified, generous and graceful.

That's when he made up his mind.

In this life of my own, it must be her...

His thoughts returned. Sun Yiyuan injected spiritual power into the conch. The conch, which was as big as the palm of his hand, instantly grew larger after being activated by injecting spiritual power. It emitted a protective golden light, covering him tightly.

Now I feel better...

Sun Yiyuan suddenly felt comfortable in his heart. He felt as if his wife was always caressing him and accompanying him.

"Rongrong. Grandpa is coming to find you right now..."

Sun Yiyuan said in his heart. Then he kicked off his legs and accelerated his dive again.

It is actually not impossible to enter the ancestral land. However, the procedures must be followed.

And it wouldn't be good to search for it like this. It would disturb the senior spirit whale's rest.

...

On the other side, Mingyue Ye woke up. But the world in front of him made him a little confused for a short time.

He remembered that he was eating a kind of rare natural coral as a healing tonic... It was a coral island he accidentally discovered. Just when he was eating happily, a huge wave suddenly hit him...

Wrong!

It wasn't a huge wave... He seemed to have been swallowed by a huge whale...

In other words, the place where I am now is in the belly of this whale?

After Mingyue Ye recalled everything, the daze in her heart turned into infinite shock.

Because he never thought that based on the level of spiritual beasts existing on earth, there would actually be spiritual beasts that could form a world of their own in their own bodies...

Although he was sure that he was in the belly of this spiritual whale, the endless mountains and lush jungles in front of him told him that this spiritual whale had become a world of its own in its body.

Mingyue Ye immediately sat cross-legged and adjusted his breathing. After being forced to become the weapon spirit of the wand, his strength was still damaged. He needed to find a shortcut to recover as soon as possible.

Therefore, he had to swallow a large amount of heavenly materials and earthly treasures to increase the strength of this wand. The stronger the wand, the stronger the weapon spirit.

"God help me!"

After sitting cross-legged for a moment, Mingyue Ye opened her eyes in surprise.

He could sense that in the world in front of him, there might be huge benefits hidden that he could not imagine! This is a rich mine. There are countless heavenly materials and earthly treasures in it. If these heavenly materials and earthly treasures can be collected here, Devouring all the treasures... His strength may be even more powerful than in human form!

There is no perfect path...

The bright moonlit night burst into laughter.

Then he didn't think much and took a flying step, following the road in front of him and entering the Sun Family Mountains.





Chapter 2028 The ancestral land of the Sun family. 100,000 mountains


Latest website: The legendary ancestral land of the Sun family. In fact, it is a maze composed of countless mountains and jungle terrain. Although there are many natural treasures inside, it is also full of dangers.

Therefore, it is also abbreviated as Shiwandashan.

As soon as Mingyue Ye entered here, he felt that this place was a special cave. It was completely different from the earth. Because the spiritual energy of heaven, material and earth treasures mutually strengthened and erupted, the spiritual energy of the cave world in the belly of the whale was even richer than that on the earth. Come higher.

The origin of this ancient whale. It seems very unusual...

Mingyue Ye suddenly had a plan in mind. If he could swallow most of the treasures here to regain his strength, and then find a way to stew and eat this ancient whale, it might help him directly cross a great realm!

Of course, Mingyue Ye also knows that an ancient whale like this, which has been hidden on the earth for so many years and has not been discovered by human cultivators, cannot grow to this point by relying on its own strength alone.

In other words, is there a powerful person behind this?

Thinking of this on Mingyue Night, I felt a little vigilant in my heart.

There are many people raising Kuns in the universe. Some of the top ten aristocratic families in the Divine Realm even set up special Kun farms. Those Kuns raised with good talents are trained into mounts and war beasts. Guard the family's important territory.

Even if you are not very talented, you can still cook it and turn it into delicious food on the table.

And the ancient whale in front of her. Although Mingyue Ye was in her belly, she could feel that the bloodline composition of this ancient whale was very complex...

As a professional illusionist, it is not difficult for Mingyue Ye to guess that the appearance of himself transformed into a spiritual whale is probably just a disguise.

Big skin surgery...

Mingyueye immediately thought of the Heavenly Dao spell, an illusion type.

Now, things get interesting.

The corners of his lips curled up in the bright moonlit night. His smile gradually became cunning.

An "ancient whale" that knows how to use Heavenly Dao to disguise itself. It has been hidden in the deep sea of the earth for a long time. What is its true identity?

Who is the owner who can support it to survive until now? Who has been keeping it in captivity silently behind the scenes?

I really want to know these on Mingyue Night.

...

Major skin surgery.

At the same time, in the submarine, Wang Ling thought of this almost at the same time.

There is no way. He controls many Heavenly Dao spells. With a total of 30,000 Heavenly Dao in ten universes, the amount of data is too huge. It is a bit troublesome to compare and retrieve them one by one.

Especially with illusion-type spells like Great Skin and Great Shapeshifting. It's easy to mistake the two.

After all, the ancient whale that can survive for such a long time will definitely not be just a spiritual whale in its bloodline structure. This ancient whale has existed since before the earth was upgraded. The lifespan of a conventional oceanic spiritual whale is only three thousand years.

Three thousand years is a critical node for the spirit whale. If it can transcend the realm and transcend itself, its lifespan can be up to five thousand years.

So it is very unusual that this "ancient whale" can live for such a long time.

But what exactly is the opponent's bloodline? Wang Ling plans to use the "Great Blood Source Technique" to observe it after direct contact.

Measurements at close range will be more accurate.

After all, this matter concerns Dao Ancestor Wang. Wang Ling feels that he cannot be careless at all.

"Huh? Ling Zhenren said. Big Skin Technique? This ancient whale actually knows Heavenly Dao... It does seem a bit unusual."

Within the team communication technique, Immortal Toya heard Wang Ling's analysis. He looked at Wang Ling in confusion.

The Great Transformation Technique is a spell that allows one to have plastic surgery or make fine adjustments to one's face. Generally, it is more suitable for human cultivators. In theory, as long as one masters this technique, one can change into the appearance of anyone.

Moreover, most Heavenly Dao type illusions have a "real illusion" effect. Just like Wang Ling's "real clone" Crispy Noodles Dao Lord.

The "real clone" has intelligence. The clone will not be forcibly recalled due to injuries to the main body. It can also bleed and be injured. Moreover, it can be moved and replaced at critical moments to bear the attack for the main body.

However, the displacement substitution takes the attack for the main body. Wang Ling is not used. For Wang Ling, sending out crispy noodles means inserting an eye at the coordinate position in advance. You can do it when necessary. Change the position at any time and teleport there. Relay the crispy noodles to complete the next battle.

In this vast universe, I am afraid that only Wang Ling himself has changed the life-saving method of "shifting and replacing" into an offensive method...

"True Illusion" is easier to understand. This is a type of illusion cracking spell that is not easily parsed by Heavenly Dao.

If the same Heavenly Dao spell is used for analysis and deciphering, then it depends on who has more Heavenly Dao layers and is more skillful.

There are many creatures in the universe. The function of the Big Skin Technique is to allow you to perfectly blend into the group. Your appearance will instantly change into the appearance of the creature you have seen. And without revealing any flaws.

"In other words, the ancient whale that has been protecting our Sun family's ancestral land may not be a real spiritual whale?" Sun Rong asked via voice transmission.

"Ling Zhenren's analysis is not wrong. It is very likely that this is the case, Miss Sun. Think about it. How many spiritual beasts on this earth can understand Heavenly Dao?"

Immortal Toya responded: "And I have an intuition. I feel that this ancient whale is not a spiritual beast. It may be a holy beast or a mythical beast."

While everyone was discussing the team voice technique, Mr. Zanghu suddenly exclaimed: "Everyone, pay attention. A biological signal has appeared!"

On the radar signal screen in front of them, there was a high-speed moving creature approaching their submarine as if falling from the sky.

The light spot moved too fast. It made people feel a little vigilant.

Seeing this, Wang Ling almost subconsciously used the six-pointed star array to continue to control the sea gorilla outside. He planned to fight back against the creature flying at high speed.

When the creature approached, Mr. Zanghu's brows suddenly rose: "This is..."

He rubbed his eyes and made sure he saw it correctly. It was a golden conch that was speeding towards us!

Why would a golden conch approach them so quickly at this time?

He hasn't figured it out yet. Wang Ling on the other side is already planning to take action.

Just as he was about to raise his hand to cast a spell to imprison the suddenly attacking creature, he saw Sun Rong suddenly grab his wrist. He quickly transmitted the message: "Classmate Wang Ling. Wait a minute! I I always feel that this golden conch seems a bit familiar..."

These words reminded Wang Ling.

Immediately afterwards, he swept it with his spiritual sense. The whole person was stunned for an instant.

"It's Mr. Boss Sun." Wang Ling replied. At the same time, he was secretly relieved.

Fortunately, Sun Rong recognized the origin of this golden conch. Otherwise, he just took action. Although it did not directly kill Sun Yiyuan, the golden conch might not have been saved.

He should have been more cautious. It was only because Sun Yiyuan arrived too suddenly. In addition, he had been thinking about the problem just now. Therefore, as soon as he saw the invading enemy, he subconsciously planned to protect the submarine. He failed to use his spiritual sense to distinguish carefully.

"Grandpa... why are you here?" Sun Rong almost became nervous all of a sudden.

"It seems that Mr. Boss Sun should already know that we are trying to find the Sun family's ancestral land." Immortal Toya said.

"What should we do?"

"Miss Sun, don't be nervous. www.uukanshu.net Just take it one step at a time."

"good."

Sun Rong nodded. At the same time, he also said with lingering fear: "Speaking of which, classmate Wang Ling almost pinched my grandfather to death just now..."

Wang Ling: "..."

The next second, there was a bang. Sun Yiyuan's face appeared on the glass screen of the submarine.

Mr. Boss Sun's hair was completely scattered by the sea water. He looked like a water ghost. His old face and octopus feet, slightly swollen by the sea water, seemed to be firmly attached to the external video recording equipment of the submarine: "Rongrong Ah. It's me. I'm grandpa...let me in quickly..."

Sun Rong: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Sure enough, Boss Sun is a comedian...

7017k





Chapter 2029 On how double standards the CP leader has


Apparently Boss Sun came all the way here because he was worried about Sun Rong's comfort. He even took the unknown and mysterious risk of the seabed and dived all the way to search for Sun Rong's spiritual power. Here, the spirit of protecting the calf is really touching.

In fact, Sun Yiyuan was full of doubts. Because he knew that Sun Rong took leave from Number 60 High School today. He said that he was going to the Office of Strategic Deception for special training. But why did he suddenly use a submarine to find other Sun family ancestors? The earth has come?

Is this also part of the special training?

But after entering the submarine, when the old man saw the scene in front of him, he began to think in his mind: "Why is the cave immortal here? Could it be that he brought his classmate Wang Ling and my Rongrong to the deep sea for special training?"

I saw Immortal Toya bowing to Sun Yiyuan respectfully and saying, "Don't be surprised, Mr. Boss Sun. This is indeed a special training session arranged by me. It's just because he mentioned the words "Master and Laojun" too much during the Office of Strategic Deception. The story between the ancestors of the Sun family aroused the curiosity of the two children."

"Oh, so that's it." Sun Yiyuan nodded. He just said that he didn't have to do special training in the Office of Strategic Deception. Why did he suddenly come to the bottom of the sea to find the Sun family's ancestral land?

But now after hearing Immortal Toya's explanation, Sun Yiyuan felt that the reason given by Immortal Toya was quite reasonable.

After all, he is the descendant of Laojun. He has an unusual relationship with the Sun family. There is an ancestor worship event held every five hundred years. As the descendant of Laojun, Immortal Toya has a fixed seat.

This point alone cannot be matched by others.

Today, Immortal Toya has multiple identities. In addition to being the island owner of Chrysanthemum Island, he is also the leader of the elixir team of the Office of Strategic Deception and the special alchemy consultant of his Huaguo Shui Lian Group.

He is highly praised in the alchemy industry. He enjoys special subsidies from the Huaxiu National Academy of Alchemy Research.

"Grandpa, I'm sorry. It's all me... I was too willful." Sun Rong apologized quickly. She actually didn't expect Boss Sun to come directly to this place.

After all, the old man has no idea of her current true strength. The bottom of the earth is filled with many mysterious and unknown risks. It is reasonable for the old man to be worried.

"Hey, it's actually a good thing for young people to be curious. But you also have to pay attention to safety, you know? The ancestral land. In fact, it's not that entry is not allowed. But it must comply with the procedures and rules." Sun Yiyuan said with a smile. He was as kind as ever.

"Eh? It turns out that someone who is not from the Sun family is still qualified to enter?" Sun Rong asked.

"It all depends on the relationship. If you are a good friend and have a certificate, of course you can enter."

Sun Yiyuan said: "Look, doesn't Immortal Dong have a pendant handed down from Lao Jun that symbolizes friendship?"

"Eh? What about classmate Wang Ling?"

"You've already said it. Classmate Wang Ling is your classmate. Aren't you yourself a witness?"

"Is this okay..."

I don’t know why. Sun Rong always felt that this explanation seemed a bit forced. Then he asked: "So... what about Mr. Zanghu? Grandpa should also know him. He is a famous popular science scholar in the cultivation circle. ."

"Well, of course I know him, but he can't come in." Sun Yiyuan nodded.

"..." Mr. Zanghu.

The name of Mr. Zanghu is naturally well-known in the cultivation circle. Sun Yiyuan has heard about it.

He had also seen the video on the popular online spirit beast identification series. But he didn't expect that Mr. Zhenren, the Tibetan Fox, was actually a Tibetan fox.

Apparently, he became like this because he became possessed after practicing cultivation.

"Mr. Boss Sun... I was rescued by the Sun Rong girl on this trip. I accidentally boarded this submarine. Regarding your Sun family's ancestral land, I was not interested at first. I am really interested. Only the ancient whale."

"Sorry. Then you can't come in either." Sun Yiyuan said sternly.

"Why. Girl Sun Rong is also a fan of mine..."

"It has nothing to do with whether you are right or not. Because you are still an outsider after all."

"That classmate Wang Ling is also..."

"Classmate Wang Ling.

I have known him for a long time. And there is a destiny connection between him and Rongrong. Therefore, I consider him a friend of the Sun family."..." Wang Ling.

"Fate connection?" Immortal Toya was also curious: "Dare to ask Mr. Boss Sun. Where does this fate connection come from?"

"Look. The total number of strokes in classmate Wang Ling's name is nine. And the total number of strokes in Rongrong's name is nineteen. All of them contain the character nine!"

"so it is..."

Immortal Toya nodded: "What Mr. Boss Sun means is that there is a kind of destiny in this?"

The more Sun Yiyuan spoke, the more unable to conceal the smile on his lips: "It's not that profound. It just means long-lasting..."

Immortal Toya can see it. This is the aunt's smile when the CP leader is knocking CP...

Sun Rong's face turned red after being said. He quickly covered Sun Yiyuan's mouth: "Grandpa...please. Stop talking..."

Sun Yiyuan sighed inwardly.

He just told the truth. Unexpectedly, Sun Rong blushed.

After all, he is still a young man. He is thin-skinned.

It's not like when he chased Grandma Sun when he was young. He was completely risk-free. Later, he even used a shameless method to trick Grandma Sun.

But those old things, in Sun Yiyuan's opinion, it's okay not to mention them.

He stared at Mr. Hidden Fox in front of him. He frowned and said, "Well, Dr. Xiao, the ancestral land of the Sun family is indeed an important place in our clan. It is true that no outsider has ever entered. But after all, you are a popular science scholar studying the world of cultivation. I You are allowed to enter the belly of the senior ancient whale. But you can only stay in the area I designated. Don't move around at will, you know?"

"The ancestral land of my Sun family is among the 100,000 mountains in the belly of the ancient whale. It is very complicated. If you walk around without anyone to guide you, there will be risks."

"..." This blunt statement also made Mr. Zanghu panic.

Because now. He seems to have heard a terrible secret...

It turns out that the ancestral land of the Sun family is hidden in the belly of the ancient whale. And that ancient whale does indeed exist! What he saw before was not an illusion!

"Mr. Boss Sun is so supportive of my research work. I really don't know what to say..."

Sun Yiyuan smiled and waved his hand quickly: "In fact, it doesn't matter. Because there is a restriction on the ancestral land. When Mr. Hidden Fox comes out of the belly of Senior Ancient Whale, he will forget everything that happened inside."

"..." Mr. Zanghu: "Let's put it this way. Dong Immortal and classmate Wang Ling will also..."

"Oh. They won't. They are not outsiders. But you are."

"..."





Chapter 2030 Parasites in the Belly of Whales


Wang Ling didn't expect Mr. Boss Sun to get involved in this matter. He thought that he and Sun Rong, Dong Immortal's actions were quite secretive.

Unexpectedly, Mr. Boss Sun happened to remember Sun Rong. So he used the Sun family's spiritual power monitoring equipment to detect the spiritual power of Sun Rong, and found his way to the bottom of the sea.

This is not Sun Yiyuan's intention to monitor. Just like sometimes the elders in the family suddenly think of you and suddenly send you a WeChat message asking where you are and what you are doing. It is just a sign of missing you.

After learning that Sun Rong's spiritual power signal appeared in the East China Sea, the old man's first reaction was not to blame Sun Rong for going looking for the Sun family's ancestral land without saying hello. Instead, he was worried that his granddaughter had been deceived by someone. Or maybe he was kidnapped by someone and forced to enter the East China Sea.

Parents have always had a strong ability to think things over. This is especially true for parents who are known to protect their children.

Not to mention the Sun family. With this ancestral brain power, Mr. Boss Sun had already written an entire novel in his mind on the way to the East China Sea.

Although Mr. Boss Sun is here, it will be inconvenient to move. Fortunately, with the help of the old man, Wang Ling can follow Mr. Boss Sun to find the ancient whale safely without harming other marine life.

"Grandpa, do you have any way to contact the senior ancient whale?" Sun Rong asked.

"Senior ancient whales can be summoned using specific sound wave signals. It's just like Morse code. Moreover, this kind of spell has been studied and passed down from generation to generation by the ancestor of my Sun family. The sound waves it emits are unusual. If you don't reach the realm, . Human ears cannot distinguish it. But the ancient whale seniors can hear it."

Sun Yiyuan explained: "But in the past, when I summoned the senior ancient whale, it was always above the sea. After it appeared, it would directly swallow me into its belly. It is the first time I summoned it under the sea."

The old man said. Then he closed his eyes gently. All he saw was the flower in his hand.

After changing several complex seals and seals in succession, Mr. Boss Sun put his sword fingers together against his temples. At the same time, his lips began to tremble slightly and released a high-frequency sound wave.

Soon. In the depths of the ocean, Wang Ling heard a strange rhythmic sound.

It can't be said that it was the roar of the spirit whale. It was the sound made by the ancient whale's body that was responding to Sun Yiyuan.

A behemoth is like a giant island hidden under the sea. When the huge body floats up, its huge shadow directly rolls up the endless sea water.

Those huge sword whales were eclipsed by such an astonishing size. Then Wang Ling saw the submarine they were riding in. The electronic screen in front of them went black. It was actually swallowed directly by this ancient whale. Entered the stomach.

When the screen returned to brightness, what suddenly appeared in front of us was the entrance to Shiwandashan, the ancestral land of the Sun family! It was as magnificent as the scene seen before on a bright moonlit night. It was like a retreat.

The core world was cultivated within the body.

Wang Ling saw this scene in front of him. He instantly understood what was going on.

He put his hands in his trouser pockets and shook them with his fingers. The formation of the {Great Blood Origin Technique} was completed.

"How about it. Does Ling Zhenren know the origin of this ancient whale?"

Immortal Toya asked during the team communication technique.

"Um."

Wang Ling nodded. He responded briefly and concisely: "It's a mixed-race Kun."

Just as he had guessed, this creature used {Big Skin Technique} to disguise itself as the East China Sea Spirit Whale. It was a hybrid Kun. It was not even an ancient whale in the true sense. Although there was a small amount in the body of this hybrid Kun. Divine Whale Bloodline. But from the general direction of the bloodline, theoretically speaking, it should be more appropriate to call it Gu Kun!

Hybrid Kun. Wang Ling can actually relate to it. But he didn't expect that the bloodline complexity of the hybrid Kun in front of him was far more terrifying than he imagined.

Among the seven or forty-nine bloodlines, except for one which is the bloodline of the Divine Whale, the remaining forty-eight bloodlines include almost all the bloodlines of the Kun divine beasts bred in today's chaos.

So it is obvious that this senior ancient whale does not naturally possess these bloodline powers.

It was created artificially a long, long time ago. And the ancestor of the Sun family obviously did not have such an ability.

The only explanation is that there must be a connection between this ancient whale senior and Dao Ancestor Wang! And there may also be a fateful connection between the ancestor of the Sun family and Dao Ancestor Wang.

And Wang Ling speculates. Maybe the founder of the Sun family does not know the true identity of Dao Ancestor Wang.

After all, a monk can play so many characters in so many reincarnations and experience the impermanence of the world. Dao Ancestor Wang wants to play other people. Naturally, it is not difficult.

After everyone got off the submarine.

Sun Yiyuan looked in the four directions of southeast, northwest, and bowed to each other. He said: "This junior, I am taking my granddaughter, two friends, and an outsider to visit the ancestral land. I have disturbed the senior. I hope senior Gu Jing will forgive me. Mr. Hidden Fox. Just a moment." I will stay on the submarine to visit my family in the future. The range of activities is limited to a radius of three kilometers. I will not enter the Shiwanshan Mountain of my grand family."

Mr. Zanghu: "..."

This was already the Nth critical hit he had received in a short period of time.

As a rigorous science popularizer, Mr. Zanghu has never felt so out of place.

But this is the ancestral land of the Sun family after all. He has a bad relationship with Sun Yiyuan. It is normal for him not to be qualified to enter.

Although Sun Yiyuan only gave him a three-kilometer radius centered on the submarine, Mr. Zanghu felt it was enough. After all, his purpose from the beginning was not to go to the Sun family's ancestral land. He just wanted to study it in depth. Take a look at this prehistoric whale.

Now, not only did he find this prehistoric whale with his own eyes, but he also swallowed it directly into his stomach. For Mr. Zanghu, even if he can't find anything later, his trip was already worthwhile.

"Sorry for disturbing Senior Ancient Whale." Sun Rong also followed Sun Yiyuan in clasping his fists and saluting. She originally thought that Senior Ancient Whale would respond with specific sound waves.

Unexpectedly, a voice suddenly reached everyone's ears. It was an ancient whale communicating with them in human language. Unexpectedly, the voice of this ancient whale senior was not only solemn and deep, but also very magnetic. It's that kind of magnetic subwoofer: "Friends?"

Just two words. Boss Sun immediately reacted: "The pharmacist behind you is the descendant of Laojun. As for this classmate Wang, I have known him for a long time. Is there any problem with the senior?"

Sun Yiyuan originally thought that the ancient whale would have some objections to Wang Ling's arrival, so he was very worried.

As a result, the next second, the ancient whale senior actually replied with something he couldn't understand: "I don't dare..."

Don't dare to have it?

What does this mean...

Sun Yiyuan was confused.

Before he could think about it carefully, he heard Senior Ancient Whale speak again: "There are insects in my belly."

"Are there insects mixed in?"

These words immediately alerted Sun Yiyuan: "Senior, what you mean is that someone has already entered the ancestral land of my Sun family?"

He was shocked. He didn't expect that a real outsider would sneak into the Sun family's ancestral land!

On the contrary, Wang Ling seemed very calm about the matter.

He could guess who the person who sneaked in was.

And he has already captured the aura of the bright moonlit night.





Chapter 2031 Beyond the 3 realms. Not among the 5 lines


There are outsiders sneaking into the Sun family's ancestral land.

This is something that has rarely happened in the history of the Sun family.

Although there have been several accidental intrusions in history, Sun Yiyuan knew very well that this senior ancient whale had never used the word "bug" to describe him.

Because those who entered by mistake never went deep. Some even remained in a coma from beginning to end and never woke up.

The adjective "bug" made Sun Yiyuan feel the seriousness of the problem.

This shows that this invader is trying to plunder the inherent wealth within the Sun family's ancestral land.

This man is quite courageous.

Sun Yiyuan snorted in his heart.

After all, most of the construction inside the Sun family's ancestral land was built by the Sun family's ancestors. It contains countless ancient array traps and various magic mechanisms. If you are not careful, you may be killed.

Even Sun Yiyuan, after inheriting the position of head of the family, had to review the ancestral land construction map passed down from his ancestors every day to understand the layout of all traps.

"This person is very dangerous. He has the guts to invade the ancestral land of the Sun family. He must not be an ordinary person when he walks into this hundred thousand mountains. I hope Dong Immortal will protect my two children for me. The three of you must follow me closely. Do not move around at will. ." Sun Yiyuan said.

"Don't worry, Mr. Boss Sun. I will do my best next time." Immortal Toya bowed respectfully.

At the entrance of Shiwanda Mountain, there is an old stone tablet that looks simple and full of aura.

This stone tablet is already a certain age. It is held up by the spiritual power of the ancient formation and suspended in the void. It is imprisoned by eight ancient locks around it, as if to prevent the stone from flying up.

On the stone tablet, there are these words engraved: Beyond the Three Realms. Not among the Five Elements.

Sun Rong remembers hearing this sentence before. It always feels familiar.

By the way, it’s a sentence recorded on the last page of the Sun family’s group training!

"Did this sentence come from the ancestor of the Sun family? The words on the stone tablet were also carved by him? But I always feel that it doesn't look like it." Sun Rong has actually seen the handwriting of the ancestor of the Sun family. It is a vigorous font. .Have a sense of transcendence.

It is completely opposite to the immortal and immortal aura on this stone tablet.

But Immortal Toya understood it at a glance. He couldn't help but raise the corners of his lips and smiled: "That's not the case, Miss Sun. The words on it are the handwriting of my master, Laojun."

In an instant, Wang Ling and Sun Rong said "Oh" almost in unison in their hearts. It suddenly dawned on them.

If it comes from Laojun, then such handwriting seems normal.

To be honest, Sun Rong is quite moved by this kind of friendship. There is even a hint of envy.

What kind of friendship does it take to leave such an inscription in the ancestral land of the other party's clan after the friend's death?

Um, that's not right. The ancestor may not be dead yet.

After all, Wang Ling now speculates that the ancestor of the Sun family may still be alive. And someone used the method of soul planting.

If this had come from someone else, Sun Rong would definitely have taken it as a joke.

"The inscriptions on this immortal stone were left behind by the ancestor's close friend, Senior Laojun." Sun Yiyuan looked at the immortal stone in the sky. At this time, he also felt thoughtful in his heart.

"It is said that the first ancestor jumped out of the stone?"

"You said it too. It's just a rumor. The ancestor is a human being. Of course he was born from a human. But this immortal stone is of great significance to the ancestor. It is said that the ancestor sat on it and realized the Tao when he was very young. It's like stepping into a True Immortal situation."

"Then the ancestor is very strong?"

"The number of cultivators in ancient times was far less than it is now. The earth's spiritual energy is abundant. There are no restrictions from the International True Immortal Convention. Their natural strength is higher than that of modern cultivators. Although. The first Venerated Immortal in modern times was the one who suppressed Yuan Immortal people must be placed a long time ago. Before the modern civilization of the cultivation world was established, there were actually many Venerated Immortals."

Sun Yiyuan said with a smile: "Fortunately, the earth has been upgraded. Modern human cultivators can finally reach the heights of ancient humans.

"The four of them said as they walked.

A few minutes later Wang Ling followed Sun Yiyuan to the entrance of a cave.

This is the first level in the Hundred Thousand Mountains. It is called: There is a Cave in the Sky.

In front of everyone, there are three entrances to the cave.

"It is said that there are three things in life. Three things give rise to all things. This place is the [Different Cave Heaven] in the Hundred Thousand Mountains. After choosing the right one to enter, the second level is the 6 cave entrances. You must make the only choice again from these 6 cave entrances. If you choose correctly, you can enter the next level." Sun Yiyuan stroked his beard.

"Is this... a maze? Does it mean that every time you choose the right one, there will be six more entrances? Mr. Boss Sun?" Immortal Toya asked.

"Yes. No matter how many holes there are, there is only one correct answer. The other holes are all traps that will kill people."

Sun Yiyuan said and burst into laughter: "I see that little intruder can't even get through the first pass in the 100,000 Mountains of my Sun family's ancestral land. When we go in this time, I'm afraid we have to collect his body." ."

"Grandpa, do you remember the order of so many cave entrances?" Sun Rong asked with concern.

"This is natural. I am the head of the Sun family." Sun Yiyuan said confidently. Then he took Wang Ling, Sun Rong and Immortal Toya into the cave together.

When passing through the first few caves, Sun Yiyuan's performance was relatively easy. It was not until forty-eight entrances appeared in front of him that Boss Sun's thoughts were obviously a little confused.

"I remember...it seems to be this..."

Sun Yiyuan pointed to a cave entrance and said. Then he looked at the cave entrance on the right: "But it seems. This one is a bit like..."

Boss Sun at this moment reminded Wang Ling of his friends who were doing multiple-choice questions.

Especially when they don't know the answer. In their minds, almost every option seems to be the correct answer.

Even if you finally eliminate two wrong answers, when faced with the final choice, you will often avoid the right answer perfectly...

Wang Ling, Sun Rong: "..."

Immortal Toya smiled: "How about, junior, go in and take a look?"

"Absolutely not. The more holes there are in a level, the more dangerous the trap will be."

Sun Yiyuan drank Immortal Toya. He smiled and scratched his head awkwardly.

He looked around. Finally, he took a deep breath. He looked at one of the cave entrances and made up his mind: "Okay! This is it! There will be no mistake! I will go in first. If there is no problem, you can go in again."

"Okay, senior." Immortal Toya bowed respectfully.

A minute later, Sun Yiyuan walked out of the cave. But his shoulder was bleeding. There was a sky-opening ax on it.

"Grandpa, are you okay!" Sun Rong said in shock.

"It's okay, haha. It's just a small accident." Sun Yiyuan pretended to be calm.

All I can say is that Mr. Boss Sun is indeed Mr. Boss Sun. As the head of the Sun family, Mr. Boss Sun still maintains his character even when he is hit by a trap.

He pulled off the sky ax from his shoulder. At the same time, a fiery red spiritual power was released from his body. In an instant, the injuries caused by the sky ax were rapidly healing at a speed visible to the naked eye.

"One wrong option has been eliminated. This time. There will definitely be no problem!"

Obviously. He is confident in his options.

This time, Boss Sun took the lead in exploring the cave.

Wang Ling waited another minute.

Then I saw Sun Yiyuan walking out of the cave with a shiny golden sword on his head and his head covered in blood...





Chapter 2032 Demonic Disintegration Sword


Wang Ling found that he had underestimated the Sun family's wealth after all.

Especially when Mr. Boss Sun came out of the cave with a sacred sword on his head and his head covered in blood. He even felt a little unbelievable in his heart.

Sacred weapon-level artifacts Wang Ling can be cast easily. In the eyes of Wang Ling, there is nothing extraordinary. However, in the eyes of many ordinary cultivators, a sacred-level spiritual weapon is enough for them to grab. Broken head stuff.

But the founder of the Sun family actually used holy weapon-level spiritual energy to set up traps. Such wealth is really unimaginable.

Although the foundation of this ancestral land is still far behind that of King's Pants. But looking at the history of human cultivators in ancient and modern times, it is really amazing that the Sun family has such a foundation. This is a truly rich country.

Even if future generations don't have a job and rely on consuming this heritage, they can live a very good life in the peaceful modern world of cultivation.

Therefore, there are regulations in the Sun family's organizational training. All the Sun family's wealth in the ancestral land will always belong to the Sun family's descendants.

The hidden meaning is that these wealth must be passed down intact. It does not mean that as long as you ascend to the position of head of the family, you can legally have the right to control these "ancestral inheritance".

This is a very wise decision. It not only preserves the heritage of the family's ancestral land and can be passed down forever for future generations to learn from, but also avoids infighting and loss within the Sun family in order to obtain the inheritance of the ancestral land.

On the other hand, after being inspired, people can move forward bravely and practice hard. If you are wise, you can only be rich for three generations. If you only rely on the inheritance of your ancestors, it will definitely not last long.

Judging from the current situation, the Sun family has a long history. This inspirational legacy from the ancestor of the Sun family has been well preserved.

"Boss Mr. Sun, are you okay?" Immortal Toya saw Sun Yiyuan with a bloody head. He was so shocked that he broke out in cold sweat.

Sacred level plug. It's actually still alive...

You are the serious senior who seeks death!

"It's okay. It's just a minor injury. It's nothing to worry about." As before, Sun Yiyuan's face remained calm. He smiled lightly. Then he reached out and pulled out the holy sword from his head.

The sacred sword did not pierce his head directly. It was just the tip of the sword that penetrated his scalp. And because of the density of Sun Yiyuan's body, he forcefully clamped the tip of the holy sword with his scalp. .

Sun Yiyuan pulled out the holy sword. He took out a handkerchief and carefully wiped the blood on it. Immediately, he also showed a surprised look: "Huh? This is not the one recorded in the ancestral history. The demon disintegration sword was actually used by the ancestor. Used to set traps."

Sun RongCurious: "Grandpa. Demonic Disintegration Sword? What is this?"

"A holy sword that was used on ancient battlefields in the era of ancient cultivators. Rumor has it that a sect undoubtedly unsealed a secret realm full of evil spirits back then, causing those evil spirits to escape and cause cholera in the world."

"These evil spirits have no entity. They will swallow up the negative emotions of cultivators and rely on those negative forces to strengthen themselves. Theoretically, as long as they live long enough, their strength can grow infinitely."

"In the era of ancient cultivators, there were always endless battles with each other. However, during that time, in order to deal with a common foreign enemy, it was rare for the ancient cultivators to unite together."

"They collectively called these evil spirits Heavenly Demons. They named it the Heavenly Demons Suppression War."

"Later, I heard that it was the founder who took the lead in creating this demon disintegration sword and mass-produced it with the most powerful sects at the time. The demons would explode directly when stabbed by this holy sword. Hence the name. Demon. Disintegrate."

"That's it."Sun Rong, Immortal Toya nodded.

But Wang Ling was thoughtful about this passage.

The timeline of the world of cultivation can be divided into eternity, ancient times, ancient times, modern times and modern times.

Judging from Boss Sun's description, the ancestral history of the Sun family can be directly traced back to ancient times. However, Wang Ling believes that this timeline may be extended a little further.

Gu</span>The possibility that the founder of the Sun family is an eternal being.

It's not completely zero. Although most of those all-powerful Eternals back then were included in the Corpse Map by Dao Ancestor Wang for protection, some of them still escaped.

Some of those who escaped did so in order to survive and thus became servants of the race that begged him in the universe. However, it is not ruled out that some may have escaped to the earth and became the first batch of cultivators in history.

After checking Sun Yiyuan's injuries, he found that the old man was indeed fine. Sun Rong's anxious heart was relieved: "Hey, Grandpa, you should think about it again. These two entrances are not the same." What should we do next? Do you remember how to get back?"

"I'm getting older. I always make mistakes. But it's really strange. Logically speaking, it should be one of the two cave entrances." Sun Yiyuan stared at the two cave entrances where traps were laid, with a look of doubt on his face.

"Perhaps Mr. Boss Sun remembered correctly. Is it possible that the trap has changed?" Immortal Toya asked.

"Changing formations? There are many entrances to the cave. If we add a formation-changing mechanism, I'm afraid we will be trapped here for the rest of our lives."

Sun Yiyuan touched his chin: "But I'm sure. I remember correctly...it's one of the two cave entrances. It turns out there are traps. "

At this time. Wang Ling sighed inwardly. He put his pants pockets in and walked calmly towards the third hole.

"Classmate Wang Ling. It's dangerous! You're too reckless to go in like this!" Sun Yiyuan just shouted. But then he saw Sun Rong walking in closely with Wang Ling.

Immediately afterwards, the voice of Sun Rong came from the cave: "Grandpa, don't worry, come in. This place is open!"

"It actually works? I am too old to remember it correctly?"

Sun Yiyuan showed an incredible look on his face.

After passing through the hole, he quickly looked at Wang Ling. He wanted to ask how Wang Ling knew which was the correct entrance.

But when the words came to his lips, he had an epiphany!

This is classmate Wang Ling!

The legendary Number 60 High School mascot!

Good luck has always existed!

There seems to be nothing strange about this blind cat encountering a dead mouse.

Thinking of this, Sun Yiyuan couldn't help but sigh: "As expected of classmate Wang Ling. Your luck is really great. This is what we cultivators often call immortal fate. On the road of cultivation, even if you have talent, It's not enough. Luck is also important. It's also part of strength."

"And classmate Wang Ling is not only lucky. He is also brave! Even though he knew there might be dangerous traps in my cave, you still dare to walk there alone. Rongrong. You must learn more from classmate Wang Ling. ."

Sun Rong laughed: "Grandpa is right!"

Wang Ling: "..."

At this moment, Immortal Toya discovered something new.

He looked up at the sky. On the top stone wall, which was brightly illuminated by the eternal lamp in the Biyou Cave, there was a large mass of blood clearly visible...





Chapter 2033 The Sun Family’s Mountain-Suppressing Knight


Latest website: This is a pool of dried blood. But judging from the color of the blood, it didn't take too long to form. It is contaminated with some spiritual power.

Wang Ling only glanced at it and knew it in his heart. The bloodstains did not come from Mingyue Ye. Because he has now become a weapon spirit. The weapon spirit does not bleed. Once it is hit, there will be continuous spiritual power on the body. The powder falls out. This powder can also be called utensil scraps.

In addition to being injured, which will cause the body to drop spiritual shavings, recycling and destroying the spiritual energy using normal procedures will also produce spiritual shavings.

In the old spiritual weapon recycling market in the city, there are spiritual weapon dealers who recycle these "artifact scraps" and use them to create new spiritual weapons.

The higher the quality of the spiritual weapon, the higher the quality of the spirit shavings. Just like today, Mingyue Ye was hit by himself with spirit shavings. A gram of these spirit shavings falling out of his body was worth thousands of gold. You can buy it. A warehouse of crispy noodles.

Taking his thoughts back, Wang Ling turned his gaze to the row of holes ahead.

Immortal Toya understood immediately when he saw this. He quickly followed Wang Ling's line of sight and walked over. As a result, he also found similar blood stains at the entrance of the cave.

"It seems. This is a guide. Mr. Boss Sun no longer has to worry about whether he remembers it wrong. But where did this blood stain come from?"

Immortal Toya squatted down and wiped the blood with his fingertips. Then he brought it up to his nose and smelled it.

A mature alchemist can distinguish the taste of thousands of spiritual plants and herbs by the smell of herbs just by relying on memory. There is no need to question the ability of smell.

"I don't know what Mr. Boss Sun thinks. If this junior's judgment is correct, this blood stain does not look like the blood of ordinary living beings." At this time, Immortal Toya said.

"It seems that the mountain-suppressing knights in the ancestral land have activated it." Sun Yiyuan said with a slight frown.

"Knight of the Mountain? Dare you ask Mr. Boss Sun. Is this a protection mechanism?"

"That's right." Sun Yiyuan nodded: "Since the ancestor has the ability to hide his ancestral land in these hundreds of thousands of mountains and lay out so many traps, of course, it does not rule out what should be done if a foreign enemy insists on invading. Carry out effective defense."

"Traps are dead, but people are alive. But it is unrealistic to send people to guard them all the time. Therefore, the existence of the mountain-suppressing knight was born. If you look at it from the perspective of modern cultivation, you can understand it as a battle puppet. A kind of."

"That's it." Hearing this, Wang Ling, Sun Rong, Immortal Toya nodded.

Combat puppets have a long history. I just didn't expect that they were born in such a long time. In the modern world of cultivation, it is not difficult to assist the mass production of puppets through scientific means.

Wang Ling has already seen this in the spirit world trial field. There are a large number of Golden Core combat puppets. Almost all of them are quickly formed using electronic software operations. They can also customize their faces.

But in such a long time, when science and technology were not so developed, these battle puppets had to be fabricated one by one.

In essence, the "ancient magic weapons" created by Fenmu Shen are actually "combat puppets". However, the appearance of the ancient magic weapons is obviously higher.

Although he was also beaten by Wang Ling, he was much stronger than the battle puppets on Earth.

So how strong is this "mountain-suppressing knight" created by the founder of the Sun family?

Wang Ling thinks it should be between the ancient divine weapons and the ordinary battle puppets on the earth.

"So, this blood comes from the Mountain Knight?" The expression on Sun Rong's face was slightly surprised: "Grandpa, but in the body of a modern battle puppet, although the muscles and blood vessels can be reproduced, it can't be done. Is it made using bionic means? How did the previous battle puppets do it?"

"Naturally, the effect is achieved by collecting the blood of spiritual beasts, holy beasts and even higher ancient ferocious beasts that we have never seen before. Then through certain magic means." Gu

Sun Yiyuan replied: "So the Mountain-Suppressing Knight designed by Master Ancestor is extremely strong. It is a weapon to resist the invasion of foreign enemies. But under normal circumstances, the Mountain-Suppressing Knight cannot be easily awakened. He has a sensory array in his body. Normal state It will fall into a state of petrification and condensation. It will only be activated when it feels that there is an invasion of malicious foreign enemies in the ancestral land."

Speaking of this, the expression on Sun Yiyuan's face suddenly became tense. He originally thought that the intruder who tried to break into the Sun family's ancestral land was not a remarkable person.

But now that the mountain knights are activated, the danger is completely different.

That mountain knight... But people from the True Immortal realm won't even move an inch if they invade...

And now that it's activated, it proves that the invader's level of strength ranks above True Immortal.

"I'm sorry. Rongrong also has...classmate Wang Ling. I think this visit to the ancestral land will end here."

The more Sun Yiyuan thought about it, the more he felt something was wrong. Then he turned around with an apologetic look. He looked at Wang Ling and Sun Rong and said: "For safety reasons, I think it is safer to take you out. This time the intruder . I'm afraid it will be difficult to deal with. Even the Zhenshan Knight was beaten to death. The two of them should still be fighting. I will bring you here after I confirm that the danger in the ancestral land has been eliminated."

This was Sun Yiyuan's decision based on the logical thinking of a normal person. Moreover, he made this judgment for the safety of Wang Ling and Sun Rong.

After all, Mr. Boss Sun doesn’t know what’s in front of him. One is the newly promoted Golden Core, the number one on earth.

The other one is a seemingly harmless monster...

"Immortal. I will leave the children to your care. I am going to check the situation. I will send you back to the submarine now." Sun Yiyuan said nothing. He took out a golden teleportation talisman from his sleeve. One for each person. Posted on the foreheads of Sun Rong, Wang Ling and Immortal Toya.

Then he circulated his spiritual power and formed seals with his hands. Wang Ling felt a flash of white light in front of his eyes. He was immediately sent back to the previous immortal stone inscribed with "Beyond the Three Realms. Not Among the Five Elements". ahead.

"In the end, it still turned out like this." Wang Ling sighed inwardly.

Although he was sent back by Boss Sun, but now that he is not with him, it is much easier for him to use his fists and kicks.

Mingyue Ye is a dangerous person.

Wang LingI don’t know how powerful the mountain-suppressing knight developed by the founder of the Sun family is. But Mr. Boss Sun went directly to investigate without knowing anything. www.uukanshu.net I am afraid that the old man will suffer in the end. Own.

Mr. Boss Sun is a good man.

Judging from several contacts. Wang Ling actually feels that the personalities of myself and the old man are quite compatible.

He originally wanted to play a long game and catch the big fish. He kept Mingyue Ye alive so that he could hook out more alien beings hidden on the earth who were hostile and malicious towards the earth.

But looking at it now, it seems that he has to kill Ming Yueye.

Because otherwise, Mr. Boss Sun, as the head of the Sun family, will definitely make Mingyue Ye regard Mr. Boss Sun as a new hunting target after this trip to the Sun family's ancestral land.

"You guys are here. Wait for me."

Wang Ling said expressionlessly.

His eyes were calm. There was no trace of emotion in his eyes. He looked like a butcher who was about to kill a chicken. He was afraid that the blood of the chicken would get on him. As he spoke, he rolled up his sleeves.





Chapter 2034: Caring for the elderly. Everyone has a responsibility


Latest URL: Sun Yiyuan, who is eager to take away Wang Ling, Sun Rong, actually has one thing he didn’t say. That is, once the Mountain-Suppressing Knight is activated, it often indicates that the ancestral land may have fallen into irreversible greatness. Crisis.

While Sun Yiyuan urgently transferred Wang Ling and Sun Rong away, he was also mentally prepared to defend the ancestral land to the death. After all, there are all the secrets about the ancestral land. No one can compare with him in this position. The head of the Sun family knew better.

Follow the bloodstains of the knights who guard the mountain in Biyoudongtian. When Sun Yiyuan successfully passed through, what he saw was a glacier filled with wind and snow.

Each of the hundreds of thousands of mountains in the Sun family's ancestral land has its own terrain characteristics. No matter what kind of terrain you can see here. The glacier in front of you is the "frost purgatory" behind the "unique cave". The temperature is maintained at minus 78 degrees. .

The wind and snow here have a bone-eroding power. Once it touches the skin, it will immediately penetrate into the depths of the bones mixed with the power of Yin. It is a cold that even the monks in the Nascent Soul stage cannot resist.

If you don't have adequate means of warmth and magic weapon protection under Soul Formation, you will be frozen into an ice sculpture directly here.

Sun Yiyuan was still wearing the exquisite suit that he originally participated in the "Songhai City Cultivator Representative Association". He followed the blood stains and walked on the glacier with a serious expression. He took off his coat as he walked.

Then he took off his tie and unbuttoned his white shirt one by one. He put them all into the storage space, revealing his amazing and strong muscles.

It is hard to imagine that the elderly head of the Sun family is actually a hidden muscular man after taking off his coat. This is completely different from the gentle and gentle image that Sun Yiyuan has always portrayed.

The falling ice and snow covered Sun Yiyuan's back, eyelashes, and beard with frost.

then.

Boom!

Boss Sun's skin began to burn with blazing fire.

The Flame of the Ming King!

This is the body protection effect after practicing the Fudo Myooh Kung Fu to the highest level. It can withstand the severe cold of minus 120 degrees Celsius.

When the skill is activated, the special effect of the spell will appear on the body, surrounded by flames. It will look like a walking Flame Lord.

Sun Yiyuan moved his muscles while walking.

Modern life is too comfortable.

He hasn't fought for too long.

And this kind of fighting form, because there has been no switch for a long time, made Sun Yiyuan himself a little uncomfortable.

The sound of fierce fighting ahead attracted Sun Yiyuan's attention.

A ray of light flew through the void. A knight wearing silver dragon skin light armor and a silver dragon helmet holding a sword in both hands slammed into a glacier.

In an instant, the glacier was directly smashed through. Then the entire mountaintop collapsed directly. Endless ice crystals fell from the sky. A hailstorm fell on the spot.

The Zhenshan knight was kicked away directly. Such a scene was unimaginable to Sun Yiyuan.

It was only then that he saw the intruder clearly. He was a man wearing an eye patch and a black gown. He always had a sly smile on his face. His white teeth were reflected by the nearby glaciers. Especially dazzling.

Full of danger...

Sun Yiyuan frowned slightly.

This is someone who even the Zhenshan Knights have not been able to capture directly. And at this moment, he still exudes the smell of heavenly materials and earthly treasures. I think that after sneaking into the Sun family's ancestral land, he has eaten a lot of heavenly materials and earthly treasures that grow in the ancestral land. treasure.

"Even so, Sun Yiyuan was neither humble nor arrogant. He straightened his back and showed his pride as a descendant of the Sun family: "Who are you? You dare to invade the ancestral land of my Sun family."

"I see. This is the ancestral land. I wonder why there are so many good treasures."

Mingyue Ye laughed even more wildly. He stared at Sun Yiyuan: "Old man, I came here today just to tell you that your ancestral land can change hands. Not only this ancestral land, but also the whale outside. I also want to tame them. From now on, this place will be my ancient territory."

After that, a ray of light came from a distance again.

This is the giant sword thrown by the mountain knight. The speed is incredibly fast.

However, Mingyue Ye didn't even look at the trajectory. He directly raised his swords together and clamped the giant sword firmly.

He sneered and looked in the direction of the Zhenshan Knight: "One by one. It's endless. They are carrying out sneak attacks while I am talking. You, a battle puppet, are not ordinary."

Mingyue Ye naturally saw the origin of this Zhenren knight. Even if the Zhenren knight did something similar to Zhenren, he would bleed and shed tears, and he had the same combat logic as a normal cultivator, or even more advanced. But it was fake after all. Fake.

I don't know if he wanted to give Sun Yiyuan a blow. Mingyue Ye did not attack Sun Yiyuan directly. Instead, he raised his hand and directly attracted the mountain knight from a distance.

In front of Sun Yiyuan, he grabbed Zhenshan Knight's neck tightly and sneered: "Old man, do you really think that placing such a toy in the ancestral land will be useful? But this toy is above True Immortal. Judging from the realm of people on earth, it is indeed very unusual."

Sun Yiyuan frowned more and more: "Your Excellency, are you not from Earth?"

"Yes or no, it is no longer that important. From now on, I will be a human being on Earth, and the future of the Earth will be entirely decided by the prehistoric people."

Mingyue Ye said as he spoke, and then with a sudden squeeze, he tore off the entire head of the Mountain Guard Knight. He seemed to be dismantling a toy. He let out crazy sizes, from the head to the limbs, and tore off the Sun family's Mountain Guard Knight. Just tore it into pieces.

"I was just playing with this battle puppet. He was imprisoned while moving. But he naively thought that he could defeat me."

Mingyue Ye shrugged helplessly. Then she looked at Sun Yiyuan: "You, a True Immortal, also want to compete with me?"

He snorted coldly.

Immediately he raised his hand and pointed it at Sun Yiyuan again.

An invisible force was generated from the void. The most powerful spiritual pressure that did not belong to a single dimensional level instantly fell over. The pressure was so heavy that Sun Yiyuan could not move.

At the same time, Sun Yiyuan also felt this force clamping down on his neck.

Ming Yueye repeated his old trick. He planned to use the same spell to suck Sun Yiyuan into the palm of his hand.

However, at this moment, he suddenly felt that something was wrong. www.uukanshu.net

For some reason, Mingyue Ye discovered that Sun Yiyuan's body seemed to have suddenly gained a lot of weight.

Wrong...

It's not that the old man is getting heavier. It's that there is another force that is competing with him.

Who is it!?

At this moment, behind Sun Yiyuan, Mingyueye saw a familiar and terrifying figure of a young man wearing a 60's High School uniform with his trouser pockets inserted, slowly walking in the snowstorm...

At that moment, the panic from the soul suddenly surged into Mingyue Ye's heart.

He immediately couldn't help but cursed in his heart.

Why...

Why is it this haunting boy again!

Just like a ghost!





Chapter 2035 Bright Moon Night. Stop scratching


This time the situation was urgent. Wang Ling had to take action. Although he was hiding in the wind and snow, Sun Yiyuan still felt the moment when the spiritual power emerged.

The old man, whose body was surrounded by flames, suddenly widened his eyes with a look of disbelief on his face.

He felt that his neck was stiff. Like a machine, he slowly turned his eyes slightly behind him. He saw the young man in school uniform walking on the glacier with his trouser pockets in his pockets indifferently in the wind and snow.

At the moment, Wang Ling no longer cares about this much. It doesn't matter even if he is seen by Sun Yiyuan. Mingyue Ye is not an ordinary cultivator on earth. He is a little harder to kill.

After all, his strength is comparable to that of the Eternal One.

In the state of sealing, Wang Ling can only cripple it with one palm. If you want to completely eliminate it and never cause further trouble, you have to use a move more powerful than an ordinary palm.

However, the move that kills with one hit often makes a lot of noise.

So Wang Ling was fully prepared before he came. This time he takes action. Sun Yiyuan will definitely find what makes him unique.

However, there is {Great Memory Technique}. In fact, it doesn't matter if it is seen for a while. Just replace the memory when the time comes.

For example, he can replace Sun Yiyuan's memory of seeing him take action with the memory of seeing Zhuo Yi take action.

Anyway, according to Boss Sun's original idea, the positions of master and apprentice between him and Zhuo Yi were reversed. Zhuo Yi became his master instead.

So replace it with Zhuo Yi. It is a relatively reasonable option.

But memory replacement is actually risky. Although Wang Ling has successively carried out bug fixes and upgrades for many commonly used Heavenly Dao spells, if it is reused many times, it may still produce irreversible sequelae.

The fundamental reason is that Wang Ling is too strong.

Even people like Boss Sun, one of the few True Immortal warriors among cultivators on earth, cannot withstand the repeated attacks of Heavenly Dao level spells.

So this time after using the {Big Memory Technique} on Mr. Boss Sun, Wang Ling had to record it in private. This was to avoid using it repeatedly on one person, which would have irreversible effects.

But now. I see Wang Ling appearing.

The shock in Sun Yiyuan's heart is self-evident.

The old man's eyes widened and he looked at him with confusion on his face: "Classmate Wang Ling?"

No matter how incredible his brain power is, he would never have imagined that Wang Ling's realm could be so unfathomable.

Just a high school student.

Wearing only regular school uniforms and walking in the "Frost Purgatory" of the Sun Family's Hundred Thousand Mountains, like a normal person... Is this something a normal high school student can do?

At this time, Sun Yiyuan's mind was filled with thoughts, just like the snowstorm that was falling all over the sky. He even started to feel a little confused and confused.

Now that he has decided to show off, Wang Ling no longer restrains his spiritual power. He lets out a long sigh of relief. Strong spiritual power seeps out from every pore, melting the surrounding ice on the spot, turning it into a vast whiteness. The mist rises.

Then, the ice beneath my feet began to split.

Boom!

There was a loud noise. The glacier under my feet cracked rapidly in all directions like a spider web!

His spiritual energy was extremely powerful. It penetrated just a little bit and directly decomposed the large glaciers of this frost purgatory.

Sun Yiyuan was so shocked that he could not speak. The huge tremor on the ground nearly knocked him down. His True Immortal-level balance ability was completely lost under Wang Ling's spiritual pressure.

He felt like a duckweed tumbling in the waves. He had completely lost the attitude that a True Immortal should have.

But now, Mr. Boss Sun can no longer feel the shameful emotion at all, because his mind is filled with horror.

Because this just shows that the realm of Wang Ling has surpassed True Immortal!

Otherwise, it would never be possible to bring such an astonishing and extremely oppressive feeling just by relying on spiritual power and spiritual pressure.

What an amazing realm and strength this is!

Wang Ling put one hand in his trouser pocket.

He gently touched the old man's back with his fingers. A golden light flashed out. It turned into ripples and formed a circle of ripples that spread across Sun Yiyuan's back. Then it completely covered his body. This was the body-protecting golden light.

It is also a routine operation when Wang Ling takes action to protect friends from harm.

At this time, Wang Ling raised his head and took a look at the bright moonlit night.

He was trying to embed his body into the iceberg behind him to stabilize his body.

However, under Wang Ling's gaze, this was ultimately a useless effort.

A look.

Mingyue Ye fell directly under the heavy pressure. The whole person landed vertically along the mountain.

He smashed the iceberg with his face, tearing a huge crack out of the iceberg. Then he lay down on the ice like a toad.

Sun Yiyuan couldn't help but cover up after seeing it.

A bright moon night. It’s so miserable...

Hit the iceberg directly with your face. The visual effect is very painful!

If he were a normal person, his face would already be covered in blood.

However, because Mingyue Ye was no longer a human being, part of her body was directly transformed into spirit debris during the process of splitting the iceberg with her face.

"It seems that not all inhumane people can become stronger."

Wang Ling walked to Mingyue Ye and sighed secretly.

He had already given Mingyue Ye a chance. He didn't expect that she would dare to appear in front of him openly.

At this time, the fear in Mingyue Ye's heart had reached its limit. He roared and began to use what he had learned all his life. He manipulated the terrain to condense countless broken ice around him into sharp blades, and stabbed towards Wang Ling.

Wang Ling didn't hide or avoid. Just looked at him.

After a burst of violent bombardment, he slowly squatted down in the ice blade storm. Looking at Mingyue Ye who was lying on the ground and trying to cast spells, he sighed slightly: "Stop scratching."

These three words are extremely insulting.

Don't tell me that Yue Ye can't even reach the Dao Ancestor realm now. Even if he reaches the Dao Ancestor realm, it's just a scratch for Wang Ling.

At first, Peng Xiren thought that he was invincible when he reached the realm of Dao Ancestor. As a result, such damage was not enough for Wang Ling.

From the rear. Boss Sun's expression said everything. His jaw almost dropped to the ground. He could almost swallow an ostrich egg alive. His whole person fell into a sluggish state. He was completely unable to use normal logical thinking. Thinking about the problem.

"If you kill me...my master will send others! Those people are more cruel and inhumane than me!" Ming Yueye said, with fear in his eyes.

In front of Wang Ling, he felt that his entire being had become humble. He was just a paramecium.

This time. Wang Ling didn't talk nonsense with Mingyue Ye.

He just stood up slowly and pointed his palm at his head.

5% Law Order Palm.

The next second, the spiritual power condensed in Wang Ling's palm. Then it emitted a dazzling light and burst out in an instant!

Boom!

A red light cannon shot out from Wang Ling's palm.

Wherever the light wave of the Law Palm passes, everything is annihilated...





Chapter 2036 Five% Law Order Palm


Latest website: 5% Law and Order Palm. This is based on the spiritual power possessed by Wang Ling's ordinary palm. It is a special move that can directly crush the enemy into powder with one blow.

The moment the red light cannon was fired, Sun Yiyuan already had visions. He felt that what was shot from Wang Ling's palm was not an ordinary spiritual cannon.

Rather, it is a dragon that has spanned eternity, witnessed the rise and fall of the universe, and was born from the most blazing stars...

It only fused 5% of Wang Ling's spiritual power in the sealed state. But its destructive power was astonishing.

The ice purgatory of the Sun family was directly changed by Wang Ling's palm.

All the glaciers under my feet melted due to this palm. Water vapor was steaming everywhere.

Countless icebergs around were melted instantly. A large amount of glacier water gathered into a torrent. It poured down the cliff along the abyss created by Wang Ling's palm.

Even Wang Ling himself did not expect that he could bring such great damage to the Ice Purgatory in the ancestral land of the Sun family by using only 5% of the spiritual power in the sealed state to form the Law Palm.

Looking at the abyss in front of him that seemed to have been crushed by a giant dragon. Wang Ling felt a little overwhelmed for a moment.

Although he is not good at repairing the terrain himself, he is not very good at it. If he were to repair the destroyed map in front of him, not only would he not be able to restore the original appearance of the Ice Purgatory, the ancestral land of the Sun family, he might even be able to directly repair it. Fix more bugs.

There are enough troubles on the earth now. Wang Ling is afraid that his cultivation will add some miracles in the history of cultivation to the ancestral land of the Sun family.

Fortunately, Wang Ling had already anticipated this situation.

At critical moments like this, key people have to take action. For example, Zhenyuan Immortal combined with Leidian Fawang is a very good combination.

Zhenyuan Immortal people have experience in repairing planets. As a descendant of the innate divine thunder, Leidian Fawang is essentially an "electric welder". With these two people here, I believe that this ice purgatory can be restored in a short time. The original appearance is not that difficult.

To put it bluntly, Wang Ling is quite embarrassed to have turned the Sun family's ancestral land into this.

I was about to turn around and apologize to Boss Sun. But Wang Ling found that Boss Sun had already laid down and soaked in the water.

There is a feeling of walking peacefully on a bright moonlit night. Mr. Boss Sun also walks peacefully.

Wang Ling: "..."

Sure enough, his direct attack had a huge impact on Mr. Boss Sun.

Even if you are in the True Immortal realm, it is normal for you to be overwhelmed by the scene in front of you.

In addition, the Sun family's ancestral land was so virtuous due to his slap. I'm afraid this is even more unacceptable to Mr. Boss Sun.

Wang Ling sighed silently. Then he raised his hand again. He helped Mr. Boss Sun aside. Then he drew a teleportation circle on the ground. The people who had been arranged in advance were directly teleported here using the circle.

Sun Rong looked confused: "What happened? Grandpa is okay!"

Wang Ying manifested his body. He crossed his arms and said, "Don't worry. Mr. Boss Sun was just frightened. The Lord has already replaced his memory. Once Mr. Boss Sun wakes up normally, he will be fine."

"What is this place?"

"It's a space that passes through a different world."

"I didn't expect that my Sun family's ancestral land would be so special. There would be such a huge steam abyss."

"No, Miss Rong. This steam abyss was created by the command master's powerful palm." Wang Ying said.

"..."

"Before you came, this place was originally an ice purgatory. It was a serious glacier world."

Sun Rong was afraid of his head. The expression on his face was that he couldn't laugh or cry: "I know now why grandpa fainted..."

However, Sun Rong didn't mean to blame Wang Ling. After all, it essentially destroyed Mingyue Ye. In fact, it was to protect Sun Yiyuan.

Understand this truth. Of course Sun Rong will not care about this many things. She just looked at the young man in front of her tenderly and asked: "Then classmate Wang Ling. will be responsible for repairing it, right?"

Gu "Hmm..." Wang Ling nodded.

"Ling Zhenren has notified Zhenyuan Immortal and Dharma King. They are on their way here." Immortal Toya looked at the abyss in front of him. He couldn't help but smiled bitterly and said, "I'll keep this teleportation circle for now." It's fine here. They will be teleported directly here by the magic circle when they turn around."

"That's it. I'll stay here to take care of grandpa. Immortal Toya-senpai and his classmate Wang Ling will continue to go deep into the ancestral land. Don't you still have something you want to know?"

At this time, Sun Rong suddenly suggested: "Grandpa hasn't woken up yet. It's a good time. It's convenient for me to stay and take care of him. In addition, it can also guide the way for Senior Zhenyuan Immortal and Senior Dharma King."

"That's fine. Miss Rong's suggestion is completely feasible."

Immortal Toya bowed and said with a smile: "Miss Rong, please rest assured. Next, I will accompany Ling Zhenren in depth. I will definitely remind Ling Zhenren to restrain himself and avoid using too much force again to cause irreversible damage to the Sun family's ancestral land."

Sun Rong also stood up and bowed: "Then I'll trouble Immortal Toya-senpai."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

To be honest. Boss Sun was so shocked that he fainted. This was not what Wang Ling expected.

Boss Sun's memories are all going to be replaced anyway. So after that slap, Wang Ling had already prepared the words to show off to Boss Sun. But he didn't expect that he had been brewing for a long time. . As a result, the old man fainted by himself.

Fortunately, after a comprehensive examination by Immortal Toya, Mr. Boss Sun only fainted due to a huge shock to his soul and temporary high blood pressure.

As a strong man in the True Immortal realm, this physical reaction is not life-threatening.

However, this did give Wang Ling the opportunity to go deep into the Sun family's ancestral land.

The palm he just struck, although it destroyed the Ice Purgatory, the movement was definitely not small.

This is actually Wang Ling trying to verify his own ideas. Under such a huge movement, the person who has been hiding in the Sun family's ancestral land and sitting firmly behind the scenes may really be unable to sit still and surface directly.

Although the Sun family's ancestral land seems to be peaceful on the surface, Wang Ling has a hunch that as long as he goes deeper, he might actually be able to meet the Sun family's ancestor.

It's just that when that time comes, it's really not certain whether the founder of the Sun family is still the original ancestor of the Sun family.

Thinking of this, Wang Ling moved his mind and transferred Immortal Toya directly to his core world.

He had a feeling that the next journey would be very dangerous. Even if Immortal Toya was the descendant of Laojun, there was no guarantee that he would encounter any accidents in the Sun family's ancestral land.

So he must protect Immortal Toya.

We can only take one step at a time.

Talk about Jian. Wang Ling flies into the void. It turns into a golden light and ascends to the void. www.uukanshu.net Speeds along the abyss in front of you.

Just two hundred kilometers ahead, King's Eyes of Wang Ling saw an old stone gate embedded in the cliffside. Water vapor condensed on it. There were water drops hanging on the entire stone gate.

Obviously before the 5% Law Palm was played, this place was also frozen.

So. Is it the entrance to the next map?

Wang Ling frowned slightly. Then he touched the handle of the stone door.

At that moment, the nearby space began to vibrate.

Countless golden teleportation arrays lit up in the void.

A noble knight riding a stone horse rushed out of the magic circle. They were armed with various weapons. In just a short moment, they charged towards Wang Ling...

Seeing this scene, Immortal Toya sighed: "It's broken. Ling Zhenren. There is no Boss Sun with us. We are defined as intruders!"





Chapter 2037: Anti-customer Wang Ling


Latest website: The Sun family's Mountain-Suppressing Knight is not just the one that dealt with Mingyue Ye before. It seems that the restrictions that can trigger the Mountain-Suppressing Knight are based on the strength of the "intruder".

Now, the vast number of knights rushing out of the mountain like a swarm in front of us is the best respect for Wang Ling.

This scene gave Immortal Toya a great shock. He had reason to suspect that all the mountain-suppressing knights in the entire Sun family's ancestral land had been activated. The hundreds of mountain-suppressing knights were probably the largest inventory in the entire Sun family's ancestral land.

At this time, they gathered in a dark patch of sky. The oppressive feeling of black clouds looming over the city almost made people so nervous that they couldn't breathe.

It is easy to destroy these mountain-suppressing knights. But after the scene just now, Wang Ling no longer wants to take action at will. He is afraid that if he does it, the holes in the Ice Purgatory have not been repaired. There will be a few more holes in the Sun family's ancestral land. Come.

Whoosh!

Wang Ling disappeared in an instant. He turned into a ray of light and rushed directly into the stone door in front of him. He ran as fast as light and electricity, trying to get rid of these mountain knights behind him.

After passing through the stone gate, I suddenly entered the third map world in the Hundred Thousand Mountains. This is a place that is very similar to an ancient battlefield. The terrain is dangerous and there are densely sealed immortal caves.

Wang Ling was running extremely fast, but he still used King's Eyes to see clearly the internal structure of these immortal caves. The ancestor of the Sun family hid part of the Sun family's treasures in these sealed immortal caves.

But in fact, most of the immortal caves are deliberately arranged traps. It is difficult to detect the authenticity from the appearance. If you make a mistake in judgment and fall into one, it will be like a wild beast falling into a trap. You will escape death.

Wang Ling traveled at the speed of light. He left behind a large afterimage. Without any reservations, he demonstrated his supreme speed.

The speed of these mountain knights was far inferior to Wang Ling. However, Wang Ling still couldn't get rid of them smoothly.

It was obvious that a long distance had been opened. Wang Ling found that the teleportation circles of those mountain-suppressing knights would always appear in the void behind him.

"Ling Zhenren. It seems that the summoning mechanism of this mountain knight is linked to the entire ancestral land. As long as the ancestral land ban is not rewritten, no matter where we are in the ancestral land, they can use the forbidden teleportation ability to rush us in an instant. Come on." Immortal Toya analyzed and said.

"Hmm."Wang Ling nodded.

But at the same time, he was also very curious about the setting of this restriction. To write such a restriction mechanism, the ability of the ancestor of the Sun family may be stronger than he imagined in Wang Ling.

For those with high power, it is not difficult to arrange the restriction itself. But the area of the Sun family's ancestral land, Shiwandashan, is too vast. It requires such a large amount of work, and it is necessary to write such a sophisticated restriction mechanism. This is not Most people can do it.

This is like programming. It is not difficult for programmers to write a simple small software. But if you want to program a 3A game masterpiece, the difficulty is not a million points.

So now comes the problem.

The current level of sophistication in the ancestral land restriction. Was it written by the founder of the Sun family back then? Or was it rewritten and rewritten by a more powerful person...for example, Dao Ancestor Wang. After the soul was planted? What are the results?

Wang Ling leaves questions in mind.

After confirming the operating mechanism of these mountain knights, Wang Ling immediately had a solution in mind.

He immediately took out a tablet computer.

"Ep Ed?" Immortal Toya was stunned when he saw this. He remembered that this chatty tablet computer spirit had been sent to other universes by Wang Ling. He didn't expect to see him again now.

"It's not Apple. It's a domestic Hongmeng tablet." Wang Ying's voice came.

"Understood." Immortal Toya nodded. He immediately knew that this Hongmeng was the replacement of the previous Aipuaide.

It can only be said that it is a domestic tablet. Hongmeng is obviously much more obedient than that chatty tablet that likes to show off data.

In the core world, Immortal Toya saw Wang Ling opening Hongmeng's programming system. A large string of precise green data scrolled on Hongmeng's black screen. It gave a high-tech feel.

It was not an ordinary numerical code. It was a variety of cultivation runes. Some of the runes were ancient runes. Immortal Toya couldn't understand them at all.

But he knows that Wang Ling is taking out Hongmeng while flying now. It is modifying the restrictions on the Sun family's ancestral land.

After a while, the tracking circle of the Zhenshan Knight subsided. Wang Ling also stopped his fast-moving body.

He turned back. After confirming that no mountain-suppressing knights were following him through the restricted teleportation circle, he felt relieved.

"Ling Zhenren is... directly canceling the ban on mountain knights in his ancestral land?" Immortal Toya asked curiously.

"No." Wang Ying said with a smile: "Cancel the ban on mountain knights in the ancestral land. If there is an invasion by foreign enemies, wouldn't the Sun family's ancestral land be unable to detect it? So, the Lord. Directly set yourself to The owner of the ancestral land."

"That's alright... As expected of Ling Zhenren." Immortal Toya was shocked.

He didn't expect such an operation to exist.

Good guy. He actually turned against the guest.

The owner of the Sun family's ancestral land...

Immortal Toya suddenly remembered what Boss Sun did when he was pursuing Grandma Sun. He had an inexplicable feeling that there was a sense of déjà vu.

Although Sun Rong did not design this time intentionally. But I don’t know why. Immortal Toya suddenly felt that Wang Ling had tricked himself into it.

After calming down the guard of the mountain knights, Wang Ling found that he had entered the depths of this ancient battlefield. The area of this place was larger than Wang Ling imagined. Previously, at his speed, Next. He didn’t even leap directly out of this ancient battlefield.

Wrong...

Maybe there is a travel ban on this battlefield? It has the same effect as a Möbius strip. No matter how it flies, it is actually constantly moving in the same battlefield.

Wang Ling I don’t know how many maps there are in the Sun family’s ancestral land, Shiwandashan. But from now on, it seems that if you want to enter the fourth map of the ancestral land, you may have to find another way.

And the secret to entering the fourth map may lie in this ancient battlefield.

"Um?"

At this time, he frowned and felt the presence of living beings in the battlefield. It was a feeling as if he had been sleeping for a long time and was reviving.

"I heard that in ancient times. www.uukanshu.net In order to protect the order of cultivators, the Sun family repeatedly sent family members to the battlefields of the immortal world to mediate and maintain peace. Countless young geniuses of the Sun family sacrificed themselves on the battlefield. Precious life."

At this time, Immortal Toya said. He put forward his own thoughts and doubts: "Is it possible that some of these young geniuses are not dead? Ling Zhenren directly resurrected the genius because he modified the restriction and injected spiritual power? But this is not the case. That's right. From ancient times to modern times. This timeline spans too long!"

Wang Ling landed on the ancient battlefield. He stared at a tombstone less than three feet away from him in front of him. The inscription on it had been completely obliterated. The handwriting could not be read clearly.

The breath of life he felt in the void before was transmitted from under the tombstone.

Soon. The earth around the tombstone loosened. A flawless white hand broke out of the earth...

"It's actually a woman?"

Wang Ying chuckled. He felt that things were getting interesting.





Chapter 2038 The mysterious girl resurrected in the Sun family’s ancestral land


Latest website: As the ground loosened a little, a slender hand as white as jade poked out from in front of the tombstone.

She was like a hibiscus in a swimming pool. She stretched out her two hands and directly scratched the soil on the side, then stretched out her upper body.

Wang Ling did not move. He just stood close and observed. He couldn't help but frown.

From ancient times to the present, the girl buried here has actually been able to keep her body incorruptible for such a long time. You must know that even the Eternals imprisoned in the Corpse Map have now become skeletons. Even Li Xian Zhang Zhui's body was created with the help of Wang Ling.

Wang Ling focused the King's Eyes on the half of the ancient armor exposed by the girl.

That is a real golden jade garment. Each scale of the armor is made of rich and powerful spiritual stones. Even though they are separated from ancient times to the present, they can still exude their own charm.

"A chaos weapon that has reached the third level of annihilation. No wonder." Wang Ying also saw the clue. He could feel that the jade armor on the girl was unusual. This jade armor and the carvings on each The ancient runes on the jade stone directly kept the girl's body incorruptible.

However, although the mystery of the immortal body has been solved, it still allows the girl to be buried underground in the ancient battlefield of the Sun family's ancestral land for such a long time.

Exactly why she woke up or was activated. The situation is still doubtful.

After all, Wang Ling was just passing by. And he didn't make much changes to the Sun family's original restrictions. It was like adding a new fingerprint lock.

Therefore, Wang Ling actually does not directly replace Boss Sun's position as the head of the Sun family. It just adds a master setting to the Sun family's ancestral land.

Of course. When all investigations are completed, Wang Ling will be responsible for restoring the ban to its original state.

At this time, the cute girl who had been sleeping underground for a long time finally pulled out her last right leg. Her eyes were very blurred. It was obvious that she was not very clear about why she appeared here.

To be honest, before the girl showed her face, Wang Ling thought that the person buried in this tombstone might be the Sun Fu he met when his soul traveled through the ages.

But the unfamiliar facial features in front of him disappointed him.

Sun Fu's heroic appearance and heroic expression made Wang Ling quite unforgettable. But the girl in front of her had a silly and cute look on her face, like a dull gourd. She didn't speak even after pulling out her body. Just look at him so quietly. Make eye contact with him.

This feeling of waking up from a big dream and not fully waking up is vividly reflected in the girl.

Wang Ling always had her school uniform in her trouser pocket. She was thinking about what to do next. Unexpectedly, the figure of this cute girl disappeared in an instant.

She was wearing such a heavy jade battle armor. When she moved, it was like light and electricity. Even though she had been sleeping since ancient times, as a genius who could be buried in the ancient battlefield of the Sun family's ancestral land, her amazing strength and fighting instincts still appeared in an instant. was awakened.

"So fast." Even Wang Ying was amazed. The girl was wearing a jade armor, but her body suddenly moved sideways like light and electricity.

She almost teleported to the front of Wang Ling. A bright light lit up when she raised her hand. A golden sword gathered the power of thunder and swiped it. It struck Wang Ling firmly on the forehead. .

Boom!

As soon as the knife went down, the ground beneath Wang Ling's feet cracked open instantly. The blade seemed to have penetrated Wang Ling's body and cut the ground into pieces. Countless gravels were rolled up by the air waves.

The sword light was very long. It swept forward like a waterfall. The bright lightning turned into long dragons and shot out in all directions. It roared and was so brilliant that it was a bit dazzling.

The cute girl's fighting instinct is really strong. It forms a sharp contrast with her personality.

Its combat ability far exceeds that of other cultivators on the earth. With this sword strike just now, Wang Ling estimated the girl's level.

It is a Dao God state.

And his fighting power is very strong. He is more fierce than the heads of several major families in God's Domain.

But it's a pity. The cute girl's operation was as fierce as a tiger's. It didn't even break a hair on Wang Ling.

Physical attacks are ineffective against Wang Ling. Especially Dao God level attacks. They are simply not good enough for Wang Ling.

"Huh?"

Obviously, the cute girl's question revealed that there was a big question mark in her heart at this time.

Although this blow was struck with fighting instinct, it did not hurt Wang Ling at all. This was something she had never imagined.

In fact, at the moment when the girl struck with the sword, Wang Ling used the "Great Tai Chi Technique" to directly dissolve the power brought by the sword. Therefore, the power of the sword directly passed through Wang Ling. Wang Ling's body was hit on the land beneath his feet.

Just like a lightning rod guiding lightning into the ground. The power of Tai Chi to release energy played a vital role at this moment.

If Wang Ling allowed the girl to chop him on the head, he would be unscathed. But the damage caused by the backlash is not something that the girl alone can bear.

Now the identity of this cute girl is a mystery. Although she was rude, she could appear on this ancient battlefield. This girl's true identity may also be an ancestor of the Sun family. The respect that should be given must still be given.

At this moment, a buzzing sound came from the void.

The familiar teleportation array of more than ten rounds lit up again at this moment.

They were the mountain-suppressing knights from the Sun family's ancestral land. They felt the spiritual power of the girl's sword and gathered here directly. A dozen or so mountain-suppressing knights appeared. The cute girl's face was also a little confused.

"I am Sun Ru." She turned around and introduced herself to these mountain knights.

Obviously, the girl also knows very well what these mountain knights are.

In other words, as early as in ancient times, the mountain knights had been put into use by the ancestors of the Sun family. www.uukanshu.net

However, in the face of the Sun family bloodline that has spanned such a long period of time and traversed the ancient times, today's Zhenshan Knights have not changed the ban on the Sun family's ancestral land, and are not accompanied by the current Sun family head. They will eliminate the modern Sun family. Everyone outside your home is considered an intruder.

The cute girl reported her home to no avail. Seeing that the mountain knight was about to attack, the thunder of the golden sword in her hand surged again.

Just as he was about to take action, Wang Ling raised his hand and waved his hand gently at the group of mountain knights. The mountain knights nodded in understanding and immediately changed direction and returned the same way.

This scene completely shocked Sun Ru. She turned her head and looked at the young man standing in front of her in disbelief.

This is the unique mountain-suppressing knight of the Sun family. He will only listen to the words of the head of the Sun family...

In other words, the head of the Sun family has changed hands while she was sleeping...

So. The young man standing in front of her is actually... the current head of the Sun family!





Chapter 2039 Sun Ru’s Grandma


Sun Ru was shocked inside. She didn't know how many years had passed while she was sleeping.

But looking at Wang Ling who easily drove away the Sun family's mountain knights in front of him. After trying to calm down his emotions, Sun Ru immediately knelt down in front of Wang Ling.

"Sun. Sun Ru. Say hello to the head of the Sun family!" She knelt down on one knee and clasped her fists in front of Wang Ling. She was immediately stunned by Wang Ling.

Although Sun Ru seems to be as old as himself, after all, she is still the Sun family in ancient times. There is a gap of N generations between the era of Sun Rong.

This scene was too embarrassing. Wang Ling had no choice but to release Immortal Toya from the core world to smooth things over.

As soon as she saw Immortal Toya, Sun Ru started to look at that cute face again. She unconsciously put her hand on her sword. She looked at Immortal Toya warily.

"Hello, Senior Sun Ru." Immortal Toya bowed respectfully. Then he stepped forward and helped Sun Ru up in a very gentlemanly manner: "Senior Sun Ru, please stand up and speak. Let me introduce myself. I am not from the Sun family, but I am. The descendant of Laojun. The master is Laojun."

As he spoke, he took out the jade pendant that symbolized the friendship between Laojun and the ancestor of the Sun family.

It was obvious that Sun Ru knew this thing. The expression on his face immediately relaxed a lot after seeing it.

But at the same time, she was also deeply aware that the current era was probably very far away from the era where she slept... the timeline spanned more than a little bit.

"Yeah. I recognize the pendant."

Sun Ru said. Her voice was quiet and cold. There was a sense of being unsmiling and not angry.

"Then I would like to ask you, Senior Sun Fu. What is your relationship with Senior Sun Fu?" Immortal Toya asked. This is also a question raised by Wang Ling through the mouth of Immortal Toya.

"Huh?"

The expression on Sun Ru's face was even more surprised: "You actually know my grandma. They say that in my grandma's lineage, I am the one who has the most different personality from her."

These words made Wang Ling, Immortal Toya suddenly realize.

Who would have thought that the cute girl in front of him is actually the descendant of Sun Fu from the eternal years.

So now comes the question. Sun Ru has to call Sun Fu grandma. So according to the seniority...Sun Rong, how should we call Sun Ru?

The time span in between is too long.

What happened in this ancient battlefield in ancient times.

And for what reason Sun Ru buried herself in the battlefield and fell asleep. For Wang Ling now, these are all questions.

"Why is Senior Sun Ru sleeping underground under this battlefield?" At this time, Immortal Toya asked.

Sun Ru did not answer directly. She just looked at somewhere on the battlefield.

With her awakening, new waves finally surged in this ancient battlefield filled with immortal caves.

Violent earth tremors came from all directions. Powerful spiritual power spurted out everywhere. These spiritual powers were also mixed with the power of chaos.

Obviously, there are ancient beings beyond the earth who have awakened at this moment.

And it was obvious that he was influenced by Sun Ru.

"Curse."

Wang Ling frowned slightly. He realized everything almost instantly.

Judging from the current situation, he can conclude that some kind of curse must have been set on Sun Ru, which will cause continuous attacks from some difficult ancient creatures.

Only if she dies will the anger of these ancient beings be appeased.

Perhaps it was because he had not found a way to truly destroy these ancient creatures back then that Sun Ru chose this method of sleeping to hide himself underground.

Now that she is awake, the curse has also been sealed simultaneously. And those ancient creatures who disappeared from the ancient battlefield have also been inspired. They have revived with Sun Ru. Gu

"Fortunately, it was you who woke up this Sun Ru."

Wang Ying folded his arms and watched the show in the consciousness space of Wang Ling. He felt the increasingly expanding psychic energy around him. He smiled and said, "This is if Mr. Boss Sun digs out Sun Ru.

Mr. Boss Sun can't deal with these difficult ancient spiritual beasts at all." He said this. But Wang Ling frowned deeply.

Why can he wake up Sun Ru?

Could it be that someone has already calculated all this?

"Master, these ancient blood demons are difficult to deal with."

At this time, Sun Ru's voice came. She didn't say much and went straight to the point: "This is a mixed product of the ancient demon clan and the ancient lineage of the eternal era. It was transformed by a curse. It was born by cursing other living beings. As long as The cursed ones are immortal. They will launch a permanent hunt. Moreover, they are immortal. Physical attacks are ineffective. They are a group of spirits. It is difficult to deal with them."

Sun Ru said.

Most of them are consistent with the conclusions drawn by Wang Ling at first glance.

So this is also the reason why Sun Ru had no choice but to sleep in sleep. Because if he didn't do that and were affected by the blood demon, more Sun family children would be implicated by the blood demon.

Although the blood demon was chasing only Sun Ru, the ghostly impact during the attack caused widespread damage. Others would be affected one after another.

Moreover, the blood demon's curse is contagious. Once attacked by the blood demon, as long as you don't die, you will also be included in the target of hunting.

At this time. Wang Ling sighed in his heart.

After all, he is a member of the Sun family with Sun Rong. Even the curse is passed down from ancestors...

Not long after he helped Sun Rong solve the Yin-Yang Death Tribulation. Now he started to help Sun Rong's ancestors solve the curse problem.

While thinking, Wang Ling walked closer.

Upon seeing this, Sun Ru reminded the alliance solemnly: "Master, I know you are very powerful. But you must not underestimate your enemy. Blood demons are difficult to deal with... They are immortal!"

"Chi!"

Wang Ling raised his hand and spread all five fingers of his right hand. Immediately, five rays of Immortal light rushed out. Five rays followed five rays. They were fired in succession like tracking bombs. Finally, they gathered into countless rays and shot in all directions.

puff!

In the void, the blood demons that had just woken up and were rushing towards Sun Ru from all directions exploded one by one in mid-air.

They were just a group of spirits. However, after being hit by Wang Ling's immortal light, they exploded one by one in the void. They turned into a ball of plasma on the spot. Then they turned into a ball of red clouds under the huge spiritual energy of the immortal light. .

Wang Ling was so powerful. It was otherworldly. It was even greater than Sun Ru expected. She stared at the young head of the Sun family. Her mouth had been opened as big as an egg. She looked in a daze.

The blood demon who claims to be immortal...

How could he be destroyed so easily.

Can the Sun family still have such a powerful head in charge?

This blood demon was a thing that gave even the founder of the Sun family a headache!

Wang Ling didn't pay attention to the Blood Demon at all. The immortal light emitted from his fingertips was actually the light wave condensed by the Palm of Law. It was just ejected through the fingertips to achieve continuous firing.

And it has absorbed the characteristics of the last time that 5% of the Law of Order Palm was too powerful. This time, every Dao Immortal light emitted by Wang Ling is actually only 1% of the power of the Law of Order Palm.

A mere blood demon. Wang Ling didn't take it seriously at all.

He has even beaten foreign gods.

These are just demons fused with part of the old bloodline. In the eyes of Wang Ling, they are just a bunch of bastards.





Chapter 2040 Beating the Blood Demon


Latest URL: In the process of being bombarded by countless rays, Wang Ling discovered that these blood demons were by no means as immortal as Sun Ru said.

They were born due to the curse. They came after the curse. Until the cursed person could no longer breathe, the blood demon would never stop his killing spree.

When the rays from the fingertips of the Palm of Law burst through these blood demon spirits from the fingertips of Wang Ling, Wang Ling's eyes almost immediately looked to somewhere in the ancient battlefield.

He jumped directly into the air. Countless rays were shot out from his fingertips continuously. While moving at high speed, he was also quickly destroying the blood demon.

Immortal Toya was stunned to see this scene.

Wang Ling is so handsome. All the combat movements are so smooth that it is unimaginable. Especially the way he moves and shoots at the same time. It looks like a game skill "Icathia Heavy Rain"!

"Did the head of the family discover something?" Sun Ru was very curious. She wanted to follow him and have a look. But at the moment, she could only stand where she was and cooperate with Wang Ling.

These blood demons are still mainly chasing her. If she changes her position now, she is worried that it will cause trouble to Wang Ling and reduce Wang Ling's hit rate.

But it turned out that Sun Ru was overthinking it. Because Wang Ling's fingertip rays were automatically tracked. It was precisely because of this that he could perform the amazing operation of shooting with his fingertips while moving at high speed.

"Senior Sun Ru, don't worry. I think Ling Zhenren must have discovered the secret of the blood demon's continuous resurgence." Immortal Toya analyzed.

His premonition was very accurate. Almost at the moment when the guess was made, Wang Ling came to a crater on the battlefield. This was a completely collapsed ground. It looked like a huge crater.

Buzz!

The King's Eyes bloomed with Lotus. A Dharma Seal shot out from the center of the pupil. It was an engraving that had already been drawn. It continued to enlarge during the flight. The final bang sound was like a seal. It was solid and facing the huge mouth. The crater fell down.

One beam after another rushed up as the engraving fell. The endless light superimposed. It seemed to be resolving some evil force buried deep under the pit.

At the end, a burst of wailing whimpering from ghosts and gods was heard. It was so shocking that it made people cover their ears unconsciously. It almost felt like they were separated from each other.

Immortal Toya, Sun Ru's eyes widened in surprise. They tried hard to block their ears and stabilize their minds.

Then. Deep in the pit, a huge black claw covered with barbs and with bright red demonic runes shining on its entire hand poked out from the bottom of the pit.

The spiritual energy brought by Wang Ling was too strong, forcing the mother body of the Blood Demon, which was buried deep in the ancient battlefield and had never been discovered, to crawl out of the hole at this time.

The blood demon mother body is different from the normal blood demon. It is always in a sleeping state. This is also the reason why the blood demon mother body is difficult to find.

As long as the blood demon's mother body is not destroyed, he can use a strange brain wave to infinitely construct ordinary blood demons during his sleep, and use what ordinary blood demons see to restore everything in the real world in his dreams. Perform remote control operations on these small and medium-sized blood demons in dreams.

This kind of trick is actually somewhat similar to the Void Creatures and the current Bai Zhe. But it is just childish in front of Wang Ling after all.

As soon as the blood demon mother body stretched out a hand, Wang Ling turned into a ray of light and rushed down. It stretched out its palm and grabbed a barb on the palm. Then it yanked hard.

This ugly black giant, which was more than thirty feet long, was pulled directly out of the pit and into the soil of the ground by Wang Ling.

Wang Ling had no expression on his face. Still holding the barb, he repeatedly beat the Blood Demon's mother body back and forth. It was as if such a huge volume could not feel its weight in Wang Ling's hands.

This was half a year ago. Wang Ling might have taken some effort. But now his fighting power is becoming more and more fierce. This can also be seen from the shorter and shorter time Talisman maintains.

Normally, Wang Ling has to be careful when he is on the earth. This time, although he is in the ancient battlefield of the Sun family's ancestral land, it is still an alien space. This makes Wang Ling unable to use his fists and kicks. Too much consideration.

Don't worry about the surrounding buildings being destroyed by yourself.

In fact, after Wang Ling threw the first round, the mother body had already died. But just in case, Wang Ling threw a few more rounds, and then suddenly threw it into the void. . Raise your hand and aim at the mother body and fire another 2% Law Palm.

A red shock wave roared out from the palm of Wang Ling. Like a giant dragon, it caused an explosion in the void and directly exploded the huge blood demon mother body.

As soon as the mother's body was destroyed, all the small and medium-sized blood demons dissipated simultaneously. Black energy emitted from Sun Ru's body, indicating that the curse had automatically broken down.

She looked at this scene in disbelief. She didn't expect that the head of the Sun family of this generation would be so strong...

This is the mother body that even the founder of the family did not discover back then. It was unexpectedly discovered by this generation of the Sun family head so easily.

Everything was solved. Wang Ling fell from the air with his trouser pockets inserted. His face was still expressionless. It was as if he had just stretched his muscles.

"Lord Sun Ling! You are so strong!" Sun Ru expressed her sincere admiration. She changed from her previous cute look. In such an astonishing scene, her expression management was completely out of control.

However, this greeting made Wang Ling feel frightened.

Mr. Sun Ling is okay...

Because Immortal Toya called him Ling Zhenren. And Sun Ru thought he was the real head of the Sun family. So did she just think of his name as Sun Ling?

Anyway, without Sun Ru knowing about it, Wang Ling thought it would be okay to be called out like that.

And he himself didn't want Sun Ru to know too much about him.

"Senior Sun Ru, does he know how to enter the next map?" At this time, Immortal Toya asked on behalf of Wang Ling.

"Huh? Don't you know how to enter the next map, Master?"

"After all, I have just succeeded...I am not very familiar with the situation in the ancestral land. Senior Sun Ru should have seen it. Ling Zhenren is obsessed with spiritual practice and hardly pays attention to other things." Immortal Toya said awkwardly. He just took over this rhetoric. It’s not like I was lying to Sun Ru. Because this ban was indeed revised just now.

He thought his explanation was far-fetched. www.uukanshu.net But Sun Ru believed it completely. She showed her cute and innocent look again. She nodded repeatedly: "I understand. This is why the head of the family is so strong. . In that case, let me lead the way."

In ancient times, because of constant wars, there were not so many restrictions in the ancestral land. As long as the descendants who were famous in the Sun family could freely enter the ancestral land.

There are countless family rules in this family today. They were all added by successive family heads after the death of Ancestor Immortal, the founder of the Sun family.

Therefore, as a person from ancient times, it is not surprising that Sun Ru is very aware of the situation in his ancestral land.

And because Wang Ling took action and easily solved the relationship with the blood demon mother body. She didn't even have any doubts about Immortal Toya's words.

One is the ridiculously powerful current head of the Sun family.

The other one is the descendant of Laojun who has the best relationship with the ancestor of the Sun family.

You can’t lie to yourself, right?





Chapter 2041 The Mighty Saint


The latest website: Wang Ling Here we continue to visit the ancestral land of the Sun family.

At the same time, on the other side, in the depths of the infinite galaxy, surrounded by countless black holes, it was airtight. On the dragon star shining with holy brilliance, Bai Zhe in the form of a moonlight dragon opened his eyes.

Although the earth is still under an invisible barrier due to Wang Ling, Bai Zhe still learned of Mingyue Ye's death through other means.

Previously, he hid a life dragon scale on Mingyue Ye. It can be used to monitor Mingyue Ye's life status.

Its essence is the old dragon scales metabolized from the current Bai Zhe. It is inconspicuous and has no other value. But it can provide Bai Zhe with a good barrier to avoid the earth. It can know what one wants by tracing back to the soul. What is the life state of the person being monitored?

But now, he can no longer sense the relationship between this life dragon scale and himself.

It's faster than expected.

Bai Zhe swung the dragon's tail. The expression on his face couldn't be said to be too surprising. It seemed that he had already known that Mingyue Night would be in trouble due to this.

Anyway, he still has a lot of cards in his hand. Mingyue Ye is just the weakest one.

Although the time of death was much earlier than Bai Zhe predicted, Mingyue Ye also accomplished his historical mission well.

At least Bai Zhe knew the exact location of the Sun family's ancestral land.

That was also part of Bai Zhe's plan.

"The second chess piece. It seems you have already arranged it." Fenmu Shen said with a smile.

"His name is Qiao Yanyuan."

Bai Zhe said calmly: "It was originally sent to the earth with Mingyue Ye."

The difference from Mingyue Ye is that Qiao Yanyuan is a powerful new dragon born supported by Bai Zhe. His fighting power is more powerful than Jingze and Yan?? combined.

Qiao Yanyuan was actually there when the bright moon night was swallowing up everything on the earth. The task assigned by Bai Zhe to Qiao Yanyuan was to guide Qu Shuling to swallow the dragon scale he gave him, so that he could complete a glorious evolution. .

...

Out of her good impression of Wang Ling and the trust she gained after receiving help, Sun Ru guided Wang Ling into the fourth map.

In the void. After Wang Ling took Immortal Toya into the core world, he followed Sun Ru across the sky. Soon, under Sun Ru's guidance, he saw a completely dried up abandoned pool on this ancient battlefield.

It was originally a healing immortal spring. It was originally excavated from nature and then artificially transformed and beautified around the immortal spring pool. The surrounding area was surrounded by hard jade.

After years of baptism, these spiritual jade have lost their original luster. The cracks on them are twisted and twisted, full of a mottled feeling of time.

In the ancient battlefields of ancient cultivators, it was extremely important to have a healing immortal spring. You only need to sit cross-legged near the immortal spring pool. You can quickly recover internal and external injuries with the help of the natural power of the immortal spring pool, thereby achieving the best results on the battlefield. Battery life.

Therefore, whether it is the main battle party or the defensive party, snatching the immortal spring pool is a routine operation in ancient battlefields. This is an important natural strategic point.

If we can capture most of the immortal spring pools on the battlefield, our chances of winning the battle will increase significantly.

Now, this healing immortal spring has completely dried up. If Sun Ru hadn't brought him here, Wang Ling wouldn't even have discovered this pool.

"Senior Sun Ru, is the entrance to the fourth map space right here?" Immortal Toya asked in the core world.

"This old immortal spring pool is of great significance. It was originally here... but I didn't expect it. After finding this place according to the coordinates, the pool has completely dried up. Originally, the immortal spring pool was in a full state. I plunged into it. In the water, you can reach the fourth map space." Sun Ru responded.

This time span is too long. The immortal spring pool in the memory of that year is no longer the same. Although Sun Ru remembers that before she entered the infinite sleep in order to calm the blood demon, the immortal spring pool had already suffered a lot of wear and tear. But this is not enough. No...this was something Sun Ru never expected.

"It must have been while I was sleeping. Someone else stole the spiritual power of the immortal spring pool in order to break through the realm." Sun Ru frowned for the first time and said with some complaints.

For ancient cultivators, the immortal spring pool was of great significance. Because it was an important resource and strategic point on the battlefield, it was generally strictly controlled.

And according to the collaborative agreement, the party to which the immortal spring pool belongs has the responsibility and obligation to protect the integrity of the immortal spring pool. Of course, it is also very important that the immortal spring pool cannot be borrowed for practice.

Because these are limited natural resources. Once they are all consumed, they will no longer exist. Although the ancient cultivators in those days had constant wars, big and small, they also believed that this world of cultivation did not entirely belong to them. They should fight for it. Future generations are responsible. Leave something for them.

But it's a pity. There are always those selfish and refined egoists in every era.

Some people have even created a spell that can quickly absorb the spiritual power of the immortal spring pool and use it for their own use, thereby quickly improving their realm.

Sun Ru sighed as she spoke. She even thought of a person: "I wonder if you, as a descendant of Laojun, have ever heard the Taoist name of a sad and powerful saint?"

"Well. Senior Sun Ru said this. I do remember that I have seen this name somewhere."

"This is the shame of ancient times." Sun Ru said: "She was originally a casual cultivator. Her original name was Huang Shengwei. However, she rose to several great realms in a very short period of time during the ancient times. Many people thought she was a genius... But in fact, she relied on stealing the spiritual power of the immortal springs controlled by the major families in ancient times to strengthen herself."

"Has it never been discovered?"

"It was already too late when she was discovered. She was very powerful. Most people couldn't do anything to her. In the end, it was the heads of several major families who discussed and personally took action to suppress her."

Sun Ru sneered and said: "Back then, the spiritual power stolen by the sad and powerful saint from the immortal spring pool was converted into a specific value. It was nearly 1.341 billion."

"So accurate?"

"Because there were special statistics when the verdict was announced."

"What Senior Sun Ru said is quite interesting. Senior Zhang Zhui called him an expert."

"Huh? You actually know Zhang Zhui? But I think the behavior of the sad and powerful saint is much worse than this thief. At least this thief only steals from wealthy gentry. Sometimes he robs the rich and gives to the poor. But this sad and powerful saint steals It's a public resource."

"..."

Listening to Sun Ru's words, Wang Ling was staring at the immortal spring pool in front of him, thinking deeply in his heart.

This immortal spring has now dried up. It stands to reason that Sun Yiyuan must have other ways to enter the fourth map. But if what Sun Ru said is true, then as long as this immortal spring is restored, you can directly enter the fourth map. Four map spaces.

Thinking of this. www.uukanshu.net Wang Ling At this moment, the spiritual energy in the palm of my hand burst out. I patted it forward. The golden spiritual energy surged forward. It was like a vast ocean pouring straight into this immortal spring pool that had dried up long ago. Li.

Buzz!

An unbelievable scene happened again for Sun Ru.

The immortal spring pool that had dried up for countless years was restored to its splendor under the palm of Wang Ling! Above the immortal spring pool, the colorful glazed spring water reappeared. The flowers of the avenue were in full bloom. The damaged spiritual jade surrounding the pool absorbed the spiritual power of the spring water and regained its original luster.

Just a palm of spiritual energy instilling it. Directly filling an ancient immortal spring pool?

Sun Ru was shocked.

You must know that in ancient times, an immortal spring pool could repair the injuries of millions of cultivators at the same time...





Chapter 2042 The ancestral attributes are indeed inherited from the same origin


It takes a genius to remember the address of this website in one second: []https://Fastest updates! No ads!

The power of Wang Ling is far beyond Sun Ru's knowledge. To be honest, as a cultivator in ancient times, Sun Ru thinks that he is not as good as his ancestors in the ancient times. But in the end, it is the pride of the family to be able to handle it.

Otherwise, he would not have been sent to the ancient battlefield to participate in the peace defense war led by the Sun family.

After all, Sun Ru thinks that she has seen a lot of people in the market. For example, her grandma Sun Fu is very strong. Sun Ru still remembers that she was shocked by her grandma's magical operations time and time again when she was a child. She even thought that her grandma Sun Fu was very powerful. Grandma Sun Fu may be the first person under the ancestor of the Sun family.

But now. This perception has been broken by Wang Ling.

Mr. "Sun Ling" in front of him. The injection of spiritual power from his palm directly revitalized the ancient immortal spring pool that can restore the injuries of millions of cultivators. This is too scary!

Realizing that her mouth could not be restrained from opening, Sun Ru was stunned for a long time before regaining her composure.

She remembered that she had heard her ancestors' analysis of the general trend of cultivation in the future. Due to the constant wars between ancient cultivators, the earth's spiritual energy was bound to be depleted. Therefore, in the future cultivation world, the overall level of cultivators will be far lower than that of the old era. Cultivator.

Unless other ways can be found to help the earth's overall spiritual veins become stronger than before. In order to achieve a method of turning the earth's spiritual energy over to support the cultivation and consumption of all human cultivators.

Otherwise, if things continue like this, it will only be a matter of time before cultivators die.

In other words, future cultivators...shouldn't they be more crotch-stretching at the realm level?

Why can the current head of their Sun family be so outrageous!

Sun Ru considers herself to be a person who doesn't show her expression easily. Everyone who sees her thinks that she always looks awake and cute. This actually gives Sun Ru an excellent battlefield. Disguise.

So on the ancient battlefield, those who despised her because of her expression all became her victims.

But now. The impact Wang Ling has brought to her is too great. Sun Ru's expression management and emotional management have completely lost control.

"Senior Sun Ru? We can take action." At this time, Immortal Toya's voice came.

Wang Ling has been waiting by the immortal spring pool for a long time.

Seeing that Sun Ru had not calmed down for a long time, Immortal Toya gave a warning.

Sun Ru's face turned red, perhaps because she realized that she had revealed an unseen look.

It was not until this moment that Wang Ling further confirmed the blood connection between Sun Ru and Sun Rong.

Good guy...the attributes of this "Steam Girl" are actually passed down from ancestors!

After jumping into the immortal spring pool with Sun Ru, Wang Ling immediately felt that a space tunnel was opened at the bottom of the immortal spring pool. A seven-color vortex opened directly. The people who jumped into the pool were quickly People swallow it together.

When he came back to his senses. Wang Ling, Sun Ru had suddenly appeared on the fourth map of the Sun family's ancestral land.

This is a place full of smoke and clouds. There are shining clouds and mist everywhere. A long carpet filled with starlight runs along Wang Ling, and Sun Ru's feet lead directly to the simple and magnificent gate in front of the sky.

This is the fourth map after the Sun family's ancestral land has a cave, an ice purgatory, and an ancient battlefield: Xiaonantianmen.

According to Sun Ru, the structure here is an illusion corridor created by replicating the legendary Nantianmen in ancient books one to one. The small Nantianmen is right in sight. But if the correct method is not found, get rid of the inner demons. You can never get close to the other side.

Of course. Sun Ru herself knows how to crack it.

Logically speaking, in order to save time, she should lead the way for the current head of the Sun family... But now, Sun Ru wants to see it even more. Wang Ling Faced with this little Nantianmen whom she has never seen before, this current Sun Ru What kind of amazing performance will the head of the family have?

In fact, when I saw the small Nantianmen in front of me, Wang Ling instantly thought of the Heavenly Court where the Heavenly Dao little Golden Men lived.

The starlight road in front of us is also very similar to the road leading to the Heavenly Dao Committee controlled by the Six Lords Heavenly Dao.

So is the construction of the fourth map really based on the legendary ancient books?

Wang Ling has doubts about this.

Sure enough, the origin of the ancestor of the Sun family is extraordinary. He must have been to heaven to achieve such a reproduction. Otherwise, it would never be possible to restore it like this.

Everything in front of you seems unreal to those who come here for the first time. Everything around is blurry. There is only the starlight road under your feet and the small Nantianmen in the distance that seems to be very close at hand.

All kinds of auras and colorful mist are intertwined. It's like boiling water in the ice and snow polar regions is constantly evaporating.

Wang Ling still maintained a calm attitude, walking on the Avenue of Stars with his trousers in his pockets.

While walking, Sun Ru showed a surprised expression from time to time. That was because the illusion effect here aroused the fear deep in her heart.

However, the strange thing is that these illusions did not completely form, but simply dissipated.

She has never seen anything like this.

According to her understanding, the illusion here can condense into its true form, and it can really cause physical harm to people! But now, Sun Ru has never heard of such a situation that it wilts before it even takes shape.

What made Sun Ru even more outrageous was that she followed Wang Ling all the way. It only took less than five minutes to walk directly to the entrance of Xiaonantianmen.

five minutes...

walk!

How is this possible!

There is a special way to deal with the illusion of this Avenue of Stars. If we had not cracked the illusion and found the key nodes on the Avenue of Stars, we would never have been able to reach this little Nantianmen!

"Senior Sun Ru. Illusion is ineffective against Ling Zhenren. That's why he was able to come here unimpeded." Immortal Toya sighed. He was not surprised by Sun Ru's appearance that he had never seen the market before. Take the time to explain.

"What...the illusion doesn't work?"

Sun Ru was startled: "That's not right. I remember that Lord Ancestor kept the Fire Eye Golden Dragon for himself. He didn't pass it on to anyone."

"..." Immortal Toya was silent.

He knows that the King's Eyes of Wang Ling is several dimensions stronger than this flaming-eyed golden beast. There is absolutely no meaning of comparison.

Sun Ru thought about it. The thoughts in her mind couldn't help but wander. Her thinking began to leap and jump. She thought of a sexy operation that normal people could not think of: "Oh my god..."

"What is Senior Sun Ru thinking?"

"Heir of Laojun, you have to tell me honestly. Did our current head of the Sun family dig up the ancestor's grave... and dig out the golden eye of the ancestor..."

"..."

Wang Ling was speechless. I was shocked by this conclusion.

"Senior Sun Ru's idea is so amazing."

Immortal Toya couldn't hold it back. He complained directly: "How is that possible, Senior Sun Ru! This is too filial! Ling Zhenren is not even familiar with the Sun family's ancestral land. If they have dug graves... I still need you to lead the way here." ?"

"Yes." Sun Ru suddenly realized.

"..."

Wang Ling sighed in his heart.

He confirmed again. What attributes did Sun Rong inherit from his ancestors?

This ancestral "Steam Girl" and this ancestral "brain supplement ability"... are really too strong...





Chapter 2043 Ancient Genius


Latest website: Five minutes. Just walking to Xiaonantianmen. This is something Sun Ru could not have imagined.

She still remembered the first time she came here. If her grandmother hadn't secretly helped her, it would have been hundreds of years before she could reach the other side with her own strength.

Xiaonantianmen. This is the fourth map of the Sun family's ancestral land. Wang Ling calmly jumped over the door. An immortal palace wrapped in chaotic mist came into view.

Sun Ru said. After passing through Xiaonantianmen, the immortal palace hidden behind Xiaonantianmen is actually the key to the fifth map.

Wang Ling saw an upright palm print on the door of the Immortal Palace. The five fingers were particularly distinct. At that moment, Wang Ling's King's Eyes traveled through the ages. It was as if he saw a man with long golden hair. The scene of a handsome young man with blond hair pressing his palm on the gate of the Immortal Palace.

Is it unlocked by palm prints...

After a brief trance, Wang Ling woke up.

Although he changed the restrictions on the Sun family's ancestral land, the unlocking of the palm print really surprised him.

The inheritance about unlocking the gate of the Immortal Palace is now left with Sun Yiyuan. In other words, only the palm of the real head of the family can open the gate of the Immortal Palace.

"It's so cheating. There is such a strange setting." In the core world, Immortal Toya couldn't laugh or cry: "But we have come here. I don't think there is anything we can do. With Ling Zhenren's strength, it is definitely not a problem to break through. "

Breaking down the door by force...

Wang Ling heard Immortal Toya's proposal. She felt very helpless.

Although he had previously decided not to cause more damage to the Sun family's ancestral land, now he did not want to reveal his secret in front of Sun Ru.

For this plan, we really had to force the gate of the Immortal Palace open.

Thinking of this, Wang Ling had no choice but to step forward calmly. He placed his hand on the palm print, pretending to identify it through the palm print.

In fact, a pressure is directly applied at the moment when the palm covers it.

He swore.

He really conserved his strength. He didn't use all his strength.

Just a simple push...

Who would have thought that the gate of the Immortal Palace was as brittle as paper. With a bang, it collapsed backwards.

The violent sound of the door collapsing along with the sound of rolling gravel resounded through the entire Xiaonantianmen. Sun Ru was so frightened that she covered her ears on the spot. When she regained consciousness, the door of the Immortal Hall had broken in front of her feet.

The fifteen-foot-high gate of the Immortal Palace actually collapsed from behind and broke into three parts.

The key is that she felt that Wang Ling really didn't use much force. How could the gate of the Immortal Palace be broken so completely?

"Hey. I didn't expect that I had been sleeping for such a long time. The gate of the Immortal Palace has been in disrepair for a long time... How could it be so fragile?" Faced with the mess in front of her, Sun Ru couldn't help but sigh deeply.

The ancestral brain healing ability once again played a vital role at this moment.

Wang Ling and Immortal Toya secretly breathed a sigh of relief. As long as there is no suspicion, everything is easy to talk about.

But at this moment, as the gate of the Immortal Palace was forcibly pushed open, the jasper-colored three-legged ancient tripod located in the center of the entire glorious and spacious Immortal Palace began to rise into a cloud of smoke.

The ancient tripod is huge in size. It is as high as a small villa. Each foot is held by a legendary beast. From the appearance, Wang Ling can identify the three legendary beasts: Pixiu, Taotie and True Dragon.

But now is obviously not the time to admire this ancient tripod. Something seems to be awakening with the spreading smoke.

Immediately afterwards, a chilling rotten smell began to spread in the air.

"How is it possible..." The expression on Sun Ru's face changed obviously. She recognized this smell, so she showed a very panicked look. She instinctively summoned the thunder golden knife in her hand. Her whole body was full of fighting spirit. The fighting instinct is directly stimulated by this smell.

There is no need to think carefully. Wang Ling can roughly guess that something must have been suppressed in this ancient cauldron back then.

A long time has passed. With the cautious personality of the founder of the Sun family, no matter what kind of creature is in this ancient cauldron, it has been suppressed for so long. I am afraid that it has long become a corpse.

So this is definitely not some kind of rebirth. I'm afraid it's because he forced his way into the Immortal Palace, which triggered the protective mechanism of the Immortal Palace. The creatures that were originally suppressed in the ancient cauldron were suppressed by the spells arranged by the ancestor of the Sun family in advance. Awakened. Became the special guardian of this immortal temple.

But Sun Ru was obviously unaware of this situation. Even if she had entered the Immortal Palace before, she had always followed the normal procedure. Instead of directly pushing down the door like him.

The unequal information gap immediately made Sun Ru think that the terrible guy who was suppressed back then was about to resurrect from the ancient tripod.

"It's a good year...he's not dead yet..."

The expression on Sun Ru's face was solemn. She didn't expect that she could still sense the aura of resurrection in the Immortal Palace.

This is a peerless genius who was suppressed by the founder of the Sun family in ancient times and relied on evil methods to practice in ancient cauldrons. At a young age, his strength is already equal to those of the ancients. He is an otherworldly existence. It is also the nightmare of countless geniuses in ancient times.

Almost none of the geniuses who were targeted by Xifeng Nian survived. And Xufeng Nian had also targeted Sun Ru at the beginning. It was a pity that the ancestor of the Sun family found a way to suppress him before he could take action.

It's just that Sun Ru didn't expect that after being suppressed, Sun Ru was directly "trained" to become the guardian of the Immortal Palace.

But Sun Ru, who was completely unaware of this matter, thought that Xifeng Nian had resurrected from the ancient tripod.

"Senior Sun Ru, there is no need to panic. Ling Zhenren is here."

"But...this person is really dangerous!" Sun Ru said.

She heard that the ancestor of the Sun family also had the experience of being suppressed in the alchemy furnace. As a result, the suppression by the alchemy furnace not only did not hurt the ancestor, but instead allowed him to forge the powerful Fire Eye Golden Dragon in the alchemy furnace.

Although there are differences between the alchemy furnace and the ancient tripod, the means of suppression are essentially the same. www.uukanshu.net Even she can wake up from her slumber across such a long period of time. It seems to be a very reasonable operation to be able to resurrect her soul in such a good year. .

Buzz!

At this moment, the ancient cauldron in front trembled. A black aurora jumped out of it and then fell quickly. A young man with a bandage wrapped around his upper body and a stern look appeared.

Just like Sun Ru described, his face was full of coldness and ruthlessness. His long black hair was shawl. His pants were torn into strips. His hands and feet were all wearing heavy shackles. He just stood there barefoot. . It gives people a sense of horror from the soul.

Comes from ancient times. Is he a genius who became the guardian of the Immortal Palace after being suppressed by the ancestor of the Sun family?

Wang Ling was originally not very interested in the origin of the decadent years.

But now, when it turned into a black aurora in the decadent years and stood in front of him in a ragged, embarrassed but murderous manner, Wang Ling instantly knew the reason why the founder of the Sun family suppressed him.

Because he could feel that this mortal man had the blood of an alien god...





Chapter 2044 Wang Ling vs Decay and Fengnian


Latest website: When the long-dormant Xifengnian was reactivated by the forbidden curse of the Sun family's ancestor, the faint power of the bloodline of the alien gods immediately attracted the great attention of Wang Ling.

The destruction of the Outer Gods preceded the eternity of those who could be contaminated with the blood of the Outer Gods. There is undoubtedly only one answer. That is, the dead and rich years must have broken into the Palace of the Outer Gods back then.

And therefore, those inside received part of the inheritance from the outer gods.

The mere fact that he was able to walk out of the palace of the outer gods was enough to prove the extraordinary qualities of Xifengnian.

After all, there are only a few people who can break into it and come out from it. It is basically impossible for anyone to have the leisurely experience of strolling in the garden in the palace of the outer gods like Wang Ling. The vast majority of people are buried inside after entering. .

Only a handful of people can come out alive, not because of their strong strength, but because they are favored by the will of the alien gods, making this group of cultivators their affiliates to continue to spread the Heavenly Dao tradition in the world of human cultivation.

However, the human body is still weaker than the outer gods. Therefore, the will of the palace of the outer gods will definitely be selected from the best. And only a very small part of the power of the Taoism will be passed down.

If all the cells are transplanted, the successor will die on the spot if they can no longer bear it. But the transplant will pass little by little, and they will continue to be cultured and reproduced in the body over time. In the end, the foreign system will be completely inherited.

But in this way, the time span is very long. It is impossible to inherit the complete Heavenly Dao tradition without tens of millions of years.

I don't know why. Sun Ru felt that Xifengnian was more terrifying than the legend. Just looking at him like that, a chilling aura permeated from his whole body.

Buzz!

A black light rushed out from Xufengnian's body, directly opening up a piece of heaven and earth. An independent space in another world was formed on the spot.

This space is located above the big world. It is the highest world. A space of endless darkness.

In the dark purple sky, the black clouds are very low, as if they will collapse at any time. The wind is howling here, and there is no light. If you look closely, your whole spirit will collapse.

Because those densely packed in the deep purple sky are slightly invisible purple pupils. They are densely packed with the whole world, and together they focus their attention here.

The last time Wang Ling entered the Supreme World was when he fought against Fenmu Shen. Normal cultivators would never be able to summon the Supreme World.

It can only be said that Xianfengnian is much more powerful than Wang Ling imagined.

Sun Ru's knees have become weak. In such a supreme world, the fighting instinct of the young and delicate Sun family has no effect at all.

Upon seeing this, Wang Ling quickly took her into his core world to avoid the sharp edge brought by the supreme world of decay and abundance.

"Master, be careful! He has become more terrifying than the legend! He must have become stronger while sleeping." Sun Ru said.

Wang Ling heartily agrees with this view.

Although Xuefengnian was suppressed and "trained" into a puppet by the founder of the Sun family, the bloodline of the Outer Gods he inherited was indeed genuine.

For the founder of the Sun family back then, perhaps the suppression was really just a helpless move. He used this method because he had no means to really kill Xufengnian.

However, during such a long period of time, even in a state of suppression, the solid outer god cells in his body were still helping him move closer to a complete outer Heavenly Dao system.

Now Wang Ling is like Tang Monk who unlocked the Wuzhishan talisman for Sun Wukong, allowing Xianfengnian to emerge from the suppressed state effortlessly.

Of course. In fact, Wang Ling also has an intuition.

That is, the decadent harvest is actually intentional.

With such strength, even if you rely on yourself, it is not difficult to ask the ancestor of the Sun family to suppress you.

But Xifengnian did not do that.

"I was waiting for you on purpose."

Wang Ying also had an insight into Xifeng Nian's intention. He couldn't help but sneered: "To be able to knock down the gate of the Immortal Palace is definitely not a good thing. He must think that he is very strong. He has no interest in the weak."

The words just fell.

The voice of Xianfengnian suddenly sounded. It was cold and ruthless: "I have been waiting for so long. Finally, someone interested me..."

Chi!

The black light leaped. A strong sense of oppression was conveyed on Xufengnian's body. He stepped out with an astonishing aura. In this black and supreme world, all the eyes of insight in the sky were monitoring Wang Ling from all directions. Every action.

"I hope you can last a little longer."

He moved directly sideways, almost sticking to Wang Ling. His silver-white eyes were filled with arrogance and indifference. He wrapped the shackles on his hands around Wang Ling's neck.

As a result, Wang Ling's body disintegrated like the wind directly in front of him.

Xufengnian's face became even more excited. After all, the man in front of him was still standing after being pulled into the "Dark Place" of the highest world. Normal cultivators would have long been unable to bear the mental pressure and fell to their knees.

Today's Xufengnian is very confident in his own strength. Even if the ancestor of the Sun family comes again, it will be impossible to defeat him.

You must also kneel down in his supreme world and bow your head to him.

Bang!

The next second. The fierce battle begins.

Wang Ling turned into a golden light. It collided with the black aurora that was the incarnation of the decadent harvest year. The collision between the two produced a bright flame. It was like the celestial body in the universe cracking apart.

Sun Ru and Immortal Toya were both dumbfounded. This was a battle at a level far beyond what they could understand. Every move seemed to reconstruct their world view.

Just a few seconds of back and forth collision. It was already more than ten times!

As the sage of Buddhism, Monk Jin Deng also has the highest world passed down. Even the monk himself received only ten palms from Wang Ling.

Although I didn't take it too seriously, but faced with the decadent years when I could easily take over my ten palms, Wang Ling really felt that this ancient genius was extraordinary.

"Tsk. You don't want to fight with the talisman." Wang Ying looked calm. He couldn't help but laugh.

Although it is just a tentative attack, the immortal Fengnian is indeed stronger than the opponents it has encountered before. Not to mention other attributes. At least the standard of double A in power and speed has definitely been reached.

"Wait a little longer."

Wang Ling replied in his heart.

The battle may seem intense, but in fact it has just begun for Wang Ling.

It's rare to encounter a relatively strong opponent. Just lift the talisman and fight. Maybe the battle will be over in a second.

Duixifengnian. Wang Ling also wants to dig out more secrets about him.

Since this person has stayed in the ancient tripod for so long without coming out. www.uukanshu.net, then he must know the situation of the Sun family's ancestral land very well.

In other words, whether the ancestor of the Sun family that he speculated was actually implanted by a soul. Maybe Xifengnian also knows some inside information.

The next second. Wang Ling's eyes became more serious.

He opened his eyes. The King's Eyes erupted with bright divine light and illuminated the entire sky. For just a moment, the eyes of insight in this supreme world were swept away by the King's Eyes. All of them closed their eyes...

A purple downpour fell instantly. It was the dense pupils of the entire supreme world. Blood seeped out from the corners of the eyes.

It was only then that Xianfeng Nian noticed something strange.

The power of just one eye actually caused all his eyes of insight in the supreme world to become useless.

Where does this person come from...

7017k





Chapter 2045 The list of decadent and prosperous years


With the power of a single glance, the supreme world of Xianfengnian was immediately plunged into a bloody storm.

All the eyes of insight in this supreme world have failed. They were destroyed by the power of King's Eyes. Even if the mortal years have the ability to restore them, it will take a short time to complete the eyes of insight in the entire supreme world. Repair is obviously impossible.

He has been sleeping for too long. He has been waiting for a genius who can compete with him.

Now Wang Ling appeared in front of him. Xuefengnian thought he would feel excited. But he didn't know why. Wang Ling's sudden show of power just now made his face almost ecstatic. He froze for that short moment.

"Who are you? Even in all eternity, there has never been a record of people like you." From eternity to ancient times, Xianfengnian knew all the young geniuses who were similar to his own deeds.

He even has a special directory in his hand that records everyone's information. It's called {The List of the Year of Decay}.

Since inheriting the Heavenly Dao tradition, he has omitted those top talents from the list.

He had also killed these young geniuses from the Sun family, and Sun Ru was also one of the people he put on the list.

But now Wang Ling was standing in front of him. He had no impression.

Today, he has spanned countless time from ancient times to the present. Even Xianfengnian himself can't remember how many years have passed. However, the alien cells that are constantly multiplying in his body tell Xianfengnian.

If he were born now, he would be an existence that spanned the past and present, and swept the entire universe of cultivation.

Back then, his list only included those geniuses with similar deeds.

It's a pity that none of those trash that people call geniuses can fight.

Now I want him to be listed again.

Monk Jin Deng, Peng Xiren, Li Xian and Zhang Zhui were all ignored by him.

So what if he is the Eternal Emperor?

Even if the four emperors come together, they may not be his match now.

Invincible is so lonely.

Therefore, he has been waiting for a good harvest. He wants to wait for someone who can wake him up from the ancient tripod.

To announce his comeback again.

It's just that he didn't expect that he had waited for so long. He didn't wait for those eternal beings who were once so high.

But what awaited was an extremely young boy.

Even though a cultivator cannot determine his or her age based on appearance. Some people have advanced moral practices but still look like teenagers. Some people are old but their moral conduct is still lacking.

Time leaves different traces on each cultivator. Therefore, the criterion for judging whether a cultivator is young or not is the "vigor" on his body.

This method of identification can be achieved with a little research after the Nascent Soul period.

The young cultivator is full of energy. His body is as radiant as a little sun.

It stands to reason that Wang Ling's strength is so astonishing. That Taoist practice must be very profound. Generally speaking, a powerful person like this cannot see the "little sun".

It is almost late. The loss of vitality is a natural phenomenon. It will not affect the growth of the realm.

For example, Xifengnian. He himself can no longer see the vitality at all.

Although he only looks like a young man, in fact, as a cultivator who has spanned from ancient times to the present, the dazzling brilliance of his youth has long since disappeared.

But at this moment, the vitality he felt from Wang Ling shocked Xifengnian.

There is a little sun here.

It's clearly a Scutum star...

Does such a person really exist?

Are you sure it is a life form born from normal carbon-based organisms?

The Year of Death is completely terrifying.

Because Wang Ling's strength is not only terrifying. The key is that he is also extremely young.

Judging from the current visual inspection, the boy in front of me seems to be only a teenager...

Of course. It was Wang Ling's intention to show off his vitality to Xian Fengnian. He wanted to test Xian Fengnian's reaction.

Gu Zi did not expect that this young man would not hide his expression at all.

He was stunned on the spot. The previous arrogance, contempt, and self-confidence seemed to be completely crushed by his vibrant young life at this moment.

Such a sense of gap. Wang Ling is actually understandable.

A man. And he was a young man who was considered a genius in ancient times.

After inheriting the cells of the Outer God, he thought that he would become invincible as long as time passed.

So he has been squatting in the ancient cauldron, waiting for fate to arrange for another genius to "activate" him. Then, after killing and destroying this genius, he announced his comeback to the world.

Now he is finally here...Wang Ling...

But Wang Ling is really too young. Far beyond what he thought.

He has endured from ancient times to the present. He has spanned countless lonely nights. As a result, a seventeen-year-old boy burst out with unimaginable strength.

And the key is. No matter how you look at it, I feel that Wang Ling is not playing seriously.

"Between you and me, someone must die today!"

Xuefengnian could not accept such an ending. He vowed to kill Wang Ling. Powerful psychic energy erupted from his body. The shackles that were still comfortable in his hands were shattered into powder by him in an instant. Each piece of order was mixed with the aura of chaos. The chain spans from the sky of this supreme world!

"It's interesting. I can control more than a hundred chains of chaos." Wang Ying said. He calmly observed the battle in Wang Ling's spiritual world.

Chaos Lock. This is a chain condensed from the energy of chaos. A Chaos Lock has the power of 10 cores.

The combat power standard after reaching the Dao Ancestor realm is calculated based on nucleons. The power of one core can easily destroy a planet.

A chain of chaos is equivalent to ten nuclei. The power can be imagined.

And he can control more than a hundred at the same time. This is enough to prove that the strength of Xufengnian is far superior to that of Peng Xiren. Even the monk Jin Deng is not his opponent.

After Dao Ancestor. There are Human Ancestor, Earthly Ancestor, Heavenly Ancestor, Ancestor King, Ancestor Immortal...

The present decadent and abundant years have reached the state of Ancestor King.

If this mad dog is released, it will truly be a god blocking the killing god.

To be honest. Wang Ling is also a little scared in his heart. But the reason he is scared is not because of how strong the realm of decay and harvest is... but because Mr. Sun, the boss of Sun Yiyuan, has been the founder of the Sun family for so many years. It didn't attract the attention of Xifeng Nian.

From this point of view, the Sun family's blessings are indeed profound.

He really saved the universe in his previous life...

On the other hand, it also shows how important it is to use the password to open the door.

Wang Ling This violent break in the door attracted the attention of the ancient cauldron mad dog.

Hundreds of Chaos Chains were connected like dense spider webs. They came from all directions and attacked Wang Ling. They rained down together with blood all over the sky.

They are like giant steel dragons. They shake the sky of this supreme world. Everywhere is shaking.

Facing this scene. Wang Ling stood calmly on the spot.

The next second, a huge shadow swelled up from behind him.

The old man was shocked and turned pale.

It was a human-shaped Dharma statue, like a whirlpool of Hongmeng whose face could not be seen clearly!

There were dots of starlight on its body. It seemed to contain the colorful starlight of the entire universe. It was like glass. It appeared directly behind Wang Ling. It instantly doubled from the normal height of a human figure and expanded to a height of a hundred feet.

Boom!

I saw the spirit of the Dharma. Strike it out with one palm!

With a snap, all the chains of chaos that were attacking from the sky were shattered!

"Is this the dharma that carbon-based organisms can have?"

Xuefengnian was shocked. He couldn't figure out what the tall Dharma statue behind Wang Ling was. With one palm, all his chaotic chains were dissolved. It was so tyrannical that it sent chills down the spine!





Chapter 2046 The tree in the miracle


Latest website: This is a spirit of Dharma that has never been seen before in the decadent years. Tall, void, majestic, mysterious... all the words that can be used to describe miracles seem to be insufficient to describe the shock of facing this spirit of Dharma. .

He is like a deep galaxy hidden in the depths of the universe. His humanoid body, whose face cannot be seen clearly, is dotted with stars. It is vaguely visible that the stars are like diamonds adorning all directions of his body.

Originally a huge cosmic celestial body, this Dharma spirit is as small as dust and has become the most gorgeous embellishment.

This palm directly shattered the void of the supreme world. Dark cracks poured out from all directions. The chaotic energy swept across the entire supreme world overwhelmingly.

Wang Ling's movements were almost synchronized with the spirit of the Dharma. He manipulated the spirit of the Dharma and shattered the Chaos Chain with one palm. Divine light flashed between his five fingers. It was so dazzling that it was intimidating.

In the core world, Sun Ru and Immortal Toya were completely stunned. They looked at each other, unable to say a word as they looked at the scene in front of them.

They have seen the Dharma Appearance Spirit before, but this is the first time they have seen such an exaggerated Dharma Appearance Spirit.

What kind of existence is this?

Is he the God who controls everything in the universe?

It's so suffocating...

Even Wang Ying was shocked.

As the shadow of Wang Ling, he has almost all the abilities of Wang Ling. But there are only two things that cannot be copied from Wang Ling.

One is King's Eyes.

And the other one is the spirit of Dharma.

Of course. Now his state can share the spirit of Dharma with Wang Ling.

But if he waits until one day, he is really separated from Wang Ling's body and achieves complete freedom.

He cannot take away the spirit of Wang Ling's Dharma.

Such a Dharma image is so amazing that it makes people feel at a loss for words.

Xifengnian was also stunned.

But I can only say that the Ancestor King Realm deserves to be the Ancestor King Realm.

As one of the fairly strong guys that Wang Ling has encountered so far, he still shows a "fearless" attitude even in front of Wang Ling's Dharma Spirit.

It's not that I'm really not afraid of the bad years. It's just that the ignorant are fearless.

Because he has no idea what the existence of this Dharma-appearance spirit is, so he shows such an attitude.

The next moment.

Under the control of Wang Ling, the spirit of Dharma shrank from a giant state to a normal humanoid size. Then it turned into an aurora and suddenly jumped out.

Xufengnian reacted quickly. He immediately crossed his arms to defend himself.

The impact of Wang Ling's Dharma Spirit was too great. The desperate charge directly brought Xufengnian through the void wall behind him. The void wall of the entire supreme world was continuously penetrated.

Even the surrounding environment is constantly changing. Volcanoes, jungles, deserts, magma fields, the Milky Way... The spirit of the Dharma is decaying and passing through the dimensional space layers created by all natural environments.

After going around a long circle, we finally came back to Wang Ling.

The bandages all over his body were torn apart. He was naked. He knelt in front of Wang Ling in an awkward posture. His head was covered with blood, and his body was dripping with blood. This round of Dharma attack allowed him to travel through countless dimensional wall battlefields in a short period of time. Let Xifeng Nian still not come back to his senses.

Wang Ling found out that Xifengnian is really quite resistant to beatings.

The power of the Dharma Impact just now is equivalent to 20% of the Law Palm. That is, the palm force of 200 consecutive slaps when he was in the normal sealed state.

In the end, the body of the decayed Ancestor King was still able to resist.

Although he was in a miserable state, he did not die directly.

For Xu Fengnian, this was supposed to be his comeback battle announcing his rebirth.

But the embarrassment at this moment made him almost crazy. He could not accept the ending in front of him.

He had been silent in the ancient cauldron for so long, thinking that he had perfectly digested the cells of the Outer God. Having inherited the Heavenly Dao tradition, he should be invincible in the world.

As a result, at this moment, he dared to kneel in front of a boy who was only seventeen years old.

Seventeen years old...

So powerful...

Gu's growth is completely incomparable to his.

Xuefengnian could not accept such a result. Blood spurted out from the corners of his eyes, and he completely fell into madness. After he staggered to his feet, his face was completely distorted. The original arrogance was no longer visible.

"Are you the only one who has the spirit of Dharma? I also have it..."

As soon as he finished speaking, the supreme world in chaos, which was struck by the spirit of Wang Ling, was shaken again. A tree trunk with a radius of several hundred feet was pulled directly from the ground like the top pillar of this supreme world. And got up.

Countless branches spread out. They were extremely powerful and possessed an astonishing spiritual power. Wang Ling only glanced at the tree trunk. It was densely covered with scales of various spiritual beasts, holy beasts and even mythical beasts in the universe. . The main trunk is tightly wrapped in dense scales, making it airtight.

The tree on the other side...

Wang Ling was a little surprised. He recognized the origin of the spirit of the Dharma.

It's just that the tree on the other side is definitely not like this in its normal state.

The real tree of the other side is a cosmic sacred tree that symbolizes immortality. If you want to trace its age, it is even dozens of epochs older than the cosmic sacred tree that Wang Ling knows.

Nowadays, the tree on the other side is already a legendary existence. It only appears in ancient books. And the spirit of the Dharma that has decayed for many years is actually the tree on the other side. This is a point that makes Wang Ling slightly surprised.

Of course. The normal tree on the other side determined by Wang Ling is different from the one summoned by the decaying harvest in front of me.

Faintly. Wang Ling You can actually hear the secret cry of the tree on the other side, which is the spirit of the Dharma. Under normal conditions, it should not have such ten thousand scales on its body.

That was the result of being invaded by the bloodline of foreign gods and forced to strengthen.

Although it looks shocking enough, the actual combat power is stronger than before. But the tree itself is a painful experience.

But the mutated tree on the other side cannot decide its own destiny. It has completely surrendered to decay and abundance.

With the crazy seals of the decadent years, a huge willow branch is like a divine whip, whipping from the sky.

The other shore tree has branches of thousands of trees. It is not just willow branches. But the power of just one willow branch is also huge. It directly distorts the surrounding void.

Wang Ling clenched his fist. His Dharma Spirit also clenched his fist simultaneously. Without any fear, he walked directly towards the wicker and transformed into a human form. In a flash, he directly used his body to split the huge wicker. . Split in half.

However, the wicker that was split into two parts became stronger and more difficult to deal with than before.

The next moment, several more willow branches came across from the sky.

The regenerative ability and resilience of the other shore tree are already strong. Now it has been forcibly strengthened by the blood of the Outer God. Its ability to create regeneration has been taken to a higher level.

This supreme world is the soil from which he can continuously draw nutrients.

And through the cover of the tree on the other side, you can delay time to heal your injuries.

But Wang Ling won't let the bad years succeed like this.

Use his own way and give back to him...

This is something Wang Ling often does.

It's not just a tree.

Although the tree on the other side is the spirit of the Dharma in the miracle, so what.

Even if the Ushen Tree he knows is not as good as the Biangan Tree, Wang Ling also knows the trees in other miracles...

Do you want to compete with him in planting trees? www.uukanshu.net

At this time, Wang Ling stared expressionlessly at the huge sacred tree in front of him that once gave people a fear of giants. He sighed calmly in his heart.

The next second, golden light emerged from his hand, directly summoning Jingke and Bai Qiao together.

I saw that he merged Jingke and Bai Qiao and handed them directly into the hands of his Dharma Appearance Spirit.

The three were planted directly into the ground of this supreme world.

Isn't it the tree on the other side?

Ha. The tree in the miracle. He also knew one...

Now, he uses the spirit of Dharma as nourishment.

Use one miracle to cultivate another miracle!





Chapter 2047 Summoning Miracles


Latest website: Wang Ling Actually, I didn’t expect that the card in Xianfengnian’s hand actually contained a "Miracles of the Universe".

You must know that the miracle of the universe is a powerful force that transcends all ways. It is directly connected to the will of the universe. It is more powerful than the natural artifacts spawned from chaos.

Miracles of the universe have no specific image. They can be anything in the universe... they can be transformed into dharma, they can be transformed into specific rare beasts, they can also be magic weapons and spells. Wait a minute!

In short, everything that can be labeled as a "miracle" can be regarded as a huge trump card in the hand.

Logically speaking, this should not be something that can be touched in the Ancestor King realm. Only the Ancestor Immortal realm can have a certain probability of sensing the existence of the miracles of the universe and comprehending them.

Just like after reaching the ninth level of True Immortal, you have the ability to comprehend Heavenly Dao.

Before the ninth level of True Immortal. Wanting to touch Heavenly Dao. That would be a fantasy.

But now this tree on the other side, which can be called one of the miracles of the universe, has been directly summoned by Xuefengnian in the form of a Dharma form. From Wang Ling, it seems that Xuefengnian can have this card. It is still due to the fact that it was planted on his body. For the sake of Heavenly Dao tradition.

However, compared to miracles. Wang Ling will certainly not be at a disadvantage.

When you are fighting against Wang Ling, you will never guess how many undisclosed cards this handsome dead fish eye has.

Buzz!

When Wang Ling uses his own Dharma as nourishment and at the same time puts Jingke into Bai Qiao and pierces the ground, another huge tree trunk rises from the ground.

The radius is hundreds of feet high. It is no weaker than the tree on the other side in front of you. The pink peach petals scattered all over the sky dance with the wind. The spiritual light emerges from it. It is full of divinity.

The golden tree trunk burst out with bright and dazzling divine power, directly rendering the pink peach petals floating in the sky into pale gold.

The moment these peach petals with blazing golden light fell, clusters of golden flames began to burn, incinerating everything.

An ideal paradise...

Even Wang Ying was stunned.

His mind was like a clear mirror. He knew that this was a real illusion and named the trick.

An ideal peach blossom source. All the peach blossom petals fallen from the miraculous peach tree can be ignited using the "real illusion" method to burn all evil forces.

Among the miracles, the tree on the other side is not considered an evil force. But now the tree on the other side has been polluted. The blood of the alien gods attached to it is a symbol of evil.

So when the golden flames of the peach blossom petals fall on the animal scales on the trunk of the other side tree, you can hear the painful roar of the mutated other side tree.

However, this "ideal peach blossom land" is just the passive ability of this miraculous peach tree when it comes.

Chi!

The next moment, a large number of peach blossom petals fell down. Those peach blossom petals floating in the void reflected luster. A shocked white face was clearly printed on each petal.

In an instant, one after another, the peach blossom petals turned into endless sword light and rushed toward the tree on the other side in front.

It was just an instant. The scene of hundreds of thousands of sword energy firing in unison was jaw-dropping.

It can only be said that the miraculous peach tree gave birth to two of the strongest sword spirits in the sword king world at the same time. It is really too terrifying!

Turn every peach blossom petal into a shocking white sword energy. In one second, there are 108,000 sword energy slashing the void. Such a powerful vibration shakes the supreme world, which has already fallen into a mess. The supreme world is even more devastated.

Such fluctuations were too shocking. It was beyond everyone's imagination. Sun Ru and Immortal Toya's mouths could no longer close at all. The two of them were frightened. They only felt horrified.

"With the power of the outer gods...it is impossible to lose!" Xufengnian on the other side still showed an expression of disbelief. He couldn't believe that he had even used this miraculous trump card and would still be at a disadvantage.

And what makes him even more horrified is that he only has miraculous powers. The young man opposite actually also has miraculous power in his hands...

What is this peach tree?

He has never heard of it!

The most powerful tree miracle in the universe is undoubtedly the Tree of the Other Side! And this is the Tree of the Other Side that incorporates the power of the outer gods!

A tree-shaped miracle of the same type cannot be the rival of the tree on the other side!

But in front of me, the power of this miraculous peach tree was too terrifying. One hundred and eight thousand powerful sword energy swept across in one second, causing everything in front to collapse. Wherever the sword energy passed, space was everywhere. Traces of fragmentation.

However, this is only the most basic routine operation.

In the space crack split by the sword energy, traces of chaotic energy leaked out. At this moment, it was like the Milky Way pouring in. Endless cosmic mist poured in from the crack, casting a layer of mystery on this showdown between the miracle trees. veil.

The crying sound of the tree on the other side became louder and louder, but to the angry and humiliated Xifeng Nian, it was completely inaudible.

"Release the water! You must be your damn thing who is releasing the water! You are the number one sacred tree among the tree-shaped miracles! You also have the Heavenly Dao tradition! How could you lose! The Ten Thousand Scales Armor on your body. Is it fake? Really!" Xufengnian collapsed and cursed. He broke it directly from the trunk. He picked up the huge wicker that had been chopped off by the Miracle Peach Tree's sword energy. He pulled the wicker and hit the tree on the other side. He was so hysterical that there was no trace of it. The aloof aura of genius.

But the cry of the tree on the other side. Wang Ling could be heard clearly.

He looked at Xufeng Nian who was almost going crazy in front of him. He raised his hand and waved. The countless peach tree sword energy that followed was no longer aimed at the tree on the other side. Instead, it was directed at Xufeng Nian.

"Quick! Protect me!"

A trace of cold sweat ran down the cheeks of the old man. He pulled the vines hanging down from the branches of the tree on the other side. He wanted to repeat his old trick and hide in the huge trunk of the tree on the other side.

But this time, there was no reaction from Bian Shu.

"You damn thing..."

The year of decay is tense.

I never expected that at such a critical moment, the miraculous dharma image I summoned would actually betray me and be completely destroyed.

Not only that. The other shore tree also retracted all its branches, completely giving up its defense.

As a conquered miracle of the universe, it also has a contract in its hand that cannot betray its master. But Wang Ling can see that this tree on the other side is really living in pain.

It would rather take the risk of violating the contract than to betray Xifengnian. It makes those who see it feel particularly complicated.

Xufengnian's eyes turned red. The moment he was hit by the endless sword energy of the miraculous peach tree, he issued his most vicious curse: "I'm injured! You can't get better! You have to die too!"

This is how he issued his vicious curse.

But little did they know. Wang Ling would not let him succeed like this.

Although Wang Ling currently doesn’t know how Xifengnian could communicate with the miraculous will of the tree on the other side in advance even if he had the external Heavenly Dao system.

But the miracles of the universe. As a manifestation of the will of the universe. www.uukanshu.net Every miracle should be a protected treasure.

It should not be ravaged and abused like this.

So... just a second before Xiufengnian was about to be hit by the 18,000 shocking white sword energy from the miraculous peach tree.

Wang Ling opened the King's Eyes. At the same time, he unveiled half of the sealing talisman on his body.

He decided.

The contract of the miraculous tree in front of me was wiped out directly across the decadent years of its owner...

Of course.

Such extreme operations. Wang Ling also comes at a certain price.

After all, the contract to be erased this time is a miracle of the universe. It is a manifestation of the will of the universe.

The price Wang Ling has to pay is: the vision will be blurred for 24 hours... and within 24 hours, you will get a limited-time experience card for 600° myopia.





Chapter 2048 The Year of Decay and Fengfeng...defense broken!


It takes a genius to remember the address of this website in one second: []https://Fastest updates! No ads!

Directly severing the contract between the miracle of the universe and its original owner. This is definitely not something that can be done according to logical thinking.

But Wang Ling did it.

Uncovering the ordinary sealing talisman was actually risky. He did not dare to make any unnecessary moves. If the spiritual energy in his body leaked at this time, it would probably directly cause the collapse of this dilapidated supreme world.

And once this alien space is destroyed, the entire Sun family's ancestral land will be the last to suffer.

So Wang Ling was just cautious. He concentrated the power of unsealing the talisman directly on his own pair of King's Eyes.

The dazzling beam of light turned into immortal light and directly broke through the void. It seemed to be dividing the heaven and the earth. It shot out directly from the cracks in the supreme world. It directly mapped a string of ancient words among the endless stars.

Xuefengnian was shocked by this scene. His whole soul trembled.

This is... the miraculous contract he once signed!

It is a complete miraculous contract with the tree on the other side! It was actually directly manifested under the pupil power of Wang Ling. It was projected into the galaxy of the universe.

Golden light shone in all directions. It was like a divine sun that illuminated this supreme world. Wang Ling's eye reached into the depths of the universe. It spanned an unknown number of light years. It accurately found the miraculous contract. Then I saw Every ancient word on this miraculous contract began to burn.

During the burning process, the beam emitted from Wang LingKing's Eyes never stopped.

Although Wang Ling has used the power of King's Eyes in several previous battles, the casting time is definitely not as long as this time.

Use the divine flames of King's Eyes to burn the miraculous contract. This directly shatters the contract so that there is no longer any connection between the tree on the other side and the rotten harvest years. Such a thing is unbelievable just to hear it. However, it is actually happening at this moment. In front of everyone.

"You damn thing... you actually want to burn my miracle contract!" Xuefengnian already knew what Wang Ling was doing. Although he couldn't figure out how Wang Ling did it. . But when he noticed that the miracle contract was already burning. No matter how frightened he was about Wang Ling, he had to bite the bullet and go forward.

How important it is to master a miracle. Only those who have reached his level will understand. If even this trump card is taken away, Xufengnian is very clear. He will never have any hope of rising in the future.

"Kill!"

So even though he knew Wang Ling was terrifying at this moment, he still had to bite the bullet and go forward.

For the decadent years, this may also be an opportunity.

Because it can be seen that the young man is concentrating on using his pupil power to burn the contract. Judging from the time when the miraculous contract disappeared, I am afraid it will take thirty seconds to burn the contract cleanly.

These thirty seconds are an excellent opportunity for Xianfengnian!

"Bang!"

The next second, the spiritual power in his hand exploded, and countless light blades were sprayed out. As if they were about to split the world, they flew densely in the direction of Wang Ling.

Wang Ling knows. This is a complete failure in the year of decay.

These light blades carry all of his power. The power that leaves no room for anything. It is a single blow of Shanfeng Nian. It is so powerful that even the Dao Ancestor realm cannot survive. He is killed by a light blade. In the light blade Mixed with spiritual power and chaotic energy, it will instantly expand in the body and explode directly.

"How much longer?" Wang Ying asked.

"20 seconds." Wang Ling frowned slightly and replied, as concisely as ever.

Burning the Miracle Contract. This is the first time Wang Ling has done this. I have never had any experience before. So I lack some control over the speed.

Even Wang Ling himself didn’t expect that it would be so difficult to burn this thing.

Compared to beating Ancestor King in the realm of decay, burning the miracle contract seems to be a little more difficult...

After all, it is a product produced by the will of the universe. It is indeed extraordinary.

Wang Ling sighed inwardly.

20 seconds. What exactly can be done? Maybe everyone has their own answer in their hearts.

But the twenty seconds at this moment are extraordinary for Wang Ling and the decadent years.

This will directly determine the fate of part of the world Wang Ling lives in at this moment.

Wang Ying originally had no intention of taking action.

But at this moment Wang Ling is focused on burning the Miracle Contract.

He knew that during these twenty seconds, he had to come out to protect the law.

"I'm going to fuck."

Wang Ying said. His voice had that familiar evil quality.

At the moment when Xuefengnian's light blade was about to approach Wang Ling, Xuefengnian saw a void black shadow separate from the boy's body. He raised his hand directly in the air and split into an invulnerable black shadow. Shield. Absorbed all his light blades.

Then the black shadow gradually condensed into a solid body.

Xifengnian saw it. It was a boy who looked exactly like Wang Ling. The difference was... his hair color was white. And his whole temperament had a completely different feeling.

"The Ancestor King realm. Isn't it amazing?"

Wang Ying crossed her arms and looked down at the decaying years.

He was always ruthless in his attacks. He didn't have any calculation at all. He barely said a word of nonsense. He directly turned into a black shadow and volleyed towards him. His fist was aimed at Xufengnian's head.

Wang Ying's speed was so fast. The force of his punch was enough to make Xian Fengnian's eyes black. His heart stopped for half a second in a short time.

Although his reaction was already very fast, before Wang Ying could punch him, he concentrated all his spiritual power to add a defensive barrier to himself.

However, what Xu Fengnian never expected was that the power of Wang Ying's punch was far beyond what he imagined.

These defensive barriers are completely useless!

He actually... broke through the defense!

On the other side, Wang Ying has no intention of stopping the fight. Even if there is less than 15 seconds left, he is still launching a fierce offensive.

Attack is the best defense.

This is the defensive principle that Wang Ying has always advocated.

His eyes were cold. His figure was so fast that he looked like a ghost. He walked around behind Xufengnian and stepped on his back.

Xuefengnian immediately spurted out a large mouthful of blood. Before he could react, he only heard a crisp sound. His Ancestor King-level indestructible body, his arm was broken like chopsticks by this ruthless white-haired boy. .

Sun Ru and Immortal Toya were all stunned. Especially Sun Ru. She felt like she could hardly breathe.

Is this really the head of their Sun family?

Why is it so outrageous!

Everything is so shocking.

Wang Ying's attacks continued, leaving no room for thinking for Xuefengnian. A series of combos and critical strikes. The Ancestor King's limbs were broken one after another. Xuefengnian was beaten so hard that he had no chance to backhand. .

He saw it.

This White Hair boy is actually the shadow of Wang Ling.

Even the shadow is so strong...

This body of yours. Were you just playing with me just now?

The mentality of Xifengnian completely collapsed.

When Wang Ying finally pulled up Xufengnian's collar, he raised the corners of his lips and asked with a smile: "Run. Why don't you run?"

Chasing people is what he is best at.

These are all the results of practicing the "Planet thumping technique" in the infinite galaxy by capturing Sun Ying'er day and night.

At this moment, Xufeng Nian looked desperate.

He knew that Wang Ying was here to delay time. In order to wait for the miracle contract to be completely burned.

It’s just that I would never have imagined that the moment I saw the last words on my miraculous contract being burned away.

He felt relieved inside. He felt like he was breathing a long sigh of relief.

The burning is finally finished...

Otherwise, he will continue to be beaten...





Chapter 2049 Wang Ling’s Myopia Experience


Latest website: Wang Ying was never merciful in his attacks. Xuefengnian was beaten until his nose was bruised and his face was swollen. He had no chance to fight back. A series of combination punches with serious injury effects. His Ancestor King-level self-healing ability was useless at this moment. He was completely beaten. I lost my temper.

These are just physical internal and external injuries.

The pain of backlash in the soul caused by the miraculous contract being forcibly burned was the main reason why Xianfengnian truly felt the pain.

The entire supreme world collapsed directly. Wang Ling returned to the immortal palace in the ancestral land of the Sun family.

In front of the familiar ancient cauldron, Xufengnian lay there, covered in blood. The bandages on his body were torn to pieces. All the bones in his body were broken. It seemed that he only had his last breath left.

This ending made Xifengnian somewhat unacceptable, but he had to accept it.

Wang Ying's action made him fully understand the cruelty of the truth.

From the beginning of this battle, he had no chance of winning.

This seventeen-year-old boy was just playing with him.

Not serious at all. Show your true strength.

In other words, there was no intention to kill him from the beginning. Instead, he deliberately suppressed his blood pressure and beat him to such a dying state in order to get some information from his mouth.

Gritting teeth in good years.

The moment the miracle contract was burned, he knew his end.

There is absolutely no point in resisting.

This is an existence that can interfere with even the will of the universe...

Although Xifengnian doesn’t know exactly who Wang Ling is.

And why does he have such amazing strength... It can even be said that it far exceeds Dao Ancestor Wang's amazing strength!

Even Dao Ancestor Wang back then did not have the ability to directly interfere with the will of the universe!

"burst!"

Being a stubborn person, Xufengnian knew that he was invincible, so he immediately thought of blowing himself up. Even if it didn't kill Wang Ling, it could still destroy the ancestral land of the Sun family and drag others into the water.

He pondered in his heart. When the word "explosion" echoed in his mind, Xiufengnian could feel the remaining Ancestor King realm spiritual power in his body boiling instantly. In this short moment, his body became a high-concentration explosive container. .

However, Wang Ling has already seen this kind of operation.

He slowly walked to the side of Xie Fengnian's body that was rapidly expanding like a balloon. He only put his palm against his body and typed a static character directly.

Great Stillness.

The user of the technique will be emptied of all the restless spiritual energy in the body and fall directly into an empty mental state. It is described in the language of modern cultivation. Wang Ling often also refers to the "Great Stillness Technique" as the "Great Salted Fish Technique" .

To put it bluntly, this technique will make people completely give up the idea of resistance. They just want to lie down quietly and be an idle salted fish.

Originally Wang Ling didn't even think about how to use this move in conjunction with combat. Later, I discovered that the "Great Stillness" has a miraculous effect on people who want to drag people to hell through body explosions.

It seems to be specially designed to prevent such situations.

Of course, if a normal person uses the Heavenly Dao spell, it may not be effective against the dead and rich years. After all, this is the Ancestor King realm.

He has a certain immunity to many Heavenly Dao spells. Moreover, Xuefengnian himself is an ancient wizard. He also has many Heavenly Dao spells he has mastered.

However, in the face of absolute strength. Wang Ling uses Heavenly Dao to suppress it. It is still very convenient.

When Xiufengnian was forced to calm down, this feeling of emptiness made him almost desperate. This was the real feeling of not being able to survive or die.

Wang Ling didn't say any nonsense. He threw Xufengnian back into the ancient cauldron for suppression. Then he moved the entire ancient cauldron away. Only the King's Eyes was used to leave an identical " The real illusion "ancient tripod" can be touched. And it is no different from the original ancient tripod. No abnormalities can be found.

Of course. Wang Ling is not interested in the ancient tripod itself. It is just a temporary loan.

"Ling Zhenren doesn't intend to interrogate you?" In the core world, Immortal Toya finally came to his senses and couldn't help but ask.

"He was hit by the Master's great stillness spell. We have to wait until he is completely awake before we can interrogate him. Now his mind is messy. He just wants to be a salted fish." Wang Ying replied.

"That's it..." Immortal Toya felt sad after learning the situation. He turned to look at Sun Ru. But he saw that Sun Ru's face was still frozen in a state of surprise and had not recovered. The whole person seemed to be stuck.

Sigh. This is the aftereffect of watching a battle at close range that transcends the worldview...

Immortal Toya remembered the first time he saw Wang Ling show off his skills. His expression was so unseen.

Even though I was surprised when I just fought Immortal Toya, I already had some experience watching it, so I was able to recover quickly.

But for Sun Ru, who was observing a super-dimensional battle for the first time, it would probably take some time to fully digest what he just saw.

Solve the matter with Wan Cheng Fengnian. Wang Ling also felt "injured" for the first time.

Because the miraculous contract was forcibly burned. It cut off the connection between Xuefengnian and the tree on the other side. Helped the tree on the other side to escape from the suffering of such a betrayer of the cultivation world with an external tradition. Wang Ling also paid for this. Understand the cost of myopia within a 24-hour time limit.

As for the tree on the other side that was released to freedom.

Although the body has been polluted due to years of decay and abundance.

But as long as the will of the universe is still there, after the tree on the other side is successfully released, the external system of the Heavenly Dao that has been forcibly planted on the body can be erased through the self-purification ability of the will of the universe itself.

Although the Outer Gods were a powerful race that transcended eternity back then, it was still unrealistic for the orthodoxy of just one Outer God to interfere with the will of the universe.

"I'm really short-sighted..."

At this time. Wang Ling sat down and tried to use healing spells to repair his damaged vision.

However, the results were minimal.

The sequelae of confronting the will of the universe cannot be smoothed away with a simple Heavenly Dao spell. Fortunately, Wang Ling can feel that his eyesight is actually recovering on its own little by little.

Although Wang Ling I have never seen students wearing glasses in school. www.uukanshu.net Although modern cultivation technology has been very developed, there are mature methods to treat myopia.

But if the vision is damaged due to practicing specific exercises, then relying on modern cultivation technology will not help.

To be honest, it feels quite uncomfortable to be near-sighted.

Now Wang Ling finally knows how some people feel when faced with their own "big shielding technique".

Everything you look at is a hazy mosaic. It is indeed easy to make people irritated.

But this is a novel experience for Wang Ling.

Six hundred degrees of myopia. In fact, it’s not too deep.

Although it is blurry, the rough outline of things in the field of vision can still be seen clearly. It will not directly become blind.

And the key thing is that it also comes with a skin-dermabrasion effect...





Chapter 2050 Restoring the Sun Family’s Ancestral Land


Latest website: Powerful spiritual energy leaked from the depths of the Sun family's ancestral land. Due to the passive ability of the human-sword union. Plus the understanding of Wang Ling's spiritual power...Sun Rong is not difficult to detect. A fierce battle is taking place within the ancestral land.

She was still a little uneasy. After all, this was the ancestral land of the Sun family. If the ancestral land was cleared with one click, it would directly offend the entire Sun family ancestors.

The immortal people from Zhenyuan who came after hearing the news arrived at the scene at the same time as Zhuo Yi. Zhuo Yi used Wang Ling's "Shared King's Eyes" to perform a simplified version of the "Great Rewind Technique" ".

Due to the fact that Wang Ling's vision was temporarily damaged at this time, the large rewind technique could originally restore the 800k quality projection image. Now it is only 360p.

However, even in the face of such a blurry picture, Zhenyuan Immortal people still expressed confidence after careful observation: "Miss Rong, don't worry. I have a lot of experience in repairing the terrain. I can guarantee that it will be perfect." Restoration. No flaws exposed."

Zhuo Yi also comforted him: "Yes, Sun Rong, junior sister. I think there will be no problem. Just rest assured."

In fact, he really wanted to call Mrs. Sun Rong. But Sun Yiyuan is here now. If the old gentleman wakes up and hears him shouting, it will be very troublesome to explain.

Although joking with Sun Rong has become a habit of almost everyone in the core team of Office of Strategic Deception. But sometimes even joking has its own occasion.

Zhuo Yi can clearly feel that Sun Rong is extremely anxious now. So this is no time to joke.

Although he didn't know what his master had done in the Sun family's ancestral land, judging from the spiritual energy fluctuations, the movement there was probably not small at all.

"If the terrain inside is damaged, master will definitely tell me. But for now, there are no further repair instructions. So I think Sun Rong junior sister doesn't have to worry too much."

"I hope so..." Sun Rong couldn't laugh or cry: "Speaking of which, is Senior Zhenyuan really okay?"

"No problem. It's just a matter of repairing this big crack to restore it to what it was before."

Zhenyuan Immortal said, and began to further deploy the preparations for the repair operation.

He first condensed a spiritual power ball in his palm. Then he condensed it suddenly with a loud roar. The spiritual power ball immediately turned into the shape of an electric drill.

I saw Zhenyuan Immortal suddenly throw it into the air. This spiritual power drill formed by condensing his own spiritual power immediately took out a space hole at a specific location in the void.

This space hole was specially opened.

Zhenyuan Immortal's movements were very skillful. Then he took out a white lantern and lit the candle wick inside. The gauze paper of the white lantern was immediately filled up. Then it began to slowly float into the void. Follow the The space hole that was made floated out.

Just below the white lantern, there was connected a silver cord that was invisible to the naked eye. Zhenyuan Immortal was seen holding the silver cord and linking it directly to the tablet device he took out immediately.

"Senior Zhenyuan. This is..." Sun Rong looked a little confused.

"Oh. It's okay. After all, this is the ancestral land of the Sun family. And it is still in the belly of a whale. There is no Internet. So the series of actions just now are just to connect to the Internet smoothly." Zhenyuan Immortal said as he started to take out the electronic pen. Start drawing directly on the all-in-one tablet device in front of you.

Based on the 360p ultra-low-definition picture fed back by the "Great Rewind Technique" he just saw, and combined with his own brainstorming, he actually started to use direct hand-drawing to build a complete, unspoiled image in the device. The original appearance of Ice Purgatory.

Sun Rong and Zhuo Yi were completely shocked when they saw this.

It was the first time for them to watch the Zhenyuan Immortals constructing a map up close.

It turns out that the most primitive process still involves setting up and modeling by hand drawing?

Didn't you start it directly?

The two people were deeply shocked by the operation of Zhenyuan Immortal. They always thought that designing or repairing maps was just a simple spell game for Zhenyuan Immortal.

I didn't expect there to be such complicated and profound operations here.

Faced with the surprised reactions of Sun Rong and Zhuo Yi, the expression on Zhenyuan Immortal's face was also quite calm: "You two don't have to be too surprised. This is just an immature skill. Map modelers in the world of cultivation are too expensive. So I taught myself how to draw."

"And the maps below are all constructed on alien planets. They are relatively private things in nature. Therefore, it is very important to choose to draw the prototype by yourself. Of course, sometimes in order to meet the deadline, the map will be broken into pieces appropriately. The puzzle form is outsourced to other map builders. Because they are all fragments, the price is often very cheap."

"Is this the purpose of Senior Zhenyuan's networking? But this restored scene involves the ancestral land of the Sun family of Sun Rong's junior schoolmate. Even if it is cut into pieces, wouldn't it be leaked..."

"Zhuo Yi Fellow Daoist, you can rest assured. There won't be any problems." Zhenyuan Immortal said with a smile: "In fact, the map builders currently used to draw outsourced maps are all clones constructed by the clone technique. "

"Clone...Clone..."

Zhuo YiThe corners of his mouth twitched: "That's okay..."

"Clones are the cheapest labor force. They can help complete many things. If you really can't hold on anymore, just disintegrate. Anyway, as long as the main body uses enough spiritual power, you can summon a new clone at any time to continue working."

Zhenyuan Immortal sighed and said: "In order to build a second planet suitable for human cultivators to migrate to, I am trying to reconstruct Drought Star. It took ten thousand clones!"

"So, wouldn't it be easy to make animations? Ten thousand clones. The construction period will be greatly shortened!" Zhuo Yi asked.

"Of course. This is equivalent to 10,000 original painters working at the same time. And the level of the clones is the same as the main body. The quality is very stable. The experience accumulated by each clone in the painting process will also be gained when it disintegrates. Also That is to say, the level of painting will continue to improve."

"As expected of a senior! It's really easy to make animations according to the methods of seniors. www.uukanshu.net!"

How about waiting for Zhuo Yi and Sun Rong to finish being surprised. The ten thousand clones of Zhenyuan Immortal have already passed the prototype of the map drawn by Zhenyuan Immortal himself. The complete version of Ice Purgatory The hand-drawn manuscript is transferred to the device.

"Sun Rong girl, look at the ice purgatory in the ancestral land of the Sun family. Is it like this?" Then, he showed his results to Sun Rong.

"It seems..." Sun Rong nodded.

In fact, this three-dimensional hand-drawn map modeling draft is already very detailed. At first glance, it looks like ice purgatory.

But this was the first time that the Sun family's ancestral land Sun Rong had grown so big. She was not very familiar with the map inside. After all, she could not verify the details.

But Sun Rong also knows. Now there is no other way in this situation.

She immediately bowed and said to Zhenyuan Immortal: "Thank you for your hard work, Senior Zhenyuan. I owe everything to you, Senior. Please repair it according to the design of the current drawings!"





Chapter 2051 The future of Wang Ling


Latest website: It took Sun Ru longer than Immortal Toya to digest it and come back to her senses. She was still in a state of confusion.

Because everything she just saw was too shocking. It was far beyond what she could understand with her current level of cultivation.

The will of the universe, the miracle of the universe...

This is also the first vocabulary that Sun Ru knows. This may be something that she will never be able to touch even if she spends the rest of her life.

"What about the decadent years?" Sun Ru asked after regaining consciousness.

"He was re-sealed back to the ancient tripod by Ling Zhenren. And because he was forcibly severed from the contract with the other shore tree, one of the miracles of the universe, his whole soul was damaged. In addition, he suffered internal and external injuries on his body. There is no time of a hundred thousand years. It's impossible to return to the original state." Immortal Toya said.

This is just Immortal Toya's conservative estimate as an alchemist. The internal and external injuries on the body are not bad. The contract of the cosmic miracle derived from the will of the universe was forcibly severed. This damage to the soul is too great.

It can be seen that at this time, Xianfeng Nian's eyes were still red. He was twitching like a maggot in the ancient cauldron as if he was delirious.

How long it will take to return to normal consciousness in such a state is anyone's guess.

But now, the only person who can save him is Wang Ling.

Although Xuefengnian was a proud and complacent bastard, he was still useful to himself. This was the reason why Wang Ying did not kill him in the end.

But actually Wang Ling still regrets letting Wang Ying take action.

This guy never strikes lightly. Look at how he beat this kid. Even his mother can't recognize him...

He sighed silently. Wang Ling stood on his tiptoes slightly. His body floated directly into the air. He once again used the method of shrinking the ground to an inch, directly bypassing the coordinates of the ancient tripod of the Immortal Palace and reaching the back of the palace.

A huge mirror with seven colors of light came into Wang Ling's eyes. This mirror was very large. It directly covered the wall behind the entire immortal hall. It reminded Wang Ling of the time when he entered the mirror world. experience.

He tried to put his hand in. The huge mirror immediately emitted seven-color lotus flowers. A warm spiritual power enveloped his hand and accepted him directly.

Sun Ru said that only the head of the Sun family can successfully pass through this mirror and enter the fifth map of the Sun family's ancestral land, "Thousands of Thunder Ponds".

If it were not the head of the Sun family but an outsider who broke in, this mirror would directly lead people into the tomb of Zhenshan Knight.

That was the main gathering point for the Zhenshan Knights of the entire Sun family's ancestral land. Breaking into the Zhenshan Knights' tomb would inevitably lead to an earth-shattering battle.

"I wonder if the head of the family knows the origin of the Immortal Mirror?" At this time, Sun Ru's voice sounded again. According to the head of the "Sun Ling" family, because he had only succeeded as the head of the Sun family, he didn't know much about the situation of the Sun family's ancestral land. It was too familiar. Therefore, Sun Ru acted as an interpreter almost subconsciously.

"Is there any way to forget the immortal mirror?" Immortal Toya asked.

"As long as you stand in front of this mirror and throw away distracting thoughts, you can see your future through this mirror." Sun Ru replied.

"Really effective?"

"You are the descendant of Laojun. You must have heard of this legend, right? This mirror is polished with meteorites from outer space. And it is said that the stronger the realm, the longer the person can see in the future. The clearer the picture."

Sun Ru said: "I also saw it before I was buried. But it only lasted for three seconds. I saw a dark scene with no sunlight. There were sounds of fighting all around. But I seemed to be asleep."

"So what Senior Sun Ru saw was..."

"That's right. I saw myself buried underground."

"..."

I have to say. This aroused the curiosity of Wang Ling.

Is there really a magic weapon in this world that can see one's own future?

Wang Ling At that moment, he almost completely believed in Sun Ru’s evil deeds.

Anyone who knows him knows that he is a person. Although he is usually not willing to meddle in other people's business, sometimes he is just curious.

And Wang Ling also discovered it. The older you get...the more curious you become...

Wang Ling is quite interested in his future.

After all, he tried all his methods and could not see his own future.

Previously, he even used King's Eyes to see his future. It was a picture of nothingness and confusion. Empty. Nothing.

Later Wang Ling understood. This was not a problem of his lack of ability. It was an explanation based on reasonable logic.

After all, no matter how strong a person is, he cannot pull himself up by his own hair.

So when I heard that this "immortal mirror" can see a person's future, Wang Ling inevitably had some fluctuations in my heart.

He took his hand away from the mirror. He stood quietly in front of the immortal mirror and slowly closed his eyes.

When he opened his eyes again, he saw that the scene in the mirror in front of him suddenly changed.

Suddenly, a familiar sound of music sounded directly in my ears.

It seemed like a wedding march...

As the wedding march played, he saw a woman wearing a white wedding dress...

This scene should have been very clear.

But it's a pity. Wang Ling now has 600° myopia. I couldn't see clearly what this woman's face looked like.

Then there was nothing more. The scene Wang Ling saw came to an abrupt end. As the BGM suddenly stopped, he also came back to his senses from this short future scene.

"How is it? What did Ling Zhenren see?" Immortal Toya asked curiously.

Only the observer can see the picture of the future. Even if other people are watching at the same time, the scene they can see is only their own future.

To be honest, Wang Ling is also confused about his future.

He could only recall the blurry face of the woman in the wedding dress. And the wedding BGM that now sounded extremely abrupt...

What are these?

It's impossible for him to get married...

Could it be that he attended Ah Nuan girl’s wedding?

But how old is this girl now?

How many years into the future is this future?

In short. www.uukanshu.net All this seems quite inexplicable to Wang Ling.

However, at this moment, something unexpected happened to everyone here.

I saw this huge immortal mirror in front of me. Actually, after Wang Ling's inspection, a crack appeared directly in the center of the mirror.

However, this crack cracked quickly like an eggshell. It spread rapidly in all directions like spider legs.

Forget the immortal mirror...

It actually broke into pieces!

And it was completely broken!

The cracks on the entire mirror surface continued to accumulate. Finally, it turned into wisps of smoke and dissipated directly in front of the face!

It just gave him a glimpse of his future. The key is still the blurry picture. Will this lead to a direct collapse...





Chapter 2052 Sorry Sun Rong. I demolished your house


Latest URL: Forgetting the Immortal Mirror, you may not have thought of it. Just because you peeked into the future of Wang Ling, it caused its mirror to completely collapse.

After all, this is Mr. Wang Zukang that has been handed down from the ancient times. The ancestor of the Sun family was able to get such a large piece of glass that can see the future. It is made of mysterious extraterrestrial meteorites. Wang Ling Just by thinking about it You know how valuable this is.

So his first reaction was to repair it. Repairing a magical artifact was no more complicated than repairing the terrain. Repairing the terrain was much more difficult than repairing the magical artifact. After all, the magical artifact was just a small thing. The terrain was too vast.

So after demolishing the Ice Purgatory, Wang Ling did not directly repair it. Partly because he was in a hurry.

On the other hand, he felt that repairing the terrain was too complicated. He was worried that if he started repairing it, he would directly repair the Ice Purgatory into a super terrain that far exceeded the original level of Ice Purgatory.

As the real head of the Sun family, Mr. Boss Sun will definitely notice something strange once he wakes up.

So after comprehensive consideration, Wang Ling finally handed over this job to Zhenyuan, a terrain restoration expert.

However, when it comes to repairing the magic weapon, Wang Ling still has confidence.

Golden light condensed in his hand. With a fierce operation, he shot out the light beam in his palm.

In front, the place illuminated by the beam is reorganizing as if it were going back in time. Those split particles flowed back together and finally reassembled into the original form of the Immortal Mirror.

There are no cracks on the mirror surface. But Wang Ling can still notice that something is wrong.

Because this forgets the immortal mirror...

Compared to the original, it has no luster at all.

"Because the weapon spirit is directly annihilated. So even if the algorithm itself is repaired, it will be useless?" Wang Ying sighed and made his own judgment.

After Forgetting the Immortal Mirror peeked into the future of the Immortal King for just a few seconds, the spirit of the instrument directly paid the price with his own life and walked away peacefully...

Today's immortal mirror has a dull surface. Even if all the cracks are restored, it still has no original luster. It's like the author's hair that keeps falling from the head of the Mediterranean Sea and gathering at the mouth of the sewer.

In other words, even if the current Immortal Mirror looks normal, it actually no longer has the ability to peer into the future.

The weapon spirit inside has been wiped out...

Only the passage of life is something that Wang Ling cannot make up for. He had long ago mentioned that it involves the taboo of checks and balances in the universe.

If he forcibly reverses the situation and resurrects this weapon spirit, it means that there will be other innocent lives under the control of the will of the universe. Perhaps they will die due to disasters or accidents.

Of course. For forgetting the immortal mirror, forgetting the immortal mirror is also innocent.

Wang Ling has no choice but to find another way to compensate the Sun family.

After all, he destroyed a magic weapon.

Just think of other ways to compensate.

He sighed slightly in his heart. Wang Ling put his hand into the immortal mirror. However, something unexpected happened to Wang Ling. Originally, the seven-colored light of the immortal mirror should have brought him into the sun. Among the fifth map of the family [Thousands of Thunder Ponds].

However, when he stepped into the immortal mirror, the tomb passage in front of him was like an imperial mausoleum, which made him slightly distracted for a moment.

Forget about the immortal mirror spirit being gone. This directly led to problems with the map transmission connection!

In the end, he was sent directly to the Tomb of Zhenshan Knight!

It can be seen that the statue of the Zunshan Knight is wearing a battle armor and holding a unified sword. Rows of majestic and majestic statues stand in the tomb passage.

Because Wang Ling modified the ban on the Sun family's ancestral land. This unintentional intrusion did not disturb the thousands of knights who guarded the mountain. Now only Wang Ling remains of the majestic and majestic tombs of the knights. The sound of slightly empty footsteps.

Now Wang Ling finally knows what it means that curiosity killed the cat...

After arriving at the Zhenshan Knight's Tomb, it also means that Sun Ru cannot navigate behind it.

Although she had visited the Sun family's ancestral land with the then head of the Sun family in ancient times, she had to follow the order. Now she accidentally entered the Zhenshan Knight's Tomb. Sun Ru couldn't stop it.

"Senior Sun Ru, can you remember anything? For example, the tomb of Zhenshan Knight. Is there any exit?" Immortal Toya asked.

"I really don't know..." Sun Ru was helpless: "This is my first time here."

"Aren't there magical weapons like the Luoyang Shovel and the Dragon-Seeking Ruler..."

"Heirs of Lao Jun. Although this place is indeed called Zhenshan Knight's Tomb, in the final analysis it is our Sun family's own home. In our own home, who would prepare these things for fighting!"

"Senior Sun Ru. The lesson is..."

"But I think instead of asking me, you should be able to think of something. You are Laojun's descendant."

"I?"

"I heard that when the ancestors arranged the Sun family's ancestral land, senior Laojun helped a lot. Many of the Feng Shui variables and the Heavenly Dao algorithm in the ancestral land were designed by senior Laojun. As Laojun's successor, you. You should know something about it, right?"

"..." These words immediately stopped Immortal Toya.

Although he is indeed the descendant of Laojun, he has not told this matter outside these years. He is afraid that he, the younger generation, will lose the face of his master.

Although many people know Laojun because of his superb alchemy skills, the problem is that the master he knows is an all-rounder.

Formation, alchemy, feng shui, weapon refining, astrology, Wait a minute! As long as it is related to various cultivation skills. His master knows almost everything. He is a true all-rounder.

After all, Immortal Toya is also very ashamed. In his generation, apart from the skills passed down by his master in alchemy, he is still quite accomplished. Almost all the other skills have become legends recorded in ancient books.

In those years, Immortal Toya also tried to learn. But sometimes...talent is really a key factor. Without the blessing of talent, no matter how hard you study, you will only be mediocre in the end.

At best, he is better than an amateur.

So many years ago, Immortal Toya had already set its goal.

As a junior, he must at least ensure that Master Laojun's alchemy skills will never be lost...

In recent years, he has been addicted to alchemy and has indeed made many achievements that have attracted worldwide attention.

But when it comes to other aspects, Immortal Dong has to admit that he is far inferior to his master.

call out!

Continuing to use the method of shrinking the ground to an inch. Wang Ling ran wildly around the Zhenshan Knight Tomb. Since he could not find any way out, he could only further understand the terrain like this. www.uukanshu.net Then Construct the entire scene of Zhenshan Knight’s Tomb in your mind.

Finally. Wang Ling came to a wall that looked extremely thick with his trouser pockets inserted. He raised his arms.

"Master of the family...you should think twice!" Sun Ru seemed to have guessed what Wang Ling was going to do.

"Ling Zhenren. I also think you want to think about it again?" Immortal Toya couldn't help but sweat when he saw Wang Ling raise his hand.

The scene they were most worried about was going to happen after all...

We agreed not to cause any trouble to the Sun family!

In the end, it is inevitable that the house will be demolished!

"I will make up for it." Wang Ling also had a helpless look on his face. He really didn't want to do that unless he had to.

But now King's Eyes is temporarily unavailable. He has no other choice. It seems that only using this simple and clear method is the fastest way to explore the path.





Chapter 2053 The excavation expert reappears in the world


Wang Ling raised his hand and this palm strike was tantamount to directly bombarding the Sun family's ancestral land. The power of one palm strike was not just as simple as punching through a wall. It was feared that it would directly penetrate all the maps behind it.

Even more serious. This palm will directly make a hole in the belly of the whale, causing the ancient whale outside to directly "perforate the stomach."

Of course Wang Ling also knew the stakes. So he only used 1% of the Law Palm. It seemed to be safer.

Just when he was about to gather his spiritual power, a spiritual talisman from afar arrived instantly. The spiritual power signal directly traced to Wang Ling at a strange angle appeared directly in front of his eyes.

This is the spiritual talisman of Zhuo Yi. However, it is also mixed with the spiritual power of Monk Jin Deng. In other words, this communication talisman can be accurately sent here. There is also the help of Monk Jin Deng.

"Array instant birth talisman?"

Upon seeing this, Immortal Toya immediately made a judgment.

This is a talisman that can quickly summon formations. It has the same effect as the magic crystal stone that can quickly arrange large formations.

The current function of spiritual stones such as Dharma Crystal is to fuse a pre-arranged array into the crystal. If necessary, just smash the crystal. A well-structured array can be immediately arranged on the ground.

This is a technology that was previously known to Wang Ling in the Beast King Ruins that combines modern cultivation technology. The scientific difficulty lies in the "condensation technology of formations".

However, the cost of Dharma Crystal is very expensive. Therefore, it is mostly used for setting up large formations. If it is some small formations, using Dharma Crystal to arrange it feels like overkill.

At this time, Zhuo Yi must have had an ulterior motive in sending this formation instantaneous talisman. And when the talisman opened on the ground, the moment he saw the formation lines, Wang Ling knew it. This is a psychic formation.

Are you sending someone or a spiritual beast here?

Buzz!

Along with the golden light of the psychic circle with a radius of two meters, the golden light continued to emerge. In a misty gray mist that suddenly spewed out, a familiar little figure made everyone present except Sun Ru suddenly realize.

"Ground... marmot?" Sun Ru suddenly blinked her eyes. There was some disbelief in her eyes. She never expected that such an ordinary-looking creature would suddenly land here.

"It turns out to be you."

Wang Ling put down his hand. He almost forgot that this little thing existed.

Since the last incident of forced reincarnation, this prairie dog has been unable to accept the change of its gender and has been in autistic state.

Wang Ling I didn’t expect that

Indeed. In terms of excavation technology, as a mature groundhog, Mr. Gray Mist is very familiar with the road.

The most important thing is that this guy knows how to control his strength so as not to directly cause huge and irreversible damage to the Sun family's ancestral land.

At this time Wang Ling once again felt that his apprenticeship was not in vain.

In a sense, Zhuo Yi still cares about his master. And he thinks very carefully. He even knows to contact Monk Jin Deng to bring this stupid prairie dog here.

"Let me introduce to Senior Sun Ru. The full name of this groundhog is: Tu Li Buri. Dao name: Lord Gray Mist. It was once a sacred beast kept in captivity by Dao Ancestor Wang. It is now adopted by Senior Jin Deng." In the core world. Immortal Toya introduced the origin of the groundhog with a smile.

"Is it Dao Ancestor's mythical beast?" Sun Ru was stunned for a moment. Then it became even more horrifying.

No! That doesn’t seem to be the point!

She heard a familiar name...

Monk Jin Deng...

"Senior Jin Deng is actually still alive? How many reincarnations has this taken..." Sun Ru was surprised.

"What? Senior Sun Ru also knows about him?"

"Of course I know! This is a senior who can be reincarnated with his memories! While I was sleeping, he should have climbed to the top and become the sage of Buddhism, right?"

"Senior Sun Ru is absolutely right. I didn't expect you and senior Jin Deng to be familiar with each other."

"It's familiar. You can ask senior Jin Deng. He was reincarnated in one life and became my sister."

Wang Ling, Wang Ying: "..."

Immortal Toya: "..."

really.

You will never guess what a monk who forgot to drink Meng Po soup went through in his reincarnations... Originally Wang Ling thought that Jin Deng's reincarnation experience as a woman was quite extreme. . It turned out that his imagination was still too small.

Good guy. This is more than just being a woman...

It's all aspects. He has experienced girls of all kinds and styles.

No wonder he can transcend the world of mortals and become the sage of Buddhism. It turns out that there is a cause and effect relationship in all this.

"Aren't you autistic?"

Wang Ying's voice came. He crossed his arms and stared directly at the summoned groundhog and asked.

"Hey. It's all in the past. There's nothing to figure out."

Mr. Gray Mist said this, but in fact there was still a hint of sadness on his face: "The monk said that as long as I complete the task, he can help me get my original body back."

"It turned out to be a transaction." Wang Ying smiled.

"No way. Now I have figured it out. There is nothing wrong with working as a worker." Lord Gray Mist sighed.

It has learned enough lessons. As one of the few beings that has competed with the two brothers Wang Ying, Wang Ling and Wang Nuan, it can never forget its painful experience.

The next moment, its little head kept wandering around, as if it was looking for something in this ancestral land of the Sun family.

Soon, it understood the exact location of the knight's tomb in the mountain. It began to lead everyone directly: "Go here."

Wang Ling thinks this groundhog is a bit strange.

He doesn't know why. He always feels like this guy has returned to his home...

"Strange. Why do I feel like you are so familiar with this place? Huh?" Wang Ying asked.

This question directly caused the prairie dog to burst into cold sweat.

"I have robbed many tombs of the Ancients in the past...you know. There are many heavenly materials and earthly treasures inside. Otherwise, I would not be able to cultivate to a level higher than other divine beasts. Do you think so..."

The groundhog explained it this way. But obviously such a feeble explanation could not directly convince Wang Ling and Wang Ying.

Such weak rhetoric is fine to deceive laymen. But it is completely useless in front of Wang Ling.

Under the intense gaze, at that moment, the prairie dog seemed to remember the scene of being beaten one after another. His hair suddenly exploded all over his body. He was so excited that he finally had to tell the truth: "Hey, let me be honest. I I've been here before. My main job when I came here was to do transportation work."

"Be more specific." Wang Ying chuckled.

"It's just stealing...you know. We are the kind of creatures who just like to hoard some treasures for ourselves...then we can only dig everywhere..." the groundhog said helplessly.

"Haha. You actually have the attributes of a hamster?"

Wang Ying continued to ask: "But the ancestral land of the Sun family is hidden in the belly of a whale. How can you actually find it?"

"The original Sun family's ancestral land. I'm sure it's not inside the whale's belly. It was transplanted later." The prairie dog replied.

After all, it is almost a creature from the same period as Dao Ancestor Wang. What it says is still somewhat credible.

In order to confirm his statement, Mr. Gray Mist directly led Wang Ling everyone to a corner of the Zhenshan Knight's tomb. He pointed there with his nails and said, "Look, there are my paw prints here. I was like that before. Digging it in."

"The Mountain Knights didn't respond at all to your invasion?"

"Hey. There were so many mountain knights at that time. The defense was very loose. And I didn't have many things at my disposal. Basically, it was enough."

"..."





Chapter 2054 A bad fate that started from eternity


Latest website: Mr. Gray Mist said it righteously. This sense of deja vu, as if if I don’t take it with me and keep it, it will expire, it’s exactly the same as Zhang Zhui back then.

Although it is a mythical beast, it seems that the food-hoarding gene that is the instinct of rats has been preserved in this stupid prairie dog.

Wang Ling has no interest in this prairie dog. However, its arrival did give Wang Ling some new revelations.

For example, the original place where the Sun family's ancestral land was built was not in the belly of the whale. This is new information. And it is something that even the Boss Sun does not know.

In other words, the actual construction time of this ancestral land is indeed as Wang Ling initially inferred. It is very likely that it has been built in the eons of time. It is just that perhaps the complete ancestral land world as it is today has not been opened up at that time.

"I'm curious. You are also an eternal creature. So do you know him?" Wang Ying asked directly. He projected the aura image of the ancient tripod in the core world and asked.

"Who?"

The woodchuck stared at the projected image carefully. Not that carefully. But he still immediately recognized the young man in the ancient cauldron who was beaten until his nose was black and his face was swollen and even his own mother could not recognize him.

"Good guy. Isn't this the little brat from the Deci family..." it exclaimed immediately. And the words were shocking, which surprised everyone present.

Although this groundhog is very stupid, after all, it was also the divine beast under Dao Ancestor Wang. Throughout the entire history of the cultivation world, its seniority is indeed very high. It was even higher than many ancients. Even Zhang Zhui and Li Xian were present. . I'm afraid I have to call it "Senior".

Although this mortal man was famous in ancient times and was a well-known genius. Many people recognized him, but in the eyes of the groundhog, he was just a junior after all.

"It seems that you are familiar with him?" Wang Ying raised his eyebrows and asked.

"Haha. Isn't he just a brat who was showing off his power through foreign affairs?" Marmot said with disdain.

It can only be said that as the divine beast under Dao Ancestor Wang's sect, this groundhog is stupid. But it is not that stupid.

In Gray Mist Lord's memory, listening to Dao Ancestor Wang explain the Heavenly Dao spell is one of the happiest times in his life. Therefore, he has always been very repulsive to the heresy other than Heavenly Dao.

If it's the Tao ability that I have comprehended, that's it. But what is this external god?

It was a large race that symbolized endless darkness and evil at the beginning of the universe. It was more hateful than the monsters and demons! A righteous cultivator. Except for those who majored in Heavenly Dao, this evil Taoist power should not be allowed Mix it in.

So it was concerned about the inheritance of the Heavenly Dao tradition from the beginning, and was very shameless about it.

Now that I see Xufeng Nian being beaten up like this, I even feel a little relieved in my heart.

But it's been such a long time. By virtue of the Heavenly Dao system in his body, this kid's level should have soared to an incredible level... He could still be beaten so badly...

While feeling relieved, the groundhog was also carefully examining the injuries of Xifengnian. Then he finally couldn't help feeling frightened.

This little brat has been digesting the foreign tradition for so long. He can still be beaten like this...

This Wang Ling. is indeed not a normal cultivator!

Hey. Why didn't it figure out that it was autistic in the first place? It should hug its legs quickly!

At this time, perhaps he had come back to his senses. After catching the topic of the decadent harvest year, the groundhog revealed almost everything he knew: "I think it was the one who suppressed him in this ancient cauldron in the first place. It's up to me and Lord Dao Ancestor to bring up the matter."

"Didn't the founder of the Sun family suppress it?" Sun Ru asked.

"How could your ancestor have such ability back then? Of course, Mr. Dao Ancestor Wang was behind him to help. However, this ancient tripod does have an extraordinary origin. It is the sequence four-light chaos weapon left in the hands of the old man. The three-legged true dragon tripod."

The groundhog sighed: "Now it seems that this three-legged true dragon cauldron is no longer as glorious as it used to be. This guy's appearance is too exaggerated. It has destroyed the true dragon cauldron's divinity."

"Then where did his foreign wife Heavenly Dao come from? Did he find it himself?"

"I know this." The groundhog nodded. He knew everything and said: "In the eternal period, there were four great emperors under Dao Ancestor Wang. You must have heard about it, right? And there was one discovered in the Eastern Territory back then. The Palace of the Outer Gods."

"..."

Speaking of this. Wang Ling, Wang Ying suddenly understood.

A few days ago, their souls returned to the Eternal Period. They had indeed personally experienced the experience of the Eternal Period. They even had friendship with the Eastern Emperor at one time.

Therefore, Wang Ling also knew about the existence of the Palace of the Outer Gods in the Eastern Great Region. However, he did not expect that the Heavenly Dao tradition inherited by the Emperor of the East was actually the same as the Palace of the Outer Gods during the period of the Eastern Emperor.

At this moment, all the events and clues seemed to be connected instantly like beads on a string.

I dare to fall in love with this evil fate. It actually started from eternity...

"What else do you want to know? Just ask. As long as I know, I will tell you." said the groundhog. This is already a very clear gesture of goodwill. And it did not stop working while it spoke. . He was holding up his paw to measure the tunnel he had dug.

Given the narrowness of this passage, it would definitely be enough for it to get through on its own. But the person following it now is Wang Ling! Even if someone has a spell to shrink their body, it is impossible for someone to really let someone crawl through a mouse hole. Well.

That's why the groundhog measures it carefully. In fact, it is to make the hole it digs more beautiful. It can ensure that Wang Ling can walk through it comfortably with its back straight.

Originally, it was sent here just to make a deal with Monk Jin Deng. But now it has fully understood Monk Jin Deng's intention of sending itself here.

As long as it can have a good relationship with Wang Ling, it doesn't even need to wait for the monk to help it reshape its body. The foreign tradition that this little brat has digested for so long has been beaten into this virtue. Then Wang Ling Definitely more powerful!

So, after thinking about all this, the groundhog worked extra hard. While answering Wang Ying's various questions, he did the work at hand without any delay.

Soon, a very beautiful, neat and clean tunnel came into view.

"Senior Gray Mist Lord, as long as people can pass through... But you just dug a high-speed rail tunnel. Isn't that a bit exaggerated?" Immortal Toya held his forehead, dumbfounded.

Even if we use manpower to dig such a huge tunnel project, it may take a lot of time.

But when it comes to digging burrows, this prairie dog is really an expert.

"Hey. What a big deal. I can dig holes and fill them in. I can still fill them in when I come back later. www.uukanshu.net "

It smiled while working.

But in the next second, its claws suddenly retracted as if they were electrocuted.

Seeing that the tunnel leading to the fifth map was about to be dug, but at this moment, something so hard that even its claws could not dig through suddenly blocked it.

This is...

The prairie dog thought he had dug up some eternal meteorite. But after examining it carefully, he was surprised to find that the mass was not only hard, but also furry.

Its expression immediately changed. It immediately turned from calm to a little uneasy: "Impossible...how could it be in this Sun family's ancestral land..."

The groundhog was convinced that his perception was correct. Especially when the thing he touched made a low groan, he became even more convinced of his judgment.

This is the second divine beast under Dao Ancestor Wang... an ancient white bear bathed in thunder!





Chapter 2055 Strange mounts are added again


Latest website: Even Mr. Gray Mist himself would not have thought that the claw he was about to dig into the fifth map would actually directly poke the bear's butt. And it was a bear's butt that it was very familiar with.

As one of Dao Ancestor Wang's mythical beasts, he still has a certain understanding of his fellow marmot. This big guy bathed in thunder is also a mythical beast. Although his words and deeds are not as profound as it, his level is not as high as it. Down.

Dao Ancestor Wang also gave it a name: Thunder Eater! Another name...Thunder Roar!

After being conceived from chaos, it was once released on the planet Tribulation Transcendence by Dao Ancestor Wang.

That is a planet that is surrounded by thick thunder all year round.

As long as you live on this planet for one day, you will be bathed in a steady stream of lightning disasters every day.

And the most terrifying thing is that the intelligence level of the planet spirit of this Tribulation Transcendence star is not low. It will adjust the intensity of its own lightning strikes according to the strength of the living beings.

That is not a place where normal creatures can stay. Relying on the damage reduction effect of Chaos Gray Mist, Mr. Gray Mist personally stepped into the Tribulation Transcendence planet to find this white bear several times. As a result, he was hacked every time. Charred on the outside and tender on the inside.

Of course. Now it is naturally fearless. It was a long, long time ago that it was burnt black by electricity. It is only because of the shadow in childhood that it still feels a little afraid of the Tribulation Transcendence star.

"Lao Lei. I didn't expect you to be here..."

At this moment, they met again. This stupid prairie dog was obviously stunned. After hesitating for a moment, its subconscious reaction was not to choose force. Instead, it planned to get close first.

Although it feels that this stupid bear doesn't like it, in the final analysis it can be regarded as a "teacher from the same school", so it won't attack as soon as it comes up.

What the groundhog never expected was that as soon as it finished speaking, the white bear condensed its huge body into a three-meter-long body. The white hairs all over its body floated. The constantly beating thunder light directly announced. This thunder-devouring beast has entered combat mode.

"Get out! Get out!" It roared. It only said this. The blue pupils flashed with thunder, showing the mark of thunder.

"You don't recognize me anymore? I'm Gray Mist!"

"Ha. The Hui Wu I know is stupid, but he is definitely not a female."

"You think I want to do this...Didn't this happen because of an accident..."

"Then I don't care. Get out! Get out of here!" It looked very manic. And it didn't listen to advice. It was lying at the end of the tunnel. It looked like no one could pass through here.

Why...

The groundhog sighed in his heart. Although he felt that he and this stupid bear were not compatible from the beginning, he never expected that this stupid bear could be so stupid.

Who do you think I am taking off my mask for?

Just for the sake of being a "teacher from the same family", I want to save you some physical pain. I didn't expect that you don't know what is good and what is good. You are going to take action when you come up.

Do it, right?

I'm not afraid of you!

Seeing the groundhog straighten its back and assume a posture that showed no fear at all. The thunder-devouring beast thought that this stupid groundhog that it had not seen for almost ten thousand years was going to fight with it.

Unexpectedly, the other party actually stepped aside and made a respectful gesture to the handsome and handsome man behind him.

Thunder Eater: "?"

Like everyone else. Without knowing the true strength of Wang Ling, most people will show great disdain and contempt for this young boy who can be called a newborn calf when they first see Wang Ling. Attitude.

Judging age by "vigor". This is just a seventeen-year-old boy. What can he do?

The Thunder Eater immediately snorted: "You stupid woodchuck. You are still so stupid after so many years... You want to hide behind a kid."

"You guy... you must have known it was me a long time ago! You actually made trouble with my gender. You are deliberately stirring up trouble! You just want to quarrel with me!" The corner of the groundhog's mouth twitched. However, he endured it. After a while, he did not attack directly. Instead, he planned to leave the entire battle to the young man behind him.

Regarding mythical beasts, what would be the attitude of ordinary monks when they see them? They will definitely think that this is a rare thing in the world. They would like to catch one and take it home to raise it.

But Wang Ling didn't take these so-called mythical beasts seriously at all.

After all, with his own strength, it is not difficult to create a divine beast with his bare hands.

Er Ha, Xiao Yin. He transformed a demonic beast into a spiritual beast and then upgraded to a divine beast. Now he has become a divine beast.

The other started directly from the sacred beast. Now it has been successfully upgraded to a sacred beast.

It can be said that these are the representatives of the two sacred beasts under Wang Ling. However, their strength is terrifying. In terms of current combat power, it is comparable to the strength of this marmot that has lived for eternity.

How long has it been?

The key is that both Er Ha and Xiao Yin still have room to grow. They have huge talents.

So this thunder-eating beast. Wang Ling didn't take it seriously at all.

Faced with its disdain and obstruction, Wang Ling's attitude is also very clear. That is... suppression!

As a good young man educated in modern cultivation, killing animals indiscriminately is not the style advocated by Wang Ling. Animals and the like... still need to be protected.

Although it looks down on mythical beasts, there are also members of the Divine Beast Protection Association among the Eternal Ones.

There are so many pairs of eyes looking at me in this Supreme Corpse Map. Wang Ling doesn’t want to be blamed.

Therefore, without saying a word, he directly raised his palm and then pressed it down violently, adopting the simplest and most brutal method of suppression.

When the palm of the hand fell slightly downward, the huge spiritual pressure caused the void around the Thunder Eater to distort. The fingers were as white as jade and the phalanges were clearly defined. It was hard to believe that such a pair of young palms that looked so immature could actually bring about Such unparalleled oppression.

Boom!

The suppressive power of this strike was astonishing. It could be called a sky-shattering one. The Thunder Eater, which had already entered combat mode, had no room for resistance. In the tunnel space that had been opened, its huge body was directly embedded deeply into the earth.

It can be seen that Wang Ling's expression is very relaxed. After all, he has just fought against the Ancestor King's Nian Feng Nian. No matter how strong the Thunder Eater is, it cannot be stronger than Nian Feng Nian.

"What a strong fluctuation...it must be classmate Wang Ling..."

On the second map, Ice Purgatory. Sun Rong could not help but show worry again on his face.

Even across several maps, she could detect the vibration coming from the depths of her ancestral land. Although she was not entirely sure of the source of the spiritual power of the vibration, she could almost sense it with her sixth sense. The vibration was due to Wang Ling.

My home is really going to be lost...

Sun Rong couldn't laugh or cry. www.uukanshu.net I couldn't help but mutter in my heart. I felt helpless inside.

Meanwhile on the other side.

Seeing that the Thunder Devouring Beast had been completely pressed into him and unable to move, Wang Ling put his trouser pockets in and strolled away leisurely.

I heard that this thunder-devouring beast, which was still arrogant at first, immediately gave up.

Although it doesn't know why Wang Ling is so powerful. He is still only seventeen years old... and it doesn't even know where Wang Ling came from as an immortal god.

But in the process of being suppressed just now, the fear coming from the soul is indeed real.

"Boss!"

It immediately begged for mercy.

Then, he raised his bear head and stared at Wang Ling. He asked without restraint: "Boss... do you still need a mount?"





Chapter 2056 Dao Ancestor Wang’s layout purpose


If you can't beat him, then join. This is the unchangeable law of all things. However, as the Thunder Eater from the same sect as Master Gray Mist, it is one of the most top-notch divine beasts under Dao Ancestor Wang. The Thunder Eater gives in so quickly. It's still beyond what Wang Ling thought.

After all, at the beginning, this stupid groundhog struggled for a long time in a self-righteous way. It was only recently that he finally figured it out and lifted his autistic petrified state...

The cowardly attitude of the Thunder-devouring Beast at this moment formed a sharp contrast between the two.

That's fine too.

It seems to Wang Ling that at least an unnecessary war can be avoided. But for him, avoiding war as much as possible is the best way to protect the Sun family's ancestral land.

This time I came back to someone else's house. And strictly speaking, the nature of the Sun family's ancestral land is actually the tomb of the ancestor of mankind. Good guy, he came to the door and dug up the other person's ancestral tomb. No matter how you put it, this doesn't seem to be good...

The ancestral land of the Sun family has been really demolished. Wang Ling even doesn’t know how to compensate. Obviously, I’m afraid I can’t express my apology with just repairs and magic weapons...

At this time, Wang Ling removed his spiritual pressure. He no longer deliberately oppressed the Thunder-Eating Beast, and used a look to signal Lord Gray Mist to ask.

It's not too stupid. You get it right away.

I saw Mr. Gray Mist holding his little paws with a look of disdain. It shook its legs and looked at the Thunder Eater in front of it. It said at the same time: "Old Lei, do you think anyone can be a mount for Ling Zhenren? Get in line. Okay. Speaking of which, why are you here in the Sun family’s ancestral land? Aren’t you locked on the Tribulation Transcendence planet?"

The Thunder Eater held its head. The expression on its face was also slightly helpless: "I had been practicing hard on the Tribulation Transcendence star. The last impression in my mind was when Master Dao Ancestor found me. He forced me to enter hibernation. Then wait. When awakened. That's now."

"In other words, you didn't even know when you entered the Sun family's ancestral land? You stayed in hibernation until I just poked you in the butt?"

The Thunder Eater nodded. Its round bear head looked innocent. Wang Ling could feel that its breath was stable and its spiritual power was stable. What it said still had a certain degree of credibility. It proved that it was not lying.

However, Wang Ling is still a little confused. What is the purpose of Dao Ancestor Wang sending the Thunder-eating Beast to the Sun family's ancestral land?

Moreover, the Thunder Eater hibernated between the Zhenshan Knight Tomb and the fifth map. It was equivalent to being buried in the soil. It directly continued a hibernation that lasted for eternity. Strictly speaking, it is very similar to Sun Ru's situation. . But the time span is longer than that of Sun Ru.

Faced with the situation in front of it, the Thunder Eater was also confused. It looked at Wang Ling. The tangled face was obviously at a loss.

After a while, its round eyes stared at the prairie dog in front of it. Its expression twitched slightly: "Your contract with Dao Ancestor has been..."

"Ahem. I didn't take the initiative to break the contract. Because I died once, the contract was automatically terminated. So now I have a new owner." As he said that, Mr. Gray Mist narrowed his eyes and asked him back: "That's right. You. It seems you are no longer bound by the contract."

"It seems that Dao Ancestor solved it for me. I remember he said to me before I fell asleep. If I meet the first person who can suppress my strength after I wake up, I can consider him as my new master."

"..."

To be honest, Wang Ling is completely gone now.

He found that Dao Ancestor Wang's operations were becoming more and more confusing.

What's all this...

The Reality Supreme wrapped Corpse Map. It made him know many things about the Eternal One. Later, it made him pay attention to the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube... Now he even arranged a mount for himself...

Good guy. Did you come here specifically to give yourself equipment?

This is completely unnecessary.

Not to mention that he would not be able to use the equipment and mounts given by Dao Ancestor Wang if he really had to use them. Even if he had to use them, it would be an extraordinary thing if he randomly sacrificed a magic weapon in his King's Pants.

The serial level reaches level five. A creation-level chaos device.

Wang Ling has it! Although the quantity is not much.

But one is better than the other.

It's just that this thing is very destructive and too troublesome to operate. Wang Ling doesn't bother to use it. Anyway, it is extremely destructive. It would be more straightforward for him to do it himself.

Of course. Wang Ling has its own considerations every time it takes action. Because no matter how you do it, you will later animate various famous scenes. The funding will be a problem...

If you use magic, it will inevitably cause huge terrain damage. It is actually very difficult to paint the terrain damage. If the painting is rough, the audience will definitely be dissatisfied. But if the painting is surprising, the funds will explode instantly.

Of course. Considering the painting effect, it is also possible to do it yourself. However, it is actually a big problem to do it. For example, continuous fighting in two-dimensional animation generally requires a martial arts instructor, because the director himself does not understand martial arts. . Only by understanding the principles of martial arts can we complete storyboarding and guide subsequent painting.

Even if it's finished in the end, the cost of making this series of fights coherent is immeasurable.

Of course. Wang Ling does not have to consider saving costs for animation. Because the biggest problem is that the total amount of funds is indeed not as much as everyone imagined...

There is no other way. For the current plan, we have to take it one step at a time. If it really doesn't work, Wang Ling plans to notify the original work and the producer to have a fight. This will at least double the funding!

Back to business.

When Wang Ling realized that Dao Ancestor Wang's various actions might be to intentionally deliver equipment to himself, he seemed to have figured out a lot of things in an instant...

He did not speak. Instead, he continued to use his eyes to signal the gray fog to continue digging the tunnel.

When the thousands of thunder pools connected to the fifth map of the Sun family's ancestral land were opened, Wang Ling seemed to suddenly understand Dao Ancestor Wang's purpose of placing the Thunder Devouring Beast here.

He looked at the Thunder Eater and motioned for it to go out.

The moment the snow-white and bulky body just stepped out of the tunnel, the thunder that was constantly surging and flashing in the void of thousands of thunder pools on the fifth map in front made an astonishing thunderclap sound. Countless rolling thunder instantly pressed down from the sky. Cover down. Their goals are clear. They are like chains of divine punishment heading straight towards the Thunder Beast.

Such a scene did not make the Thunder Eater react much. After all, compared to the thunder on the Tribulation Transcendence planet, all these in the thousands of thunder pools are completely insignificant compared to the comparison on the Tribulation Transcendence planet.

Boom!

When the thunder calamity accurately struck the Thunder Devouring Beast, the clumsy white body remained completely motionless. Not only was it not injured by the thunder calamity, but because of the thunder bath, even the hair on its body instantly became shiny and sparkling.

Thunder is deadly to others. Hitting it is like receiving a precise supply of nutrient solution.

"That's true." At this time, Wang Ling muttered.

"What is Ling Zhenren talking about?"

"It's Dao Ancestor Wang." Wang Ying knew what Wang Ling was thinking. He chuckled: "Now it seems that this Dao Ancestor Wang is a bit underestimating the Lord. Not to mention the constant delivery of these useless equipment and mounts. It seems. He also laid out the road ahead clearly."

"Master of Shadows means..."

"That's right. That's the literal meaning."

Wang Ying replied: "He arranged the Thunder-Eating Beast on the interlayer between the fifth map and the Zhenshan Knight's Tomb. He calculated our path through this place accurately so that the Thunder-Eating Beast could serve as a lightning rod for us."

"There is such a thing..." Immortal Toya heard this. His face was full of astonishment.





Chapter 2057 Intimate Dao Ancestor


Latest website: This Dao Ancestor Wang is too considerate. He has almost thought out everything for him, down to the smallest detail. So if it is really as he guessed, Dao Ancestor Wang should be on their side. Talent vs....

Wang Ling held his chin and thought slightly. Previously, he speculated that Dao Ancestor Wang might use the method of soul planting to resurrect his body. He used the bones of the ancestor of the Sun family who were also Eternals.

So based on the new speculation, the situation needs to be classified and discussed again.

The first conclusion. If Dao Ancestor Wang has been planted on the ancestor of the Sun family, then it stands to reason that as a person on the same front, why has he been reluctant to show up? He has already broken into the fifth map of the ancestral land. . And there was a lot of commotion in the middle. With Dao Ancestor Wang's ability, he must have been able to detect the psychic fluctuations during his battle with Xifeng Nian.

The duel above the Ancestor King realm also involved the Supreme World. Such a powerful confrontation. Dao Ancestor Wang, as the founder of Heavenly Dao, could not have been unaware of it.

Or is there some other special reason behind this refusal to show up?

If the above inferences are wrong, then it proves that Wang Ling's original idea was wrong. That is, Dao Ancestor Wang was not planted in the ancestor of the Sun family. And now the corpse of the ancestor of the Sun family must be occupied by another person. . And this person also has a great connection with Dao Ancestor Wang.

It would be easier if the good guys were on the same front. But if the bad guys...

Wang Ling feels that this battle is inevitable.

He is not afraid of fighting.

Just having to face off against the founder of the Sun family. Wang Ling can't help but feel a little strange.

This is obviously someone else's home. Someone kindly brought you here to visit. It would be better for you... to directly hack into their system and forcibly enter your fingerprints to take charge of the house. Not only that, but you also want to beat up the owner of the house. A meal...

Just thinking about it is too much!

"roar!"

At this time, the thunder-devouring beast's roar broke Wang Ling's thoughts. This huge stupid bear felt the comfort of thunder bathing for the first time after a long period of "hibernation".

Although the thunder from the Ten Thousand Thunder Pools is far less powerful than the one on the Tribulation Transcendence Star, it still makes it feel happy.

Its body began to surge with the power of thunder. It opened its mouth and pointed it at the sky. It began to swallow the entire fifth map of thunder and lightning.

It took less than a minute. The fifth map, which was covered with thunder and dark clouds, had a clear sky. Not even a trace of power could be squeezed out.

"Senior, I have taken care of everything. Please feel free to go on your way." Then it turned around and took the initiative to show its goodwill to Wang Ling. It was said that the snow-white body that swelled to the size of a mountain was lying in front of it. In a daze, Wang LingI suddenly thought of Xiao Yin.

"Senior Ling, please come up. Even if you don't want to accept me as your mount, let me take you for a while. My fur is very soft. Senior Ling just needs to relax." The Thunder Eater begged.

"Old Lei, listen to my advice. Not every mythical beast is qualified to be a mount." Although the prairie dog is usually very stupid, and the relationship with the Thunder Eater is not particularly good, but at this time it is still He persuaded with earnest words.

What kind of strength Wang Ling is. If you don't leave any spare energy, you can completely relax. The weight brought about by this strong body density is definitely not something that ordinary people can bear.

But it is obvious that the Thunder Eater is still young. It is full of confidence: "You don't need to meddle in other people's business. I'll do it!"

The reason for this confidence is that the Thunder Eater did not have a clear understanding of Wang Ling at this time.

After all, it was ridden by Dao Ancestor Wang back then. So the current understanding of Wang Ling. The Thunder Eater is that although this boy is very strong, he should not be able to compare with Dao Ancestor Wang. That is the first person in Heavenly Dao Na.

Wang Ling was actually a little excited when he heard that he had to completely relax and sit on it. Because so far, there is no mount that allows him to completely relax and sit on it.

Even when riding Xiao Yin, I usually have to hold back my strength as much as possible. It took me a lot of light body skills to dare to go up. Although Wang Ling feels that Xiao Yin is now fully capable of bearing his own weight.

But after all, they are their own children. Wang Ling still cherishes these precious children under his seat.

So when faced with the Thunder-Eating Beast's request, Wang Ling's first reaction was hesitation. However, after hesitating slightly for a moment, he still couldn't stand the sincere and confident look in his eyes.

So. The next second Wang Ling flew into the void. He unceremoniously gave up all his strength, released all his weight, and sat directly on the thunder-devouring beast.

As the Thunder Eater said, the fur on its body is very soft, and the hair is not prickly at all. It feels like sitting on a luxurious high-end leather sofa.

The body is as big as a mountain. When I lie on it, I feel an indescribable sense of peace of mind. The soft hair is like clouds wrapping Wang Ling in it.

Unfortunately, this comfort did not last long.

The Thunder Eater hadn't even taken a few steps when its huge body suddenly stopped.

Then. Poof.

A mouthful of old blood spurted out directly from the mouth of the Thunder Devouring Beast. It was a bloody fountain. A huge amount of the blood of the divine beast directly irrigated the fifth ancestral land of the Sun family.

In an instant, this barren land that had been struck by thunder without any spiritual plants growing was suddenly ablaze with purple and red. Endless flowers and plants bloomed along with the blood of the mythical beasts that had been absorbed by the land.

"Why..."

Seeing this, Wang Ling sighed. He jumped off the bear's back and added a great light body technique to himself.

He knew this would happen.

I just didn't expect that this thunder-eating beast was too incompetent. They said it was okay to take two steps. But it turned out that it spurted blood immediately after taking two steps, but it was okay.

However, Wang Ling's sitting did indeed directly eliminate the internal injuries of the Thunder Eater. The moment Wang Ling landed, the Thunder Eater also fell down in response, smashing the ground.

The huge body was like a deflated balloon that had returned to its normal size of three meters before. He lay in a pool of blood, breathing heavily. At the same time, he covered his face with bear claws.

This is so embarrassing...

He fell down before taking two steps. www.uukanshu.net

And it was still in front of that stupid groundhog with whom he didn't have a good relationship.

This feeling of death on the spot left the Thunder Eater at a loss.

Wang Ling patted the thunder beast on the head. In fact, it was not that he could not understand this eager attitude of being attentive.

Mainly because everyone recalled the unruly and confident expression of this guy a few seconds ago. They couldn't help but want to laugh.

The groundhog laughed wildly: "I'm sorry. We have received professional training. No matter how funny it is, we won't laugh. Unless we can't help it... hahaha..."

But soon, its smile stopped abruptly, because right under the fifth map, something seemed to be waking up.

It is the blood of the mythical beast that spews out from the Thunder Eater. It alarms the mysterious creatures hidden in the fifth map...





Chapter 2058 The Miracle of Dao Ancestor


Latest website: The mysterious wave from the ground comes very suddenly. This is a spiritual wave that moves from far to near. It is difficult for people with too low a level to detect it, because they will be swept away by this spiritual wave before they notice it and then pass out. .

This proves that the source of this mysterious spiritual power wave that is covered in dust is hidden deep in the ground. This also proves that it is dangerous.

Wang Ling didn't dare to be careless at all. After all, he had only fought against Xuefengnian before. Maybe there is a creature as dangerous as Xuefengnian hidden deep in the ground of this fifth map.

"It's a miracle of the universe." At this time, a cold voice sounded in Wang Ling's mind. An old monk wearing white robes appeared in Wang Ling's thinking universe. He has a long beard. He has white hair and a boyish face that is calm and intimidating. He has a kind of immortal popularity.

Although it was the first time he met the old monk, Wang Ling recognized the origin of the old monk at a glance.

"You are. The tree on the other side." Wang Ling's voice also sounded in the thinking universe. Communicate directly with the old monk transformed by the tree on the other side.

"Exactly." The old monk didn't hesitate.

He knew that Wang Ling was very strong. He could see it directly, so he didn't hide anything. "The miracles of the universe are transformed by the will of the universe. They can look like anything. If you don't like how I look like this, I can also turn into a beautiful woman." ."

"..." Wang Ling was speechless. He felt that the point was not at all. It was why the other shore tree appeared in his thinking universe.

"I know. The miracles of the universe that monks in the world are flocking to may not be anything at all in your eyes. But you rescued me anyway. I have to let you repay you. I also know a lot about the eternal things." The old monk who is the incarnation of the other shore tree Say this to Wang Ling.

"..."

Wang Ling can finally see it. This is another one that relies on itself.

But it's a miracle of the universe. According to normal logical thinking, the more the better. But Wang Ling is already very strong. And it needs Talisman to suppress its strength. If there are more universes in it, Miracle blessing. I'm afraid the basic combat power will double again.

"The number of miracles in the universe will not affect you. If you are unwilling to sign me, I will naturally not be able to force you. If you don't believe me, you can examine me for a while." Bian Shu replied.

Then, without any further nonsense, he went straight to the point: "The miracle that is now sealed under the ground is Heavenly Dao Yun. It was originally one of the miracles under Dao Ancestor Wang. But he is quite irritable and has a very bad temper. "

The tree on the other side finished explaining. Wang Ling nodded secretly. They thought that the conversation in the universe only lasted a moment. The changes in reality almost happened at the same time.

It was a creature whose face could not be seen clearly. It had the same appearance as the Heavenly Dao Golden Men. It appeared ethereally in the fifth map. It was surrounded by large groups of clouds and mist. It was surrounded by Heavenly Dao secret mines. Each one The thunder represents the simultaneous bombardment of 100 Heavenly Dao. Although it does not reach the nuclear level of power, monks under the Dao Ancestor realm cannot approach it at will.

"It's so noisy." The faceless man in the form of Heavenly Dao Cloud showed a bit of irritability. You can see how many red clouds are in the clouds surrounding him. They are stained with the blood of the mythical beast of the Thunder Eater. And it also It was influenced by the blood of the mythical beast of the Thunder Eater and awakened.

Now Wang Ling finally knows why there is a steady stream of thunder in the fifth map of the Sun family's rental land. It seems that it is all given by the Heavenly Dao cloud.

And this just proves the establishment of the Sun family's ancestral land. In fact, it is also deeply related to Dao Ancestor Wang.

There is a mount hidden over there. Even the miracles of the universe that monks are eager to have are arranged here... Wang Ling really doesn't want these things. But I can't resist being forced to give them to them.

Otherwise, just ignore it?

Facing Heavenly Dao Yun who kept complaining, Wang Ling didn't bother to pay attention at all. He sighed slightly. After taking the Thunder Devouring Beast into his core world, he ignored Heavenly Dao Yun and planned to move to the next one. Heading to the map.

As a result, such disregard aroused Heavenly Dao Yun's dissatisfaction and rage: "You rude young man. Do you know who I am!"

Obviously, the faceless creature incarnated by Heavenly Dao Yun is also just waking up from a dream. He doesn't know what kind of player he is facing in front of him...

This is an existence that can burn even the contract of cosmic miracles with force. Just as the tree on the other side said. Wang Ling is a person who doesn't care how many cosmic miracles others have. He doesn't even put cosmic miracles at all. In eyes...

"You...you still dare to ignore me!"

Seeing Wang Ling resolutely ignore him and walk away. The faceless man incarnated by the Heavenly Dao cloud became even more angry. He left the clouds directly and transformed into thunder and lightning. The surrounding Heavenly Dao secret thunders all disappeared at this moment. It bloomed and swept towards Wang Ling. It wanted to kill this young man who didn't know how high the sky was.

However, Wang Ling directly predicted all his movements, leaving only an afterimage on the spot. The faceless man's attack was very fast and violent. He quickly changed his direction. He once again attacked {{ with an attack that was too fast to be seen by the naked eye. id_00004}} launches a new round of offensive.

However, none of the attacks could hit Wang Ling.

This is extremely embarrassing for Heavenly Dao Cloud.

Wang Ling doesn't want to take action directly here. Although Heavenly Dao Yun's attack can't hurt him, the terrible force of the backlash after hitting him is enough to completely destroy the fifth map.

In desperation. Wang Ling had no choice but to summon another space again!

When the world of the heavens appeared, even the Heavenly Dao clouds were frightened. This was a holy land that seemed to be outlined by countless miracles. The vast and magnificent buildings were filled with brilliance. The entire sky was filled with endless divinity. .

This is the Heavenly City that only belongs to Wang Ling!

It is the world of the heavens of Wang Ling! The most powerful alien space above the supreme world!

At the moment when it was sucked into the world of the heavens. www.uukanshu.net The faceless creature incarnated as a cloud in Heavenly Dao felt a steady stream of power coming from the avenue. Every building in this golden Heavenly City was glowing. All The powerful law imprints on the bricks and stones echoed at this moment. Various powerful avenue powers were laid out, impacting Heavenly Dao Yun's soul.

At this time, Sun Ru, Immortal Toya, Marmot and Thunder Eater who were hidden in the core world were all dumbfounded. They had never seen such a scene before. They only felt that their three views had been refreshed again.

The ability displayed by Wang Ling is too exaggerated. Even the uninvolved observers can't help but kneel down and worship at this moment.

When Wang Ling showed the world of the heavens for the first time, even monk Jin Deng was frightened. As a leader among the eternal ones, the sage of Buddhism who has experienced thousands of reincarnations is still like this. But I can imagine that other people were even more shocked.

Wang Ling didn't say half a word of nonsense. The next second he raised his hand and pressed down directly. As a miracle of the universe, Heavenly Dao Yun couldn't bear the pressure at all. He knelt on the ground on the spot. . The whole person was lying on the ground. He was as humble as an ugly toad...





Chapter 2059 Qiao Yanyuan’s first appearance


Latest website: Close to the Great Sering Sea southeast of Mixiu Country Fuye Island. There is a mysterious triangle area.

For many cultivators on Earth, this is a restricted area for navigation. Due to the existence of special magnetic field interference, countless ships once lost their way here and even disappeared directly in the fog.

The most famous incident is the legend that the black cruise ship Satan completely disappeared in the Triangle a thousand years ago.

After the Satan disappeared that year, Mixiu Country collaborated with neighboring cultivating countries to form a fleet to conduct a blanket search and rescue in this sea area. However, no trace of the Satan was found.

It was not until 666 years later that the Satan suddenly appeared on the coast of Puye Island.

What's even more surprising is that when the Satan was discovered, the entire hull was as new as before. There was no trace of the baptism of time at all.

However, the crew members trapped on the Satan and the captain at the time were all reduced to corpses...

This incident caused a great sensation at that time. It was even listed as one of the top ten unsolved mysteries in the world of cultivation today.

Even though there is various direct or indirect evidence that the Satan incident is indeed true, there are still many experts in the field of cultivation who believe that all this is a story fabricated by Mixiu Country in order to promote the tourism industry of Puye Island.

Regardless of whether the story is true or not. This restricted area of navigation in the Daxiling Sea has become a nightmare among contemporary cultivators. No one knows what will happen if they insist on going their own way to enter the restricted area. No one would have imagined that at this moment, a ship that is completely emitting The Moonlight ship, illuminated by the bright moonlight, was circling the famous triangle area unscrupulously.

No one would have expected that this Moonlight was the base camp on earth that Bai Zhe took the lead to set up for his son Bai Zijing - the Honghuang Headquarters.

In the captain's cabin of the Moonlight, a handsome young man with side-parted hair is flipping through the files in front of him. He has dark purple to black hair, which makes his skin appear fairer against the backdrop of his hair color, just on his forehead. At the position, there is a pair of gold and silver dragon horns. The one on the left is gold and the one on the right is silver.

His name is Qiao Yanyuan. He is exactly what Bai named before. He is the second chess piece placed on the earth since Mingyue Ye. Once Mingyue Ye is killed in battle, he will directly come out to take charge of the Mingyue ship. He will be in charge of all matters in the prehistoric era and has the right to act on his own initiative. . All decisions do not need to be reported to Bai Zhe.

An old man in white robes had been waiting at the door of the captain's cabin for a long time. Qiao Yanyuan read the last page of the file left on the bright moon night. He sat on the recliner relaxedly and snapped his fingers.

The old man received the instruction and tiptoed into the captain's cabin. He stood in front of the desk and saluted respectfully to the current manager of the Great Desolation: "Mr. Qiao, I came here to do Qu Shuling's business. So far, it's going well. Good luck."

"He has hatred and unwillingness. Only with this emotion can he digest the dragon scales given to him by the Moon Lord." Qiao Yanyuan stood up. He was wearing a straight suit, showing his extraordinary magnanimity as a dragonborn.

Such a young face exudes a terrifying aura.

The old man was terrified. He was an Eternal One who was forced to join the Great Desolate World. Because he signed a contract with Bai Zhe, he could only serve Bai Zhe wholeheartedly.

His past identity is no longer important because Bai Zhe gave him a new name: Bai Yinshou.

The surname Bai means that he is already a servant accepted by Bai Zhe.

The silver character in the middle symbolizes the seniority of the servant. This is arranged according to the eight characters "Galaxy in the sky. Dragon travels around the world".

As for the last birthday, I heard that Bai Zhe randomly named it through the automatic naming software after inputting the first two characters.

Today, Bai Yinshou's realm remains at the ninth level of Dao God. However, standing in front of Qiao Yanyuan, he still feels like his soul has been lost.

It is said that Qiao Yanyuan's strength is stronger than that of Jingze and Yan? combined. Bai Yinshou has also met the two dragonborns. He was lucky enough to observe the competition between the two. At that time, Bai Yinshou felt that even his own breathing was weak. Being completely suppressed. I can't even stand still...

Now when facing Qiao Yanyuan, it was just a normal face-to-face communication, but it was already filled with the illusion that the whole person was being manipulated.

"Through the dragon scales of the Moon Lord, this Qu Shuling is still the first person to transform into a dragon descendant. All experimental data on him must be recorded closely." Qiao Yanyuan said after staring at Bai Yinshou for a while.

"Yes." Bai Yinshou nodded. He knelt down.

"So based on the current progress, how long will it take before he officially becomes a Dragonborn?"

"Go back to Mr. Qiao. According to the current progress, it only takes three days."

"Three days? It's very fast."

Qiao Yanyuan nodded: "I'll leave this matter entirely to you. I have other things to deal with."

He didn't deliberately avoid talking about Bai Yinshou. As soon as he finished speaking, he directly placed his hand with clear finger bones on the astrolabe in front of his desk.

Bai Yinshou knows. This is the spiritual in-body amplification weapon specially given to Qiao Yanyuan by Bai Zhe.

Under normal circumstances, the monk's soul cannot be too far away from the body. If it is too far away from the body, the combat power of the soul will be greatly weakened. Moreover, it is also easy to suffer from external interference that prevents the soul from returning to the body. .

But with this augmented astrolabe, Qiao Yanyuan can use the separation of his soul to move freely in the cosmic space outside the earth without leaving the earth.

Bai Yinshou was shocked in his heart. The Dragonborn was too strong. It was simply an invincible existence... His time with Qiao Yanyuan was not too long, but it was not short either. So far, Qiao Yanyuan has not exposed his strength.

Just from the gold and silver horns on his head, it is difficult to tell what kind of dragon warrior genes Qiao Yanyuan has inherited from the dragon clan.

...

Infinite Galaxy. Holy Clan Temple.

When Qiao Yanyuan's soul broke into this place, the saint creatures with golden swirling faces were panicked for a while. But they quickly calmed down after seeing the dragon horns above Qiao Yanyuan's head.

Because he knew that this was a dragonborn. And he must be someone sent from Bai Zhe.

"Sir, it would be too rude to break into our Holy Clan's temple." said the Saint creature with a golden swirl-like face. He is the Holy Clan's Holy Lord and the first minister under the Holy King's throne.

At this moment, he was holding a scepter and the white robe on his body was moving automatically without any wind. He was trying to use his spiritual pressure to give Qiao Yanyuan a blow.

It's just a soul that has separated from its true body. He doesn't think that a soul, no matter how powerful it is, can do anything in the sky.

Buzz!

In an instant, Dao Ancestor-level spiritual pressure dropped.

Qiao Yanyuan's expression did not change. He was as calm as ever. He walked directly along the red carpet of the temple and walked easily to the largest leader of the Holy Clan.

He never knelt down. www.uukanshu.net He just looked at the man in front of him who was wearing golden unicorn armor and an eternal cloak: "Holy King of the Holy Race, my soul left my body this time. I have no ill intentions. I just want to do something for the sake of our relationship." cooperation. Add some trust."

"What do you mean by Mr. Qiao's words?" The Holy King narrowed his eyes. He already knew the origin of the person in front of him.

I even know that Qiao Yanyuan's true body is actually on the earth.

From the temple of the Infinite Galaxy on Earth...such a long distance. Unexpectedly, there is no fear of the spiritual pressure of the Dao Ancestor realm...

This person's strength can only be described as terrifying.

Even Qiao Yanyuan's strength is like this. Sooner or later, Bai Zhe will become the world's number one immortal...

"Didn't the Holy King realize that your Holy Clan was tricked?" At this time, Qiao Yanyuan narrowed his eyes slightly and asked with a smile.

ps: For a review of the previous situation, please see Chapter 1998: Really inserted an eye





Chapter 2060 Qiao Yanyuan fights three Human Ancestors


As soon as he said these words, the entire temple suddenly fell silent. Several saints under the Holy King fell silent at the same time.

Blindfolded?

What does this mean?

Does this mean that the entire Saint Clan is now under surveillance?

Although Qiao Yanyuan did not say who specifically was the person who blinded the Saints. As the leader of the Saints, those unforgettable dead fish eyes still clearly appeared in the Holy King's mind.

How is this possible...

From the earth to the temple of the saints. Such a long distance. No matter how powerful the other party is, it is impossible to quietly monitor them for that long.

On the Holy Star, especially near the temple with the Holy King as the core. The eight saints under him are all ruthless characters. They are aware of all the troubles on the Holy Star.

Even though Fenmu Shen does not have the omniscient and omnipotent cosmic insight that Fenmu Shen did after inheriting the Sotos tradition, the Holy Star is his home after all. He did not even notice that someone installed a surveillance camera in his home. This is really unreasonable.

The most important thing is that the Eight Great Saints did not even react to this matter. It is not outrageous.

But now, Qiao Yanyuan personally came to visit and exposed the matter directly. On the surface, it seemed to be a well-intentioned reminder from the alliance. But in fact, his words directly made the eight saints present feel their backs. Chills. Incessant sweating.

"Listen to Mr. Qiao. Our Saint Clan is always under surveillance. I have to remind Mr. Qiao that this is the Saint Clan."

It was the same Holy Lord from before. He took a step forward, holding the scepter in hand. Facing Qiao Yanyuan: "Safety on the Holy Star. All troubles and dangers are guarded by my eight people. No one can make mistakes. Even the magical power of Wang. Guangda. planted surveillance on us. But there is no way that the eight of us will not react at all to this matter."

He said this. He sounded old-fashioned, but in fact he didn't have much confidence.

Wang Ling's method. The Holy Clan has learned about it. Otherwise, it would be impossible for them to choose to ally with Bai Zhe.

So the Eight Saints themselves didn't know whether the Holy Star was being monitored or not.

Qiao Yanyuan's visit this time directly revealed this matter. This not only slapped their eight saints in the face, but also made the saint king lose his face.

When the Holy Lord spoke about this matter, he was actually hinting to Qiao Yanyuan not to continue to expose this matter.

Who would have expected that this dragonborn who came here with only his soul would give no face to him at all.

A "chi" sound. This laughter that sounded like contempt echoed directly throughout the entire temple, breaking the silence of the entire temple.

"That's why I say that the saints of the saint clan are nothing more than this. In the universe, the strong are respected. As long as there are strong ones, there is no need to rely on their own qualifications. They are useless people who rely on their old age and sell themselves off." Qiao Yanyuan said with full contempt in his eyes. He glanced at the saint who took the initiative to stand up. The white robe on his body was written with saint characters. Qiao Yanyuan had learned the saint characters and knew that it actually represented the number "eight".

"Who are you calling a loser?" The Eighth Holy Lord's voice immediately turned cold.

"Sorry. I'm not targeting you." Qiao Yanyuan put his hands behind his back. He didn't pay attention to everyone at all: "I mean, all the saints here are trash."

"You are a detached soul. You are on top of the hall of my holy clan. You still want to turn the world upside down!" The saints suddenly became furious when they heard this. They were so angry that they trembled all over. Maybe they do have something in this matter. It was a crime of negligence. But Qiao Yanyuan's shameless exposure and provocation made them intolerable.

"Lao Ba, please step back. Let us teach him a lesson!" Before the Eighth Saint took action, Qiao Yanyuan saw Number 567 in the field. The three Saints moved together and jointly cast spells to suppress him.

The spiritual power attributes of these three people are similar. They seem to be triplets. Therefore, when they work together, their spiritual power will resonate and react, doubling their power again.

"Interesting. Since you don't want to admit that you are a waste and you have nothing to do with me, you actually have three brothers joining forces to join forces?" Qiao Yanyuan laughed even louder.

He mocked almost without thinking. His original intention of coming this time was not to provoke a war, but to remind him with good intentions. But he didn't expect that these losers would not reflect on themselves at all. Instead, they turned their anger onto themselves to try to divert attention. Sure enough, the essence of all living things in the world is the same. They will never admit their mistakes easily. This makes Qiao Yanyuan feel very disappointed. He is not afraid of opponents who are like gods. He is afraid of teammates who are like pigs.

Even though the Saints are now allies, this arrogant and ignorant attitude really makes Qiao Yanyuan feel disgusted.

At this moment, the five, six, and seven brothers joined forces to suppress him. The huge seas of spiritual power from the three Human Ancestor realms converged together, forming a giant pliers that pressed towards Qiao Yanyuan, trying to pin him down directly and cut him off at the waist.

"Bang!"

Qiao Yanyuan did not dodge. He just snapped his fingers. He immediately opened a spiritual barrier on his body and directly caught the attack of the giant pincer.

On the throne of the temple, the Holy King sees everything.

This Qiao Yanyuan was weirder than he thought.

Much scarier than Jingze and Yan. With just a simple spiritual barrier, he actually withstood the attacks of three human-level people. So as a dragonborn, what state is he in now?

It is taboo to do something directly in the temple, unless there is the tacit approval of the Holy King.

The Eight Saints' hearts are like mirrors. Although they really wanted to divert the conflict, the Holy King's tacit approval also wanted to use their hands to explore the reality of Qiao Yanyuan.

Because not long ago, the Saints heard the secret about Qiao Yanyuan. There is news that this person is the strongest dragon descendant currently under Bai Zhe. He is a trump card that can be called a secret weapon.

Now this is the first appearance. Although it is a direct fight, it can also confirm some rumors.

At this moment, the three saints joined forces to suppress. Qiao Yanyuan easily withstood the pressure. He didn't even show off his dragon-born ability. He didn't even use his dragon-born magic weapon. He only relied on the most basic combat power. The effect was achieved with ease.

Boom!

The spiritual barrier on his body was astonishingly thick. Even the giant pincers of the three Human Ancestors could not crush the barrier. Under such a thorough defense, Qiao Yanyuan also directly began to fight back.

He was merciless. He looked like a ghost. He picked up the Number 6 Saint in the middle and started to break the formation. He grabbed the man's robe and smashed it onto the cold and hard ground of the temple.

The ground of the entire temple collapsed and trembled violently. Countless gold powder fell on the high ceiling of the temple with the shock.

Qiao Yanyuan's speed and strength are extraordinary.

Without any modification, just physical combat, such a violent aesthetic is perfectly interpreted.

And this is the scariest thing about him.

Such a mysterious dragonborn is already so tyrannical even before he reveals his trump card. If you take it seriously, it would be so scary... Besides, this is just a soul!

"Stop it."

So at this moment, the Holy King, who had been silent for a long time, finally spoke.

He was originally testing Qiao Yanyuan. He didn't want the war to continue to expand. Otherwise, his entire temple would have to be renovated.

However, Qiao Yanyuan's domineering attitude was still beyond his imagination.

"call out!"

He opened the silver dragon wing on his right side, slashed out a wing blade, and directly cut off one of the arms of Holy Lord Number 6. In front of the Holy King, blood was sprinkled on the temple.

7017k





Chapter 2061 I don’t know anything about the background 1


Latest website: Qiao Yanyuan's tyranny was beyond the imagination of everyone here. He opened his Dragonborn and cut off the arm of Saint Number 6 without any effort.

This caused Saint Number 6 to immediately put on a mask of pain on his face. Because it seemed that he was the one who was injured last time!

As the youngest member of the Holy Lord's team, he is nicknamed "Ghost Lao Liu" as the group's favorite. In order to avoid future disasters, he immediately proposed to the Holy King. In order to consolidate the strength of the Holy Clan and maintain the stability of the Holy Star, he can choose from the next level of first-class Two new guardians will be selected from among the saints. They will be promoted to the ranks of the saint kings by instilling the secret power of the saints.

Therefore, the current number of guardians under the Holy Throne has been changed from the previous six to eight. There are two people supporting him at the back. Gui Laoliu thought that even if he fights again in the future, the probability of being injured should be lower. .

Unexpectedly, Qiao Yanyuan cut off his arm directly in the temple without giving any face to him. His blood was spilled in the temple.

This is in front of the Holy King!

At this point, the current eight saints all have shocked expressions on their faces. One of their arms has been cut off in the Human Ancestor realm. It is just physical pain. It may not be anything to the six saints. But Qiao Yanyuan's behavior is... Provoke the Holy Clan. And he did it after the Holy King persuaded them to make peace.

This is a slap in the face of the entire holy race!

But Qiao Yanyuan had the capital.

The six realms of the Ancestor Realm. Starting from the Dao Ancestor Realm, there are Human Ancestor, Earthly Ancestor, Heavenly Ancestor, Ancestor King, Ancestor Immortal... Each realm is separated by a huge span.

Aeons ago, Dao Ancestor Wang, the founder of Heavenly Dao, was extremely powerful. But at that time, Dao Ancestor had just entered the ancestral realm. He was the first person in legend to touch the ancestral realm.

If Dao Ancestor Wang is still alive, now he doesn't know which level of the six realms of the ancestral realm he can hit.

They are the Saints of the Holy Clan and the powerful Human Ancestors. The three of them worked together, but they couldn't even shake Qiao Yanyuan's separated soul.

That at least proves that Qiao Yanyuan is at least an Earthly Ancestor. Maybe even an Ancestor King!

"Mr. Qiao came to our Holy Star without saying hello. After my king persuaded me to make peace, he continued to attack my king's holy master. Could it be that he was bullying my holy clan?"

After a long silence, the Holy King finally spoke. Under the golden mask, the Holy King's cape exuded a dazzling light. Even the eternal cloak behind him changed color, showing the Holy King's wrath. The entire temple was suddenly shrouded in a huge majesty and pressure. Down.

But he did not attack Qiao Yanyuan directly, because the Holy King knew very well that this time Qiao Yanyuan came to visit. Apart from the so-called reminder, the biggest purpose was to show his face in front of his Holy Clan.

Therefore, establishing prestige is extremely important.

If he really doesn't care about his status as a holy king. Since he has the ability to cut off the arm of the Human Ancestor with only his physical dragon wings, then he has the ability to directly cut off the head of Gui Laoliu.

And Qiao Yanyuan's move also made the Holy King realize that the Holy Lord under him seemed to be a little insufficient.

After Qiao Yanyuan left, he had to continue to expand.

At this moment, he only expressed his dissatisfaction, but did not take action. In fact, he did not want to break up with Bai Zhe directly.

"Holy King, calm down. Fists and kicks have no eyes. It was just a sparring match."

"Haha. In my opinion, Mr. Qiao is more like looking for trouble."

"I'm sorry to speak frankly. If you deliberately seek trouble, these eight saints from His Royal Highness will all die in the temple at this moment."

Qiao Yanyuan spoke domineeringly. There was a coldness in his eyes. It was hard to believe that he was just a soul.

He finished speaking with disdain. Then he opened his hand and directly drew the staff from the hand of a saint in front of him.

"How outrageous! Why don't you come back!" Saint Number 1, who had his staff taken away, said anxiously.

"Shut up. Isn't that embarrassing enough?"

The Holy King's eyes were filled with contempt. He immediately told the Holy Lord Number 1 to shut up. "I can't even hold the staff steady...I will settle the score with you later."

"Lord Holy King, calm down..." All the Holy Lords knelt down one after another. Their movements were uniform.

I saw Qiao Yanyuan pointing the end of the staff into the void as a javelin. Then he opened his body and threw it suddenly. At the same time, there was a mysterious smile on his face: "First time we meet. This is my gift to His Highness the Holy King." ."

Boom!

The staff he threw directly pierced the sky wall of the temple and flew straight into the sky. Then the staff suddenly stopped and directly pierced the mysterious thing hidden in the sky.

"There is really something..." The great saints were also quite surprised. This mysterious thing was hidden in the sky above their temple. But none of the eight of them noticed it.

"This is." At this point, the Holy King narrowed his eyes and began to ask about the origin of this mysterious object.

"It is said that the most powerful person in the universe was born from chaos. There are forty-nine pairs in total. Each pair of eyes has special power."

Qiao Yanyuan looked at the minced meat that was chased down from the sky. He smiled and said: "As the Holy King has seen, this pupil hovering above the Holy Star is exactly the Taoist Eye Number 03. It is also called the replica of the true spiritual eye. The appearance is silvery white. The pupils are crescent-shaped. It has strong copying ability."

"He is very cunning. He copied Cosmic Embryo's signal with this Number 03, trying to focus the attention of those cosmic races that also covet Cosmic Embryo on the Saint Race."

Qiao Yanyuan explained: "Not only that. He also asked Pupil Number 03 to simulate the spiritual information of the creatures of the Holy Star. Therefore, he can confuse the fake with the real, so that no one can detect it. And this is the so-called mystery of the authorities."

These words, after all, took some of the Holy King's face into consideration and made the Holy King's anger calm down a bit.

Qiao Yanyuan continued: "As an ally, this is my gift to the Holy King. Although we can't do anything to the man named Wang at the moment, at least for now, he has lost a pair of the strongest weapons in the universe. A comprehensive battle against him The strength is also weakened."

"Then do you know where the remaining pupils are?" the Holy King narrowed his eyes and asked.

"These legendary things in the universe are on the same level as the miracles of the universe. If they are found accidentally, they are all caused by huge immortal luck. It is impossible to find them. The universe is too vast. Who knows where they are scattered."

"But I have heard that this boy is very good at collecting cards. He has the habit of collecting cards. Maybe there are other powerful men in the universe. www.uukanshu.net" The Holy King pondered.

When Qiao Yanyuan said this, he couldn't help but laugh: "Okay, let's take a step back. Even if there really is, it's impossible to collect them all. This is a legendary thing in the universe. I just don't believe it. He can put forty-nine Collect them all. Haha. If there are any, I will just crush them..."

The Holy King smiled: "So. Today, Mr. Qiao's soul left his body and broke into the temple of our Holy Clan. Just to help my Holy Clan pull out an eye?"

"Of course there are other things."

Qiao Yanyuan said with a smile: "Anyway, this Number 03 has been hanging over the temple for a while. I am afraid that many cosmic races who are also interested in Cosmic Embryo have received the signal and are on their way to the Holy Star. among."

Holy King: "If they want to attack my Holy Star, I will destroy them all."

"This is the second thing I came to see the Holy King for."

Qiao Yanyuan put his hands behind his back. He looked at the Holy King and said, "You might as well take this opportunity to win them all over."





Chapter 2062 Arrangement of Wang Ling


Latest website: Dao Number 03 Pupil was directly destroyed. The feedback also appeared immediately on Wang Ling. But compared to the damage caused by King's Eyes going against the will of heaven and burning the miracle contract. This time the price Wang Ling has to pay It's much smaller.

His myopia has deepened again. It has increased by 10° on the original basis. It can basically be regarded as ineffective backlash damage.

Qiao Yanyuan thought he had destroyed Pupil Number 03. But he didn't know that such cosmic-level legendary objects have self-repair mechanisms.

Over there, Pupil Number 03 had just been destroyed. In Wang Ling's display cabinet, a golden bud grew out of the vacant spot of Pupil Number 03.

If you look closely, you will find that there is a small white crescent-shaped mark on the leaves of Meiko. It corresponds to the unique silver-white crescent pupil of Number 03.

In fact, Wang Ling's display case of the God's God is also a miracle of the universe. Because he has collected all the legendary objects of the universe that are considered unobtainable by outsiders, a total of 7,749 God's God's God.

In this way, the Divine Display Cabinet was included in the ranks of the miracles of the universe.

King's Eyes. Wang Ling was born with it. This is the hardest one to obtain among the forty-nine. I don't know why he was born with it... He was just a child. His ability was not as strong as it is now. .

In fact, if you find all forty-nine Taoist coins, you can have everything else if you have the King's Eyes.

So Wang Ling didn't find it difficult to collect experiences of other Taoism. This King's Eyes is like a signal detector. The location of each King's Eyes is clearly marked. So Wang Ling When I was in junior high school, I traveled around the universe and collected all the Taoism.

Don’t delay your studies. Just take advantage of your weekend break to get away from the earth and take a walk.

Those who know will know that he is looking for other powerful beings in the universe. Those who don’t know think that he is playing Genshin Impact 1.0. He is collecting the Eyes of Wind here...

All in all, it was just a Dao Chao that was destroyed. It had little impact on Wang Ling.

Of course, these most powerful weapons, which are regarded as legends in the universe, can actually be destroyed. Unless someone can destroy them together, as long as there is one left, the others will slowly disappear over time. grow back.

Nowadays, the display cabinet in the hands of Wang Ling actually functions as a storage box for contact lenses and a greenhouse for cultivating and repairing channels.

"It's quite interesting to be able to directly destroy Road Number 03. This guy named Qiao."

Wang Ling Here was raising a hand to steadily suppress Heavenly Dao Yun. The moment Dao Number 03 was destroyed, he and Wang Ying immediately felt it.

At this moment, Wang Ying's comment can be regarded as a compliment to Qiao Yanyuan.

He rarely appreciates other people, especially those enemies who are on the opposite side. Now, there are actually people who can destroy a powerful Dao weapon without any effort. And this is proven by just relying on the power of his own soul. This man's fighting power is amazing.

But it's a pity. He was exposed too early. In Wang Ying's opinion, such behavior is still stupid.

The laws of the dark forest in the universe actually also apply in the world of cultivation.

When you are alive, you must not be too arrogant. Making a fortune in silence is the way to go.

Although Number 03 was destroyed, Qiao Yanyuan's action also completely exposed himself. He went from a shadow dragonborn behind the scenes to the front of the stage.

The only fly in the ointment is that there is still too little information about Qiao Yanyuan. Judging from this person's performance, his combat power far exceeds the previous Jingze and Yan?. However, this person hides his ability very well. .

Of course. Wang Ling actually doesn't care what Qiao Yanyuan's abilities are... but if he can have more information here, he can provide the same amount of information to Zhuo Yi at the same time.

After all, there are some things that are not convenient for him to come forward in person. He still needs Zhuo Yi to take care of them for him.

"Can you...please respect me?"

Heavenly Dao Yun was lying on the ground. He saw Wang Ling's eyes wandering, as if he was thinking about other things. This faceless creature was forced to lose his expression at this time. It was full of despair.

Wang Ling was contacting Zhuo Yi and had no time to respond. As a result, this yelling made Wang Ling increase his intensity even more.

The cry of the faceless creature became even more shrill. His whole body was pressed into the ground by palm prints. There was no appearance at all... Who dares to believe it. He is the incarnation of a cosmic miracle!

"This man is not simple. He is not afraid of facing the Holy King with his soul body. It seems that Bai Zhe should have trained him as a key secret weapon." At this time, the voice of the old monk incarnated in the Biangan tree came again. The vast reverberation has a sense of heaviness. There will be a feeling of respect that people will unconsciously feel.

But this effect was useless to Wang Ling. After contacting Zhuo Yi, he remembered that there was such a cosmic miracle beside him that he was lingering on.

The other shore tree has a long history. It has witnessed the rise and fall of the universe. Naturally, it has also seen the death of dragons. Wang Ling thought that maybe this old monk could know something: "How much do you know."

The voice of Wang Ling immediately sounded in the thinking universe. He asked directly and clearly.

Unexpectedly, the old monk chuckled and replied naughtily: "If I can answer it, can I stay with you?"

"You answer first..."

Bian Shu: "The three leaders of the Dragon Clan. Yueguang, Cangyuan, and Dark Devour. Bai Zhe has now inherited the Moonlight Dragon orthodoxy. In order to ensure that his position is stable, he will definitely not release the two orthodox traditions of Cangyuan and Dark Devour. Come out."

Wang Ying was puzzled. He directly joined the conversation in the thinking universe: "But the inheritance of Taoism can be superimposed. If in order to stabilize his position, according to his personality, he should swallow the Taoism of the other two chief dragons together."

Bi'anshu shook his head and said: "The Dragon Clan's orthodoxy is too overbearing. A group of dragons has no leader. One mountain cannot accommodate two tigers. But back then, when the Dragon Clan was at its peak, there were three leaders. Don't you think it's strange? The Dragon Clan's orthodoxy is too overbearing. If He forcibly swallows the orthodoxy of the other two leader dragons. This will create a counterbalance and weaken his own combat power."

"That's it. So it's better not to inherit." Wang Ying raised his eyebrows. He found that the old man on the other side of the tree still had something. He was simply a walking encyclopedia. And he answered whatever he asked. It was comparable to a human flesh search engine.

Much better than the self-talking Apple before.

Wang Ying: "That's what you mean. Do you think Qiao Yanyuan is related to the other two leaders of the Dragon Clan?"

"Perhaps. Although he has not shown any traces now, as a new dragonborn, such combat power is too unusual. I guess. Under Bai Zhe's arrangement, he may have inherited both Cangyuan and Dark Devour. Dao Tong."

Bi'an Shu said: "Although it can make his combat power surpass that of other dragon descendants. www.uukanshu.net, there are limitations due to conflicting traditions. In the end, he is destined to be unable to surpass Bai Zhe who is dedicated to inheriting one tradition."

Wang Ying: "But what's going on with Wang Muyu? He has Wanlong genes. So there's no conflict?"

Bian Shu smiled: "He is different."

Wang Ying: "What's the difference?"

Bi'anshu: "This little guy was born under the watchful eye of Ling Zhenren. In a sense, his existence itself is a miracle of the universe. If Wang Muyu hadn't been well protected by you, Bai Zhenren focused on cultivating him. The target will definitely not be Qiao Yanyuan. This little guy's growth rate is amazing. If he were in the dragon era, he might become the new Dragon King."

"What about now? For example, compared to this Joe."

Wang Ying asked curiously. He actually had a scale in his heart, but he still wanted to hear Bianshu's opinion.

Bi'an Shu chuckled: "Didn't Ling Zhenren send him to the Daxi Ling Sea? You will know the answer soon."





Chapter 2063 Wang Muyu’s path to apprenticeship


At the beginning, Wang Ling helped Chen Chao and Guo Hao arrange masters. At the same time, it also helped Wang Muyu arrange masters. In terms of realm and combat power, although Yi Jianchuan was a sword master, he was still a brave general who was galloping on the battlefield. But. After all, he was still no match for Wang Muyu, who grew up rapidly with the power of his bloodline.

Just like what the tree on the other side said, the little guy has huge potential for development. And the reason why Wang Ling arranged for the Sword Master to teach him is actually more important is the spiritual construction.

A strong man cannot just have fighting power. He must also have a strong heart and a stable state of mind.

In the entire world of cultivation, the fighting power of Father Wang and Mother Wang is so insignificant that ordinary ones can no longer be ordinary. But sometimes Wang Ling feels that his parents are extremely powerful. They are the key to his spiritual construction.

The couple taught Wang Ling to be kind, teach him patience, teach him how to practice and uphold justice, teach him calmness, teach him not to bully, etc. Wait a minute!

On the road to growth in cultivation, the shaping of one's state of mind is equally important as one's state of mind and combat effectiveness.

The little guy grew up too fast with his own bloodline genes. So Wang Ling felt that he needed such an excellent mentor.

In this regard, I quite approve of Sword Master's character Wang Ling.

And he felt that bringing Wang Muyu's spiritual state of mind might also help the Sword Master himself. Maybe he could learn some Heavenly Dao from Wang Muyu.

All in all, this is a master-disciple combination that can perfectly complement each other in terms of state of mind and realm.

Of course. It is true that Wang Ling has its own layout.

After all, in this world, world peace certainly cannot be protected by him alone...

He is just a seventeen-year-old child.

Therefore, Wang Ling will also secretly provide as much help as possible to some powerful figures who have sufficiently high moral standing and kind hearts in the cultivation circle.

And this is Wang Ling's "comprehensive support plan for powerful factions". The fundamental purpose is to prepare for the future.

The earth is not his alone. It needs to be protected by everyone.

It is precisely for this reason that it is actually very important to improve the overall state of mind.

Since the upgrade of the earth, the highest realm of cultivators on the earth no longer has the shackles of True Immortal. However, it will take at least thousands of years to develop to the level of the Soul Formation realm sweeping the streets in the divine realm.

That's why Wang Ling launched this plan. It is intended to speed up the cultivators on Earth.

Priority will be given to pilots from those capable players who already have enough reputation and have passed the inspection.

It's not just the Sword Master. In fact, all the other ten generals are also on Wang Ling's support list.

...

Time goes back to the morning of January 20th. The Qingfeng Hall is located south of the suburbs of Songhai City. The famous Songhai Reservoir is not far from the Qingfeng Hall. The straight-line distance is no more than two kilometers.

On the way Wang Ling and a group of people took the Zhuo Yi bus to the Office of Strategic Deception, Wang Muyu followed the address to the Qingfeng Guild Hall at the same time. He took the Huaguo Shui Lian Group's special car. Yes Sun Rong specially prepared it after greeting Mr. Wang.

Qingfeng Hall is a famous sanatorium in Huaxiu country and a reception place for important guests. Almost all the big shots have been here. It is full of spiritual energy and has a large area. It is an excellent place for spiritual practice.

To be honest, after hearing that Wang Ling found a master for himself, Wang Muyu was not very happy. The little guy who only focused on combat power still only had Wang Ling in his heart. He felt that there was only one in the world. Wang Ling can teach itself.

And the person he was going to take him to see now seemed to Wang Muyu to be just a mortal who had only half stepped into the realm of Venerated Immortal. He was too weak.

What qualifications do you have to teach yourself?

But having said that, Wang Muyu went obediently. After all, this was arranged by Wang Ling. He felt that there might be something special about the old man he met.

On the contrary, he asked Wang Muyu to Qingfeng Guild Hall knowing that the Sword Master wanted to recruit a disciple. Boss Sun's attitude was much more positive than Wang Muyu's.

Knowing the news at that time, Sun Yiyuan also said in his heart that Wang Muyu had a bright future.

At such a young age, the Sword Master took notice of him. The future is promising! So he arranged everything for Wang Muyu. He even sent his own special car to take Wang Muyu to the agreed place. He also didn't forget to find someone to help Wang Muyu. Ordered.

The Sword Master's recruitment of disciples is of great importance. How could it be leaked out so easily?

Therefore, except for Sun Yiyuan, Sun Rong and Butler Lin, no one else in the Sun family knew what Wang Muyu was doing at Qingfeng Guild Hall.

Butler Lin, Lao Lin, is the Sun family veteran who has the most contact with Sun Yiyuan, Sun Rong. He is honest and hard-working. The key is that he is not a talkative person.

"I can only send it here. Master Mu Yu."

The car drove to a fork in the mansion. Butler Lin, who was responsible for seeing Wang Muyu off, stopped the car. Then he looked in the rearview mirror and said to Wang Muyu: "You go along the road on the right. You will see the Juggernaut."

"Okay. Thank you, Uncle Lin." Wang Muyu thanked him politely, then opened the car door and jumped out.

Looking at Wang Muyu's calm back, Butler Lin couldn't help but sigh.

It is said that the most important thing for a swordsman is to be calm.

If other children knew that they might be chosen as disciples by the Sword Master, they would probably faint from excitement, right?

Look at Xiao Muyu. How calm he is!

Be calm and calm... This is the proper attitude of a master!

"That weird master would like him so much." At this time, Lao Lin looked at Wang Muyu's retreating back. He felt that he understood a lot of things in an instant.

The official meeting place with the legendary sword master is by the artificial lake of Qingfeng Hall.

The artificial lake is very vast. The surrounding mountains stretch. The sun shines on the lake, reflecting dots of golden light. From time to time, fish jump out of it.

Not long after Wang Muyu walked along the main road, he saw an old man wearing a white training suit and a red belt fishing on the shore.

This is probably the sword master...

Wang Muyu murmured in his heart.

He didn't go over immediately. Instead, he simply snapped his fingers and untied the hairdo that the stylist had made for him. He let his bangs hang down naturally again. He changed out of the carefully prepared suit. I put on Wang Ling a smaller version of the "World Peace" sweatshirt of the same style.

Wang Muyu prefers nature. The sticky hair on his back made him very uncomfortable. However, he didn't say it when he was styling it. Instead, he chose to endure it.

Because he knew that this was the good intention of Mr. Boss Sun. He would just wait until there was no one around and find a chance to return to his normal self.

"Little guy, you are finally here. I am here. I have been waiting for you for a long time."

Soon, a voice came from the old man on the shore. The disembodied voice had a sense of immortality.

This meeting was far more peaceful than Wang Muyu imagined.

Wang Muyu, who had changed into regular clothes, put his hands inside his sweater and walked over. Facing the completely unfamiliar person in front of him, Wang Muyu asked tentatively in a very childish voice: "Grandpa, do you want to accept me as a disciple?" "

"Haha. Not sure yet. It depends on your qualifications. But... the person who recommended you is the head of the Zhan Sect. I don't think he would lie to me." Yi Jianchuan smiled and looked at him intently. He said while looking at the lake.

"Then let me ask Grandpa, how do you view qualifications?" Wang Muyu asked.

"Here. This is for you."

Yi Jianchuan nodded. He directly handed the fishing rod in his hand to Wang Muyu: "Can you fish?"

"Does this mean that fishing qualifications are judged? Isn't that too hasty, grandpa?" Wang Muyu asked.

"The material of this fishing rod is special. It can accurately analyze your spiritual power and related qualities."

Yi Jianchuan laughed loudly: "Especially. If you have the talent to learn Sword, it will be a big bonus. Therefore, the fish you can catch will be bigger."

Wang Muyu continued to ask calmly: "How big is the largest fish in this lake?"

Yi Jianchuan replied: "The bottom of this artificial lake is connected to the Songhai Reservoir. The Songhai Reservoir has a history of thousands of years. It is rumored that there is a giant thing lurking under the bottom of the lake."

"Okay. I understand." Hearing this, Wang Muyu nodded.

The little guy's chat just now wasn't because he knew nothing about the situation at the bottom of the lake. He was just stalling for time.

After all, if he goes down with this pole, he may be able to pull the monster at the bottom of the lake directly out of the water...

The purpose of his delaying time was to select fish.

To be honest, Wang Muyu didn't want to become the sword master.

So now he should fish up a slightly smaller one. It would be better to use this to prove that he does not have the talent to practice Sword.

But at the same time, Wang Muyu didn't want to make it difficult for Lord Diu Lei and Wang Ling, so he thought it would be okay to catch a moderate one.

As a result, after this hesitation and confusion... more than ten minutes passed.

He didn't catch a single fish.

On the other hand, Yi Jianchuan, who was standing next to him, had his mouth wide open, showing an expression of extreme astonishment.

In fact, it doesn't make any sense how big the fish is.

The real point is how long Wang Muyu can hold this fishing rod.

This is a premonition fused with the True Immortal sword intent...

Under normal circumstances, a child of Wang Muyu's age would faint within less than ten seconds of holding it.

As a result, good guy. This little guy was left here struggling for more than ten minutes like a normal person...

Oh my god!

What a genius!

Unparalleled genius!





Chapter 2064 Routines and Counter-Routines


Latest website: "I'm sorry, Mu Yu. I remembered it wrong. Your talent and qualifications actually have little to do with the size of the fish you catch."

"?"

The world of adults is dangerous and complicated. Even Wang Muyu himself did not expect that even though he was so careful and vigilant, he would still be tricked in the end.

The fundamental reason is that the person standing in front of him now was planned and arranged by Wang Ling. It was precisely because of his infinite trust in Wang Ling that he relaxed a little.

Of course. Another key point is that Wang Muyu feels that such a highly respected veteran in the earth's cultivation circle, the former founding general of the Huaxiu Kingdom...faced with a child like him, wouldn't he use any means to test him, right?

But unfortunately, this old guy used it. And he used it quite naturally. There was no flaw in his acting skills...

Wang Muyu sighed inwardly.

Alas. After all, I am still too young.

When faced with the Sword Master's question, the little guy naturally showed his timid and innocent face. There were dazzling stars in his eyes.

His reaction speed was also very fast: "Eh? Is that so? But I didn't notice any discomfort when I held the pole?"

Yi Jianchuan frowned. He immediately took the rod back from Wang Muyu's hand. Then he was shocked to find that there was a thin, invisible crack at the end of the fishing rod.

"There is indeed a gap."

Yi Jianchuan muttered.

Did it turn out that the fishing rod was damaged...the spiritual pressure inside was out of balance? Is that why Mu Yu was able to hold on to the rod for so long?

In this way, everything seems to be explained.

How could a six- or seven-year-old kid really hold the fishing rod for such a long time? Even for a genius of his age, it is too much to hold on for more than ten minutes.

Seeing the sword master sighing in disappointment, Wang Muyu also breathed a sigh of relief.

Of course, he knew that the Sword Master was not that easy to fool. Although his realm and combat power were not as good as his own, his experience was vast. What kind of things had he not seen before?

The fishing rod used for testing was a top-quality sacred instrument. Even though the sword master was puzzled, he would never have thought that the invisible cracks were caused intentionally by the child in front of him.

A child of six or seven years old can crush a top-quality sacred weapon?

What a joke.

So. Yi Jianchuan stared at the damaged test fishing rod in his hand. He said rather depressedly: "Mu Yu. How about we change the testing method?"

"Okay." Wang Muyu accepted happily. Then he showed a harmless smile.

Every time you take a step, you gain wisdom.

This time. He will be extra careful.

...

A bamboo raft enters the west entrance of the artificial lake and drives towards the east. Ripples appear on the calm lake surface as the bamboo raft drives.

No one is sliding the bamboo raft. It is purely the propulsive effect caused by the sword master releasing his sword energy.

"Once you have mastered the art of sword control, you can apply this method to all aspects. When I was practicing Sword, I would often use all kinds of strange objects to cross the river."

"Like. Reed?"

"It's everything."

As soon as he finished speaking, Yi Jianchuan was seen stopping the bamboo raft. He lifted his sword fingers together and gently lifted it towards the lake. Drops of lake water were accurately peeled off from the lake. Affected by the sword energy, these water droplets were peeled off. The grains are distinct. They are neatly arranged into an endlessly high ladder in the void.

He directly stepped on the water droplets upwards and ran high into the sky at high speed. He did not use any magical weapons or any floating spells. He only used his own sword energy to control the water droplets on the lake surface to build a ladder in the air, soaring through the void.

Wang Muyu could actually do such an operation. But at that time, for some reason, he looked at the sword master who quickly disappeared from his sight. He was still a little stunned. For some reason, he was fascinated by it.

Buzz!

When he came back to his senses, the old man had appeared in front of him again. He was like a leaf, falling lightly on the bamboo raft without any unnecessary fluctuations.

"To practice swordsmanship, you must first cultivate your mind. As long as your state of mind is deep enough, your sword intention will naturally reach all directions. It can reach all the places you want to reach."

Then he continued to skillfully control the bamboo raft, with his hands behind his back. The sword master's demeanor was clearly revealed. He was extremely patient and gentle.

Wang Muyu's heart was like a mirror. The speed of this bamboo raft could actually be faster. But in order to take care of himself, the old man still gave him a process of adaptation.

At this moment, Wang Muyu suddenly understood why Wang Ling chose to practice with Yi Jianchuan.

Just when they were crossing the lake on a bamboo raft, they felt an unprecedented sense of tranquility and extraordinary comfort.

It's hard to believe. Obviously his realm and combat power are far stronger than the sword master. But at this moment, he was affected. It made him feel unreal.

"By the way, Grandpa Sword Master, where are we going?" Wang Muyu asked at this moment.

He can also communicate with other people, but for some reason, Wang Muyu doesn't want to use it on the person in front of him. Although even if he uses his method of communicating with other people, the other party may not know. Don't steal other people's voices at will. This is also a kind of respect.

When he was on the shore, he didn't read minds because he was not careful.

Now on this bamboo raft, Wang Muyu once again gave up the idea of using his mind because of his spontaneous respect.

Hearing that the little guy had changed his title, Yi Jianchuan was naturally beaming: "I want to take you over the Dragon Gate."

Then, he used his sword energy to control the water in the lake below, causing a huge wave to rise. He used the bamboo raft as a skateboard to ride on the waves with Wang Muyu.

In the blink of an eye, we came to a huge wall. This was the sluice gate of the artificial lake.

"If you want to go from this artificial lake to the large reservoir, there are two ways. One is to hold your breath and swim through the passage at the bottom of the lake. The second is to jump over the 200-meter-high sluice."

Staring at the 200-meter-high sluice in front of him, Wang Muyu fell into deep thought... It was certainly not difficult for him to jump over.

But after all, Yi Jianchuan's knowledge of him was limited. It would be a problem if he really jumped over.

So what is the best way to do this at this time? Wang Muyu was influenced by Wang Ling. www.uukanshu.net It can be said to be a lesson in words and deeds. When faced with such a task that can be completed but has to be given up, usually all you need to do is pretend. Just make an effort and it will be fine.

He frowned and was thinking about how many meters he should jump to fall.

As a result, the sword master slapped his thigh and said excitedly: "You are indeed... the disciple I want to find!"

Wang Muyu: "?"

The sword master was moved and said: "Under normal circumstances, children your age would have given up long ago when they see such a high sluice. But Mu Yu, you are different. You actually want to jump over! I have decided. Today. I officially accept you as my disciple!"

"..."

Upon hearing this, Wang Muyu's big eyes suddenly revealed great doubts.

He didn't expect that he would be tricked twice in one day...

7017k





Chapter 2065 Wuji Sword. Drop of water penetrates stone


Latest website: People's hearts are sinister. It's impossible to guard against them. After being tricked twice, Wang Muyu has completely given up resistance.

The inner world of adults is too complicated. Can't we use less routines...

Although he was accepted as a disciple by Yi Jianchuan's "routine", in fact, it was mainly because the sword master in front of him was not as bad as he thought.

Today was the first time they met. They had known each other for less than two hours. Wang Muyu could feel a trace of tranquility from this person. It was a kind of tranquility without any clutter.

It was only at this time that Wang Muyu finally understood why Wang Ling would arrange for him to be in such a state where his combat power was not as good as his master.

What Wang Ling wants him to cultivate is not his realm or his fighting power, but his state of mind.

It is equally important for cultivators to practice and hone their mental state. Having a stable and uplifting mental state is even more beneficial than going to those dangerous secret realms to continuously participate in battles.

Defeating monsters and upgrading is certainly a way. But if you don't think about it, your level will certainly increase, but what you train is just muscle memory. Once you encounter a bottleneck, if your mood is not enough, you will not be able to break through smoothly.

This is one of the reasons why many cultivators stop at the Nascent Soul stage. From Nascent Soul to Soul Formation. How to understand the true meaning of Soul Formation is a hurdle.

And from Soul Formation to Itinerant Immortal. Then from Itinerant Immortal to True Immortal. And then from True Immortal to a higher realm...the higher realm. In the end, what you often face is the test of your state of mind.

Thinking of this, Wang Muyu couldn't help but feel happy.

It seems like Wang Ling still cares about him very much.

Because his situation is very special. After all, he has relied on the power of his natural bloodline genes to achieve a terrifying state and fighting power that is not suitable for his age. If he does not temper his state of mind at this time, once he becomes possessed in the future, the collapse of his mind will directly make him The realm fell and became a useless person.

"What are you thinking about, little guy? You are smiling so happily." Yi Jianchuan's voice was kind. He originally thought that Wang Muyu was a very calm child and would not be happy because he accepted him as his disciple. But now he saw The little guy suddenly laughed. He couldn't help but feel a little happy in his heart.

Sure enough, he is still a child. The most honest and innocent existence...

"No... nothing. I'm just a little happy." Wang Muyu bowed. Then he knelt down on the bamboo raft and said, "Meet Master."

He has a very high emotional intelligence and does not reveal his inner thoughts at all. And this worship has directly confirmed their fate as master and disciple.

Yi Jianchuan was even more happy. Since he was named Sword Master, he has been looking for a genius who can inherit his legacy. Unexpectedly, it was only now that he got such an extremely talented disciple under the recommendation of Lord Diu Lei.

Now, he really owed Lord Diu Lei and the Office of Strategic Deception a huge favor!

Yi Jianchuan looked at the sky and sighed with some emotion in his heart.

Then, he bent down and helped Wang Muyu up with his own hands: "Get up quickly, good disciple!"

This sound made Wang Muyu's skin crawl all over: "Teacher, I'm still not used to it... Otherwise, you should be like Zhenjun. Just call me Muyu."

"Wooden fish?"

Yi Jianchuan muttered for a while and quickly realized that this was the homophonic pronunciation of "Muyu". He immediately laughed and said, "It's a bit interesting. Compared with children of the same age, your expression is a bit old-fashioned and Muyu. However, I always feel that you are imitating someone and it is not the real you."

I have to say. These words directly exposed Wang Muyu.

Indeed. He doesn't like to show his expressions. He is just imitating Wang Ling. Because it's cool.

But sometimes when he thinks of happy things, he still can't help but show his true colors.

"Muyu, please remember that to practice Taoism, you have to follow your own path. You don't have to imitate anyone, and you don't have to imitate me. In the end, you have to go your own way."

Yi Jianchuan's words have a strong heart and a long way.

This was his first lesson after he officially accepted Wang Muyu as his personal disciple.

Very simple words, but they were like enlightenment. They made Wang Muyu's pupils shrink severely.

"Come. Now I will teach you the Sword I developed myself."

On the bamboo raft, Yi Jianchuan stood with his hands behind his back. The waves of energy from his sword floated up from his feet.

"But teacher, didn't you say that I should go my own way?"

"The master leads you to practice individually. What I just said is the way of practice. It is the great avenue. Sword is just a branch of it. If you want to subdivide it further, Sword can derive countless different methods. Although The world calls me the Sword Master. But after all, this is just a false name."

Yi Jianchuan said: "A true master will always have the heart of an apprentice."

"I understand, teacher." Wang Muyu nodded.

He still knows some sword masters' swords. Although he has never seen it with his own eyes, the Wuji Sword is indeed one of the best in the world.

This sword was passed down to him by his master Jian Immortal Fan Rui. But it was in Yi Jianchuan that the Wuji Sword was truly promoted.

And Wang Muyu knows it very well. Although Wuji Sword is also inferior to Heavenly Dao, it is a rare one among all Heavenly Dao sword techniques. The probability of being able to realize it directly by oneself is very low...

This also means that if the Sword Master can take the Wuji Sword one step closer to another level and glimpse the sword technique Heavenly Dao from the Wuji Sword, then his sword technique Heavenly Dao will also be better than other swordsmanship cultivators. Stronger.

Without further ado, in the next breath, Yi Yi Jianchuan directly started to show Wang Muyu his Wuji Sword.

In an instant, the whole world was in turmoil. It began to change color immediately. The True Immortal realm was so powerful that it could trigger meteorological changes within the scope of a giant city. The clouds in the sky were split. They looked like layers of earthquake clouds. . Leaving thousands of layers of trails in the sky.

At this moment, even the sky was clean. There was not a trace of dust in the dark blue sky. It seemed that people could be sucked in and indulged in it.

The legendary Wuji Sword is a method constructed from all the qi in the world. It is based on sword qi. It can absorb other different qi to condense and eventually transform it into its own power.

Wang Muyu also knew that the Sword Master had a sword hilt, an anti-realm magic weapon. With his Wuji Sword, he could release the "Sword of Victory".

However, looking at it now, he found that Yi Jianchuan seemed to have improved a lot in this way. Now the Wuji Sword he used had almost no playful nature, but a real serious preaching, the kind of shock that caused the celestial phenomena. Wang Muyu really felt that he was serious about teaching.

Buzz!

On the calm lake, a water droplet separated from it, floated up, and then slowly fell to Yi Jianchuan's fingertips like petals.

Wang Muyu saw that he was injecting his gathered energy into this small drop of water.

"Wuji Sword. Drops of water penetrate stone..."

After a moment, he flicked his fingertips, and a water droplet shot directly from his fingertips, heading towards the two-hundred-meter sluice in front.

Wang Muyu originally thought that the entire sluice would be blown down directly. But he found that from a distance, the huge sluice was still in good condition and had not moved at all.

Was it a mistake?

Huh? No...

Soon, Wang Muyu discovered something strange.

Because he saw. Just in this thick sluice, there was a small hole with light!

This was directly penetrated by the drop of water from the sword master's finger!

He is the pinnacle of the ninth level of True Immortal. He can really destroy the city in a fight. Not to mention such a sluice?

This finger looks ordinary, but in fact it has an extremely high control over the precision of the Sword. It only used a water droplet to penetrate the thick sluice. www.uukanshu.net And it only left a bullet hole with the same diameter as the water droplet. .

This is not only something that can be accomplished with the realm and combat power.

The more precise the operation, the higher the mental requirements.

"Muyu. Next, you can try it." After the demonstration, Yi Jianchuan looked at Wang Muyu with a kind face and said patiently.

"Me?" Wang Muyu couldn't believe it.

"I want to see how much you have understood."

"But teacher, you have already punched a hole. Is it really okay to destroy public property..."

"It doesn't matter. I'll fix it myself later."

He laughed: "Come on, Muyu, let me see your understanding. It doesn't matter even if you break out of the hole. The teacher will be responsible."

Wang Muyu: "..."





Chapter 2066 Xiao Yin’s bloody story


Wang Muyu immediately lost his composure when he heard that Yi Jianchuan said he was responsible. Although he was different from his father Wang Ling, he could control his own power.

Of course. The main reason is because he is not as strong as Wang Ling. And even if he doesn't practice, he can become stronger and stronger every day just lying down. So he has to rely on seals.

It's just like a person's skin becomes loose after losing weight too fast. It's a gradual process. The realm is like skin. If you can't keep up with the speed, it will naturally have certain effects.

Although Wang Muyu can control power, in the final analysis he still lacks accuracy. After all, he himself has never fired at this sluice...

I have no idea at all what the appropriate ejection force is.

That's all...

Use the smallest amount of force. As long as it doesn't break down, I can't be blamed.

At this time, a drop of cold sweat flowed down Wang Muyu's cheek. He learned very quickly. It was the Wuji Sword technique that Yi Jianchuan had just used.

His young white palms were aimed at the calm lake behind him and turned slightly. Ripples suddenly appeared on the calm lake. A drop of lake water was picked up by him. It hovered steadily on his finger like a flying leaf on a flower. above the tip.

The Wuji Sword is still far behind the Stegosaurus gene that Wang Muyu has mastered. So Wang Muyu has never learned it.

But even in this situation, his excellent cultivation talent and his own bloodline strength still played an important advantage. He only watched it once and he had completely learned it. All the movements and trajectories were so smooth that it is unimaginable. It was as if he had already perfected the technique. It shocked Yi Jianchuan's heart.

This little guy is actually more talented than he thought.

This is one of the most difficult mental techniques to practice in the Wuji Sword. Although he did not develop it himself, it was passed down from his master sword, Immortal Fanrui. But at that time, it took him a full 10 years to practice it before he reached the level of small. It took 30 years to reach Dacheng...50 years to fully practice this technique to perfection.

At that time, this level of understanding was already astonishing in the eyes of Jian Immortal Fan Rui.

It can be said that he now has the status of a sword master and can become one of the founding fathers of the Huaxiu Nation. The name of Yi Jianchuan as a sword master can be said to be recognized by the earth's cultivation world. He is a sufficiently virtuous and respected existence.

A genius. When does it hit?

That's when he meets another genius stronger than himself...

If Wang Muyu hadn't already been his disciple, Yi Jianchuan felt that although his mentality would not have collapsed, it would definitely be more complicated than it was now.

It took him fifty years...

This little guy learned it after just one look. And his movements were extremely smooth. He was even a bit prettier than him.

Of course, the main reason is that the little guy is good-looking, like a porcelain doll. And Yi Jianchuan has always felt that Wang Muyu looks familiar to him. It always feels like he has met Wang Muyu somewhere.

I probably haven't seen it before. But it looks really familiar. Especially these eyes...

Yi Jianchuan was constantly troubled in his heart.

Because the information Lord Diu Lei gave him was that the little guy was an orphan without a father and a mother. He was currently the adopted great-great-grandson of the old Mr. Sun Yiyuan of the Sun family. He had been living in his ancestral home in the country until recently. From the city.

Because when I picked up the little wooden fish, only the name "Wang Muyu" was left on him. So this name has been kept until now.

Although this also explained to Yi Jianchuan why Wang Muyu is obviously Sun Yiyuan's great-grandson. But I don't know why he always feels that this story is far-fetched...

How could he know? This story is of course far-fetched.

Because the whole experience was basically made up by Xiao Yin, who had just started writing novels after learning from Father Wang, adding extravagant details and following the routines of online novels.

Even Sun Yiyuan's memory was clearly arranged. According to Xiao Yin's setting, it was directly entered into the brain of Mr. Boss Sun without anyone noticing.

You have to do this without anyone noticing.

It is still very easy for Wang Ling. And the most important thing is that Mr. Boss Sun likes Mu Yu very much. Otherwise, implanting memories will inevitably have some side effects of rejection. But the old man likes her enough. Then everything would be easier to handle. In this way, he fully accepted Wang Muyu's bloody life experience.

So the only real thing in the entire identity setting is that Wang Muyu is indeed Sun Yiyuan's great-grandson. And there are formal adoption procedures.

And in order to echo this weird life background fabricated by Xiao Yin, the loopholes in the date were also modified privately by Zhuo Yi.

So Wang Muyu's current identity is indeed that of a genius orphan who grew up on earth and has nothing to do with the dragon clan.

But the sword master's intuition is so strong. Even though such a seamless background story has been formed, he still has doubts.

So, just before Wang Muyu was about to eject the water droplets, Yi Jianchuan asked out of nowhere: "By the way, Muyu, I wanted to ask you when I first met you, have we met somewhere? Or rather. Do you have any brother?"

"No... did the teacher admit his mistake?" Wang Muyu said. He tried hard not to stutter.

After all, he had made an agreement with Wang Ling a long time ago. In order not to cause trouble to Wang Ling, he would never reveal that he knew Wang Ling in front of outsiders.

"I heard that you were brought to the city this time. Is it because you are proficient in alchemy? Did you come up with the idea of the Sun family's Seven Dragon Muyu Pill?"

"Yes." Wang Muyu admitted directly. Because this was a story set for him. There was nothing hard to admit. It was just that there was a mixture of truth and falsehood in it.

He stayed as calm as possible and continued to prepare to eject the water droplets. As a result, the third sentence of the sword master came one after another: "Hey, you said you, Muyu, are so cute and have such a high talent. In my opinion, you Not only is he talented in Sword training, but also in alchemy. Even in other fields, he is not bad at all. He is an all-rounder."

"The teacher gave me a prize. I'm not that good either." Wang Muyu said modestly.

"No, no, no. This is by no means a compliment. I also admit that I have seen many geniuses. But you...are indeed completely different from them. Tell me what your parents thought at the beginning. Why did they just abandon you? ?And you are so smart and have such a talent. I guess your parents are also geniuses."

Yi Jianchuan talked endlessly. The more he read it carefully, the more he felt that it was like one of those bloody romance novels. What kind of genius made a private life-long commitment to an immortal woman, and then married someone else for various reasons. An immortal woman, etc. She failed to find a lover but still insisted on giving birth to a child to recognize her ancestors.

As a result, on the day of delivery, she took the first step due to an accident. The child in her belly lost the last clue to find her father...

Alas. Too pitiful, too miserable...and. too bloody...

Is this really a plot that carbon-based organisms can write...

If this is really the case, the scope is actually very easy to lock in. Although there are many people in the modern world of cultivation, there are only so many geniuses on the pyramid.

Yi Jianchuan felt that by following the elimination method, sooner or later he could help Wang Muyu find his biological parents.

As a little guy’s master, he must know the details and origins of the other person’s biological parents.

So at this moment, he suddenly looked at Wang Muyu and said, "Muyu, do you miss your parents? Maybe I can help you find them."

"ah?"

Wang Muyu was immediately excited when Yi Jianchuan asked the question after a crazy meal.

The most frightening thing is that due to lack of concentration, Wang Muyu's power control was directly out of focus. He couldn't hold back at all. This drop of water directly turned into a laser.

With a whooshing sound, it penetrated the sluice in front...

Boom!

There was a loud noise!

The dazzling light exploded directly with the "qi" condensed in the small water droplet. The two-hundred-meter sluice cracked directly from the middle. It collapsed suddenly!

On the artificial lake. As the huge rocks that were blown up fell into the water, waves rolled on the water. Dozens of water columns rose and fell one after another.

It's hard to believe that Wang Muyu actually blew up the entire sluice with just one finger.

Along with the smoke and dust rising everywhere.

On the bamboo raft, the master and apprentice finally fell into silence. Each was in a mess in the wind...

ps: Qilong Muyu Dan. For a review of the past, please see Chapter 1746 of the novel: Mr. Boss Sun’s little thoughts.





Chapter 2067 Sword Master and Disciple’s Trip to the Great Western Spiritual Sea


Latest website: Wang Muyu didn't know if Yi Jianchuan did it on purpose. He repeatedly asked questions and interfered with him when he was not exerting himself.

He swore that he had worked really hard. He stayed calm and survived the first few problems...

However, when he heard with his own ears that Yi Jianchuan wanted to help him find his biological parents, Wang Muyu finally couldn't stand it any longer.

Looking at the sluice in front of him that had collapsed due to the explosion, Wang Muyu really felt like he didn't know how to explain it.

Alas. After all, my mood is still not calm enough.

He looked for the main reason for this failure. As for the starting move of this trick of dripping water through stone, he thought that he had reproduced it very beautifully after watching it once. The flowing clouds and flowing water were even smoother than Yi Jianchuan's own execution. Slide a little.

The result was unexpected. The car overturned at the last critical moment.

It's impossible to explain. Wang Muyu feels that at times like this, the only way to get through is by acting cute.

"Teacher...I..."

So, when he looked at Yi Jianchuan innocently, he saw the fear in the little guy's eyes that didn't look like a show at all. Even as a sword master, he was immediately obsessed with this cute little guy. Got it.

"Don't be afraid of wooden fish. You...did a good job!" Yi Jianchuan immediately stopped looking at him like he was looking at a little monster and praised directly.

Although Wang Muyu has long been recognized by him as a peerless genius, the spiritual power that was erupted from the drop of water on his finger just now would never be achieved without reaching the Nascent Soul stage.

Yi Jianchuan frowned. He released his spiritual consciousness and began to carefully sense Wang Muyu's spiritual power. As a result, he was shocked.

"Muyu, the teacher is asking you, do you know your cultivation level? Have you ever practiced in any particular way?"

"No. I haven't deliberately practiced..." Wang Muyu replied.

This is not a lie, because he really has no special training. It is mainly because of his bloodline, so he is naturally strong.

However, this answer gave the sword master a big shock.

"Born Golden Core..."

He had not checked Wang Muyu's specific realm before. But now that he had sensed it, he realized that Wang Muyu had already reached the peak of the late Golden Core at such a young age.

If there is no special cultivation result from birth to now, unless one is born with a supreme master of Golden Core, it is absolutely impossible to cultivate to this level at this age.

Of course, this is the result of Wang Muyu's suppression.

If Yi Jianchuan knew his true state, he would probably faint from shock.

"Teacher, this sluice now..."

"It's okay. It's just a sluice gate. This sluice gate has been in disrepair for a long time. It should have been demolished and rebuilt a long time ago. As a retired general, I care about our country's infrastructure construction. There seems to be nothing wrong with it, right?"

"The teacher makes sense..."

Then, Yi Jianchuan gently put his hand on Wang Muyu's shoulder: "Muyu, listen carefully. From now on, you must not do anything easily in front of outsiders. You are too dazzling and easy to be hated by others. Therefore, the teacher wants to remove you. Protect yourself well."

These words played right into Wang Muyu's wish. The little guy immediately agreed: "Okay. All disciples will listen to the teacher."

"Very good." Yi Jianchuan nodded with satisfaction. Then he continued, "But the teacher thinks it is necessary to look for your parents."

"Teacher, actually, this is not that urgent..."

"Hey, I understand...Teacher, I understand everything..." Yi Jianchuan sighed.

Looking at Wang Muyu's cute and well-behaved appearance, he felt a throbbing pain in his heart. He felt even more pitiful for Wang Muyu.

After all, those irresponsible parents cruelly abandoned him for many years. It is normal for the little guy to have no feelings for his biological parents.

But giving birth without nourishment is a sin in itself.

The modern world of cultivation is a society governed by law.

He had to find these two people...

As a sword master, although Yi Jianchuan is old, his passion for upholding justice has never calmed down because of age.

He despises such irresponsible parents the most.

After all, as a sword master, he himself has experienced it himself. For example, his adopted son Yi Jianchuan was also adopted by him.

Therefore, in this regard, as a sword master, Yi Jianchuan always has a special obsession.

"Muyu. The teacher knows that you have no feelings for that couple. And the teacher also knows very well. The person who can give birth to you must not be an ordinary person. Although there are many people in the world of cultivation, there are also geniuses in the head. Just a few."

At this time, Yi Jianchuan looked at him and asked, "Tell the teacher that you have no memory at all about them?"

Hearing this, Wang Muyu felt extremely ashamed. He looked at Yi Jianchuan's extremely serious face and thought that if there was no ending to this matter, he might not be able to get around it.

But in fact, this reality comes just in time...

Because just a few seconds ago, he received an instruction from Wang Ling.

At this moment, the little guy raised his head and said without thinking: "Daxi Ling Sea Area...",

Daxiling sea area?

The legendary restricted area for sailing?

Yi Jianchuan frowned slightly: "Are you sure, Muyu? The current location of our master and apprentice. It is half a world away from the Great Xiling Sea..."

"Sometimes some pictures always flash back in my mind."

Wang Muyu sighed: "Like Daxi Linghai. I don't know if it has anything to do with my parents, but it really appears in my mind."

"Fragmented memory?"

"Yes, teacher...just like a while ago. I also dreamed about the pressure cooker on the bus..."

"Pressure cooker?"

I have to say, the little guy's acting skills were excellent. There was no sense of violation at all. Yi Jianchuan believed it and was stunned on the spot.

Generally, there are only two types of people who can bring a pressure cooker on the bus.

Auntie who likes to make soup...

And a bomb maniac with antisocial personality...

But there are no clues about the bus pressure cooker. And it’s not necessarily a bus in Songhai City.

There are buses traveling across the country. I don’t know if this will be investigated until the Year of the Monkey and the Horse.

"Then besides Daxiling Sea Area, what else can you think of?" Yi Jianchuan asked again.

Because at this time, just having the clue of Daxi Ling Sea Area is not enough.

The Daxi Ling Sea Area is also very vast. That mysterious maritime restricted area is one of the top ten unsolved mysteries in the world of cultivation today. www.uukanshu.net

Full of unknown risks.

But for Yi Jianchuan, as a sword master, he is not afraid.

And that place is on the high seas. No visa is required. If he wants to investigate, he can just go there with his sword.

"Snow White Ship..."

At this time, Wang Muyu gave the information again.

In fact, the snow-white ship he was talking about was actually the Moonlight that Qiao Yanyuan was riding.

"Is it a snow-white ship located in the restricted navigation area of Daxiling Sea...

Yi Jianchuan took a deep breath.

It seems that their first practice mission after meeting master and disciple has come...

7017k





Chapter 2068 Visiting a friend I have never met


Latest website: The restricted navigation zone in the Daxiling Sea is recognized by all major cultivating countries in the world as high seas.

Because the restricted area for navigation is dangerous and mysterious, it is a place that no one has jurisdiction over.

If you were in trouble in the restricted area, no outsiders would come to rescue you. Therefore, for a certain period of time, the restricted area also became a secret gathering place for some criminal gangs.

Those criminal gangs think that as long as they own a ship in this restricted navigation area, they have a perfect haven.

However, the fact is that there are countless cases over the years of people disappearing after entering this restricted area for navigation...

Although Mixiu Country will not provide international rescue to cultivators seeking death trapped in the Hainan Airlines restricted area, it will still conduct close satellite surveillance of this mysterious marine restricted area.

Going back to the most recent date, there was a person who had been in contact with Wang Ling a while ago. He disappeared into this restricted area of navigation...

...

St. Peter's Basilica in the city of Glio. The Archpope calmly lectured from above, repeating his daily work without any flaws.

Ever since Levis was transformed into the appearance of the Great Pope by Wang Ying's "Shadow Film Assimilation Technique" last time, he has been working hard to play the role of the Great Pope every day.

Levis was originally obsessed with supreme power. In the entire Glio City, his position as the Archpope can be said to be extremely powerful. The most important thing is that the Archpope of Glio City is also the uncle of Mixiu Country Yuan Zun.. .

Of course, there are very few people who know this level of identity. And even if they know, they try to keep silent as much as possible. They will not reveal even a word. Otherwise, it is very easy to be liquidated by the Yuan Zun of the Cultivation Country.

In the past, he was obsessed with power. But after he truly gained power, he suddenly found that everything was so empty.

In general, as the Great Pope, there is definitely no shortage of resources for cultivation. Just say hello and you can have whatever you want.

But for Levi, the only uncomfortable point is that as a clergy actor, he can't be close to women...

You must know that in the past, he was the suave president of the Chilan Club in Glio City.

So during the initial period, Levi was extremely uncomfortable because he was pretending to be someone else every day... But now, he found that he seemed to be gradually getting into the role, and he was beginning to get used to the life of being a great pope.

He recited the holy law in the church every day. He only felt that his six sense organs were pure and refreshing. Even his state of mind was much more stable than before. He also vaguely had the posture to break through to the next level.

Of course. In addition to the daily work of the church, as Wang Ying's strongest informant in Glio City for the Office of Strategic Deception, Levis did not forget to share his daily work status and some specific information with the Office of Strategic Deception.

Originally everything was going well, but until a few days ago, he heard a piece of news.

Half a month ago, Glio City experienced a major reshuffle. It was a show that Mixiu Country's Yuan Zun staged together with the wealthy aristocrat Mrs. Raven, who was a powerful influence in the entertainment industry, in order to check and balance the forces of all parties. play.

At that time, the army force to which the legendary general Maikeasi belonged, the Heavenly Dao Alliance, the Tengu and other small forces had all undergone reshuffling and checks and balances.

But just a few days ago, Levi's received news that the legendary general Mike Assi, who was said to have entered the realm of Venerated Immortal, stepped into the restricted area of navigation.

And the most important thing is that three full days have passed. Mecoasi's spiritual power signal has disappeared. It seems that the whole person has been swallowed up by that world.

Maikeasi has become a lot more honest since he was beaten last time. For Mixiu Country, although this legendary general was once very arrogant and arrogant, for Xiu Zhen Country, he is an indispensable fighting force. .

Therefore, Yuan Zun of Mixiu Country was also particularly concerned about the news of Maikoasi's disappearance.

After the satellite magic weapon failed to detect the spiritual power signal of Maikeasi for several days in a row, Levis finally couldn't bear it anymore and relayed the matter to the Office of Strategic Deception.

This is an international long distance call from a few days ago.

Levis was very cautious. He took off the clothes of the Archpope and wore casual clothes. He used a phone booth on the street in Glio to communicate with Lord Diu Lei.

"This is the situation. True Lord."

"Okay. I already know the situation."

"The Yuan Zun over at Mixiu Country can't come forward in person. So I want to find the master privately and go to the forbidden sea area to find the whereabouts of Maikoasi."

"Looking for masters privately?"

Lord Diu Lei instantly understood the meaning.

But the problem is. This doesn't follow the process.

He also knew about the restricted area for navigation. Moreover, he had already visited the Atlantic Ocean before he was the official head of the Office of Strategic Deception. He was still a famous "death-seeking senior" in the world of cultivation.

Although I don’t know why I come out of it alive every time, but there are always people who disappear inexplicably in this restricted area of the sea.

This made Lord Diu Lei think that it might be a hype by some people with ulterior motives.

But now I didn’t expect that even Mixiu Country’s famous legendary general Mike Assi has disappeared into the sea restricted area...

This immediately made Lord Diu Lei feel a little interested.

But obviously, Levi's said that he wanted to find experts privately. But it is impossible for Lord Diu Lei to really send someone from the Office of Strategic Deception there, let alone go there himself. After all, Levi's real identity is the Yuan from Huaxiu Alliance. Your Excellency is currently completely unaware. If the contact is too deep, there may be other hidden risks.

"Let's do it. Brother Li, I will recommend someone. But this person has nothing to do with my Office of Strategic Deception. You should know the specific reason."

"I understand." Levi nodded immediately.

"Besides, if we successfully find Mecoasi, what will be the benefits?"

"On this point, I already tested my nephew before I spoke to Zhenjun. My nephew said that Zhenjun can put forward a condition that I can achieve."

"Okay. I want a 0.001nm Talisman lithography machine. If you don't have one, a 0.01nm one will do."

"I knew that Zhenjun would say this...so I took this as a condition at the beginning."

"What did your nephew say?"

"He said he would give Mecoasi a great burial at sea."

"Hey...this is completely insincere."

Lord Diu Lei sighed and said with a wry smile: "Well then. I happen to have a job here, and it happened to be a little hindered. It might be a lot more convenient if I have your nephew."

"So. What does Zhenjun want?"

"A pass to assist in the investigation of the Mishu Alliance Interstellar Department. I want to collect some information about meteorites."

"This should be easier to deal with than the previous conditions. I think there will be no problem in negotiating."

...

The call was interrupted. Lord Diu Lei rubbed his eyebrows. He had many other tasks to handle at the moment.

In addition to helping Wang Ling investigate all meteorite matters. Now he also wants to go to the beach.

This is also what Wang Ling means.

In fact, he would go even without Wang Ling's instructions.

He is going to visit a friend he has never met. www.uukanshu.net

The sea water is cold. But sometimes it is not as cold as the human heart.

It is ever-changing. Just standing on the shore can make people see all the emotions.

It's real. It's not that complicated. The endless sea is full of traces surrounded by sunlight.

It's deep. But it doesn't seem so bottomless.

Maybe. This is why that friend likes the sea.

At this time, joy, anger, sorrow, and joy may no longer be important.

Because everything in front of him is the most beautiful scenery in the world...

A friend I have never met. I wish you endless warmth in your future.

7017k





Chapter 2069 The stormy waters of Daxiling


Latest website: Although the triangular maritime restricted area in the Daxiling Sea is something that major cultivating countries will not easily get involved in, it is not easy to go directly to that restricted area.

Because there are many small Xiu Zhen countries on the way to the sea restricted area. And each of the small Xiu Zhen countries has its own territorial waters.

After all, in the eyes of most modern cultivators, going to that dangerous zone recognized by the cultivation world is a pure act of seeking death.

If the truth is revealed, who are you? Which of the surrounding cultivating countries will be responsible for this matter? It really becomes unclear.

After all, in the long history of cultivation, there are not many cases where the surrounding small cultivation countries have been violated.

So usually there are two ways to go along this road.

The first is to obtain the customs registration of the respective cultivating countries. Obtain the international pass to the restricted sea area. This filing will be automatically entered into the International Federation of Cultivators as a notarization.

To put it simply, this is an international certificate of life and death personally signed by one's own country of cultivation. This means that if this person has this international pass, if something really happens in the restricted area of the sea, he will not be able to communicate with other surrounding cultivators. There is no relationship between the two countries. This directly eliminates the possibility of conflict.

The second method is to go directly to the free route. On the free route, you can perfectly avoid neighboring countries and will not cause any international disputes. The only disadvantage is that the route is very long and will take many unnecessary detours.

For many monks who rush to the restricted sea area to die because of their strong curiosity, the unit time seems not so cost-effective. Moreover, there may be many other problems encountered on the free route. For example, pirate robbery, Attacks by Neptune-like spiritual beasts, extreme weather leading to yaw, and other unpredictable disasters...

Once you get into trouble, your supplies may soon be exhausted. You may be out of breath before you even enter the restricted area.

...

This is a rare mission that Zhang Zhui performs alone. In many previous missions assigned by Lord Diu Lei, he has always partnered with Li Xian to perform tasks together.

So Zhang Zhui was not used to going on missions alone.

As for Li Xian, he was unable to go to the restricted area with Zhang Zhui this time to find the missing general Maico Assi. This was mainly because Li Xian’s unique research on meteorites could assist Lord Diu Lei in carrying out those extraterrestrial missions in recent years. Investigation of meteorites.

Songhai Customs Registration Office.

Zhang Zhui submitted all his information. As an Eternal, his identity information has already been entered into the Huaxiu Citizen System. It was obtained with the help of Lord Diu Lei and Zhuo Yi, giving him legal status in modern life. identity.

Everything was going smoothly at first. However, he got stuck in the final review process.

A total of three audits are required to issue an international pass. The first two auditors are Chinese from Huaxiu. The last auditor is sent from the International Association of Cultivators and will be changed from time to time to ensure the fairness of the audit.

But irregular changes mean that each auditor has a different temperament. Like the one Zhang Zhui met now, he is particularly serious.

"Your occupation is an anti-pocketing consultant. If you don't guide anti-pocketing work, why are you going to the sea area?" The auditor grabbed the stamp in his hand. Obviously he only needed to stamp it. But in the end, he was stunned. It became a cross-examination.

Zhang Zhui sighed silently. He was actually very annoyed by such nosy aspects. But this was the last step. He had to be patient and said: "I'm sorry, fellow Taoist. I feel like this is my privacy." "

"Regardless of whether you keep it private or not, you always have to ask clearly for the reason. I see that the reason item is empty. This is against the rules."

"Because it's not required."

"But I have obsessive-compulsive disorder. I just want to fill in the blank."

"..."

Zhang Zhui sighed helplessly and said: "Someone stole my things and hid in the restricted area. So I have to find him."

"You, a consultant of the anti-pocketing team, have your things stolen? Your profession is also fake, right?" Auditor Number 3 stared at Zhang Zhui and said suspiciously.

To be honest, Zhang Zhui actually had some guilty conscience. But he was also an old man. He didn't show it directly. He just smiled.

As a result, this person was still reluctant: "The photo on your profile. Is that you?"

Zhang Zhui nodded: "It was me. At that time, I was still very white."

"But let me tell you, this is not you. You should know that photos that have been beautified with a beauty camera cannot be used for international materials according to regulations." The Number 3 auditor smiled evilly and immediately turned to Zhang Zhui. Stretch out a hand. Open your palm.

Zhang Zhui is not completely ignorant of the ways of the world. As soon as this action came out, he seemed to know the man's intention. He smiled coldly and pretended to be confused: "So, what do you mean?"

"Do you really not understand? Or are you pretending not to understand?"

"Sorry. I don't want to understand."

Zhang Zhui rolled his eyes and didn't bother to talk to this person anymore.

This was the first time he had seen such a blatant request. Of course, it was not Zhang Zhui who was stingy. How could he not understand this person's sophistication? He just simply felt that this person deserved a beating. He just didn't want to follow this person's wishes.

If the international pass application cannot be approved, then for Zhang Zhui, there is only one way left - free flight.

Although for many modern monks, the journey of the free route is much longer than that of following the normal process. Moreover, various uncertain accidents are prone to occur on the road.

But Zhang Zhui still has confidence. He is an immortal. What kind of scene has he not seen?

...

So just a few days later, Zhang Zhui arrived at the sea restricted area almost at the same time as Yi Jianchuan and Wang Muyu. Zhang Zhui did not encounter any major risks along the way. The main problem was that he did not know the way and deviated several times. It was only because of the delay that we missed the original route.

At the mouth of the sea that officially leads to the restricted sea area, there is a small floating island called Yama Island.

Many monks will organize themselves on the island before choosing to enter the restricted sea area.

But when Zhang Zhui came here today, this small island was so crowded that he was completely confused.

This year, there are so many monks who choose to go to the sea restricted area to commit suicide?

"Fellow Taoist, what happened? The people gathered here seem to be a little out of character..." He stopped one person and asked, and then gave a bag of spiritual stones as a thank you. www.uukanshu.net

This was something he got from this person when he was questioning him. Then he replaced the outer skin with lightning speed. The young monk was careless about taking precautions and did not check carefully. He went straight to Zhang Zhui. Of course.

When he saw Zhang Zhui taking the initiative to offer him a favor, he said happily with a face full of joy: "Fellow Taoist, you don't know something. Most of the people who come to the island now are here to join in the fun."

"Joining in on the fun?"

"Don't know? There are rumors that the famous Sword Master of the Huaxiu Kingdom has accepted a disciple. He also plans to take the disciple to the sea restricted area. Everyone came after hearing the news. They all want to see Sword Master Yi and him. The true face of my apprentice."

While introducing the situation to Zhang Zhui, the man smiled and said: "The signal here is poor. If you open the circle of friends now, you will know. In the circle of friends now, half of the people are in Universal Studios, and the other half are in the circle of friends." On this Yama Island."

Zhang Zhui: "..."

7017k





Chapter 2070: Follow the boss


On Yama Island at the entrance to the restricted sea area, so many monks gathered here. Such a scene has never been seen before.

Zhang Zhui learned that in fact, in the past, many monks would choose to stay on this Yama Island. Like most people, these monks were loose cultivators without belonging. And many of them came from different cultivation countries. But let Zhang Zhui was surprised that so many people from different cultivation countries gathered on such a small island. They all spoke Mandarin from the Huaxiu country.

As we all know, the Chinese culture is extensive and profound. Nowadays, Mandarin has become a common language in the international cultivation world. This just shows the growing international status of Huaxiu.

It is indeed different from what it used to be...

Zhang Zhui sighed inwardly. Compared with the Eternal Period, although the Eternal Ones at that time were extremely powerful and frequently destroyed planets, they were still in chaos.

Today's earth. In the world of modern scientific cultivation. With the popularization of the national cultivation education system, people today are living a peaceful and comfortable life. Even though their realm and combat power are not as good as those of eternity, such a life is actually quite good.

Youdao means simplicity. Smooth and simple daily life can often best reflect the simplest sense of happiness.

As a person of eternity, the more Zhang Zhui understands modern life, the more he understands why Wang Ling chooses to work silently behind the scenes to protect this world.

A happy life is hard to come by. It’s just that there are always people carrying the burden behind you.

"I think it's not as if these people are just waiting for the Sword Master?" Zhang Zhui looked around and continued to ask.

He stared at the monk in front of him and continued to persecute him. He quietly took away the spiritual stones from this man and gave him a bag containing the spiritual stones. The raccoon cat was exchanged for the prince.

Seeing Zhang Zhui, this man took the initiative to send money again. He was so happy that he couldn't close his mouth. He no longer concealed anything: "It seems that this fellow Taoist is a new arrival. He doesn't know much about the situation on Yama Island. You don't know something. What's ahead? That area of the sea is restricted. But there is a wall."

"Yes. I know." Zhang Zhui nodded. He has extraordinary strength. Naturally, he can feel the invisible wall of spiritual power.

"This triangular spiritual wall surrounding the restricted sea area in the Daxi Ling Sea is said to have been built jointly by 119 cultivators. The purpose was to completely block this restricted sea area. That's why they have chosen to commit suicide over the years. Monk, the lowest level is also Soul Formation. This spiritual wall is very high. It is impossible to climb over without Soul Formation."

As the insider explained, he glanced at the three monks sitting cross-legged in front of him: "Did you see it? Those three people. It is said that they came to the island a long time ago and have been sitting here cross-legged."

"But their realms have all gone through Soul Formation. They can be easily overcome." Zhang Zhui nodded.

"It's easy to climb over the wall, but it's not easy to survive in the restricted area. So these three people are waiting for the opportunity." The man added.

At this point, Zhang Zhui finally understood.

These three people obviously planned to catch a big boss and follow them to look for opportunities in the restricted area of the sea.

To put it bluntly, this means that you don’t have the guts to take risks alone in the restricted area of the sea. But you have the courage to go to the restricted area of the sea with the help of a big boss and gain experience from behind. Not only do you have the courage, but you are also very brave!

Although it would be a bit shameless to do so, the problem is to save one's life.

And truly powerful people are usually quite helpless with this kind of brown candy. The modern world of cultivation emphasizes the rule of law. Powerful people are also very difficult to be trusted. They are always subject to the supervision of public opinion.

If you rely on your own high level to suppress low-level cultivators, once the video is captured and uploaded to the Internet, then a wave of malicious editing will be carried out, starting from the beginning to the end. A huge public opinion war will soon be set off. A social death scene.

Regardless of whether you are a powerful person or not, it is certain that you will live on another planet.

Therefore, Zhang Zhui also discovered that the ancient theory of fighting only is not very feasible in the modern world of cultivation in some specific situations. The higher the level of people, the more they must have such a sense of caution in words and deeds.

Because most of the people who hide behind the screen and output wildly are almost shady.

Very helpless. But this is also reality.

"Thank you, fellow Taoist."

Zhang Zhui patted the man's shoulder. Then he delicately walked towards the three casual cultivators who were sitting cross-legged.

"Hahaha. Why are you thanking me? Thank you, boss!" The man was also polite. He waved goodbye to Zhang Zhui. He just wanted to count the spiritual stones on his body to see how much he had earned this time. As a result, after counting, he found himself The amount has not changed at all. On the contrary, there are two more bags for spiritual stones...

What's going on?

The man looked confused. Then he quickly realized that he had just met a liar!

What a guy... you actually got information from him!

But what does this person look like?

At this time, the poor brother who was deceived was in a daze. He felt that he had lost his memory. Not only could he not remember Zhang Zhui's face, but he also forgot his voice...

...

Erasing memory is certainly not difficult for Zhang Zhui, the Eternal One. He had already cleared that person's impression of him with just a tap on his shoulder.

To be fair, it wasn't considered stealing. After all, it was all that person's money. And all the money was returned.

There is no such kind and innocent person as him in this world.

He was moved by himself in his heart. He also quickly moved to the side of the three casual cultivators who were meditating.

Zhang Zhui knows that two of these three people are about to reach the end of their lives. That is to say, if there is no breakthrough before the end of time, death will be waiting for them once their life span is over.

And this is why these two casual cultivators who were about to reach their end of life chose to take the risk and enter the restricted sea area.

Zhang Zhui finally understood these two people.

However.

There are also things he can't understand.

For example, the third person sitting next to these two Daxian monks.

This person's aura is restrained. He obviously hides his true realm. And the most important thing is that this person's aura is long and long. It doesn't look like he is about to die at all. Both his realm and lifespan are better than those of the two next to him. He was much higher in cultivation, but now he was sitting here with the same posture as the two people, which made Zhang Zhui feel a little curious.

He looked at this man with his eyes slightly closed. He was obviously a man, but he had long eyelashes, a straight nose, and skin as fair as jade. His hair was tied up and fell naturally down his head. Even so, he didn't look feminine at all. There was something about the clear edges and corners. Remarkably full of masculinity.

Zhang Zhuixu narrowed his eyes. What surprised him the most was that he couldn't see through this person's face. Because this person was wearing a mask, and with his eyesight, he couldn't see the face under the mask.

While he was looking around like this, the man wearing a mask opened his eyes and looked sideways at him: "Is something wrong?"

Zhang Zhui looked surprised. He pointed at himself: "You ask me?"

"Of course I'm asking you."

The man's voice was cold. His tone could not be said to be tough. Instead, it sounded magnetic and confident.

Zhang Zhui became interested and asked hurriedly: "Nothing. I just want to ask if this Taoist friend has any relationship with the two Taoist friends next to him. If not, how about walking with me?"

He paused. Then he said: "I saw that the upper half of your face looks somewhat similar to an old friend I know."





Chapter 2071 A familiar friend


Latest website: This was definitely not Zhang Zhui's deliberate attempt to get close. Instead, he really felt that the person in front of him looked familiar. And given his state of mind, he could not clearly see the half of his face hidden under the mask. Zhang Zhui almost thought of something very quickly. possibility.

That is this person. There is a high probability that he is also an Eternal One.

There is a physical attraction between Eternals. And currently, it seems that the average level of cultivators on the earth is not that high. In fact, it is easy to tell whether the other person is an Eternal.

No matter how well you hide your aura, there will still be flaws after all.

When Zhang Zhui was originally trapped in the Supreme Corpse Map, he thought that all the Eternals had been captured by Dao Ancestor Wang. As a result, more and more cases later proved that some of the Eternals managed to escape by chance. Seal the Corpse Map of Dao Ancestor.

For example, the three Eternals who had previously surrendered to the Holy Clan. The Lion-headed Man of the Lion Clan, Meng Liuli of the Dream Clan, and the Skeleton King, the prince of the Undead. All three of them have royal blood. After losing their protection, they had to rely on The slightly stronger saint races in the universe are just surviving.

But now, they have all been recruited by Wang Ling.

According to common sense, a normal person would definitely feel disgusted by such a shameless approach like Zhang Zhui. But the young man in front of him showed an unusual calmness.

Usually, the more this is the case, the more it illustrates the problem.

Zhang Zhui became somewhat interested in the person in front of him. He crossed his arms and said with a smile: "In the world of cultivation, the old are respected and the young are respected. You really don't know any etiquette."

"The moon spirit is in danger."

After a long while, he opened his mouth without raising his eyes, directly introduced himself to his family, and said his name.

After a pause, he added: "I'm just a passerby here to join in the fun. I have nothing to do with the two dying men next to me."

puff!

The words came out in a shocking way. There were people drinking water around them, and they spurted it out in one gulp.

In fact, anyone who has made some achievements in cultivation can see that the end of these two people is approaching. They are eager to break through, so they plan to hug the leg of a certain boss and break into the legendary restricted sea area to seek immortal fate.

But to say directly to their faces that these two people are about to die is a bit like saying nothing and continuing to die.

For Daxian monks, such words are undoubtedly a taboo. Therefore, even if many people know it in their hearts, they will not say it directly in front of so many people.

Seeing through can't be revealed. This is also one of the rules for survival in the world of cultivation...

The two monks were meditating well at first, but they were stunned by Yue Lingwei's words.

You can see that the corners of their mouths and eyes are twitching violently. They seem to be ready to take action at any time.

But in the end, the two of them endured it.

They didn't know Yue Lingwei, and they had never heard of such a person in the casual cultivator world. However, this person had a reserved aura. It was not easy to provoke them, as they both had a clear conscience.

The closer the deadline is, the more calm you have to be. Otherwise, the deadline may come early before you can break through. This is an act that outweighs the gains and losses.

A small fluctuation caused almost all eyes on Yama Island to focus on the direction of Zhang Zhui and Yue Lingwei.

Originally, many of the people who gathered on the island today were busybodies who loved to join in the fun. Everyone thought that there would be a fight before the legendary sword master arrived. But it turned out that the two monks who were approaching their end of life chose not to take action. Then there were looks of disappointment on their faces.

"Hey, I don't dare to do it. It's so boring now. I would have to start doing it in a minute." Someone said.

In the harmonious society of modern cultivation, monks must of course abide by the rule of law. They cannot take action directly. If they start a fight on the street, they will be punished directly for the crime of picking quarrels and provoking trouble.

But this is Yama Island. It is just in front of the restricted sea area. This place and the restricted sea area in front are areas that do not belong to any cultivation country. Even if you fight here, no one will arrest you.

Therefore, in everyone's opinion, there is only one reason for not taking action. That is cowardice.

After waiting boredly on the island for most of the day, Zhang Zhui found that more and more idle monks from the surrounding major cultivation countries had gathered here.

He had not felt it when he lived in the Huaxiu country. Now that he had witnessed it with his own eyes, he was surprised by the influence of this sword master.

It's truly amazing. And a little bit beyond expectations.

It is not surprising that a person has made great achievements in his own cultivation country. But if he is famous in cultivation countries around the world, this shows his prestige in the current cultivation world.

Boom!

On the sea level in the distance. With the afterglow of the setting sun, the distant sea line was burned red. Along with the rolling waves, an old man wearing a white training suit and a trademark red belt stepped on the huge waves. Come.

It's the Sword Master!

Someone immediately exclaimed.

This proves that the rumors are true. Otherwise, how could the Sword Master appear at the entrance to the restricted sea area without any reason?

At the same time, many people have focused their attention on Yi Jianchuan. The reputation of the Sword Master is well-known. There have been rumors of recruiting true disciples for a long time. As a result, the rumors were broken. Now it is the Sword Master's own strength. Tell the world. Show in front of the media that you have found a true disciple.

Therefore, many people are curious and want to see the true face of this true disciple.

You can see that just above the giant waves Yi Jianchuan is stepping on, there is a huge water polo behind him.

"It's a disciple of the Sword Master. He's inside!"

On Yama Island. At this moment, all the casual cultivators gathered were as excited as if they had been given a shot of chicken blood.

Only Zhang Zhui, Yue Lingwei and the two casual cultivators whose deadlines were approaching remained calm.

None of the four of them took action. They didn't even look in the direction where the Sword Master came from on the waves.

Zhang Zhui felt this was strange from the beginning.

Although his mission was to go to the restricted sea area to find the missing Maikoasi, he took a long detour because he failed to pass the customs. So he arrived at the entrance of the restricted sea area at about the same time as Sword Master and Wang Muyu.

But because he is from the Office of Strategic Deception, Zhang Zhui knows the situation with Wang Muyu very well.

The Sword Master only released the news that he had accepted a true disciple. www.uukanshu.net did not mention who this person was, let alone any subsequent training plans.

So how do the group of people gathered on Yama Island now know?

Who leaked the news behind the scenes? And it was precisely because Zhang Zhui felt something was fishy that he didn't rush to the sea restricted area to find Maicoasi.

Protecting Wang Muyu was more important to Zhang Zhui than that of Maico Assi. So Zhang Zhui decided to stay here the moment he felt something fishy after arriving on the island.

He had to wait and see. At least he had to cover the entrance of Juggernaut and Wang Muyu in full public view.

"Kill!"

Just as he was thinking, some of the people watching the excitement on the island finally couldn't hide themselves. These people were organized and had plans. They were just waiting for the moment when the sword master arrived to reveal their sinister look!

One after another, they transformed into streams of light and shot out from the island. Their targets were directly at Yi Jianchuan and Wang Muyu!





Chapter 2072 Wang Muyu: I was careless!


Latest website: A few minutes before approaching Yama Island, Wang Muyu felt the crowds on the island. Because his true identity is a dragon. The dragon's naturally powerful perception also makes him particularly sensitive to all malice.

He never showed the slightest hint of timidity. He calmly watched Yi Jianchuan wrap himself up in a water prison built with a sword energy barrier.

"Teacher. So you knew it early in the morning?"

Wang Muyu asked. He asked in a soft and cute voice that people couldn't ignore.

He knew that he had been tricked again. On the artificial lake, Yi Jianchuan kindly wanted to help him find his parents. He also kept asking about the images of his so-called parents in his memory.

All this care and kindness is probably just a well-planned arrangement.

And Wang Muyu felt that regardless of whether this disciple was him or not, Yi Jianchuan would bring that "disciple" here in the end.

There is no other reason. Just imagine. The sword master who has not accepted a true disciple for thousands of years suddenly accepted a disciple.

And this is what just happened today.

Just as they were about to set off, hundreds of people appeared on Yama Island who heard the news and came to join in the fun.

Where did this group of people get the information?

Not to mention the gathering speed is so fast. There are also some "masters" among them who are not considered masters in Wang Muyu's eyes.

"Muyu. I didn't lie to you when I said I wanted to find your parents."

Yi Jianchuan said. He seemed to know from Wang Muyu's sigh what the little one in front of him was thinking: "It's just me. I do have other purposes."

After all, he still told the truth to Wang Muyu.

Because he knew clearly that the little guy in front of him was unusual. If you beat around the bush, it would arouse resentment. It would be better to say it directly, which would make it clearer.

Some things need to be said. Concealing them will actually become a hidden danger.

"I have always suspected that someone is spying on you." Yi Jianchuan said.

"Someone is actually spying on you?" Wang Muyu raised his eyebrows curiously.

He was very talented and understood everything almost instantly: "So you chose to meet me in such a secluded place today. Just to test whether the news will leak out?"

"Not bad." Yi Jianchuan nodded.

He originally thought that the person watching him from behind might take action in the restricted area of the sea. But now it seems that the other party may have some scruples in the restricted area of the sea.

Therefore, he chose to gather these people to ambush him at the mouth of the sea. On the surface, they were busybodies who came to join in the fun. In fact, they were instigated by others and their only intention was to ambush him.

But to be honest, Wang Muyu still can't understand this situation.

The Qingfeng Mansion is indeed a secluded place. Given Wang Muyu's insight, it is impossible for him to be unaware that someone is monitoring the situation there.

After all, in terms of combat power, although Wang Muyu is young, he is still at the level of the universe.

That is an existence that transcends levels, planes, and dimensions. Based on the current level of monks on earth, except for his father Wang Ling and his sister-in-law Wang Nuan, anyone who uses spiritual consciousness to monitor wants to completely avoid him. This is a fantasy.

Unless...there is still a master like his father Wang Ling. His aunt Wang Nuan hidden on this earth!

At that moment, Wang Muyu's thoughts were racing.

He even thought about the possibility that Father Wang might have given birth to a nuclear bomb outside because of his extramarital affair...

After all, it is possible to completely avoid his perception. It is really rare for a being to monitor everything without any awareness.

So... just when Wang Muyu was puzzled and couldn't figure out who else on this earth except a few specific people could have such a powerful spiritual scanning ability.

Yi Jianchuan slowly took out something from his white training clothes that was beyond Wang Muyu's expectation but within reason.

This is something in the shape of a leaf. The reason why I say this is because you can tell with the naked eye that this thing is not a leaf at all!

Because no leaf can have such a precise chip pattern. Although this leaf is extremely lifelike and as thin as a cicada's wings, the high-tech feel on it still makes Wang Muyu speechless.

"Teacher. This is..."

"This is. Modern cultivation technology."

"..." Wang Muyu discovered that he was still young after all.

Although he was born in this modern world of cultivation that is full of high technology, the genes in his bones actually originated from eternity.

After all, I am still limited in my thinking... I have not ruled out the infinite possibilities brought by the modern cultivation background. I just think about whether the other party is using spiritual consciousness to test.

It turned out that modern cultivation technology was used...

Too careless.

He was careless!

"This is a very elaborate disguised surveillance camera."

"..."

"I told you before that when the sword's intention is clear, it can turn everything into a sword and ride on the wind. This principle is the same when it is used on this sophisticated modern technological equipment."

The sword master said this. Then he took out something that looked like a lake crab from his clothes.

"Teacher, please tell me this is..."

"As you can see, this is a lake crab that looks like a lake crab on the surface. It's actually a very elaborate disguised monitor."

As soon as he finished speaking, Yi Jianchuan took out a mineral water bottle filled with lake water from his clothes.

Wang Muyu's little face showed great confusion at first. Then it turned into horror: "No way... this is also a sophisticated surveillance equipment?"

"You have a low level of wooden fish. This time the disguise is not in the bottle itself. It is inside the bottle."

Yi Jianchuan said unusually calmly: "Have you seen the mayfly in this water bottle? This is a very exquisite disguised monitor."

"..."

Hearing this, Wang Muyu was completely confused. He had no idea that the sophisticated technology of modern cultivation had actually developed to this point.

"These have been discovered. There should be others that have not yet been discovered."

"Then there should be no surveillance now, right?" Wang Muyu asked while carefully checking the surroundings.

This time he took into account the factors of these modern technologies and directly used the ability of the magnetic dragon to release pulse waves. Under such a magnetic shock wave, even the most sophisticated technological equipment would be destroyed in an instant.

"Now, I think there is no such thing." Yi Jianchuan said with half-closed eyes.

At his level, it is not difficult to avoid being seen by these surveillance equipment. All he needs to do is release his sword energy and sweep across a large area around him.

Qingfeng Mansion is an important venue for Huaxiu to receive international and foreign guests. In particular, the area where the ten generals often stay and rest should undergo strict and thorough inspections to ensure that there is no possibility of being monitored by foreign parties.

But even in that environment, he was still surrounded by so many "very exquisite disguised monitors". That was very thought-provoking.

At the beginning, Yi Jianchuan even guessed that it might be the meaning of the uppermost adult. But now he used the matter of accepting a disciple to test it. The fox's tail hidden by the other party was instantly exposed.

These hired people come from all walks of life. They are not organized at all. They are formed by casual cultivators.

Now they are gathering on the island. After receiving the information, they plan to take action against them.

Sword Masters are difficult to deal with. Therefore, among the casual cultivators on this island, there are naturally masters who can rival Yi Jianchuan.

"So teacher, are these people here for you or for me?" Wang Muyu asked curiously, staring at the crowd of people on the island.

"It's not clear yet. Maybe it's a problem left by my junior brother. www.uukanshu.net I just didn't expect that there would be casual cultivators in the Venerated Immortal realm on this small island today..."

Yi Jianchuan sighed: "Muyu, are you afraid?"

"There is no fear in the teacher's expression. Of course I am not afraid either." Wang Muyu said without hesitation.

There is indeed a Venerated Immortal on the island. But I don't know why. Wang Muyu just has great confidence in Yi Jianchuan. I always feel that this old man is very mysterious, as if he is hiding something.

To say the least, no matter how bad things go, there are still acquaintances of his on this island.

He saw Zhang Zhui from a long distance away.

The two looked at each other from afar, glanced at each other, and smiled tacitly.

Venerated Immortal?

So what...

The masters on this island are not just casual cultivators.





Chapter 2073 Legendary Loose Cultivator Hong 4 Wonders


On Yama Island, the casual cultivators who originally said they were just here to join in the fun, when they saw the Sword Master approaching, turned into streams of light and shot forward.

However, these are just a mob after all. The key figure is still there, the casual cultivator Venerated Immortal who has been hiding from the beginning. He is hiding on the island.

The first Venerated Immortal on Earth is Zhenyuan. Now Zhenyuan has made friends with Wang Ling. His realm has already surpassed that of Venerated Immortal.

However, for the vast majority of monks on the earth currently, the realm of Venerated Immortal after the ninth level of True Immortal is the new god of the earth.

The gap in realm is often insurmountable. The gap between True Immortal and Venerated Immortal is naturally extremely obvious.

No matter how powerful True Immortal is, it is only limited to the Earth.

And to reach Venerated Immortal. As long as you have enough resource reserves, you can start a short interstellar journey in the universe.

This alone is enough to judge the huge abyss-like level gap between the two.

A casual cultivator can directly enter the Venerated Immortal realm after completing the upgrade on the earth. This is enough to prove that the opponent must have been in the realm of the ninth level of True Immortal before the upgrade. And he must have accumulated the air and sea spiritual power for a long time. Otherwise, it is impossible to be in the realm after the upgrade. Complete the level of Venerated Immortal in a short period of time.

You can count the number of Venerated Immortals on the earth now with open hands. The lost Meikoasi from Glio City is said to be the first person to be promoted to Venerated Immortal after the upgrade.

What makes people feel even more ironic now is that it is outrageous that this first person would actually lose himself in the restricted area of the sea.

Zhang Zhui crossed his arms. So far, he had been just watching the excitement. He would only take action when necessary.

He also wanted to see if this legendary sword master had anything hidden.

"Kill!"

All the cultivators took action. The lowest realm among them was the peak of the ninth level of Nascent Soul. The light effects of various magic weapons in the raised hands were intertwined into one piece. The spiritual energy spread directly in the void, covering the air in brilliance.

A seemingly fierce melee was about to break out.

But Yi Jianchuan's expression didn't change at all. The purpose of his trip to the restricted sea area was to test who was the mysterious Party A who had been monitoring him behind the scenes and now launched a siege against him and his newly acquired disciple Wang Muyu. .

On this basis, we must also help Wang Muyu search for useful clues in the restricted sea area to find his biological parents.

The prerequisite for finding his biological parents is that he can only win this battle! He cannot lose!

I saw him gently raising his hand. A ball of sea water was condensing on his fingertips following the sword intention.

Bang!

The next moment, the seawater mass split apart in his hands. Drops of water mixed with the sword intent of the Wuji Sword separated from it. Then, in the process of striking back at high speed in all directions, they turned into small swords that were almost difficult to see with the naked eye.

Small swords condensed from sea water droplets are as thin as gossamer. They are directly aimed at all the besieging people in the field and swept out.

It only took a moment. The casual cultivators who attacked from the sky fell like locusts one after another. Their thighs were pierced. Their skin and flesh were torn open, and blood flowed freely.

Wang Muyu could see that Yi Jianchuan actually did not want the lives of these people.

And this happens to be the most cunning part of this besieger.

Choose to do it in front of the entrance to the sea in the restricted area.

If they really enter the sea restricted area, it will be a matter of life and death. Even if they are killed directly, there will be no problem.

But Yama Island. Although this is an open public island that does not belong to any cultivation country, it is still within the constraints of {International Cultivation Law}.

If there were a large number of casual cultivators who died here, it would probably be detrimental to Huaxiu Country in terms of public opinion in the international cultivation world. Those remote cultivation countries like to add fuel to the fire on some issues, confuse right and wrong, and even directly make up stories and add all kinds of magical magic. The underworld filter maliciously edits some originally normal scenes into horror films.

Phew! Phew! Phew!...

The Wuji Sword's sword intent and water droplets of sword intent swept in all directions one after another. This move almost completely cleared out the casual cultivators in an instant.

Yi Jianchuan did not kill anyone.

But those who were injured no longer dare to take action. True Immortal is the ninth level peak state. Before the earth upgrades, it is the strongest state on earth that no one dares to challenge easily.

But now after the upgrade, things have changed in the eyes of some people.

Not far away, a young man who had been sitting cross-legged in the darkness of the island for a long time opened his eyes.

Before, he had always kept his aura to hide himself very well. He thought he was perfectly hidden. But Zhang Zhui and Wang Muyu had smelled this smell from a long way away.

Before meeting Yue Lingwei, Zhang Zhui had already determined that in addition to Yue Lingwei, who was suspected of being the Eternal One, there was another Venerated Immortal master.

But at this time, he still pretended not to know. He looked at Yue Lingwei with the face of a curious baby: "Hey? Why don't you join? It turns out that you are not the one who set up the plan to assassinate the sword master and his disciples?"

Yue Lingwei rolled his eyes secretly. The corner of his mouth under the mask twitched violently. He felt that Zhang Zhui's deliberate probing was too low.

As long as people are not stupid, they can almost guess that this is a lie.

Perhaps to avoid misunderstanding, Yue Lingwei took a deep breath and said coldly: "I never wanted to do it. But if you want to know who did it, I can tell you."

"Who is it?"

"Legendary Loose Cultivator. Hong Siqi."

"Never heard of it." Zhang Zhui shook his head.

"You must be a casual cultivator too. You haven't even heard of Hong Siqi's name." Yue Lingwei has not yet spoken. The two cultivators next to him who were directly called "dying people" by Zhang Zhui are almost Said in unison.

Suddenly, Zhang Zhui discovered something interesting: "Eh? You two are twins?"

"So what?"

"My name is Ouyang Miaokun."

"My name is Ouyang Fenkun."

The two of them introduced each other.

"I'm sorry. I've never heard your names."

Zhang Zhuo clasped his hands and clasped his fists. He thought these brothers were quite interesting.

He had previously called the two of them dying people. It was indeed a bit impolite. But the two of them held back and did not fall out. They even answered his questions as usual.

With this little bit of charisma, Zhang Zhui thinks that the probability of these two successfully breaking through the limit and reaching Venerated Immortal status can be at least 2% higher.

"There are so many casual cultivators in this world. Everyone's way of life is different. They are not from the casual cultivator circle. I don't know that my two brothers are normal. But you should know the name Hong Siqi."

I heard Ouyang Miokun, the slightly thinner one of the two, say: "Zhuo Yi. You always know, right?"

"City hero. Today's legend. Defeat the demon king. Of course I know this." Zhang Zhui laughed.

"You only know one but not the other."

Ouyang Miaokun said: "There have been rumors in the casual cultivator community. It is said that Zhuo Yi has accomplished so many feats. It is all because there is a master behind it."

"Oh? Is there another way to say this?" At this moment, Zhang Zhui's eyes really lit up. He felt as if he could eat a big melon.

"Can't you think of it? There are even more things you can't think of!"

Ouyang Miaokun laughed and said, "Actually, this Hong Siqi is the master of Zhuo Yi!"

Zhang Zhui: "???"





Chapter 2074 Hong Siqi’s immortal method


Latest website: These words made Zhang Zhui stunned for a moment. Then his body began to twitch.

This is not a sudden episode of epilepsy. It's just that I'm suppressing laughter. And I feel like I can't hold it in anymore.

There are actually people pretending to be Zhuo Yi's master these days. Zhang Zhui really didn't expect this.

Although there have always been legends about the master behind Zhuo Yi in the world. It once even caused a stir. In the end, it was Sun Dakang, the leader of the Ten Thousand Schools Alliance, who forcibly gave Zhuo Yi to Zhuo Yi because he cherished the talent. }Settled the situation.

But even if the general leader comes forward in person, there will always be people who don't believe in this matter.

They say rumors only stop with the wise. But sometimes the people around you may not be all wise...

What's more, the fact that Zhuo Yi has a master is actually not a rumor in general.

So Zhang Zhui felt that this matter was most likely taken advantage of by Hong Siqi.

Today, Zhuo Yi has a great reputation. There are so many casual cultivators traveling around the world. Without the clothes of any sect influence, naturally they will not be able to enjoy the various publicity resources provided by the sect.

If you want to spread your reputation in this modern world of cultivation, casual cultivators must find their own gimmick.

Essentially this is the same concept as product marketing.

Zhang Zhui came to the modern world of cultivation for the first time. He is a complete newcomer.

He didn't understand what marketing was, but he knew that no matter whether Hong Siqi was a legend of casual cultivators or not, he was a liar and couldn't escape.

"He really told others that he was Zhuo Yi's master?" Zhang Zhui was curious.

After all, as someone in the field who definitely knows who Master Zhuo Yi is, Zhang Zhui is also amazed by the fact that someone dares to pretend to be Wang Ling.

"He himself seems to have never responded directly to this matter. But it is just a rumor."

Ouyang Miaokun responded: "In the casual cultivator circle, not everyone knows about this, but at least seventy people know about it!"

Next to him, Ouyang Fenkun, an older brother, immediately echoed: "Why is it only 70%?!"

"Seventy percent. It belongs to someone else. This is already very strong. There are so many casual cultivators. There is no power to rely on. If you want to make a name for yourself, it will be as difficult as climbing to the sky."

The two brothers started a classic dialogue as if they were talking in cross talk. Zhang Zhui understood it completely as soon as he sang and harmonized.

First of all, there is no doubt about Hong Siqi's strength. He has entered the Venerated Immortal realm at the speed of light after the earth was upgraded. His strength is so strong. In the eyes of many ordinary people, there seems to be no reason for such a legendary existence to lie.

At least being the master of Zhuo Yi is more than enough.

And the most cunning thing is that Hong Siqi himself never responded directly to such rumors. This cast a veil of mystery on the matter.

This gives people more reason to believe. This person is the master of Zhuo Yi.

Because when rumors come there are usually two situations.

You explain it. Those who believe it will think you are guilty and anxious.

If you don't explain it, those who believe it will think it is true.

As more and more people believe it, this rumor eventually becomes "truth" in the eyes of many people.

How ironic!

Zhang Zhui sighed inwardly.

The key thing is that Hong Siqi is not to blame. After all, he himself never said that he was the master of Zhuo Yi.

Moreover, there is no way to prove that this rumor was spread by Hong Siqi himself.

"Then do you know why Hong Siqi wanted to ambush the Sword Master?" Zhang Zhui could tell. The two of them probably knew for a long time that Hong Siqi would ambush the Sword Master. That's why they came to the Island of Hell in advance.

Watching powerful people fight at a higher level than yourself. This may be a more intuitive shortcut to improve your cultivation than going to the sea to find opportunities.

So Zhang Zhui wanted to follow the original plan of these two people. It should be that he wanted to

"What else can casual cultivators do? It's just for money. Hong Siqi himself still owes a lot of debt."

Can Venerated Immortal still owe debt?

Zhang Zhui was dumbfounded again.

"Haven't you heard? Hong Siqi took a loan to become an immortal. That's why he was able to concentrate his resources in a short period of time and complete the challenge. He became the first among the vast number of casual practitioners to hit the Venerated Immortal realm."

"Loan...immortal?"

The corner of Zhang Zhui's mouth twitched. He became more and more curious about Hong Siqi.

Venerated Immortal Realm... The current upgraded Earth has replaced the True Immortal Realm. It has become the New God Realm.

If you don't count special monsters like Wang Ling, among regular cultivators, there is nothing wrong with Hong Siqi being among the top ten on earth.

Besides, we have already reached Venerated Immortal. This allows us to travel across the universe!

If he really didn't care at all, Hong Siqi could have just left. But he didn't leave.

That proves that he still wants to continue to develop on this earth. There is also something he misses.

It's just that when a master is in such a situation, what else can he miss?

"Kill the Sword Master. No matter who is behind it. As long as Hong Siqi can kill the Sword Master, he will not only be able to pay off all his loans, but also make his reputation spread directly from the casual cultivator circle. To By then he had both fame and fortune."

At this time, Yue Lingwei, who had been immersed in it for a long time, spoke again.

And in the next second, as if to confirm everyone's guess, the casual cultivators who surrounded Yi Jianchuan in the air were shot down into the sea like locusts.

The entire Yama Island started to tremble with a bang.

In a secret depression on Yama Island, spiritual light boiled. Hong Siqi showed an astonishing intimidation. This was Venerated Immortal weather. The entire Yama Island began to sink under this Venerated Immortal spiritual pressure. For a moment, the surrounding seawater Roaring. Steam was burned out by the hot spiritual power, causing the surrounding space to be almost suddenly surrounded by layers of fog.

The ground on the island melted on the spot. At the same time, there was an accompanying phenomenon of heaven and earth phenomena and the eruption of a submarine volcano. Thick volcanic ash dyed the entire sky above Yama Island dark red.

Everything looks like the end of the world.

This is not the full power of Venerated Immortal. It is just Hong Siqi's unilateral intimidation.

His goal is clear. He is heading towards the Sword Master.

It was only at this time that Zhang Zhui finally saw clearly the appearance of the legendary...the first person in the mortgage repair industry, Hong Siqi.

He cannot be called an immortal. He has extremely high brow bones and a high nose bridge. From the appearance, he looks like a mixed race. He has black hair. The most obvious feature is the bangs on his forehead. This slightly curly arc is actually the same as Zhuo Yi is somewhat similar.

Good guy...

Isn’t this just for fun!

Really hammered!

Zhang Zhui couldn't stand this pretentious look. He originally wanted to see if Yi Jianchuan had a way to take the attack. But now he couldn't help but rolled up his sleeves and looked ready to fight.

But at this moment, his arm was grabbed by Yue Lingwei again: "Wait a minute."

Zhang Zhui: "?"

Yue Lingwei's back was still sitting straight in the cross-legged position. He let go of his hand and looked into the distance. He said calmly: "The Sword Master is also going to be promoted."

Zhang Zhui calmed down. Perceived again.

When he sensed the subtle fluctuations in the sea of qi on Yi Jianchuan's body. www.uukanshu.net His whole expression changed with surprise.

"Sanctified?"

Zhang Zhui couldn't believe it.

But what he felt from Yi Jianchuan at this moment was indeed the aura of Sage Immortal!

Before the earth was upgraded, almost all masters of the ninth level of True Immortal would choose to store their spiritual energy in a specific sea of qi, waiting for the right opportunity to release the spiritual energy of the sea of air to complete the realm!

But most people are often a little short of this step. Therefore, they need to spend a lot of heavenly materials and earthly treasures to make up for the last bit of missing spiritual power.

Perhaps no one could have imagined that this legendary swordsman would actually choose to directly unlock the sea of qi spiritual power that he had accumulated for many years after facing the oppression of Venerated Immortal casual cultivator Hong Siqi!

And. Directly across a big border!

Canonized in public!





Chapter 2075 The First Sword Master on Land


Latest website: "Fortunately, Wuji is open. The sea of energy from all directions is coming!"

At this moment, when the land's greatest swordsman shouted out his magic spell, the whole world seemed to be crumbling.

Hong Siqi's color changed. He could feel that the spiritual energy of heaven and earth he had mobilized was absorbed by the Wuji Sword, and turned into the wedding dress of the Wuji Sword.

That is the true return of all qi. It combines all the qi in the world into one.

Everyone's expressions changed with shock, especially the Earth monks. They didn't even see the big bosses on Earth being promoted to Venerated Immortal.

Now, we see this legendary swordsman from Huaxiu country ascending to the Holy Realm. Directly on the high seas. Withstanding the huge pressure of the legendary casual cultivator Hong Siqi, he bucked the trend and was canonized in one fell swoop!

The onlookers all gasped. In other words, the Sword Master reached the ninth level of True Immortal earlier than rumored. And he has been accumulating strength for thousands of years.

Now it's time to show off. Unlock the sea of Qi that has been stored in the body for thousands or even thousands of years. Following the Venerated Immortal spiritual pressure released by Hong Siqi's Venerated Immortal, he instantly finds a faster path and jumps up.

This is not only a matter of accumulation, but also an amazing ability to understand.

Although Wang Muyu had already expected that the teacher he had just acquired might be hiding something and possessing extraordinary qualities. Although he was not surprised by this breakthrough, the character he saw displayed by Yi Jianchuan made him intoxicated the most. with fascination.

Today's Sword Master has truly cultivated the holy path and reached the top of Sage Immortal!

But a few minutes ago, he was still at the pinnacle of the ninth level of True Immortal. Facing Hong Siqi, who was a level beyond his own, his teacher still stood there. Like a giant standing tall, like Pangu opening the sky. Forever. With fearlessness and unyielding.

He thought of what Yi Jianchuan said to him before. As long as there is no fear in the heart, everything can be turned into a sword in the hand.

Everyone can tell lies. Wang Muyu originally thought it was just Yi Jianchuan's special teaching rhetoric. Now that he saw it, he realized that he was completely wrong.

It turns out that his teacher...is really not afraid of anything!

So what if you cross a large level of yourself?

If you have a sword in your heart, there is nothing in this world that can't be cut!

It can be said that the situation on the battlefield was completely reversed. He reached the top of Sage Immortal. Among the regular monks on earth! Yi Jianchuan was witnessed by everyone here. The canonization was established! He became the first person! He lived up to the name of legend. !

Hong Siqi never dreamed that the order he took would turn out to be his own death. Originally, he was supposed to kill the legendary swordsman with Venerated Immortal and become famous!

But now the situation has turned. In a short period of time, there is no possibility of him turning around.

He just stood there. The sword light floated around him, and there was endless aura lingering. Both Wang Muyu and Zhang Zhui knew that this was no longer the aura of heaven and earth drawn from the earth.

In the realm of Venerated Immortal, you can travel the universe and have the ability to initially adapt to the cosmic environment. You can also absorb trace amounts of cosmic spiritual energy from the universe to adjust your breath, forming an internal cycle.

However, the trace amount of cosmic spiritual energy taken in alone is obviously not enough. Therefore, Venerated Immortal usually needs to bring its own supplies when traveling the universe. Otherwise, it is easy to get lost halfway.

In the eons of time, there were many monks who were frozen on the spot and became an eternal humanoid meteorite in the cosmic environment due to the lack of spiritual energy in the body that directly prevented the body from functioning normally.

And reaching the top of the holy realm means that you will no longer be shackled by such cosmic spiritual energy. You can even directly sense the cosmic spiritual energy and draw energy from it.

Hong Siqi was completely panicked. This was no longer the same level of strength. There was no need to fight at all.

But at this time, it is obvious that it cannot end easily.

After all, he was the one who made the first move. He was the first to make the mistake.

So. He tried to argue.

In the void, ethereal voices could be heard: "Sword Master, it's just a misunderstanding. Why do you need to be so serious?"

"Since ancient times, anyone who offends me, Huaxiu, will be punished no matter how far away!"

The sword master was calm and calm. He put his hands behind his back and responded calmly: "Hong Siqi, no matter who you are interested in. I just want to say a word to you at this moment."

His voice is not loud, but it is like a great bell. It can reach almost every corner of the earth.

"Cut it open with one sword. Prevent ten thousand swords from coming!"

As soon as this statement came out, everyone knew it. There was no room for discussion on this matter.

And obviously, it can be heard from these words that Yi Jianchuan is not completely ignorant of Hong Siqi's origins.

On the contrary. At this moment, he may have guessed who the main messenger behind Hong Siqi's plot is.

"Teacher, you should be aware of this move." At this moment, Wang Muyu asked.

Yi Jianchuan immediately responded through a voice message. His tone was soft and kind: "Muyu, you must know that not everyone in this world expects good things from us."

"They don't want others to live a good life. That's why they often provoke disputes. The teacher's sword did not kill Hong Siqi, but the ambition of the person behind him."

"The teacher's sword is just to tell him that as long as the teacher is around, no one can even think about Huaxiu..."

Say it.

brush!

The surrounding seawater surged instantly. The sea level within a hundred miles radius actually rose at the same time!

Everyone changed their colors and gasped. The casual cultivators who were watching could not sit still and quickly evacuated from Yama Island.

This sword is a sword formed by the convergence of sea water with a radius of hundreds of miles. Along with the rising sea surface in all directions, countless waterspouts condense in several directions, condensing to a point in the void!

Then quickly freeze it with cosmic spiritual energy! Forge it into the Holy Sword of the Sea!

This is a sword that mobilizes the will of the sea. And it is done with ease. There is no sign of panic.

This proves that the sword master mobilized spiritual energy on such a large scale to cast a sword. The sword master did not exert the full power of the Sage Immortal realm.

Everyone was terrified. If this sword were to strike, a new trench would probably be created on the earth!

Many people's cheeks were sweating, including Hong Siqi. www.uukanshu.net But the difference was that the people in the area could escape. Only Hong Siqi was directly oppressed by the sword.

Hong Siqi of Venerated Immortal. His whole figure was frozen in place as if his acupuncture points had been tapped. His entire body was being penetrated by the Sword Master's sword energy at all times, sealing his spirit and breaking his veins. There was no possibility of him turning over.

"Loan to repair immortal...Good guy, if this sword goes down, what should I do with the money I owe?" Among the onlookers, Zhang Zhui suddenly thought of a very magical question.

He was floating in the air, watching the battle from a distance. On his right stood the Yue Lingwei, and what he held in his left and right hands were the pair of "dying men" Ouyang brothers.

The two brothers were just watching a battle in the Venerated Immortal realm, looking for a way to break through. As a result, they directly saw a battle in the Sage Immortal realm. They were so excited that they fainted on the spot.

"Hong Siqi. Maybe he won't die. Someone will protect him." Yue Lingwei reasoned.

Sure enough, just as he finished speaking.

Distant space. A voice came...





Chapter 2076 Party A moved the world


Latest website: Everyone was surprised that they could choose to take action at this time to protect Hong Siqi.

Even if this person's strength is not as strong as the Sword Master at this time, he must still be a big shot in the cultivation circle on earth today.

After all, those great powers hidden in various cultivation countries may not be at the same level as Yi Jianchuan at this moment.

Therefore, everyone judged in their minds that this person must at least be on the same level as Yuan Zun. Only then can he be worthy of talking to the sword master who has reached the top of the holy realm.

"Congratulations to the Sword Master for reaching the top of the Holy Realm."

This is a Mandarin sentence with a strong foreign accent. It is not standard, but it can be understood.

The disembodied voice sounded from the void. It was encrypted and hazy. No one who has not reached the peak of the ninth level of True Immortal can hear the content of the conversation.

But Zhang Zhui can hear it. He is the Eternal One. His realm should not be the same as that of the monks on earth.

At the scene, besides him, Zhang Zhui judged that there were several people who could hear.

One is Wang Muyu. This kid is a god-level dragonborn. Although he is here to pretend to be a disciple. He looks innocent... I have to say that his acting skills are really good. Just look at this "cute" Zhang Zhui himself felt like he was about to be deceived.

In addition, there are two living brothers, Ouyang Fenkun and Ouyang Miokun, who are approaching their end. Unfortunately, they have passed out, so they can't hear anything now.

Therefore, at this scene, apart from the two mentioned above, there are two others who can still hear this voice.

One is Hong Siqi from the Venerated Immortal realm.

As for the other one, Zhang Zhui judged that it was Yue Lingwei who was standing beside him now.

He had always felt that this person's identity was unusual. And there was a familiar feeling all over his body.

"Is this voice like Mixiu Country Yuan Zun?" Zhang Zhui asked quietly in his ear.

Yue Lingwei was not a fool. Naturally, he understood what Zhang Zhui meant.

Still testing him.

Yue Lingwei felt that this was too tiring. Moreover, Zhang Zhui was too suspicious. Although people like this have always been cautious and careful, bad things could easily happen if things continued like this.

Therefore, while the two Ouyang brothers were unconscious, Yue Lingwei was determined to have a showdown with Zhang Zhui.

He sighed: "I can hear you. You don't have to test me. Mr. Eternal Thief."

"Who are you? Are you also the Eternal One?" Zhang Zhui was not surprised that Yue Lingwei could reveal his identity. After all, they are all cultivators who transcend the earth.

"Yue Lingwei. How about you remove the middle word from this name and recombine it?" Yue Lingwei said calmly.

"This...haha. That's it!"

In an instant, Zhang Zhui suddenly understood.

This month's spirit is Wei. If you remove this spirit, it is Yue and Wei. When combined together, it is the word "crispy" for Ling Zhenren's favorite dry noodles.

No wonder this man has a familiar feeling all over his body. But his casual, ancient appearance, like that of a Taoist priest, makes people feel a little dazed.

"So you are Ling Zhenren's real clone?" Zhang Zhui asked cautiously.

He knows. Currently Wang Ling already has a real clone. It is Crispy Noodles Dao Lord.

But Crispy Noodles Dao Lord is performing other tasks. So it is impossible to get here.

"no."

However, Yue Lingwei directly denied Zhang Zhui's speculation. He did not intend to hide it and said directly: "I am the real clone of Crispy Noodles Dao Lord."

Zhang Zhui's mouth twitched: "In other words, you are the real clone, the real clone..."

Ah, my dear... you are putting a matryoshka doll here!

Originally, the real clone only had part of the strength of the original body.

Now the real clone has spawned a real clone. As a result, the combat power is at least in the Dao Ancestor realm or even higher... This is outrageous!

Sure enough. Wang Ling is an out-and-out monster.

Zhang Zhui couldn't help but get goosebumps just thinking about it.

How strong does this have to be?

Ancestor Immortal?

In this universe, has anyone really reached the state of Ancestor Immortal?

And Zhang Zhui even felt that treating Wang Ling. He must not limit his imagination with the currently known realm system.

Maybe there is a stronger realm than Ancestor Immortal...

Zhang Zhui couldn't help but sigh.

Now he couldn't bear to think about it anymore.

"You're here to spy on me?" Zhang Zhui asked.

"It's more than enough to search for Meikoasi with the combat power of my predecessor. Naturally, I have other things to do when I come here."

Yue Lingwei said: "Senior should know that our real clones are separated from the main body. Although they are restrained by the main body, as long as the main body has a thought, we will disintegrate. But the real clone is not as fragile as other clones. . If injured, it will turn into powder and disappear. It will even act according to the will of the original body."

"Of course I know this."

Zhang Zhui nodded: "Real clones have their own independent thoughts. Your souls are also independent. So you are here. After all, it still means...Crispy Noodles Dao Lord."

"Yes."

Yue Ling smiled dangerously: "The one in the sea restricted area is very dangerous. Bai Zhe's subordinate is the strongest dragonborn. He is not at ease. So he sent me to take a look. After entering the sea restricted area, please let Senior Ziqi and I go our separate ways." Our colleagues may attract attention."

"I see. I understand."

After knowing the purpose of Yueling's endangerment, Zhang Zhui nodded secretly.

The two of them had a tacit understanding.

After the showdown, they stopped communicating and just watched the scene in front of them quietly.

In front of you.

The ethereal conversation continued. Facing the Holy Sword of the Sea that was condensed by Yi Jianchuan's gathering of Sage Immortal realms, Mixiu Country Yuanzun forced his intervention. This actually surprised both Zhang Zhui and Yue Lingwei.

It stands to reason that a person of this level would not show up randomly on earth.

But it finally showed up.

"Mr. Yuan Zun's words of joy are serious. Your level is not low."

Yi Jianchuan smiled.

He is the number one figure in the Cultivation Country. Especially the Cultivation Country whose combined combat power and modern cultivation science is so strong that it ranks among the top five in the world. How could the Yuan Zun of this country only have True Immortal as rumored.

A lot of information is hidden.

Although Wang Muyu didn't speak during the whole process, he could hear Yi Jianchuan's voice, so he understood what it meant.

It’s no secret that cultivating countries hide things from each other. www.uukanshu.net

His teacher has now reached the top of the Holy Realm. It is open to the whole world. But this does not necessarily mean that there are no Holy Realm masters in other cultivation countries to protect him.

"Sword Master, can you please let Hong Siqi go for my sake?" Mi Xiuyuanzun said.

"He led the crowd in public and tried to kill me. This was a provocation. I need a reason not to kill." The sword master stood with his hands behind his back. The sword light bloomed all over his body, like the sun.

"Besides, I'm very curious. Master Mi Xiuyuan came out to protect him today. Could it be that you are Party A?"

Unexpectedly, the voice in the void suddenly laughed. At the same time, there was a bit of helplessness in the laughter: "It's Party A. But the assassination of the sword master was not done by me. I am responsible for lending. Party A."

Yi Jianchuan nodded.

He understood instantly.

This is the creditor's guarantor...





Chapter 2077 Let my apprentice hit you once. Isn’t that too much?


A great cultivator, Guoyuan Zun, personally came to mention someone. Yi Jianchuan had to give this face.

Even though he has reached the Holy Realm now, in this modern world of cultivation, there are still mature rules, laws, laws and various social relationships.

Many cultivation countries that operate in an orderly manner like large machines rely on these to form a tight peace grid.

Therefore, the realm-only theory is not advisable. Yi Jianchuan knew it very well. After he reached the holy realm, his realm was even higher than that of many Yuan Zun from the cultivation country.

But Yuan Zun is responsible for the orderly operation of the entire cultivation country. Their ideas are often superior to ordinary people. Being talented in cultivation does not mean that you can govern a huge cultivation country well. Let every monk You can enjoy a peaceful life comfortably in your own country. You have enough to eat and warm clothes. You are not troubled by poverty. You are also free from the pain of displacement due to war.

If he takes action today, he will personally break the rule that has restricted this world for a long time.

Those who secretly fear that the world will not be in chaos will directly use this as a topic to preach the principle of "the highest realm and combat power". By then, I am afraid that the entire world will be in chaos.

Therefore, Yi Jianchuan knew it well and had to stop.

Although he really wanted to kill Hong Siqi directly in front of him...

This is a scum who betrayed the Huaxiu Country. Although he is a casual cultivator with no attachments, he directly gave up his nationality and joined the Mixiu Country in order to obtain a high loan.

It is a personal choice to choose your own country of cultivation and nationality. But after reaching the top of Venerated Immortal, he actually chose to kill his own compatriots to sacrifice to heaven in order to build his reputation.

Based on this alone, Yi Jianchuan had the reason to kill him directly.

But now, with Mi Xiu Yuan Zun coming forward, it is impossible to kill him.

"Mi Xiu Yuanzun's face, I, Yi Jianchuan, naturally want to give it to you."

He stretched out his hand and snapped his fingers. The rising sea level dropped instantly. The waterspouts that rolled up from all corners also followed the Holy Sword of the Sea and divided into countless rainwaters that spread thousands of miles around, forming a short rainstorm. .

"The Sword Master's kindness today. I have written it down." The voice of Master Mi Xiuyuan came through the void again.

He had come forward. So he had already expected that Yi Jianchuan would never dare to strike like this.

But this is not the end. This Hong Siqi is now considered a Mixiu Countryman. The huge debt he carries is just rhetoric. But in the final analysis, it is because he is a Venerated Immortal.

After the earth upgrades, any monk who transcends from True Immortal to a higher realm will be the target of competition and wooing by the major cultivation countries.

In this world, some people are satisfied with material desires, some are addicted to beauty, some are obsessed with money, and some are obsessed with power.

There are high-level cultivators as the envoys of the cultivating country. Just thinking about it makes people feel at ease.

So today's Hong Siqi is really very important to Mixiu Country.

"Hey...they are just a bunch of short-sighted ants after all."

At this time, Wang Muyu, Yue Lingwei, and Zhang Zhui sighed almost simultaneously.

Because currently their country, Huaxiu, has no talent crisis at all...

Not to mention anything else, just the Wang brothers and sisters are sitting there. Is there a safer cultivation country in the world than Huaxiu?

It can only be said that Hong Siqi's life was saved because of Mi Xiu Yuanzun's intervention. But he still came out with this tone.

So, Yi Jianchuan directly communicated with Mi Xiu Yuanzun through the air: "Let's do it. Mi Xiu Yuan Zun, I don't need to kill him today for your sake. But Hong Siqi offended me first after all. It shouldn't hurt to slap him and teach him a lesson, right?"

"Of course a slap doesn't hurt. But Sword Master, you are already in the holy realm after all. If this slap continues, Hong Siqi's life or death will be uncertain."

"Please rest assured, Mr. Mi Xiuyuan. Since I have promised not to take action, then naturally I will not take action."

After saying that, he looked at Wang Muyu who was wrapped tightly in a water polo next to him.

This water polo was originally intended to protect Wang Muyu from external harm.

In fact, it also has the effect of blocking prying eyes. Among the people here, except for Yue Lingwei and Zhang Zhui, no outsider can see Wang Muyu's true appearance. Everyone only knows that the water polo next to the sword master is filled with water. It's his mysterious disciple.

At this moment, Yi Jianchuan casually raised his fist in the air. He laughed and said, "Mi Xiu Yuanzun, I won't take action. I will let my apprentice take action and slap him. Is this okay? My apprentice. But there is only Golden." It’s just Core."

"But Hong Siqi is Venerated Immortal. The disciple you just accepted is just a Golden Core after all. If this slap continues, won't it backfire?"

"Please rest assured, Master Mi Xiuyuan, on this point. I just took the Holy Sword of the Sea move and haven't released the spirit seal yet. He can't use his spiritual power now. There will be no spiritual power backlash. But... So... With the physical strength of Venerated Immortal, I shouldn't be able to feel any pain."

"puff!"

Zhang Zhui almost couldn't hold it in anymore and burst out laughing on the spot.

Although it is true that the Sword Master does not know the true realm and combat power of Wang Muyu's younger brother, it would be outrageous to really let Wang Muyu slap him.

Everyone knows that this is a deliberate attempt to humiliate Hong Siqi.

You're a Venerated Immortal. How can you be beaten by Golden Core? And you're the one who killed the disciple... Not only did you not kill the person, but you also gave yourself a slap on the face. And this slap is scary. Yes, it will be recorded directly in the annals of history.

It’s simply outrageous!

And in the modern world of cultivation, what spreads the fastest?

Of course it’s data information. It spreads the fastest!

At this time, Zhang Zhui did something bad.

He used his impatient acting skills to start a show of pretending to be crazy in public: "Ah! That master in the void is so powerful. I can't hear what he is talking about...but it seems to be that he wants the disciples of the Sword Master to beat Hong Si." A strange slap?"

These words are meant for those casual cultivators who cannot hear the encrypted conversations.

Many people hear someone translate it and naturally believe it to be true.

As soon as they heard that Golden Core was going to fight Venerated Immortal, many monks watching around them all took out their mobile phones. They were all screaming at each other and taking pictures.

Today's mobile phones often have hundreds of millions of pixels. This scene will definitely become a classic.

"Lord Yuan Zun..." Hong Siqi's eyes were almost crying. He knew very well the influence behind this.

He made Golden Core beat him with Venerated Immortal. Isn't this a complete social death?

As a result, his request for help did not receive any response from Misu Yuanzun.

Because he was worried about the influence between the two major cultivating countries, Yi Jianchuan did not choose to kill Hong Siqi when Mi Xiuyuanzun came forward. This was already a way to save face.

After all, it is as Yi Jianchuan said. After all, Hong Siqi did suffer a loss. You have to let others make amends for this face.

Therefore, from Misu Yuanzun's point of view, it is completely reasonable and reasonable to let the disciples of the Sword Master give this slap.

"Sword Master. Please."

So Mi Xiuyuanzun stopped trying to stop him and decided to return Yi Jianchuan's favor for not killing Hong Siqi.

It's a matter of courtesy.

Hehehe...

His apprentice. A Golden Core.

Can you beat someone to death?





Chapter 2078 He has 1 Golden Core. What if you let him hit him once?


Latest website: For Hong Siqi, this is not a question of whether the Juggernaut's disciples are Golden Core or not.

He was a Venerated Immortal. He was slapped in the face by a Golden Core monk. No matter who the monk was, his reputation would not be good after all.

And there are so many people here using equipment to record!

Hong Siqi saw that some people started live streaming!

This is too much!

Everyone is waiting to see his joke!

"Lord Yuan Zun..." Hong Siqi begged. He faced the sky. There was even a hint of crying in his voice. Venerated Immortal. Loan to repair immortal. It is unbelievable to be so humble.

Let’s not talk about whether Mi Xiu Yuanzun is as strong as Hong Siqi. Even if he is not, Hong Siqi would not dare to make a mistake.

A big shot like this. God knows if there is any master hidden behind him...

He thought he had achieved Venerated Immortal. He had become the first person in the Huaxiu bloodline to reach the top of Venerated Immortal. Unexpectedly, this sword master was even more outrageous than him. He was directly canonized!

The key lies in the Huaxiu Kingdom. One is as famous as the Sword Master. But there are nine others!

Each of the top ten generals is extraordinary!

And they were all promoted to the ninth level of True Immortal a long time ago. The rumored strongest Explosive Saint: Bai Xing! Ranked first among the ten generals in terms of overall combat effectiveness.

Although there is no news about being promoted to Venerated Immortal yet. But who knows whether these people will practice secretly behind your back...

Information is blocked. Almost all the top cultivating countries in this world have their own routines. It always makes people feel that they are hard to guard against.

"No! Master Yuan Zun...if he hits me, it won't be my face, but your face!" Hong Siqi begged.

"Pah!"

As a result, Wang Muyu's slap had not yet fallen. Across the distance in the void, Mi Xiuyuanzun slapped him first.

This slap was a slap in the face. There was a bright red five-fingerprint directly on his cheek. On the one hand, Mi Xiuyuanzun used his own actions to respond to the disrespectful behavior just now.

On the other hand, Mi Xiuyuanzun himself is testing whether Hong Siqi is really in a state of sealing the spirit. He cannot use the power of the realm to counterattack.

As a result, everything was as the sword master said.

Holy Land.

It's really scary...

Venerated Immortal realm. Ever since the legend of Zhenyuan immortals, the earth has been restricted to the highest realm because of the {International True Immortal Convention}.

But now, who would have thought that even being promoted to Venerated Immortal has become less valuable.

Because in the eyes of the world, the highest realm is the legendary existence.

But the realm. Where does it end?

As long as people have desires, they will continue to pursue them.

So the modern world of cultivation is not a game of "Law of the Dark Forest" in the universe?

As long as you still have the trump card in your hand, no cultivation country will easily provoke a war, because no one will choose to take the risk behind it and become a sinner in this world.

Therefore, Hong Siqi's slap must be received.

It’s not like I’m saying anything. Because I’m a naturalized Mixiu Country, I can’t receive this slap.

After all, it is a difference in understanding, which leads to the deviation.

At least the current attitude of Mi Xiu Yuan Zun is very clear. He wants to use the palm of the Sword Saint Disciple to completely cut off the last blood connection between Hong Siqi and the Huaxiu Kingdom.

Only hatred can push a person to continue to move forward.

Mi Xiuyuanzun had a very good calculation. He felt that it might be a good thing that Hong Siqi received this slap. On the road of cultivation, not everyone who follows the white path can become immortal.

Since ancient times, there are those who have gone further and further on the detour.

To put it bluntly, it means blackening.

How do you say something?

Whitening is twice as weak. Blackening is three points stronger.

This is not completely unreasonable.

"He's just a Golden Core. You give him a slap. It won't hurt or itch. So what?"

Perhaps in order to take care of Hong Siqi's last bit of face, Mi Xiuyuanzun's voice came directly through the void this time, communicating directly with Hong Siqi himself.

These resolute words made Hong Siqi completely give up hope of resistance.

But in fact, while everyone was discussing whether to fight or not, and watching the excitement, the most nervous person was actually Wang Muyu.

The little guy looked calm on the outside, but actually he was panicking inside.

Of course he doesn't want to fight.

After all, what will happen if this palm is applied? Even Wang Muyu himself doesn’t know.

But now the water polo protects him very well. In addition, there are Zhang Zhui and Yue Lingwei over there to provide cover. So even if Wang Muyu takes action in this matter, he thinks there is a high probability that he can find someone who can take the blame.

Why...

Maybe. This is your life. Xiaohong.

Wang Muyu sighed inwardly.

After all, he has been imitating Wang Ling. So every time before taking action, he would ask himself about his compassion for the common people...

But now he has discovered it. It doesn't matter whether you have mercy or not. There will be times like this when someone begs you to fight.

Even the monks who were joining in the fun started to boo.

They actually couldn't hear the conversation on Mi Xiu Yuanzun's side. However, Zhang Zhui, a considerate translator, was there.

This matter was directly instigated by Zhang Zhui.

"Disciple of the Sword Master! I don't know who you are. But this is a good opportunity for you to become famous in one battle! Your master has paved the way for you. Don't you even dare to hit me with this slap?"

"Yes! If you don't give me this slap, it will be boring!"

...

So are these people born to be abused?

Wang Muyu doesn’t understand.

His young mind was greatly shocked at this time. It seemed as if he had grown up in an instant.

Since. He wants to be beaten.

Then he won't be polite anymore...

He was under the cover of the water polo. Everyone saw a drop of water slowly separating from the water polo. This was a drop of water that had been carefully carved. People with eyesight can see it if they look closely. A small drop of water was accurately pinched into the shape of a palm.

"This is the Sword Master's Wuji Sword...the legendary trick of dripping water through stone!"

Some people still recognized this trick.

Wang Muyu is now learning and selling his skills. In fact, he is also verifying his identity as a disciple of the Sword Master in front of everyone.

This way, even if something happens later, at least no one will turn their attention to Wang Ling

Hong Siqi saw this scene from a distance. The slap he imagined was Wang Muyu coming up to slap him. But he never expected that the slap turned into water droplets and came from a distance.

He was relieved. He stood up directly, raised his head and chest, and laughed on the spot: "Junior, this little drop of water. www.uukanshu.net I'm afraid you can't even wear my cassock."

However, the laughter stopped suddenly when the water droplet slowly flew halfway. I thought that the speed of the water droplet suddenly accelerated at this moment!

A golden avenue spreads forward from the drop of water. It is extremely divine and dazzling. It leads directly to Hong Siqi's chest! It's like a beam of sunlight.

At first, no one cared that it was just a drop of water, a palm shot by a Golden Core monk, and a beam of light that suddenly burst out from the air. Until the beam of light hit Hong Siqi's chest.

Then the water droplet starts propelling forward at the speed of light...

Boom!

When they got closer, Wang Muyu's water droplet just got close to Hong Siqi. It exploded in an instant!

Under the astonished eyes of everyone, a small mushroom cloud rose from Yama Island...

7017k





Chapter 2079 The sea area is about to become lively


Latest website: Golden Core’s slap. How can it kill someone?

This was a joke that many people planned to see before Wang Muyu's palm fell.

It was a joke about Hong Siqi, the legendary casual cultivator. It was also a joke about Wang Muyu, the disciple of the Sword Master.

Of course, no one knows what this disciple of the Sword Master looks like or what his age is. All they know is that he is extremely well protected, wrapped tightly in a water polo, like an unmarried girl.

Before this palm was struck, some people even deliberately used this to ridicule Wang Muyu. They planned to use this method to force the disciple of the Sword Master out of the water ball to see his true appearance.

But Wang Muyu was not fooled.

So until the palm fell on Hong Siqi's chest, no one cared what was going on.

All I can say is that it all happened so suddenly.

No one would have thought that this palm technique, which was the size of a drop of water, would explode the moment it touched Hong Siqi's robe.

A mushroom cloud rising from the ground on Yama Island stunned everyone.

All the vegetation on the entire island was instantly reduced to dust. Even the island was directly blasted off a large layer. Many people did not understand why such a change happened.

Even if the disciple of the Sword Master is a genius, this is obviously not the destructive power that a Golden Core can achieve.

Although the area of Yama Island is not that big, it is a famous island. You, a Golden Core, can actually blow up this island! This is not an operation that normal people can do!

As for Hong Siqi, there is no difference between his death and his immortality at this time.

All his clothes were blown away. He was lying on the bald Yama Island. He looked like a human-shaped briquette. The key was that the ash on his butt was not completely covered. On top of the charred black body, there was such a contrast in color. . The legendary Venerated Immortal’s buttocks are clearly visible.

The shock on everyone's faces was almost at the same time. They all opened their mouths. They didn't know how to evaluate this matter.

Master Mi Xiuyuan was also speechless.

In the void, the old man hiding behind seemed to have become mute.

Just a Golden Core.

Can't kill anyone...

A few minutes ago, those words kept ringing in my ears, making Master Mi Xiu wish he could depose himself.

After a long time, he finally heard his voice: "Shouldn't the Sword Master...give me an explanation?"

Yi Jianchuan was also shocked.

He didn't even hear the question from Master Mi Xiuyuan at the beginning.

Previously in the artificial lake, Wang Muyu’s superb performance was clearly visible in my mind.

But it's just a sluice. It's just a little high.

In addition, due to its age and the fact that he had previously penetrated the sluice with a drop of water, it may have directly destroyed the mechanical support structure of the sluice as originally designed.

So in Yi Jianchuan's view, Wang Muyu blasted through the sluice gate in the artificial lake. This is something that can be explained by modern cultivation science.

But now it is just blowing up Yama Island and blowing up the Venerated Immortal until it is completely naked. This is a little bit... outrageous!

Of course, Yi Jianchuan's first reaction was definitely not that Wang Muyu was hiding his strength.

Instead, he frowned on the spot and bowed in the air.

This time, he deliberately did not use an encrypted call. Instead, he directly chose to tell the truth: "Mixu Yuanzun, I hope this matter will be investigated in detail! I and my disciples are all victims!"

This is also done to give a reasonable explanation to all the monks present.

Check in detail?

What does it mean?

Mi Xiuyuanzun was so angry behind his back that his liver trembled.

On this earth now, although Sage Immortal has already qualified, there are still very few Venerated Immortal... there are such monks. It is also a major strategic resource.

What's the result now?

People have become so virtuous.

It was agreed that it would only be a slap in the face. How come the water droplet exploded and turned into a nuclear bomb in the end?

This is so unscientific!

The key point is that all my people were bombed like this. You are here to cry out for injustice? Say you are a victim?

I saw Yi Jianchuan's righteous words. He explained loudly: "To tell you the truth, I just taught my disciple the method of dripping water through stone in {Wuji Sword} today. Although he learned it quickly, he has not practiced it well after all. How can he use it? Is it my Golden Core's combat power that makes Hong Siqi such a virtuous person? Or is it that Hong Siqi's Venerated Immortal state is actually fake and has cultivated loneliness?"

"This..."

These words left many people in the room speechless.

No one would have thought that Yi Jianchuan would use such an excuse to make amends.

But how to say...

This sounds reasonable.

Just listen to the sword master continue to explain: "I wonder who in the world doesn't know who I am. In front of these fellow Taoists, since I have already made it clear that I will not do anything, in the eyes of so many people, if in my eyes In the process of the disciple taking action, I have leaked some spiritual power to help. There are so many people present. I think someone should have raised objections."

"Moreover, the water droplet suddenly accelerated in the middle of the advancement and burst out with a powerful aura. How could he, a Golden Core, achieve this level of power? Therefore, my conclusion is that someone must be secretly using it. This palm of my disciple's hand. Acts of revenge."

This is an impeccable explanation. It also suits Wang Muyu, Zhang Zhui and Yue Lingwei's intentions.

The move just now was actually made by Wang Muyu after adding a few monks. It had the effect of increasing the power after someone intervened halfway.

Zhang Zhui and Yue Lingwei also cooperated very well. They directly used their spiritual power to create a powerful wave of spiritual power in the sea restricted area, creating the illusion that someone was casting spells to intervene in the sea restricted area.

"..."

In the space on the other side, Mi Xiuyuanzun was also silent for a long time. He was discussing this matter with the people around him.

"Disciples of the Sword Master. Are there really only Golden Core realms?" He asked the subordinates on his left and right.

The aura hidden by Wang Muyu in the water polo is exclusive to the Dragonborn. It is impossible to detect it by ordinary means. He wants to locate himself in the Golden Core. It is very easy. And it can be done seamlessly.

Therefore, after Hong Siqi was seriously injured, they immediately re-tested the psychic energy fluctuations inside the water ball.

So the people on the left and right sighed again: "Hey. It is indeed the Golden Core, Master Yuan Zun..."

"How did Hong Siqi get injured?" Mi Xiuyuanzun was dumbfounded.

He originally wanted to repay Yi Jianchuan's favor for not killing Hong Siqi, so he agreed to Yi Jianchuan's slap.

The result is now good. Hong Siqi was directly seriously injured.

And maybe after recovering from the injury, there is still the possibility of regression.

The most important thing is that he is the creditor and the owner!

Hong Siqi hasn’t paid off the loan yet!

To sum up, on his own side, blood loss...

"Lord Yuan Zun, I have something I don't know whether to say or not."

"Say!" Mi Xiuyuanzun is annoyed. His whole heart is like a knife.

"That's right. We actually tracked a very special spiritual signal just now... It seems to be coming from the restricted sea area. Therefore, it is possible that someone in the restricted sea area has been hiding in it beforehand. Judging by the form. He used the disciples of the Sword Master to beat Hong Siqi like this. www.uukanshu.net "

The man analyzed: "You see, General Maico Assi has also disappeared in the restricted area of the sea. And so far there is no news. The Pope has hired credible people to investigate. I suspect. Mike General Assi may have been poisoned by this person."

"..."

In less than a few days.

Mixiu Country. Two new Venerated Immortals. One is missing. The other is seriously injured.

Mi Xiuyuanzun was holding fire in his heart.

He was so angry that he immediately slammed the table: "Organize a fleet! Enter the restricted sea area! I want to see who is causing trouble in there! If you have the ability, step forward!"

This anger.

also means.

The restricted area of the sea where no one normally intrudes is about to become lively...





Chapter 2080 A single move affects the whole body


Latest website: Hong Siqi's fate was tragic. He was towed away by a ship sent by Mixiu Country. When he boarded the ship, his buttocks were still closed. His skin was scorched black.

If this section were not in a large size, it would be impossible to look straight at it.

The key point was also photographed by many casual cultivators who were watching the scene.

Everyone knows it. Today’s Internet communication speed is coupled with the marketing account’s embellished and exaggerated copywriting.

Almost immediately, the name Hong Siqi hit the front page.

Pass it on!

Hong Siqi was killed by a disciple of the Sword Master! With just one drop of water! He was blown into a burnt black suckling pig!

Pass it on!

The secret to the promotion of newly promoted Venerated Immortal Hong Siqi is to eat roasted suckling pig! But it is suspected that his fat intake exceeds the standard and he loses to the Golden Core disciples! No matter how high the realm is, you must know how to maintain health!

Pass it on!

The disciples of the Sword Master instantly killed Hong Siqi. It was because there was dark matter in the swordsmanship! The combat power system was out of balance. Humanity may be facing its darkest moment!

...

Wang Ling, who was still shopping in the Sun family's ancestral land, took out his mobile phone and glanced at it during the break. He just asked Wang Muyu to go to the sea restricted area. Why did the entire sea restricted area suddenly become lively?

To be honest, he was actually not part of Wang Ling's calculations. In other words, starting from this incident, Wang Ling didn't want to involve the surrounding cultivating countries too much in this matter.

After all, Qiao Yanyuan is very risky. This is the strongest dragonborn under Bai Zhe. If such a person is exposed in front of the major cultivation countries, who knows what kind of chemical reaction will be generated?

At this time, Wang Ling closes his eyes and directly links Zhuo Yi's thoughts in his own conscious universe.

The matter is urgent. The words of online marketing accounts cannot be trusted. The mobile phone signal in the Sun family's ancestral land is also intermittent. Wang Ling is forced to use this slightly abrupt method to connect to the soul of Zhuo Yi.

But seeing Zhuo Yi bowing respectfully, he said to Wang Ling: "Master, it is now confirmed that Master Mi Xiuyuan has made the decision to send the fleet directly to the restricted area."

"..."

Although he had seen some marketing accounts saying that Mi Xiuyuanzun had ordered the ships to be dispatched, it was a marketing account after all. Wang Ling felt that it was not entirely credible. Now that Zhuo Yi confirmed this, he felt in his heart Suddenly, the whole incident started to become more and more troublesome.

To be honest, he asked Wang Muyu and Yi Jianchuan, the pair of masters and disciples, to go to the restricted sea area to find Qiao Yanyuan. On the one hand, it was to allow Wang Muyu to strengthen his character with the help of the Sword Master. On the other hand, he wanted Wang Muyu to give the Sword Master some inspiration. . Let the realm of this old sword master be improved.

I just didn't expect that before the sea restricted area, there was actually Hong Siqi, who took out a loan to repair the immortal, and took the lead in attacking...

Now the entire restricted area of the sea, the entire Daxi Linghai, is in chaos just because of this Hong Siqi.

However, the more chaotic the situation, the more caution is needed.

Wang Ling knows. Zhang Zhui has gone.

In addition, there is Yuelingwei, which is differentiated from Crispy Noodles Dao Lord.

There are these two people plus Wang Muyu.

In terms of combat power, the balance is definitely enough.

But it's not very safe.

After much thought, Wang Ling felt that sending too many people there was unnecessary.

It's better to choose the best from the best. It's more comprehensive.

So at that moment. Wang Ling thought of two people.

And Zhuo Yi almost thought of it together with Wang Ling: "Master, don't say anything. Let me guess. Who do you want to send."

Wang Ling: "..."

Zhuo Yi said respectfully: "Senior Qin Zhong and Senior Xiang Yi. I think besides these two, you can't worry about anyone else."

Wang Ling raised an eyebrow.

I have to say. Zhuo Yi has been with him for so long. Now the spiritual understanding between their master and disciple is even better than before.

"Just them." Gu

So. Wang Ling nodded at Zhuo Yi.

Then the communication with Zhuo Yi was directly disconnected.

In the reserve talent pool of all the big lists of Wang Ling. So far, there is really no more reliable person than these two.

The key is, regarding the origins of these two people. Even for Bai Zhe, it was like a surprise from heaven.

They do not belong to this universe. Therefore, even if Bai Zhe wants to trace their origin, he may not be able to trace it.

The current Xiang Yi and Qin Zhong are white households on Wang Ling's side. But to the universe where Wang Ling lives, they are indeed black households.

Normal people would definitely not dare to do this. If you force yourself to stay here, there is a possibility of being directly obliterated by the will of the universe at any time.

However, it is different if Wang Ling is kept.

After all, it's his face.

Slightly bigger than others.

...

As soon as they heard the news that Master Mi Xiuyuan had ordered to send a fleet to the restricted sea area, some people immediately couldn't sit still.

Out of his understanding of his old friend, the first cultivator who couldn't help but stand up was Xiongxiu.

When Xiong Xiu Yuanzun heard the news, he immediately gathered around the table. He thought that Mi Xiu Yuanzun must have discovered something in the restricted area of the sea and was leaving it here to earn a living.

On the surface, it was to find the mysterious man who secretly set up an ambush and crippled Hong Siqi. In fact, he must have discovered some big secret in the restricted area of the sea!

Otherwise, Wei Shen's Maico Assi went in a few days ago. And there is no news yet?

Maybe this is just because there is no news on the surface. Maybe the secrets in the restricted area of the sea were revealed by Maicoasi himself.

He knows his old friend very well!

I think this matter is definitely not as simple as I thought!

Therefore, Xiongxiu Yuanzun also ordered to send the same

The first one said that he would send a fleet of spiritual ships of the same size to go together.

As a result, when Master Mi Xiuyuan heard this and discussed it with his subordinates, his face showed a look of joy.

After all, they really just wanted to seek revenge. They had no other ideas.

Who would have thought that Xiongxiu Yuanzun would actually take the initiative to propose the idea of going together? Is this movie just to increase their combat power?

Everyone is well aware of the dangers of the restricted sea area. Therefore, in this situation, some people actually wanted to go with them. Mi Xiuyuanzun immediately smiled so much that his molars could be seen.

The two mainstream cultivators in the world, Yuan Zun, hit it off so well. It made the rest of the cultivators tremble...

Then. There is no more.

In the sea area of Daxiling, dozens of strategic maritime ships and underwater nuclear-powered submarines followed several aircraft carriers bearing the logos of different cultivating countries and entered directly through the sea entrance.

Originally, there was a barrier at the entrance to this sea restricted area. www.uukanshu.net It was originally set up by the Yuan Zun of the major cultivation countries. But what people didn't expect was that the monks of this Xiu Zhen country were too tough in their style.

Before everyone could discuss the specific entry plan, he swung the whiskey in his hand and ordered the artillery to be fired at the barrier prohibiting Haikou...

Under the continuous bombardment of hundreds or even thousands of psychic missiles directed at a single point. No matter how tough the node is, it is difficult to resist such continuous bombardment.

So. The entrance to the barrier was opened...

Zhang Zhui, Yue Lingwei looked at the aircraft carriers and spirit ship fleets organized by the major cultivators, and they seemed like a family. They were in harmony and sailed into the restricted sea area together...

The sword master looked at this scene. The corner of his mouth finally couldn't help but twitch.

He lived for thousands of years...

This scene is something I haven’t seen for a long time now.

7017k





Chapter 2081 The beginning of chaos


Nearly a dozen ships from different cultivating countries formed a fleet and sailed into the restricted area of the sea in a friendly manner. This scene was shocking. It was enough to be recorded in the annals of history.

There is already a sense of unity among human beings joining forces to fight against foreign enemies. But the problem is that although it seems to be harmonious on the surface, in fact, all major cultivators in the country have their own evil intentions.

Don't look at the harmony now. When trouble really comes, it will be revealed who is the true brother with whom.

In order to facilitate communication, everyone is equipped with a military cultivation magic weapon with simultaneous interpretation function.

Mainly dominated by the aircraft carriers of the two big brothers, Mixiu Country and Xiong Xiuguo. The series of fleets in the rear entered at a certain distance from each other.

"It's better to act together." At this moment, looking at the chaos in front of him, Yue Lingwei said.

"Why did you change your mind?" Zhang Zhui asked.

"Eh... The situation is already in chaos now. It doesn't matter if we act together. They will just treat them as casual cultivators watching the fun." Yue Lingwei said.

In this situation, joint operations are safer. The main reason is that no one would have expected that so many cultivating countries would be involved in this incident under the leadership of the two major cultivating countries.

Essentially, they all came with their younger brothers who were allies with them. Most of them were just joining in the fun. They were not really interested in the secrets hidden in the restricted area.

I always have to give face to my eldest brother. I dare not not come.

So now that the situation has become a mess. In addition, there are many casual cultivators in the rear who are interested in the restricted area but dare not easily enter the restricted area. Seeing this opportunity, they all took out their magic weapons to follow. There are even some I went directly to the group fight site and went in with the immortal ship. It was simply outrageous.

Therefore, Yue Lingwei decided to change his mind at this time and go with Zhang Zhui.

After he finished speaking, he immediately took out a golden pill that he had prepared in advance from his lapel. It looked like it was just an ordinary pill.

However, Zhang Zhui quickly recognized that this was a technological magic weapon born in the context of the modern cultivation era.

Large appliances can be incorporated into this Imamaru in a space-compressed form.

"Compressed Golden Pill?" Zhang Zhui knew. This was something Yue Lingwei had prepared from the beginning. Although he had only lived in the modern world of cultivation for a short time, he had more or less adapted to the rhythm of life here.

You don't need to guess. Nine out of ten of them contain large-scale surface navigation equipment and the like. With the current comprehensive strength of the Office of Strategic Deception, this is not an immortal ship. It is also a spiritual core-level submarine.

The level is definitely not too low.

But if we use aircraft carriers, it would be a bit too much. After all, the Office of Strategic Deception is just a sect. Using aircraft carriers is too exaggerated. I'm afraid it will be criticized by others.

"Hey, I'll just let you go for a while." Zhang smiled. He looked at Yue Lingwei and straightened himself up a little, tying up his hair.

Zhang Zhui's facial features are actually quite regular. After all, he was once the man who "greened" Dao Ancestor Wang...

When I came out of Corpse Map, I was still very old.

But now. Zhang Zhui also discovered that the modern world of cultivation seems to be more about appearance.

So I have paid a little more attention to maintenance recently, trying to restore myself to the way I looked when I was young. Now that I tie my hair up, my overall aura has changed.

Yue Lingwei glanced at Zhang Zhui. According to Zhang Zhui's profession, it stands to reason that at this age, he should be worthy of the four words "immortal".

As a result, Zhang Zhui has tied up his hair now. He has no immortal style at all. Instead, he has the feeling of a ruffian cultivating an immortal.

These days, I am really not afraid of hooligans who are educated, but I am afraid of hooligans who are well-educated.

Yue Lingwei sighed inwardly.

He didn't care about Zhang Zhui's stinky beauty. He just threw the golden pill into the water.

Along with the rising smoke, Zhang Zhui and those present who had not yet left. The casual cultivators who were gathering together how to join forces to enter the restricted sea area were all shocked by the scene in front of them.

What did they see...

Right at the entrance to the sea zone!

A maritime high-speed train with sixteen carriages actually appeared!!!

He would never have thought that Yue Lingwei's golden pill could actually conjure something like this.

Zhang Zhui: "Let's just say. Isn't this a bit too high-profile..."

"It's okay. No more exaggeration than an aircraft carrier. We can't use an aircraft carrier. This is the only way."

"..." The corners of Zhang Zhui's mouth twitched.

If this thing appeared in its entirety on the sea, it would be much more outrageous than an aircraft carrier!

In fact, it wasn't just Zhang Zhui. Everyone else in the audience also showed incredulous looks.

Only Wang Muyu covered his face and couldn't bear to look at the scene in front of him.

"Ha. These two young monks are quite interesting. This is the first time I have seen the Maritime High-Speed Railway. It seems that there are also economically viable talents among the casual cultivators."

The sword master looked at this scene and sighed with emotion. After saying this, he looked at Wang Muyu who was covering his face: "Muyu, you see, some casual cultivators take out loans to become immortal, while some casual cultivators can reasonably own their own wealth. This That’s the importance of learning. Knowledge is power. Reading is still very important."

Wang Muyu: "..."

Most people didn't know Yue Lingwei and Zhang Zhui. They simply saw that Zhang Zhui was holding Ouyang brothers on his left and right hands. They just assumed that these two people were also casual cultivators! And they were traveling together!

Moreover, it is very likely that these Ouyang brothers hired them to escort them!

"Tsk...the two Ouyang brothers are richer than they thought. They hired people to help them. And they actually have a maritime high-speed rail? They actually have a strong professional background?"

"They came prepared. Maybe this trip to the sea restricted area. It's not certain that the two brothers can really break through to the Venerated Immortal realm."

Everyone looked at this scene and sighed with emotion.

Zhang Zhui said with shame: "How do you plan to end this? Your carriage, sixteen sections, is too exaggerated."

Yue Lingqian touched his chin: "It doesn't matter. They've all been misunderstood anyway. Isn't this just right? Can you hide your identity for us?"

He sent a message and said.

Then he and Zhang Zhui directly boarded the front of the high-speed train. The Ouyang brothers were piled neatly aside as if they were stacked on top of each other.

Afterwards, Yue Lingwei directly started the external broadcast: "If you have friends who want to get on the train, please feel free to do so. However, in order to maintain the normal operation and maintenance costs of my owner Ouyang's train, each person needs to pay a ticket to get on the train."

"Those who are in Soul Formation and below will be paid 50,000 immortal gold per person. Those who are above are 100,000 immortal gold per person. However, everyone knows how dangerous the sea restricted area is. We are only responsible for providing vehicles for everyone. If you die on the way, we are not responsible. "

"Of course. If you pay 500,000 immortal gold, we can provide life-saving services once. For such large customers, you can enjoy our special, home-like service."

If you like the daily life of the Immortal King, please collect it: () The Daily Life of the Immortal King. Girls' Classmate Network is updated the fastest.





Chapter 2082 There’s a quarrel!


Latest URL: Everyone is puzzled.

Why is it that those with lower realms charge cheaper, while those with higher realms charge more?

This is immortal gold.

In addition to spiritual stones, it is one of the international currencies in the modern world of cultivation. It is no better than ordinary money.

Even if casual cultivators can afford it, they still have to weigh it.

They usually live frugally. They even have to spend money carefully to buy a magic weapon. Now they have to spend so much money to enter the restricted sea area. Every one of them feels a little sick.

However. Having said that, most people can actually see that Zhang Zhui is indeed powerful. Although everyone has never heard of Zhang Zhui's name before, the encrypted call between the Sword Master and Mi Xiu Yuanzun just now. But This person translated it!

In other words, this person's strength is at least the ninth level of True Immortal or even higher...

There's a high probability. Maybe it's also a hidden Venerated Immortal?

"Shouldn't a high-level car be cheaper?" Some people questioned. Although they want to get on the car, the price is too expensive.

"But in our eyes, you are all the same. Once you encounter an insurmountable danger, there is no escape from any state. In the face of a catastrophe, Ah Zi. Golden Core, Foundation Building. Is there any difference?"

Yue Lingwei made a speech, which left many people here speechless: "The reason for the small collection is that we can help you bring back the whole corpse. If you are at a low level, it is easier to spark. And the storage containers are not that expensive. ."

"..." When everyone heard this, the whole place fell silent.

Only Yi Jianchuan in the distance couldn't help but laugh. He thought Yue Lingwei was very interesting.

I'm thinking about whether to take the train with them.

After all, the two major cultivators Xiu Xiu and Mi Xiu have entered. And Yi Jianchuan also received instructions from Huaxiu Yuanzun. Since he is nearby, he might as well follow up and see what is going on.

I can only say that sometimes these words are too blunt. It does hurt people. But the biggest effect is that it directly touches the soul.

Yue Lingwei was clearly telling this group of casual cultivators the dangers of this trip.

And five hundred thousand immortal gold. This is not something that a casual cultivator can easily get.

So he looks like a profiteer by being so arrogant and unreasonable. In fact, he is deliberately setting up obstacles for these casual cultivators.

Because Yue Lingwei and Zhang Zhui knew very well that if this group of people really went in, once a fight started inside, the situation would probably be out of control, and they would all be buried there.

Even if they have great ability to protect so many people at the same time, the focus of their mission is still for Wang Muyu.

The second step is to take the opportunity to find out what happened to the lost Maicoasi.

So Yue Lingwei said, "You can't get in the car or not. You make your own decision." After that, most of the casual cultivators at the scene immediately dispersed.

For them, they simply couldn't afford the money. If they wanted to force their way in, they didn't have much confidence in their own personal strength. Therefore, many people finally calmed down and gave up after Yue Lingwei's words of stimulation.

Of course, Yue Lingwei and Zhang Zhui are not completely out of business.

What neither of them expected was.

The Sword Master actually brought Wang Muyu over...

The scene was embarrassing for a time.

"Two people. One million immortal gold." The sword master laughed and threw the kit directly into Yue Lingwei's hands.

"good."

Yue Ling was relieved that he was in danger. After accepting it, he let the two of them get into the car.

Originally, his mission was to protect Wang Muyu. Now that they were both in the car, it saved him trouble.

Then, Yi Jianchuan snapped his fingers and released Wang Muyu's water polo state directly in front of him.

"Sword Master. Did you let your disciple be exposed like this?"

"It doesn't matter. You two seem to be very particular people. And I can feel that my little apprentice doesn't hate you."

Yue Lingwei, Zhang Zhui, Wang Muyu: "..."

The scene was embarrassing for a time.

Wang Muyu could only pretend not to know the two of them. He bowed respectfully to them and then sat down in the business class with the Sword Master.

The matter has come to this. Zhang Zhui can't resist anymore. Having said that...shouldn't his mission on this trip be to find that Maico Assi? Why are he suddenly tied up to protect Wang Muyu?

"I'm thinking about a question." At the front of the train, Zhang Zhui crossed his arms and said to Yue Lingwei with a sad look on his face: "Say, this guy is so defiant...why does he need normal people to protect him?"

Yue Lingwei raised his eyebrows. He looked at him and said ruthlessly, "But you don't seem to be a normal person."

Zhang Zhui: "..."

As he spoke, he sighed self-deprecatingly: "I'm not even a human being."

Zhang Zhui: "..."

Maritime high-speed rail. This is a luxury car that Lord Diu Lei has collected for many years.

However, it has not been used since it was built. It has been collecting dust on weekdays. This time it was used during sea activities.

I have to say, the car is really fast!

They walked ten minutes later than the Immortal Swordsmen of the major cultivation countries. They actually saw their fleet group very quickly.

"Weird. Our speed is quite fast. But they can't drive so slowly, right?" Zhang Zhui was confused.

At this time, Yue Lingwei slowed down the car and listened carefully. There was a faint sound of quarreling ahead.

Sure enough, going on the road together can easily cause disputes.

Especially when monks from different cultivating countries formed a fleet and sailed together. The harmonious atmosphere of a happy reunion had only been maintained for more than ten minutes, but small regional frictions had already begun to occur.

Yue Lingwei can understand the languages of various countries. After listening carefully and sorting out the clues, he gradually understood everything.

"It's the Curry Country. Their immortal ship broke down. So the overall speed of travel is slowed down."

"But they... shouldn't have the strength to build an immortal ship, right?"

Although Zhang Zhui came to modern times not long ago, he has almost completed his knowledge of the composition of the modern world of cultivation. He also has a clear understanding of the roles played by the major countries of cultivation in today's world of cultivation.

Curry Country does not have the strength to manufacture this generation of immortal ships. This is not Zhang Zhui's fault. It is that a large part of their modern cultivation technology does rely on imports. Therefore, the equipment models are also diverse.

"The immortal ship they are traveling on was purchased from Sun Island. It is native to Sun Island."

"I see... So after anchoring, they had a quarrel with the monks from Sun Island?"

"Yes."

Yue Lingwei nodded: "They said there was a problem with the quality of the immortal ship produced by Sun Island. www.uukanshu.net So the monks from Sun Island were dissatisfied. They felt that the monks from the Curry Kingdom who boarded the ship far exceeded the standard, which caused the anchorage to break down. Question. Didn’t you see? There are people hanging on the fort."

"Good guy. Zhenren is still hanging on it..."

"However, there is a quarrel between three parties now. The other party is the Nanhan monk."

"Why did they join the fight?"

"Because they said that the design of Sun Island's immortal sword was copied from Nanhan's. Nanhan has already applied for World Heritage status. Originally, the two monks didn't like each other. This didn't happen, so it sparked a fire."

"The one who was fighting directly on the boat was..."

"It's the male monk. He drank too much whiskey and felt there was a bit of noise on the other side. So he went up to beat someone. Didn't you hear? There was a good guy playing music {Katyusha} on the immortal ship next door."

"..."





Chapter 2083 The bustling sea area


Monks from major cultivation countries with their own completely different cultivation cultures gathered on the sea. Some were busy hanging out, some were busy bowing, some were busy drinking, some were busy applying for World Heritage, and some were busy Fighting. Others gathered around the railing on the deck to join in the fun.

If we say that monks from different cultivation countries in all mankind have their own regional characteristics and unique labels, then "eating melon" is a quality shared by all human monks.

Not only Yue Lingwei, but also Zhang Zhui was surprised. Even Wang Muyu was looking around. He felt that the monks from other cultivation countries in front of him were really... quite individual.

Such a collision of different cultures is a shock to adults, let alone a child like Wang Muyu.

"It's rare to see such a scene."

Only Yi Jianchuan was as calm as ever. He was sitting in the business class seat, with a calm expression on his face from beginning to end.

As a Jiaochu in the modern world of cultivation, the founding swordsman who witnessed the founding of the Huaxiu Kingdom step by step thousands of years ago and made immortal achievements. He has witnessed the rise, fall and evolution of many cultivation countries. He has also seen the ups and downs of too many people's hearts. .

This is not what Zhang Zhui, Wang Muyu or Yue Lingwei can have.

Yue Lingwei is the "real clone" of Wang Ling. Most of his understanding of modern cultivation still remains at the level of the original owner's experience.

It is rare to see such a scene where the cultures of multiple cultivating countries collide.

Zhang Zhui came from eternity. His understanding of the modern world of cultivation is not too deep.

As for Wang Muyu, let alone that.

Today is a learning opportunity for these three people.

There was a lot of excitement ahead because of the anchorage of the Immortal ship. Fortunately, the situation was quickly resolved. After the navigation was restored to normal, the monks from various countries made peace one after another with the persuasion of peacemakers.

Conflicts and collisions between cultures are normal. The two major cultivator countries, Xiu Xiu and Mi Xiu, took their respective subordinates to travel into the restricted sea area this time. It is unrealistic not to have some conflicts. .

When the route became clear, the lively atmosphere never cooled down. Perhaps it had been a long time since such a large number of earthly monks had entered the restricted area of the sea. Moreover, they were monks from different cultivation countries. It suddenly made the place very lively.

And in addition to the immortal ships representing the major cultivation countries, there are also many casual cultivator ships behind them. Although they do not look as high-tech as the official immortal ships of the cultivation countries, they are still following at full speed as much as possible.

Before, Yue Lingwei persuaded a large number of people to leave. But after all, some people who did not believe in evil still came in.

They followed dozens of immortal ships from the cultivating countries. And the major cultivating countries did not stop them. Because no one knew the dangers of the restricted sea area. At this time, it is always right to join a group to keep warm.

For Mi Xiu Yuan Zun, the more people, the better.

What he wanted was to find out who was behind the conspiracy. The Venerated Immortal he had dug up was seriously injured.

Yue Lingwei operates the maritime high-speed rail, running in parallel with the fleets of the major cultivating countries, but maintaining a relatively long parallel distance.

I wanted to be low-key. But the moment I took this thing out, it was already destined to be low-key...

The fleet group soon noticed the high-speed maritime train running parallel to itself. All the monks in the Xiuzhen Kingdom were shocked.

High-speed rail...can actually go to the sea?

They were surprised by the black technology vehicle Yue Lingwei pulled out at once.

The main thing is that it is too exaggerated. Sixteen carriages are driving on the sea. It looks like a swimming dragon swimming freely in the sea. The key is that it is very flexible in terms of speed and maneuverability.

"Which country is this monk from?"

"I don't know. It looks like a casual cultivator."

The monks in the fleet group were discussing. They were observing from a long distance. They did not find any signs of the cultivation country on this maritime high-speed train. There were no family, sect or organization signs. It looked like it had just left the factory. The whole thing is just a little white dragon in the waves. There is nothing.

No one has studied the origin of this strange maritime high-speed rail in detail.

Because it is right in front of the sea restricted area. You can see a large area of gray-white buildings. This large area of sea buildings has been stationed here for a long time. The buildings are rusty and full of traces of being washed away by the times. You can see groups of them. Iron-eating sharks are wandering nearby. Their bodies are golden yellow. They are even more spectacular under the sunlight. They swim in groups near the building.

They are spiritual beasts whose history can be traced back to ancient times. They are spiritual beasts that have lived on the earth for a long time. At first, they lived on various trace elements in seawater. Now they have evolved to chew iron directly.

"Why are there still buildings in the sea zone?"

Wang Muyu was very curious.

"They are all from the old times. Before the Sea Forbidden Zone was banned, this Fortress was used as an experimental base for various cultivation countries to study the Sea Forbidden Zone. However, after all the human monks withdrew, the fortress was abandoned. Already."

Yi Jianchuan said: "Originally, this fortress was very large. It was a huge sea city. Now it has been eaten down by this iron-eating shark and only this is left."

When he said this, you could see that many ships from the Xiuzhen Kingdom had stopped in front of the fortress. They were casting nets in an attempt to catch iron-eating sharks.

This is a unique creature in the marine restricted area. And today's iron-eating sharks are very big. Catching them is a sure-profit business.

"They came here just to fish? How come they have forgotten what they came here to do?" Wang Muyu laughed.

"Whether it is to seek revenge for Hong Siqi or because he thinks there is a secret in this restricted area, it is essentially for profit. This iron-eating shark is worth a lot of money, and it is exclusive to the restricted area. Now it is difficult to get in. Of course it is. There is no reason to miss." The sword master said.

The most valuable part of the iron-eating shark is the fish roe in its belly. Each particle is golden and as big as a pearl. Although they eat iron all year round, the fish roe in their belly has no fishy smell at all and is sweet. Silky and dense in taste. Not only is it a very high-end ingredient, but it is also the main ingredient in alchemy.

The most important thing is that these fish seeds can also be used to make a very important substance...Sword Spirit Awakening Liquid!

"Sword Spirit Awakening...Liquid? Is there such a thing?" Wang Muyu was shocked.

Because he himself knows the key to the awakening of the sword spirit. It is only after developing a certain relationship with the spirit sword that he can summon the sword spirit that matches him from the Sword King Realm.

Essentially, sword spirits are products of the chaos of the universe. They are unlikely to be cultivated through nurture.

"I can only say that it is theoretically possible." Yi Jianchuan said, "Because modern cultivation scientists have discovered that the roe of the iron-eating shark can react with specific alien soil, giving it the ability to communicate with the chaos of the universe. Smear it on the spirit sword. It can accelerate the perception of the spirit sword and the sword spirit... Therefore, the value of a tube of sword spirit awakening fluid is also sky-high. It requires a total of 10 million immortal gold."

"So teacher, tell me the truth. Is this really useful?"

"I said, it's theoretically possible. And the effective ingredient is difficult to extract. Muyu. Have you ever tasted egg soup?"

"Drink."

"Then have you ever tasted seawater egg soup?"

"I understand. Teacher..."

If you like the daily life of the Immortal King, please collect it: () The Daily Life of the Immortal King. Girls' Classmate Network is updated the fastest.





Chapter 2084 Sword Heart Fearless


Latest website: Just because you have never heard of it does not mean that you have never heard of it. Although Sword Spirit Awakening Liquid sounds like nonsense, since there is a theoretical possibility, there is also an IQ tax.

Especially for modern Cultivation Malls. There are always unscrupulous merchants who like to use the brand name of well-known Cultivation University or medical family. They use a lot of theoretical knowledge that is not yet clear and use high-tech cloaks to produce those IQ tax products.

Nano, quantum, which were popular back then...the Sword Spirit Awakening Liquid that is popular now, are essentially the same type of thing.

Just like Juggernaut said, it is difficult to extract the active ingredients of Sword Spirit Awakening Liquid, so the cost becomes extremely high. Therefore, in order to save costs, manufacturers usually play word games.

For example, first add 30% of the active ingredients to a cup of solution. Then pour the cup of water directly into the water tank. Then the entire water tank is equivalent to having 30% of the active ingredients.

And this... is what Yi Jianchuan calls seawater egg drop soup...

Therefore, as long as there is demand in the market, similar products will only appear in an endless stream. Eventually, those black traders will be fed up.

"There will never be a shortage of people in the world who are eager for quick success...if you can't calm down, you are destined to suffer."

The sword master's expression was calm. He had no interest at all in the iron-eating sharks that were being captured by the fleets of various cultivating countries. The calmness and detachment on his face showed a distinctive confidence.

He even felt that what he said was not straightforward enough. After all, Wang Muyu was still young. So he used a very easy-to-understand example to explain to Wang Muyu: "Does Muyu know... Bingdundun?"

"Is it the mascot that's been very popular lately, teacher?"

"That's right." Yi Jianchuan nodded: "Look, it's because of those who are eager for success that scalpers who buy and resell are born. Maybe this example is not quite appropriate. I hope you can understand."

"I understand. Teacher." Wang Muyu laughed.

The little guy is well-behaved, sensible, and highly savvy. If it weren't for Wang Muyu, Yi Jianchuan might not have known that he liked children so much.

Although Yi Zhiyang was adopted by him as his adopted son... his Sword talent is higher than that of ordinary young monks. But this kid's mental stability is too poor. He can cultivate the Wuji Sword, but he cannot master the Wuji Sword. new heights.

In fact, Yi Jianchuan originally thought that Yi Zhiyang was not that bad. But the more he compared with Wang Muyu, the more he discovered that the gap between people could be so big...

Some children are Golden Core at a young age.

Some children become autistic after a competition, and they haven't completely come out of it yet.

If Yi Zhiyang heard the Sword Master's voice, he would be very desperate inside. He would almost report his ID number directly.

At the same time, if he knew Wang Muyu's identity, he would feel even more aggrieved.

The contrast between gods and humans...

This Wang Muyu is not a human being!

Boom!

At this moment, Wang Muyu, who was sitting comfortably in the cabin, suddenly felt the little white dragon in the waves they were riding on suddenly shake violently.

Ahead, one wave after another turned into a sea wall and emerged. One after another, it stretched endlessly. This was a sign that something huge was emerging from below.

The sea restricted area already lurks huge risks. And for a long time, this area has been bounded by the Yuan Zun of the major cultivating countries... This means that the underwater creatures here have also been extremely protected. . May give birth to unimaginable giant Neptune-like spiritual beasts.

Immortal fleets from major cultivating countries captured large numbers of iron-eating sharks around the abandoned fortress. The giant creature under the sea seemed to be offended. It felt like it was being disturbed, so it took the initiative to fight back.

Boom!

The huge golden fin is a hundred feet long. From a distance, it looks like a folding fan under the sunlight. It is gorgeous and unreal. But at the same time, it is full of risks.

Iron-eating Shark King?

Judging from the fins, it is not difficult to conclude that this is the leader of the group of sharks. The iron-eating shark king.

But this head is too big!

What's even more terrifying is that the broad and thick fins are covered with strange, obscure and terrifying runes. There is a terrifying secret power attached to them. It is definitely not something that is restricted to the sea, or should exist on the earth today!

Even if the Sea Zone is blocked by a barrier for hundreds of years, it's impossible!

"This smell...isn't right."

Almost at the moment when the shark king appeared, Wang Muyu, Yue Lingwei, and Zhang Zhui realized something was wrong almost at the same time.

This is a power far beyond the current level of the earth.

Apart from them, even Yi Jianchuan was surprised.

However, what was even more surprising was that almost at the moment when he had a premonition of danger, the swordsman immediately stood up from the cockpit, pressed the emergency brake button of the maritime high-speed train, and jumped into the void from the opened top door.

"Teacher..." Wang Muyu was shocked by this awe-inspiring righteousness. The Venerated Immortal realm can already sense the universe. The sword master should clearly know that what he is facing is no longer an ordinary spiritual beast on the earth. But one that kills people. Scary monster.

Although he didn't know how this iron-eating shark king had evolved to this point and could possess such amazing spiritual power, he was still fearless in his heart. He was righteous and faced the difficulties head on.

At that moment, his body turned into golden holy light and fell from the sky. It was surrounded by endless sea water and headed towards the Shark King.

The Huaxiu monk has a pure nature. It stands to reason that in such a restricted sea area, the immortal fleets of various countries were attacked. He could have just let go. But Yi Jianchuan still rushed to the front.

Although the speed is already very fast, the destructive power of this Shark King is equally astonishing. The fins of the shark flipped, and several ships exploded on the sea. They were not cut in two, but the moment they were hit, they were struck by powerful psychic energy. It was directly impacted into granular fragments. It melted on the sea surface on the spot.

Of the monks on several ships, only the monks on the outside managed to escape by flying into the air. The rest inside the ship were all spared.

What a terrifying and ferocious psychic power...

A slap. www.uukanshu.net crushed all the monks under True Immortal. They didn't even bleed. They all instantly turned into dust and ashes along with the hull.

In the face of absolute power, it seems that the most advanced modern cultivation technology is a vulnerable toy. Everyone has seen such a terrifying giant spiritual beast. Especially one with unseen eternal runes on its fins. Let All the monks from different countries were stunned.

In the horror, some people thought of asking for help. But the Shark King's psychic energy was too fierce. It seemed that a special magnetic field was formed around it, making it impossible for the signals of all their ships to be radiated to the outside world.

"It was Qiao Yanyuan...he did it."

Inside the maritime high-speed rail. Wang Muyu looked at this scene.

He could see that the runes of the iron-eating shark emperor that had evolved to a terrifying level... were the marks of the dragon clan!

Could it be that Qiao Yanyuan's dragon-born ability can super-evolve designated creatures?

7017k





Chapter 2085 Zhang Zhui takes action


Latest website: Giant Shark King. With just one roll, he smashed several ships with his own spiritual power. The monks on board were all blown to pieces in an instant.

This kind of ability far exceeds Venerated Immortal. It is not something that the monks from all over the world can compete with.

Qiao Yanyuan had never revealed his true ability before. Now Wang Muyu's judgment based on the actual situation at hand is just his own personal guess.

This ability is similar to the "Great Enlightenment Technique" in Heavenly Dao, but it is fundamentally different. It directly allows this giant shark king to surpass its own genes on the original basis. Now it is a fusion of dragon blood. It is an alien monster with extraordinary abilities. No ordinary spiritual beast on earth can match it.

Wang Muyu knew it very well, because Qiao Yanyuan's Moonlight was deep in the restricted area of the sea. It was a base on the earth specially chosen by Honghuang.

But who could have imagined that this base quietly planted on the earth would be attacked by a group of cultivation ships from various countries. Monks from various countries gathered here and fished here in a lively manner. This pair of Qiao Yanyuan came to Said it hurt.

Honghuang has not yet developed. As the latest helmsman who took over Mingyue Ye's role in Honghuang, and at the same time Bai Zhe's most trusted subordinate, Qiao Yanyuan's ruthlessness is evident.

If he does it more secretly, he can create many mysterious events to create panic. He can also make this group of monks retreat in the face of difficulties.

But he did not choose to do this. Instead, he directly used some of his own power to arrange such a giant shark king to directly start attacking and killing.

Venerated Immortal, Sage Immortal...

After the Venerable Realm is the Holy Realm. And after the Holy Realm is the "Dao Realm". That is, Dao Immortal, Dao Supreme, Dao God.

Starting from the Dao Ancestor realm after Dao God, it is the "ancestral realm".

The shark king in front of him is at least a Taoist creature. It is definitely not something that his teacher, Sword Master, can handle.

Not to mention now. His teacher is blocking the enemy while still trying to save people as much as possible.

Wang Muyu was extremely worried. He and the Sword Master had known each other for a long time, but the relationship between master and disciple only lasted for more than half a day.

But sometimes I have to admit that a person's personality charm is really the key to making people quickly change their minds.

"The teacher is in danger!"

Wang Muyu was anxious and wanted to take action directly.

brush!

Someone blocked his way. He stared at Wang Muyu and said, "Don't touch the wooden fish yet. Leave this matter to me first."

The speaker is Zhang Zhui. He is just a creature in the Tao realm. He is an eternal being and can still kill indiscriminately.

Moreover, it is not appropriate for Wang Muyu to expose himself in public at this time. Monks from all over the world are here. If he takes action, everyone will be able to see his appearance. It will not be clear at that time.

And Zhang Zhui's instinct told him that this was to lure the tiger away from the mountain.

Bai Zhe probably didn't give up on arresting Wang Muyu, so he had to guard against it. So he chose to go out alone to rescue the siege. In addition, Yue Lingwei was left in the little white dragon to accompany Wang Muyu, and he was still in a comatose state. The two Ouyang brothers.

After seeing Wang Muyu worried about the Sword Master, Zhang Zhui stopped the little guy directly and curled his lips.

Nowadays, his appearance is radiant. The smile still shows the shadow of his youth. He is arrogant and domineering: "As long as I am here, it is not your turn to take action. Your teacher paid for it." Yes. At this moment, I am the bodyguard you hired."

After saying that, he turned into a stream of light and came out from Xiaobailong's skylight.

Although the Sword Master had long known that Zhang Zhui was no ordinary person, this sudden burst of spiritual power still surprised him.

Zhang Xi turned into a stream of light and was seen running around in the field. Yi Jianchuan could not see his figure at all.

It can only be said that Zhang Zhui's speed is too fast. Everything around him is moving at such a high speed. Everything he sees seems to be slowed down.

Those monks who were in panic or about to be beaten to pieces by the Shark Emperor's fins were all rescued by Zhang Zhui in an instant.

It can only be said that this eternal thief deserves to be the eternal thief. Wang Muyu also discovered. It turns out that Zhang Zhui's specialty is not "stealing". It is purely based on speed!

Not only is his hand speed fast, but his movement speed is also quite amazing.

He rescued the monks on the ship who were about to be crushed into ashes one by one, and then suddenly threw them far away to a safe position in the rear.

In less than a second, Zhang Zhui had rescued more than a hundred people.

Those who were rescued did not even know what was happening. They were picked up by Zhang Zhui's collars and taken away as if they were carrying chickens. Then they transformed into human cannonballs and were ejected to a safe area by Zhang Zhui. . It landed in a parabola. It hit the sea in the distance and caused a huge splash.

Yi Jianchuan noticed that Zhang Zhui threw these monks directly towards the entrance of the sea restricted area that was smashed by the male cultivators. And the distance was extremely far.

I'm afraid I can't just throw it back to the entrance and leave the restricted area directly...

Saved everyone. It took less than three seconds in total.

It's a pity that some of them were smashed to pieces by the sudden giant shark king before Zhang Zhui could take action. They were completely destroyed, and they couldn't even be saved.

"Who is this fellow Taoist?" In the void, Yi Jianchuan stood with his hands behind his back and stared at Zhang Zhui. He had never heard of such a person. But Zhang Zhui spoke Mandarin very well, allowing him to speak 100% It is asserted that this is a person with Huaxiu bloodline.

"Hey. In this case, don't worry about who I am. The person has been rescued. This thing needs to be dealt with now." Zhang Zhui waved his hand and did not directly answer the sword master's words.

Huaxiu bloodline?

That's not...

If this was calculated based on seniority, there is no guarantee that some of the monks on the earth today are his descendants.

After all, when he was young, Zhang Zhui was a romantic. He was the eternal thief and the eternal lover. According to modern terms, he was the King of the Sea.

But in the Eternal Period, the society at that time was relatively feudal. It was not as good as the modern society of scientific cultivation and rule of law. It was normal for men to have three wives and four concubines. www.uukanshu.net

As for Zhang Zhui, his concept is different. Anyway, according to his own description at the time, he is an honest gardener. He has no other hobbies. He just likes to sow seeds.

But facing the Sword Master, it was hard for him to tell me directly that I might be the ancestor of Xie.

So I had no choice but to fool around with it.

Turn all your attention to the giant shark king in front of you.

I saw him. Rolling up one sleeve, his hands turned into eagle claws, and he directly reached down from the void. In an understatement, the thick fins were torn open by his hands.

Yi Jianchuan took a breath of air.

He could feel how powerful this monster was.

But even so, this terrifying monster is as brittle as a piece of paper in Zhang Zhui's hands...

7017k





Chapter 2086 Something that shocked Wang Ling


Latest website: Zhang Zhui looked calm and composed. His eyes were as bright as a torch. He glanced at the forcibly evolved monster below.

After reshaping his face, the arrogant and domineering spirit from the Eternal Period appeared at the same time, making his entire person's domineering appearance appear.

Although the name Eternal Thief seems unpalatable in modern times, in the Eternal Era, Zhang Zhui was also a well-known missionary.

The Eternal Ones are beyond the earth. They are the earliest batch of human monks. Their realm is far beyond the current level of knowledge on the earth.

Zhang Zhui knew that what happened to him would probably scare the sword master. But the current situation was critical and he had to take action. As for the explanation...

Then we can only wait until later to find a way to round it off.

He tore off the fins of the King Shark with his hands. This scene still shocked everyone here.

Who could have imagined that a monster that even monks in the Holy Realm find difficult to deal with. A monster that can completely explode its psychic energy by flipping its fins and blow up ships... is actually fragile in this man's hands. To the point where there is no room left to fight back.

This is a monk who is beyond recognition. Especially under the strong contrast of this battle environment. How can everyone not be frightened?

But what Zhang Zhui didn't expect was that the next second, the world-famous swordsman stood with his hands behind his back. He looked at him calmly and asked through the message.

"Are you. The Aeon?"

He looked at Zhang Zhui. The sound was not loud, but it made Zhang Zhui feel like his scalp was numb.

Yi Jianchuan actually knows the Eternal One?

Zhang Zhui was stunned. He never expected that Yi Jianchuan would know about the existence of the Eternal One.

Including this moment, Wang Ling, who was secretly monitoring everything from a distance, was also stunned.

It can be said that this is an unexpected situation that was completely unexpected. Wang Ling thought that the existence of the Eternal Ones was a secret matter. With the current level of the earth's monks, it is impossible to know that there are a group of living fossil-level characters.

But I didn't expect that now the sword master would directly ask in an understatement. At least it proves that this matter has been rumored among high-level cultivators from various countries for a long time. And it is no longer a secret.

Wang Ling feels that this is a big miscalculation on his part.

After all, he is only a seventeen-year-old kid...

The world of adults is far more complicated than he imagined.

Take Huaxiu for example.

It has a history of civilization of nearly five thousand years since the founding of the country. Among the cultivation countries in the world today, there is the oldest culture and civilization. It can maintain a historical civilization for such a long time. The wisdom from the ancestors is far beyond the reach of other people.

So Wang Ling judged. As for the Eternal One, as a confidant of Huaxiu Yuan Zun, the Sword Master knew about this matter. Then Mr. Yuan Zun must also have some understanding of the Eternal One.

Maybe not as thoroughly as he knows. But he definitely knows that in the long history of human cultivation, there has been such a glorious history of eternal cultivation.

Wang Ling speculates that they can know the Eternal One. A large part of the reason may be those extraterrestrial meteorites.

The history of the universe is too long. It is not surprising to find some possible results from the analysis of meteorites. Although the world of eternal cultivation is located in the infinite galaxy and is far away from the location of current earth civilization, it cannot always be ruled out that meteorites from the eternal period have fallen. Possibility of landing on Earth.

Wang Ling even felt that Huaxiu Yuanzun's level might have been secretly observing some known Eternals.

And Wang Ling also knows that some of the Eternals do disguise themselves as normal monks and live on the current earth.

It can be said that at this point, the showdown has been made openly.

Wang Ling really feels that Zhang Zhui no longer needs to hide anything.

Zhang Zhui originally thought that he could hide everything from the sword master, but he didn't expect that among all the monks here, he was the one who could see it most clearly.

It was he who underestimated Yi Jianchuan. And he felt that Wang Ling's vision was indeed vicious. Such a person was indeed qualified to be Wang Muyu's teacher.

If Yi Jianchuan lived forever and had the same Taoism as him, with the same Taoism, his realm would only be stronger than his own.

"It turns out that the Sword Master is aware of our existence." After getting Wang Ling's permission, Zhang Zhui decided to show off directly.

"Just a guess."

Yi Jianchuan said: "Except for Mr. Huaxiu Yuanzun, no one has seen the Eternal One. Of course, I don't know if that person is the Eternal One. I am just observing."

"Oh? I wonder if the Sword Master can tell me? Maybe it's someone I know."

At this time, Zhang Zhui and Wang Ling were both curious.

Wang Ling is in the ancestral land, but remotely directs Zhang Zhui's inquiry. He really wants to know who the Eternal One Huaxiu Yuanzun has been secretly observing.

"Maybe he is the Eternal One. Maybe... he is just an ordinary mortal. Master Yuan Zun has been observing this person for a long time. He is so detailed that you can't imagine. He even went to his house in person. He just treated it as a casual chat with a friend. . But this person is really too cautious." When Yi Jianchuan said this, he couldn't help but sigh.

"Who is it?" Zhang Zhui became even more curious.

When he saw that the monster underneath showed signs of activity, he directly raised his hand and slapped him again. He slapped the Shark Emperor on the sea surface very roughly.

When eating melon, the most annoying thing is someone interrupting me.

Seeing that the sword master was hesitant, he quickly said: "Sword Master, don't worry. I'm not a bad person. If I were a bad person, I wouldn't be able to come to the rescue at this time. You should know that most of the Eternal Ones are hidden. Since what you have observed, That person has never shown any clues. This further proves that we are not in a critical moment and will not reveal our identity easily. To tell the truth, what does the death of these people have to do with me?"

He said truthfully: "In the final analysis, it's because I saw that you, Sword Master, are a man with a fearless sword heart, so I decided to help you. I don't want a kind and righteous person like you to die at the hands of such a monster. ."

It can only be said that Zhang Zhui is worthy of being Zhang Zhui. As the eternal King of the Sea, he does have some abilities of his own.

This smooth talk was not fake. The sword master was immediately shocked when he heard it.

If Zhang Zhui hadn't taken action, he really wouldn't have been able to deal with the monster in front of him.

This is the truth.

Yi Jianchuan felt that he could not refute.

So, after a moment of silence, he finally spoke to Zhang Zhui.

But the person he was talking about was quite surprising.

Even Wang Ling.

It is also impossible for eight lifetimes to imagine who the Eternal One that Huaxiu Yuanzun has been secretly monitoring...

"This person's full name in the modern world of cultivation. www.uukanshu.net is: Wang Jiao."

Wang Ling, Zhang Zhui: "???"

"His identity now is that of an Internet expert. His pen name is: Wang Situ."

Yi Jianchuan thought for a moment and continued to tell more details about this "Hidden One".

Hearing Wang Ling almost choked on his own saliva.

All I can say is that this is indeed a pain in the balls that ordinary people cannot understand.

But it happened that Wang Ling happened to...

It turns out that Huaxiu Yuanzun has been reading what his father wrote. Qingqing didn’t think the book was well written at all. Instead, he thought his father was the Eternal One...

I have been observing him secretly!





Limited extra chapter for Valentine's Day 2022: Immortal King's "lonely" lover...


Preliminary summary: The timeline of this extra chapter is when Wang Ling & Sun Rong were 29 years old. At this time, Sun Rong had just given birth to Wang Shu. Wang Shu’s age was: half a year old.

text:

There is a saying that life is impermanent. The big intestine wraps up the small intestine...

Wang Ling never dreamed that one day he would be able to take care of a baby himself.

He thinks that he is quite qualified as a father. After all, he often helped change his sister's diapers when Wang Nuan was a child.

That was the first time he experienced facing a new born little life. That kind of nervousness, urgency and various cautious emotions. Although Talisman suppressed his emotions, there was a feeling in his heart. He felt that Wang Nuan was him. A very special existence in life.

He likes his sister very much.

So almost when Wang Nuan was a child, Wang Ling had already mastered various routine operations skills of a nanny, such as preparing milk powder, changing diapers, and coaxing him to sleep.

The children in Old Wang's family basically drink milk powder. Even if they are breast-fed, they have to express the breast milk first and put it in a special bottle for consumption. Otherwise, they are easily in danger...

As for the danger, Wang Ling cannot elaborate in detail. After all, the children of the Old Wang family have been extremely destructive since the generation of Wang Ling.

These skills he mastered back then are now used on his son Wang Shu. It is really the benefit of preparing lessons in advance.

Of course. Preparing milk powder, feeding, changing diapers, etc. are not the most difficult aspects of raising a baby in Wang Ling's opinion.

Um...

And now. Wang Ling stared at little Wang Shu, who was less than half a year old, and fell into the "fear" in his heart again.

That's right. All the children in the Old Wang family are in their infancy. The scariest and most thrilling part.

That's... burping...

Of course it would be good if the photo can be taken smoothly.

But if Jin is not careful, it is very likely that he will directly shoot a Qiankun Demon Penetrating Light Killing Cannon that destroys the Death Ray series...

It is not impossible to drill a hole directly into the earth and open it directly.

But it was different from Wang Nuan. Wang Shu was born at full term. There was no secret cultivation medicine like Mother Wang when she gave birth to Wang Nuan.

At that time, the birth of Wang Nuan was accelerated. The main reason was that Mother Wang was an ordinary person in the body-refining stage. In the modern world of cultivation, Mother Wang was really a housewife with stronger strength and longer life in the body-refining stage. Therefore, it is a wise choice to give birth to Wang Nuan as soon as possible after becoming pregnant.

This directly guarantees the safety of two people at the same time.

And soon after Ah Nuan girl was born, with the development of Eternal Talisman, the quality of Ah Nuan girl's childhood was guaranteed. She no longer needed to be as cautious as Wang Ling was when she was a child, for fear of laughing and fighting with her friends. Send the person directly to the morgue...

As for why I chose to let Wang Shu be born at full term.

On the one hand, it is also because Sun Rong's realm far exceeds that of Mother Wang. Especially the realm of combat power that can be achieved after the Aohai human sword is united. It can even reach directly above the ancestral realm. It is beyond the reach of many eternal beings.

On the other hand, this is also Wang Ming's suggestion.

When Wang Shu was one month pregnant, Wang Ming suggested that Sun Rong also wear the Eternal Talisman and then take off the Talisman until Wang Shu was full term.

There is an advantage to doing this. That is, it can help Wang Shu learn how to control his powerful power when he was still in his mother's womb.

If everything goes well, and with diligent study and guidance after birth, Wangshu may not need to wear the Eternal Talisman. He will be able to skillfully control the powerful power he possesses.

Although wearing Talisman can indeed help Wang Ling and Wang Nuan live a normal life to a certain extent. But having something stuck on their bodies every day is like putting a piece of dog skin plaster on them. The feeling is indeed uncomfortable.

It is the dream of the children of the Old Wang family to be able to release their power independently. Wang Ling is still working hard. And it feels like he will be able to take off the Talisman in a short time. He will be able to take off the Talisman freely without relying on the Eternal Talisman.

But in order to let my son get rid of the pain of applying dog skin plaster as soon as possible.

Wang Ling feels that this matter must be dealt with from a young age. Therefore, as soon as Wang Shu is born, he does not wear any seal to seal Talisman. There are no additional restrictions. He relies entirely on his own control of power.

So far, not much has happened...

But burping is a physiological reaction. Sometimes Wang Shu wants to control it, but he can't control it.

After all, Wang Ling witnessed with his own eyes how destructive the anti-air beams sprayed by his sister were when he was a child. Therefore, he couldn't help but shed cold sweat on his cheeks when facing Wang Shu.

When the little guy is half a year old, he is very particular about the milk he usually drinks. At first, he drank breast milk. Now he drinks special milk powder jointly developed by Wang Ming and Immortal Toya. Occasionally, he drinks some milk powder brought by Wang Muyu. Here comes the Dragon Milk Powder.

Since Muyu unified the dragon clan, although the dragon clan has not revived to the glorious days of the past, the true pure-blooded dragon has been reappeared through DNA traceability technology through the genes of Wang Muyu's omnipotent dragon.

The Dragon Clan milk powder has now become a popular product sold by the Dragon Clan throughout the universe.

Expensive value.

It’s hard to find a jar out there.

But Wang Ling is available as much as you want.

That little guy Wang Muyu seemed to be sending truckloads of food to him for free.

I almost gave the little female dragons in the dragon farm specializing in milk production an emo treatment.

To this day, he and Wang Muyu still have separate relationships.

He regarded Wang Muyu as his younger brother.

But what about Wang Muyu? He calls him brother in front of outsiders, but still calls him dad in private... which makes Wang Ling very embarrassed.

...

At this time, Wang Ling held Xiao Wangshu skillfully. His palms gently landed on the little guy's back. The palms of his hands were half empty. The technique was very particular.

At the same time, while burping, Wang Ling was also observing the change in Xiao Wangshu's face. If it turned into an abnormal blue-purple color, Wang Ling would immediately teleport to an alien planet. Wang Shu aimed at an uninhabited alien planet and blasted out the blocked milk burps.

However, this will always lead to bad habits.

Just like people, once you are lazy, you will develop laziness.

Therefore, unless it is absolutely necessary, Wang Ling will not easily move positions with his royal skills.

Fortunately, the little guy is also very upbeat.

He held it in for a while, and then quickly let out a soft and long "uh"...

In the words of Wang Ling.

Wang Shu is well-behaved. He doesn't look like a boy. According to Father Wang and Mother Wang, he has a casual personality. When he is quiet, he is a quiet handsome man. When he is serious, he is also decisive and straightforward. temper.

One thing is the same as Ah Nuan girl. She also has a precocious constitution. She basically knows a little bit about everything.

Wang Ling is feeling emotional.

Then, a sound of milky milk directly broke the warm atmosphere of fatherly kindness and sonly filial piety.

"Dad, aren't you tired from holding me? You can put me down now." Wang Shu looked at Wang Ling and said.

Yes. He is only half a year old. This little guy can already speak. And he also speaks a fluent Beijing accent...

Wang Ling Sometimes I even think that this little guy is good at everything. He is also well-behaved. But speaking too early ruins his cute image. Although his voice is very childish, I don’t know where I learned the Beijing accent. He always has his own accent. He has the air of an old man from a courtyard house.

"..." Helpless. Wang Ling had no choice but to gently put Wang Shu back on the carpet.

I saw the little guy heading towards the bathroom. Wang Ling just reached out to hug him. But I saw the little guy twisted his face. With a bright smile on his chubby face, he said, "I can go to the bathroom by myself."

He said this.

Who would have thought...

The baby is only half a year old and can already pee on his own in the toilet.

Although the posture is strange.

Because he is not tall enough, Wang Shu is to levitate his body and perform flying down three thousand feet while suspended in mid-air.

"Dad, today is Valentine's Day. You should go out to celebrate the festival with our mother. You can leave me alone." Wang Shuchong Wang Ling said.

Wang Ling looked at the time. It was now half past six in the evening.

Sun Rong is still a very strong female entrepreneur. She is busy with her career day and night.

But on Valentine's Day, they made an appointment to have dinner at the newly opened interstellar restaurant in Tianhuan Fortress while watching the falling stars.

But Wang Ling could never worry about his son. For the past six months, he had been taking care of Wang Shu at home all the time.

As a result, the little guy couldn't bear it any longer. He directly urged Wang Ling to hurry up.

Wang Ling was worried: "Uncle Diu Lei and Uncle Ying. How about...I call them here?"

"But they also have to celebrate the holidays."

Xiao Wang Shu shook his head and objected: "It's okay. I won't have any problems at home alone. I can just study by myself."

That's right...

Study alone. This is also one of the characteristics of a well-behaved little guy.

The king of emperors, generals and ministers! The magic that can save the world!

Wang Ling Remember. Less than a month after birth, the little guy can already analyze his own name. Although the handwriting is not very beautiful, it is not easy for a baby.

As for the rest of the homework. Wang Ling I thought that the little guy would just memorize poems and the like. But now I saw Wang Shu pull out the {Differential Geometry Lecture Notes} from under the sofa and prepare to learn nonlinear partial equations. Differential equation. Wang Ling The expression on the entire face was filled with shock.

On the surface, he is a literary boy. But on the inside, he is a science guy?

Of course. Wang Ling's surprise does not lie here.

It's because he and his son have been getting along day and night these days. But he has no idea that his son is secretly studying and practicing behind his back!

How old is this? It’s so curly...

"What are you doing standing there in a daze? Go quickly." Wang Shu couldn't stand it anymore and urged him.

Wang Ling changed into the clothes he had prepared in advance. When he left home, he turned back every step of the way. He seemed afraid that something would happen to Wang Shu.

Just opened the door.

Then I saw Sun Rong standing at the door wearing an evening dress that exposed most of her shoulders.

"I was just going to find you..." Wang Ling said as he looked at Sun Rong in astonishment.

Look at this. She must have just planned to use face recognition to enter the door. But she happened to meet Wang Ling.

This was dressed up carefully by Sun Rong for today's Valentine's Day. Looking at his wife's snow-white shoulders and back, Wang Ling just took a deep breath. He took off his coat on the spot and gave it to Sun RongCover.

He blushed slightly and muttered softly while covering up his clothes: "In the future, you are not allowed to wear so little..."

"I thought you only wanted your son and didn't want me anymore." Sun Rong hugged him naturally. His heartbeat began to speed up unconsciously: "I've finished all my work for now. I can do it later. Stay with you at home."

"Going to a restaurant?"

"What restaurant are we going to? Everyone is here. I just want to see you quickly."

"That gift..."

"Forget it. Don't give me another diamond planet."

"Then what do you want?"

"I want you to deliver!"

"..."

"Tonight! Right now...right now!"

...

[For more extra information, please lock in this VX public account: Ku Xuanjun]

If you like the daily life of the Immortal King, please collect it: () The Daily Life of the Immortal King. Girls' Classmate Network is updated the fastest.





Chapter 2087 Human-to-human transmission of ideological changes occurs


Latest website: What will be the reaction when human-to-human transmission of ideological dissemination occurs?

Wang Ling Even though his face was paralyzed, the expression on his face still made the corners of his mouth twitch several times at the speed of light... because it was a shock coming from within.

In my memory, it started when Father Wang used the pen name Wang Situ. After experiencing the initial trough period, the creative path became smoother.

Especially when Father Wang himself found out that even Master Yuan Zun also watched Xiuzhen and was also his fan. The excitement was self-evident.

However, the Wang family has always advocated keeping a low profile. Even if they were excited, they would not express it in person. Therefore, when Yuan Zun came to visit the Wang family's villa several times, Father Wang seemed extremely calm.

Now Wang Ling thought about it carefully. He felt that maybe it was Father Wang's calmness that gave Master Yuan Zun the illusion of being a worldly master...

And since Mr. Yuan Zun came into contact with Father Wang, Father Wang's performance has almost skyrocketed. He writes a popular book without mentioning it. Sometimes he even just draws up an outline and is rushed by Party A to buy the copyright. .

And the origins of these Party A are not simple. They are either the masters of heaven-level sects or famous entrepreneurs in the cultivation circle. Somehow, all of them claim to be fans of Father Wang.

Even Father Wang himself is baffled as to why his mediocre writing can attract so many readers.

Following the trend and herd mentality on the Internet directly made Father Wang the most popular writer in the Internet literary circle.

But to be honest. In fact, Wang Ling, a son, doesn’t quite understand what’s so good about Father Wang’s book. The characters are so cheeky. There’s not a single chapter left unsaid about the plot. The jokes are also special. It’s dense. People without any experience or knowledge can’t understand where the laughter lies.

And the most important thing is that the heroine in the book can actually disappear for more than a thousand chapters...it was not until the middle period that a large part of the plot was rearranged.

If I am not the biological child of Father Wang. Wang Ling feels that the author of this online article may have been kicked in the head by a donkey.

He was puzzled to understand how Yuan Zun became obsessed with Father Wang's books.

As a result, I didn't expect to get the answer today...

...

On the other side, Zhang Zhui fell into silence for a long time on the sea surface where the smell of fresh blood oozed from the Shark King.

It was a shock. But in Yi Jianchuan's view, he felt that Zhang Zhui seemed to be remembering something: "Do you know this person?"

"I don't know." Zhang Zhui shook his head naturally. And he was very decisive.

He is a veteran of the Jianghu. And this lie has been told from eternity to now.

Even if it is a false statement, he will not blush or even have a slight expression when it comes out of his mouth.

Therefore, even the swordsman Yi Jianchuan, who is also an old martial artist, did not find anything unusual. Compared to Zhang Zhui, there is still a gap in his conduct.

After shaking his head, Zhang Zhui added: "The name Wang Situ and the name Wang Jiao have never been heard of in all eternity. Maybe I have other friends who know about it. But at least, I have never heard of it. "

"Is that so?"

Yi Jianchuan frowned: "So Mr. Yuan Zun is just a suspicion after all. He has no evidence to prove Wang Jiao's identity. He just thinks that this person is unusual. If it is an eternal person, such a powerful person, the child should be born as well. Very strong. But his son, Mr. Yuan Zun, has gone to observe. His aura is unremarkable. Except for that pretty face, he has almost no cultivation talent at all. He is estimated to have cultivated to the Golden Core in this life. That's it. It's over."

"..."

"Moreover, Mr. Tenglu Chenteng from Jiutian Jingmiyuan has also gone to verify it. I think this child is just like that. At most, he is just a little lucky. Some immortal fate has been added to his luck. Therefore, he participates in various competitions. Can successfully win the championship."

"..."

Zhang Zhui heard this and suppressed his laughter.

Although this is not the first time I have heard other people's comments about Wang Ling from other people's mouths, such derogatory comments are really rare.

"Master Yuan Zun has been paying attention for many years. Didn't he find anything at all?"

"Honestly. No."

Yi Jianchuan shook his head and said: "In other words, he may have discovered some clues. He just didn't tell me directly. Wang Situ's family gave birth to a daughter a while ago. Lord Yuanzun even went to observe it and found that their daughter . It's very ordinary. The whole family is just an ordinary person."

After saying that, he sighed and waved his hand: "That's all. Let's not discuss these for now. The things in front of us are more important."

Yi Jianchuan looked at the sea surface stained with blood and frowned slightly.

He could probably guess that this kind of spiritual beast that far exceeded the level of the earth world must be instigated by someone behind the scenes and did it deliberately.

So anyone who has the ability to summon such a monster is probably an Eternal One.

"Get in the car." Seeing that Shark King had been knocked over by Zhang Zhui, he called Zhang Zhui again to get on the little white dragon in the waves.

"Juggernaut wait."

Zhang Zhui stopped him.

"What else?"

"You should know who you are going to face next. I don't think you need to follow us. It's probably safest to leave with the wooden fish."

"You are the One of Eternity. I am the Sword Master of this world. Why should I be afraid."

Yi Jianchuan smiled and said: "I can open up the sea of spiritual energy and rise to a sudden level. I can kill those Hong Si Qi. Naturally, I can also kill other people."

This is the true fearlessness of the sword. Even without a sword in your hand, you can accomplish great things just by relying on the faith in your heart.

Just such a state of mind. Not even many eternal beings have it.

Zhang Zhui knew that there were some Eternals who had escaped from the Supreme Corpse Map and even joined other races in the universe. In order to survive, they had to endure hardships to survive in the universe.

Some of them are princes of the same clan, or key descendants of bloodline inheritance.

If this sword master had been alive forever, he probably would not have done such a spineless thing.

"It seems that you should have known that this accident would happen." At this time, when Zhang Zhui was stunned. www.uukanshu.net Yi Jianchuan said again.

"I probably guessed that he would take action. But I didn't expect that he would do it in this way."

Zhang Zhui sighed. Although he rescued more than 70% of the people, when the Shark Emperor first appeared, he still killed 30% of the monks from all over the world.

And they were not injured. They were crushed into powder and blended into the air. There was no chance of treatment.

"The more arrogant the enemy is. The more he wants to use this method to intimidate. It means the more afraid he is. On the contrary, he doesn't want his affairs to be exposed here."

"I guess. I'm afraid the other party didn't expect that one day so many monks would break into this deserted Earth Sea restricted area at the same time."

Yi Jianchuan guessed a lot. He couldn't help laughing.

Then, his expression suddenly became solemn: "I don't care what his origin is, but this restricted area of the sea is already the territory jointly owned by the monks of our earth. Those who offend our earth will be punished no matter how far away they are! Anyone who offends our earth will be punished even though they are far away. The strong will be killed!"





Chapter 2088 Respective headquarters


Latest website: The sword master insists on the request. Zhang Zhui is unexpected in everything. This veteran who has been on the battlefield for many years even knows that there are risks, but he still wants to be this brave rebel. His courage is still the same as before.

And Zhang Zhui had an intuition that the courage in Yi Jianchuan was not reckless at all, but really confident.

Suddenly he suddenly thought of a possibility.

That is, maybe the sword master in front of him...did not fully release the sea of spiritual power accumulated in his body when he fought against Hong Siqi.

There is probably some leftover!

In other words, Yi Jianchuan, who has already reached the top of the holy realm, still has the possibility of climbing up again and hitting the new highest realm on earth!

A stronger stimulus is needed to completely liberate it.

However, Zhang Zhui knew exactly who his opponent was. It was not an ordinary danger.

Qiao Yanyuan's power cannot be described in words. The other party is not a mere fish in a higher realm like Hong Siqi. He really needs to be serious. He can directly wipe out Yi Jianchuan with just a flick of his finger.

Therefore, Zhang Zhui is still struggling in his heart.

But at this time, within Xiao Bailong, Yue Lingwei told him through the air: "Let's go. Take one step at a time."

Zhang Zhui originally thought that he should be more cautious. He was about to ask, but he heard Yue Lingwei continue: "This is also what the Lord ordered."

"What do you mean by Ling Zhenren..." Zhang Zhui was stunned. Then he sighed. He had no choice but to agree to accompany Yi Jianchuan.

"Senior, please." So he said to Yi Jianchuan.

Yi Jianchuan laughed loudly when he heard this: "I don't dare to call you a senior anymore. You are the Eternal One."

"Although I am the Eternal One, I am actually not that old. I have just been sealed in a magic weapon for a long time."

"Has it been sealed in a magic weapon for a long time? There is a magic weapon with a difference in the passage of time? Is that why you can live from eternity to now?"

"Senior, you can understand that." Zhang Zhui nodded.

What he calls "senior" is actually a sign of respect for Yi Jianchuan. After all, Yi Jianchuan is now the master appointed by Wang Ling to Wang Muyu.

From the perspective of Wang Ling, the little guy and Wang Ling are currently as close as brothers.

Brother's teacher, so his seniority naturally goes up. Therefore, he felt that calling him Sword Master would be more respectful.

"Why do you still call me senior?"

Yi Jianchuan chuckled and said: "Well, you and I have our own issues. You call me and I'll call you ancestor. It doesn't seem too much. Let's do it. Ancestor may not sound nice. It's a bit like swearing. I'll just call you you. Ancestor."

"Senior, please come here..."

"Ancestor, please also."

The two looked at each other and smiled awkwardly. They greeted each other. Suddenly, the atmosphere at the scene fell into a happy atmosphere.

...

A battle was unavoidable in the restricted sea area. However, Qiao Yanyuan's move behind his back dispersed the fleet of ships. The monks from all the major cultivation countries were also thrown far away by Zhang Zhui to a safe range.

But Wang Ling is very clear. Even so, they will not back down. Every monk in the Xiuzhen Kingdom comes under the orders of his own Yuan Zun. Even if they know there are risks, they cannot just become deserters. .

At present, everyone knows that there are risks in the sea zone. But the sword master has already set off. Those cultivators who are the leaders will not give up just like this.

Maybe Wang Ling doesn't know much about Huaxiu Yuanzun. But he knows a little bit about the temper of Mi Xiu Yuanzun from the news.

In the past, I always liked to add spiritual stone tax. He has a pure business mind and a relatively impulsive personality. As long as his subordinates are provoked, he will red-necked and order to rush directly.

Of course, he himself now also likes to provoke others. For example, he provokes a conflict between one cultivation country and another cultivation country. Behind his back, he sells new cultivation magic tools to two cultivation countries. At the same time, he acts as a good person from the perspective of outsiders. Image. Maintain a gentle and elegant posture and say something like wishing for world peace.

Since then, money has been put into the pockets and the GDP of the entire cultivation country has been improved. At the same time, he has also added his own personality with the label of "Ambassador of Peace".

It's also ironic to say.

It seems that all the previous Mixiu Yuanzuns have tried to establish a peaceful image for themselves. But since the founding of Mixiu Country, almost 70% of the time has been spent at war for hundreds of years.

Anyway, Wang Ling feels that Misu Yuanzun is an impulsive person, and usually needs to listen to his words and watch his actions. Because he often contradicts his words and cannot be trusted.

All in all, I believe you. You are such a bad old man...

Obviously the person who truly hopes for world peace is himself...

People are investigating the affairs of the ancestors of the Sun family on one side of their ancestral land. They also worry about the restricted sea area on the other side.

From Yi Jianchuan's perspective, this is a showdown between the major cultivating countries, witnessing the courage of the monks from each country.

But from the perspective of Wang Ling. In fact, we are actually on one side of the game.

On one side is himself in the ancestral land of the Sun family. On the other side is Qiao Yanyuan, who is controlling everything on the Moonlight in the restricted area.

These two coordinate points are separated by a radius of the earth. They form two distinct command posts. They are competing secretly and echoing each other from afar.

...

Heavenly Dao Yun was so suppressed by Wang Ling that he completely lost his temper. He observed Wang Ling for a long time. As one of the miracles of the universe, the young man in front of him just sat cross-legged in front of him. But he could not see through it at all. .

His cultivation is unfathomable. Just sitting upright, he has created a powerful aura that unites heaven and man. This heavenly man does not refer to the sky of the earth, but to the sky of the universe. Let Wang Ling be related to the entire universe The two merged into one. It was so mysterious that Heavenly Dao Yun was crushed directly and couldn't breathe.

He is the cosmic miracle that Dao Ancestor Wang buried here. Dao Ancestor told him back then that if he encounters someone who can suppress him, he should hug his thigh quickly. Otherwise, he will lose if he hesitates.

"I am willing to...surrender!"

So he gritted his teeth. It was almost the same as the cosmic miracle tree on the other side that he had forced himself on before.

"..." Wang Ling is ashamed.

His trip to the ancestral land of the Sun family really felt like traveling westward.

Passing through a map will give you one more teammate.

Under normal circumstances, there are miracles in the universe that are willing to take the initiative to approach. Cultivators are eager to ask for it. www.uukanshu.net But Wang Ling looked at the Heavenly Dao Yun villain in front of him. His expressionless face was full of tears. It's all disgusting.

"Hey..." he sighed.

Heavenly Dao Yun was stunned by this sigh.

He had never been so disliked by anyone. He immediately squatted down with his legs crossed and drew circles with a depressed face.

"Good guy. The Heavenly Dao cloud has turned into a net suppressing cloud!" At this time, the groundhog said with emotion.

"I can't just accept you."

At this time. Wang Ling raised his head and looked at the Heavenly Dao cloud.

This is what Wang Ling suddenly thought of.

If you want to join his family, you can't do it without some tests.

We have to let Heavenly Dao Cloud do something...

7017k





Chapter 2089: This brother can get along. He is really helpful when something happens.


No one would have thought that someone could remotely command a cosmic miracle to fight. The key was to join the sect of Wang Ling. Not only did Heavenly Dao Yun not refuse, but he agreed simply.

Because he was so aggrieved. He had no dignity at all being suppressed by Wang Ling. He was holding a fire in his heart.

He just didn't believe in this evil. There could be a second evil being like Wang Ling in this universe...

In any case, instigating a cosmic miracle to participate in the battle is unprecedented.

The powerful light of Wang Ling can be reflected from here.

How does the miracle of the universe exist? It is one of the derivatives of the will of the universe. It is something that requires a certain chance to be firmly grasped.

Ancestral realm monks flock to it, but there are very few people who have truly touched this level. The reason why the Old Dominator was able to rule a corner of the universe back then was largely due to the fact that the outer gods controlled many miracles of the universe.

So far, there is no clear conclusion on the number of miracles in the universe, because no one has clearly collected them completely.

Not even the current Wang Ling.

He can summon the miracles of the universe. That is purely due to chance.

The reason why he dislikes him is because he is strong enough in his own right and does not need to rely on the miracles of the universe to increase his basic combat power like other monks.

The cosmic miraculous peach tree that is related to Jingke, the evolution of Jingbai. This thing was also realized by Wang Ling after in-depth contact with Jingke.

It's a bit like it's given with phone credit.

To be honest, Wang Ling didn't think there was anything special about the miracles of the universe until the battle with Xufengnian began.

Instead, I simply saw Xianfengnian’s obsession with the miracles of the universe. Only then did I discover something extraordinary...

Now. Wang Ling closes his eyes. In fact, in his mind, he can hear many ethereal sounds coming from the surrounding universe.

The tree on the other side said that this was the response of other miracles in the universe to him. They all wanted to join his sect.

That's okay...

These words were so frightening that a drop of cold sweat broke out on Wang Ling's cheeks.

The old man who was transformed into the Biangan Tree looked like he was enjoying himself: "As expected of Ling Zhenren. People all think that I am too weak. Anyway, since I was born, I have seen the evolution and changes of the universe. I have never seen anyone think that I am too strong. ."

Marmot joined the conversation: "Hey, I can actually understand it. It's a bug that doesn't require equipment. It can easily kill the Six Gods' equipment just by relying on basic attributes. If you add it to the list, I'm afraid the equipment bar will explode."

Bian Shu shook his head: "That's not what you said. With the blessing of this combat power, it is better than nothing. And to sum up the miracles of the universe, in my opinion, there are only benefits."

"How do you say this?" Wang Ling asked, holding his chin up as it was rare for him to say anything.

"Instead of treating our cosmic miracles as equipment, it's better to treat them as buffs. Turn them on when you use them. Just turn them off when you don't use them. It won't put any extra burden on you."

Bian Shu smiled and said: "And aren't you afraid that one day you won't be able to restrain yourself and will hurt innocent people? If you can bind more miracles of the universe to you by then, maybe I can't control you with my own power. But if the universe There are enough miracles. Our miracles join forces. In critical moments, we may be able to help you."

"What kind of help? Suppressing strength?"

"It's different from Talisman. It's thorough. It gives Ling Zhenren the ability to control freely. But the duration is probably very short. I'm afraid I'll still have to stick to Talisman in the future."

The words of the tree on the other side make Wang Ling doubtful.

Logically speaking, these are the combat forces that are delivered to your door. If you think about it with normal thinking, there is really no reason to refuse.

But Wang Ling is as strange as ever.

He has always been an indifferent person. He is not a person who pursues the top.

But what Higanshu just mentioned, if true, is indeed a safety catch for him.

After all, it may take some time before Wang Ming and Shou Chong's wisdom jointly develop a new Talisman...

Exactly how long it will take is currently unknown.

The man told him that if everything goes well, maybe it can be used next year and the year after that. If not, it may take more than ten years...

Until the new Talisman is developed. Wang Ling is very clear. He must find other suppression methods.

Very annoying.

But there is no way.

His growth rate is getting faster and faster.

In the past, it was two years for the realm to grow. Then the time for this realm to grow became shorter and shorter. Later it became one year, one month, one day...including now. Don't look at Wang Ling Staying close to Talisman, his own spiritual power continues to grow.

It's just like those idle games where you can gain experience by turning on the screen and not moving. It's really outrageous.

"I understand. What Ling Zhenren means is that he wants me to prove myself, right? No problem! I'll go right now!"

The villain transformed into the Heavenly Dao cloud hummed and smiled. Then the whole person turned into a line of smoke and dissipated directly.

"Where are the people?" the prairie dog was surprised.

"After all, the miracles of our universe are transformed by the will of the universe. Wherever you want to go, just have a thought. It has the ability to teleport."

Bianshu replied: "Now, this little Heavenly Dao Yun is probably going to beat up Qiao Yanyuan."

"Can you beat him? This is the strongest fighting force under Bai Zhe's hands now." The woodchuck said doubtfully, holding his paws.

"It's not clear yet. After all, Qiao Yanyuan is also the current ace dragonborn under Bai Zhe. But I think that Heavenly Dao Yun can still be accepted. He can handle it... something is wrong. He is really good. "

"..."

Wang Ling sighed silently.

He hadn't given any specific instructions yet. Heavenly Dao Yun was already rushing to express himself.

How to say...

Taking positive action is a good thing.

But sometimes he doesn't like to be too positive.

For example, Apple Aid.

It was because he was too positive that he was sent to another universe.

However, there are still doubts about the strength of Heavenly Dao Cloud. Wang Ling.

The opponent is Qiao Yanyuan. And so far, his ability is unknown.

This also revealed a spell that allows creatures to evolve through the power of special dragon runes.

It is very similar to the great enlightenment technique in Heavenly Dao. But it is fundamentally different.

This is a method of forced evolution through bloodline infection. It will cause the evolved creatures to feel extreme pain.

In comparison, the Great Attunement Technique is more humane.

After all, when Dao Ancestor Wang designed the Heavenly Dao spells, they were carefully choreographed. Those with bugs were banned in an unspeakable place. Generally speaking, the Great Attunement spell is gentler.

For Qiao Yanyuan, there are a lot of masters gathered in the restricted area of the sea. Maybe there will be leaders from various countries who will come in person. Next, it depends on whether Qiao Yanyuan can catch this move.

Wang LingPremonition.

This Heavenly Dao Yun might really be able to force Qiao Yanyuan to do something.

If you like the daily life of the Immortal King, please collect it: () The Daily Life of the Immortal King. Girls' Classmate Network is updated the fastest.





Chapter 2090 Qiao Yanyuan’s Ability


Latest website: So far. As Bai Zhe's most powerful ace Dragonborn, Qiao Yanyuan's abilities are still a mystery.

The characteristics of Muyu are significantly different from Wang Muyu's universal dragon. Although Muyu is also very strong and has the abilities of most dragons in the dragon family, it has limitations precisely because of its excessive abilities.

And when he was inputting genes into Wang Muyu, although Wang Muyu possessed the genes of the three leaders of the Dragon Clan, Bai Zhe played a trick and deliberately caused Wang Muyu to have the genetic chain of these three leaders defective.

Therefore, even if Wang Muyu cultivates the abilities of these three dragon leaders to the peak, he still cannot compare with Bai Zhe, who has mastered the complete moonlight dragon gene.

Of course. If Wang Muyu could cultivate every gene he possesses to the extreme, then the outcome would be completely different.

However, the growth of the dragon clan is not easy. The more abilities you have, the harder it is to control. Wang Muyu is still young. Even though he is powerful, he still has many problems to face.

This is like a character development game. Only focus on cultivating one character. It is of course easy to superimpose the character's star rating to the extreme to achieve "full life". But if you need to cultivate the entire system, then the difficulty is not a little difficult. Not to mention the consumption of materials and Financial resources. Just the time required is not on the same level.

The stronger the dragon gene, the stronger the dragonborn created. The Jingze and Yan? whom Wang Ling met before. Although these two people are not even able to defeat Ah Nuan girl, they are also ancestors after all. Realm. Ranked among the Dragonborn in terms of combat prowess. Very powerful.

The reason why Qiao Yanyuan can be directly arranged to earth to become Bai Zhe's trump card is that he can use his soul to show off his power in the holy temple across endless distances.

It really shouldn’t be underestimated.

Even Wang Ling feels that this person may be stronger than Xianfengnian.

An ace dragonborn can be stronger than the human race that has absorbed and refined the outer Heavenly Dao tradition for a long time. It is no wonder that in the eons, the dragon tribe and the outer gods can oppose each other, each dominating the universe.

It's a pity. In the end, both tribes were wiped out.

When civilization reaches its peak, it will face extinction. Then it will undergo the next reincarnation of life. Perhaps this is an immutable law in the universe.

...

Sea restricted area. Onboard the Moonlight. Except for the little white dragon in the waves represented by Wang Muyu, who was approaching in his direction. Even though the other monks from the Xiuzhen Kingdom had been sent away by Zhang Zhui, they all broke in again without believing in evil. .

Bai Yinshou. An Eternal who was forced to join the ancient world. He was also a servant who followed Qiao Yanyuan after signing a soul death contract with Bai Zhe.

Previously, Bai Yinshou was entrusted by Qiao Yanyuan to do the task of forcibly burning dragon runes for the Shark Emperor in the sea restricted area to allow him to evolve abnormally.

The shark king was so ferocious that he smashed through several ships with just one turn, plunging the entire restricted sea area into a bloody storm.

But obviously Bai Yinshou didn't expect that there would be Eternal Ones appearing. As this group of human monks entered the restricted area of the sea.

"Mr. Qiao, those human monks did not retreat. They all came in anyway. And it seems that there is a larger fleet group gathering outside the sea area..."

Qiao Yanyuan pinched his purple-black hair and frowned slightly: "Do you know the Eternal One?"

"There are people with eternal strength. I looked at it. There are only three people in total. One is Wang Muyu. The other two are. I don't know one of them. I only know that he calls himself Yue Lingwei. As for the other one... he is An old acquaintance."

Bai Yinshou bowed and said: "The eternal thief Zhang Zhui. There were also things stolen by him in the old cave."

"Ha. Do you still have this experience?" Qiao Yanyuan curled his lips and sneered.

But soon, the smile stopped because he noticed that Bai Yinshou's expression began to change.

There is clearly a hatred for Zhang Zhui. I can't help but wonder: "What did he steal from you?"

Bai Yinshou gritted his teeth: "It's the old lady's chastity... that makes her... unable to change into a human physique..."

"..." Qiao Yanyuan was silent.

Because he knew something about this matter. But he didn't expect that there would be such a series connection with the information he knew.

When Bai Zhe gave Bai Yinshou to him as a servant, Qiao Yanyuan knew part of Bai Yinshou's past.

According to legend, he was an Eternal who married a foreigner and fell in love with a vampire princess. In the Eternal Era, vampires needed to drink a large amount of blood as a source of supply. As long as he absorbed the blood of a million different creatures, the unique characteristics of the vampires would be revealed. will be produced.

When taking a mouthful of blood, vampire creatures that meet the conditions can be directly transformed into creatures of the same race as the blood creatures. Assimilation is completed.

And he will directly fall in love with the creature whose blood has been sucked. No matter what that creature is...

It is said that Bai Yinshou wanted to stay with his wife forever, but he struggled a lot throughout the ages.

In the name of short-term employment, he falsely offered high employment prices to attract many cosmic creatures, and then deceived them into designated trap locations.

He uses all kinds of traps and various means to knock these creatures out and take them away by force. He raises them in captivity in his own cave. Let these creatures become blood bags to support his wife.

According to Bai Yinshou's plan, after his wife has absorbed one million living beings, if she takes another sip of his blood, she can directly transform into a human race and stay with him forever.

From then on, no one could comment on his interracial marriage.

But it's a pity that something unexpected happened at the last moment.

That day. Zhang Zhui showed up...

And then there will be no more.

Originally, Qiao Yanyuan only listened to Bai Zhe. Someone blocked Bai Yinshou's love plan. Unexpectedly, this person turned out to be Zhang Zhui.

Although Bai Yinshou always upholds justice in his actions and feels that he is forced to get on Bai Zhe's boat, in fact, both Bai Zhe and Qiao Yanyuan know very well that Bai Yinshou has a selfish and dark personality in his heart. .

There is no servant more worthy of training than the Eternal One of the human race who possesses hatred.

His hatred for Zhang Zhui made Qiao Yanyuan very satisfied.

"I originally wanted to stop there. But since they want to fly into flames, there is no need to stop them." Qiao Yanyuan said after staring at Bai Yinshou for a while.

Then. www.uukanshu.net He stood up, straightened his suit in front of the floor-length mirror, and twisted his tie.

Bai Yinshou saw Qiao Yanyuan at this moment. The gold and silver dragon horns above his head were flashing. Between the flash and darkness, it seemed that there was a cosmic law vibrating in it. It made people's hearts tremble.

Immediately afterwards, Bai Yinshou's spirit seemed to be deeply guided by a spiritual force. Through the pair of dimmed gold and silver dragon horns, countless figures of Qiao Yanyuan appeared in his mind...

They play different roles in different universes, different spaces, and different timelines...

Gold and silver dragon horns. It seems to be a summons to them.

After receiving the call, these "Qiao Yanyuan" in other parallel spaces stopped one after another, as if they were frozen.

The next moment, Qiao Yanyuan's souls in countless parallel spaces seemed to be pulled away one after another. They turned into streams of spiritual power and gathered on the Moonlight at this moment. The dragonborn Qiao Yanyuan's body...





Chapter 2091 Return of All Realms 1


Latest website: Gathering power from multiple parallel spaces and condensing it onto the body...

Bai Yinshou was surprised. He felt that he understood Qiao Yanyuan's ability, but he didn't fully understand it.

Because the ability of such a dragonborn is too amazing. The most important thing is that Qiao Yanyuan has reached the Ancestor King state without mobilizing the strength of other spatial bodies.

If all the space bodies are mobilized and concentrated on oneself, how strong must it be?

Bai Yinshou couldn't find the words to use to describe the shock in his heart. But his mood couldn't help but surge.

He knew that Qiao Yanyuan was very strong. But he didn't expect that his Dragonborn ability would be like this... This is the true unification of all realms! Becoming one!

No matter how difficult that kid surnamed Wang is, can he still be strong like Qiao Yanyuan, who can unite all realms?

At this time, Bai Yinshou was very excited. He had a clear power layout in his mind. He knew that the Zhang Zhui he hated most was an elder under the Office of Strategic Deception.

And what about the Office of Strategic Deception? Who supported it?

It's nothing more than the guy surnamed Wang who is sitting behind him.

All in all, after seeing Qiao Yanyuan's dragon-born ability, Bai Yinshou suddenly felt a lot more at ease. And he felt that he was completely following the right person!

You know, having the Ancestor King realm is already extraordinary. In addition, with such dragon-born abilities... Qiao Yanyuan. Maybe he can directly explode to the level of a true dragon!

In the eons of time, a true dragon with such dragonborn abilities would definitely be an Ancestor Immortal-level existence!

Although there are only three recognized leaders of the dragon clan, it does not mean that the combat power of the other true dragons is not as good as the three leaders.

The root cause is because of Moonlight, Dark Devour, and Cangyuan. The three leaders of the dragon clan back then were true dragons at the ancestral level. They lived for a long time. In addition, their genetic abilities were very special. That's why they were able to sit in that position.

With Qiao Yanyuan's dragon-born genetic ability, if he could complete the entire structure of his ability, there would undoubtedly be no solution.

Now Qiao Yanyuan has become proficient in controlling tens of thousands of parallel dimensions. If he is given enough time, the number he can control will probably become even greater!

...

Inside the Xiaobailong Maritime High-Speed Railway.

At the front of the car, Yue Lingwei, who was in a posture, seemed to have received some news. After his pupils were out of focus for a moment, he suddenly woke up.

He looked at Zhang Zhui, raised his eyebrows, and asked curiously: "Do you know Bai Yinshou?"

"I've never heard of this person." Zhang Zhui shook his head.

Yue Lingwei didn't talk nonsense. He directly raised his sword fingers and crossed them from the pupil. He projected Bai Yinshou's appearance directly into the void to form a three-dimensional image.

Looking at the person in the projection, Zhang Zhui's memory seemed to be revived from eternity in an instant: "Oh, it's him. Feng Hua."

Zhang Zhui knows this face very well.

Feng Hua's hatred for him contained a desire to kill him and then be happy.

In fact, when the alienated shark king was surging, Zhang Zhui felt that there were other eternal beings monitoring this place.

I just didn't expect this person to be Feng Hua.

Obviously. At this time, Yue Lingwei asked him about this matter. He was obviously a representative. Feng Hua was also one of the enemies.

And on that Moonlight cruise ship, he was probably one of the Eternal Ones who had been recruited by Bai Zhe.

"The grudge between me and him cannot be explained in just a few words."

Zhang Zhui didn't want to mention the past. He turned his gaze to the window. But he couldn't hold back his curiosity. He still asked: "How much do you know about him? How do you know?"

"It's all the result of the Lord's calculation. As soon as he calculates, Crispy Noodles Dao Lord will know it. As soon as Crispy Noodles Dao Lord knows it, I will naturally be able to synchronize the news."

Hearing this, the corner of Zhang Zhui's mouth twitched.

I bet this is the terminal server cloud information synchronization...

"I heard that you slept with his wife?" Yue Lingwei squinted at Zhang Zhui with a look of disdain.

"That's what happened."

Zhang Zhui was generous enough to admit it directly.

After all, Zhang Zhui, who has become younger now, does have that naughty Neptune face, especially when he smiles. This feeling is particularly obvious.

It is true that Zhang Zhui loved sowing seeds throughout the ages. But to be honest, Zhang Zhui himself was not willing to sow seeds.

He was in trouble.

On the one hand, I blame myself for being young and energetic.

On the other hand, it is also because of his reputation as the eternal thief that he has a bad reputation. So no one believes his explanation at all.

"If I say, in fact, I didn't steal those people's wives on purpose. They hired them themselves. Would you believe it?"

"I won't believe what you said forever. But now, I don't believe it."

"What does half-belief mean... everything I say is true."

Zhang Zhui held his forehead. The expression on his face was very complicated. Ultimately, it was still the same as his previous analysis.

His character throughout the ages was really pitiful. That's why no one believed him.

But as an adult, he dares to take responsibility. Even if someone posted him, he did do something he shouldn't have done.

"Princess of the Blood Clan. What's going on?" Yue Lingwei asked calmly.

"You even know this..."

Zhang Zhui looked suspicious: "That's not right. I heard that Ling Zhenren had a very powerful algorithm called Aipuaide before. But wasn't it sent to other universes by Ling Zhenren? How could this happen? .."

He was surprised by Wang Ling's information calculation ability. After all, this was already a very ancient thing.

Now Wang Ling is in a sealed state again. How can he still have such a strong deduction ability...can he deduce events so long ago?

"It was indeed delivered."

Yue Lingwei said: "So this is calculated by the master's flesh."

"Human flesh deduction?"

"He asked Li Xian. Li Xian fully explained."

"..." Zhang Zhui's mouth twitched. It turns out there is a traitor!

He has a pretty good relationship with Li Xian...

Of course, Li Xian didn't know so much about him at first.

Isn't it boring to stay in the Corpse Map? In addition, Zhang Zhui feels that he and Li Xian are sealed in the Supreme Corpse Map. Maybe they will be a skeleton in it for the rest of their lives. They will never be able to get out again.

At that time, he and Li Xian completely became close friends. They almost exchanged bitter words with each other. They confided all the things they had done.

Of course...

This can only be blamed on Zhang Zhui himself for talking too much. www.uukanshu.net He can’t blame others.

He sighed. He looked at Yue Lingwei and said, "Actually, the vampire princess has nothing to do with him. It's just that he thinks too much."

"It's okay for the former Feng Hua and the current Bai Yinshou to say that it was you who broke off his marriage."

"If you don't like it, you don't like it. If you don't love it, you don't love it. There are not so many messy things."

Zhang Zhui said: "The vampire princess has to absorb a million creatures. Do you think Feng Hua can help the vampire princess find so many blood bags on his own?"

"It's Feng Hua himself. He thinks that as long as he works hard and lets the vampire princess take a sip of his own blood after she achieves her special qualities, the other party will fall in love with him completely."

At this point, Zhang Zhui sighed: "This matter has been told to you and me. From the beginning of eternity, even if you lick a dog, it will not end well..."

7017k





Chapter 2092 Space Betrayer


Zhang Zhui spoke eloquently. Tell everything.

According to current popular discourse, to put it bluntly, there is no doubt that the behavior of former Feng Hua (now Bai Yinshou) does have the flavor of what Zhang Zhui said.

Low emotional intelligence: dog-licking behavior.

High EQ: Consensual liking.

Wang Ling listened to everything. He always felt that this operation... seemed a bit familiar. It almost reminded him of Sun Rong at this moment.

It feels like what Zhang Zhui said is all it takes to report Sun Rong's ID number. But there is no evidence.

But to be honest. For Sun Rong...Wang Ling, I think this may not be wishful thinking. To like someone wishfully is to give one-sidedly and never get a response.

To Sun Rong. Wang Ling, I feel that the relationship between me and her now should be a pure friendship.

Is there no pure friendship between boys and girls?

Do you have to have love and love?

He feels that he and Sun Rong are in good shape now.

And he owed those favors. They were all turned into toffee and sent back.

To each other. It is a state of helping each other.

Now he has a useful place to get Sun Rong. And Sun Rong can also help him provide good cover.

It is also an important source of supply of crispy noodles.

This is a collaboration between close allies.

It is a strategic partnership.

Fall in love.

Wang Ling is not interested.

It is impossible for him to fall in love in this life.

Living a Neptune life like Zhang Zhui. Wang Ling would not feel the slightest envy.

All in all, it's nice to be alone.

...

In the ancestral land of the Sun family. Sun Rong sneezed hard.

Ice Purgatory. Thanks to the restoration by Zhenyuan Immortal people, it was almost completely restored to its original state. It is absolutely no different from what I saw before.

Sun Rong is amazed by this ingenious repair process. It is also the accumulated experience of Zhenyuan immortal and his team who have worked tirelessly to play the real version of "Minecraft" on Drought Star again and again.

She has been taking care of Sun Yiyuan. I wonder what happened to Wang Ling deep in the ancestral land. Has the identity of the founder of the Sun family been verified?

On the other side of the Internet, the public opinion news Sun Rong here is one that has not been missed and everyone is paying attention to it.

"Rongrong. There's something big going on in the Hai restricted area. It's about to start a fight! Muyu, Zhang Zhui, and Yue Lingwei have formed a team!"

"..." Sun Rong felt that Sun Ying'er had been watching too many of those useless idol variety shows recently. He quickly asked: "Who is Yue Lingwei?"

"It's Ling Zhenren's real clone!"

So there is such a thing as a matryoshka doll?

Sun Rong was stunned.

She knew that the real clone would greatly reduce the original basic combat power.

But after all, the real body is Wang Ling. Even if this discount is applied, it is still an existence that crushes all living beings.

As for Crispy Noodles Dao Lord's clone, I don't know how powerful Sun Rong is. But there is a high probability that this Moon Spirit Crisis is also an extremely powerful existence.

"What does it look like?"Sun Rong was curious.

He knows. Crispy Noodles Dao Lord looks very similar to Wang Ling. But in fact, the real clones have their own thoughts and ideas.

So the ordinary Crispy Noodles Dao Lord is a little different from Wang Ling. He is taller and more mature. It can be seen as the kind of social elite version Wang Ling who is already working.

Therefore, even if Sun Ying'er didn't mention the appearance of the new real clone Yue Lingwei, she knew that it must have other characteristics.

"It's the pure ancient style Ling Zhenren! The one with long hair!" Sun Ying'er said.

Since it can be directly synchronized with Wang Ying's side, Sun Ying'er is very clear about the current situation under control.

This conversation made Sun Rong fall into endless imagination. Long hair...ancient Wang Ling...

It feels a bit nice!

But appreciation is appreciation. What she really likes...is the original body that is currently busy in the ancestral land.

Why did she fall in love with some bloody romance novels like a substitute because her main body didn't like it? This would never happen in her life!

The Old Sun family is always proactive! And they are dedicated proactive people! She will not give up as long as there is a slight chance!

If it doesn't work in one year, just two years! If it doesn't work in two years, then ten years... She felt that as long as she was sincere enough.

One day, this piece of wood will be able to awaken. "Rongrong..." At this moment, Sun Yiyuan called out.

"Grandpa, are you awake?" Sun Rong hurriedly walked over. At the same time, he was secretly rejoicing in his heart. I am grateful to the Zhenyuan Immortal people for their speed in repairing the ancestral land. Not only was it repaired quickly! It was also perfect!

"Why...there are so many people?" Boss Sun opened his eyes and saw Zhenyuan immortal, Zhuo Yi standing in front of him. A look of surprise appeared on his face.

He looked at Zhenyuan. He felt a little familiar, but he didn't recognize it completely: "Zhuo Yi I know. Who is this?"

"Grandpa, I'm sorry. Senior Zhuo and this... elder of the Office of Strategic Deception. I entrusted Lord Diu Lei to invite them here." Sun Rong said.

After saying that, Zhenyuan Immortal secretly gave Sun Rong a like.

That's a perfect explanation. And it's not a lie.

Zhenyuan was originally one of the elders of the Office of Strategic Deception.

Although he is a legendary Venerated Immortal on the earth, his current state is even more transcendent. It is not just a Venerated Immortal state... But if this identity is directly revealed, I am afraid that the amount of information will be too much to let this newly awakened person Mr. Boss Sun quickly accepted.

So Sun Rong's mind turned very quickly. He quickly found a reasonable explanation: "I saw grandpa passed out. I had no choice but to ask for help from the True Lord. Then Senior Zhuo brought this elder over. . I checked your injuries and said you are fine. I feel more relieved."

"Oh, that's right." Sun Yiyuan nodded. He felt a little pain in his head. He even forgot what happened before.

Here he was just about to stand up.

The result is in the void of Ice Purgatory. A space crack is generated at this time...

The incident happened suddenly, leaving everyone here confused.

Zhenyuan's reaction was extremely fast. He single-handedly protected everyone here behind him. He immediately set up a shield to prevent everyone from being sucked away by the sudden crack.

At the same time, he was secretly surprised.

Why did a space crack suddenly appear in Ice Purgatory?

It shouldn't be...

When repairing it, he had obviously checked the entire map.

All spiritual pressure is very stable.

Just after finishing wondering, a shining meteor slid directly into the map along the crack. It caused a huge earthquake in the front! The strong explosion and roar lasted for a long time. The ice purgatory was once again plunged into a sea of fire.

The ravine that had been repaired before was opened again in front of Boss Sun...

And Sun Rong discovered that not only the ice cracked again, but her grandfather also cracked.

"Grandpa...Grandpa, please wake up..."

Seeing Sun Yiyuan fainting again. The expression on Sun Rong's face was also extremely complicated. She no longer knew how to describe it. She shook Sun Yiyuan's body. But Sun Yiyuan did not react at all.

At this time, the crack that suddenly appeared in the void also disappeared.

Instead, there was a figure stumbling towards them...

If you like the daily life of the Immortal King, please collect it: () The Daily Life of the Immortal King. Girls' Classmate Network is updated the fastest.





Chapter 2093 Another Qiao Yanyuan


Latest website: The incident happened suddenly. There was no sign. A person fell directly out of the suddenly created space crack. Then, like a meteorite falling, it once again smashed the Ice Purgatory, the first map of the Sun family's ancestral land, to pieces.

Zhenyuan Immortal held his forehead with a headache and a sense of powerlessness. After all, repairing the Ice Purgatory was also the result of his hard work.

It’s really unforgivable!

"Can actually fall here through multi-dimensional space. Who is this person?" Sun Ying'er is also extremely curious about this. As the Lord of the Void, her sensitivity to space can be imagined. The ancestral home of the Sun family is in Whales Within the belly. This is the world generated in the belly of the whale.

If we use modern words to describe it, if the real world is a computer, then the ancient whale outside is a piece of software running on a huge computer.

All map layouts in the ancestral land are program folders inside the software.

In other words, even if this person came from external space, he should have fallen directly onto the system desktop. It is impossible for him to jump over many obstacles and fall directly here.

Therefore, there is only one solution to this situation. That is that this person calculated everything and deliberately fell into this place.

"Come out."

The map that was finally repaired was destroyed again. Not to mention Boss Sun, whose blood pressure increased and collapsed again. Zhenyuan himself was equally annoyed.

The red hair on his head stood on end. His whole body was filled with spiritual energy. This surprised Sun Rong. This person from Zhenyuan Immortal who was clearly on the border of Venerated Immortal a few months ago... has actually crossed over to the ancestral realm. territory.

Nine-core Aohai and Sun Ying'er double verification. Both told Sun Rong. The current Zhenyuan immortal is at least in the Dao Ancestor realm. Maybe it is stronger than imagined.

It can only be said that as a legendary Venerated Immortal. Zhenyuan Immortal is worthy of being a Zhenyuan Immortal. His strength is so powerful that it really makes people wonder.

In fact, in order to attack the ancestral realm in one fell swoop, the Zhenyuan immortals had made plans thousands of years before they became Venerated Immortals. They are the same as the vast majority of earth powers who have sealed their realms in order to comply with the {International True Immortal Convention}. He After leaping into the realm of Venerated Immortal, he also sealed his spiritual power and energy.

Back then, when no one else had touched this level, he became the first to try something new. In order to avoid that staying on earth would destroy the balance of combat power among the major cultivating countries and lead to further involution.

He left the earth on his own. It was nominally an interstellar travel in order to find a second star suitable for human habitation. But in fact, the people of Zhenyuan Immortal had a clear conscience.

If he continues to stay on the earth, the other cultivator nations will inevitably be wary and suspicious of him. After all, looking at the history of cultivators around the world, only the Huaxiu nation has a long-standing civilization. Since ancient times, it has never relied on invading other cultivators to expand. own territory.

With the exception of Huaxiu, all the large and medium-sized cultivating countries on earth today have more or less engaged in aggressive wars with foreign countries in the history of their founding.

Only those who have invaded others will be afraid of a stronger opponent. Therefore, some cultivating countries have always imagined the increasingly powerful Huaxiu country as an enemy and engage in their own persecutory paranoia-style operations. Let’s take a closer look. It's also very funny.

All in all, Zhenyuan Immortal is the first legend in the modern history of cultivation to transcend the realm of True Immortal and successfully enter the realm of Venerated Immortal.

Naturally, he will have a longer time to store his spiritual power. In addition, Wang Ling has now built a mountain of retrospection in the Office of Strategic Deception. In a short period of time, he will attack the ancestral realm from Venerated Immortal. In fact. There is absolutely a theory that can be achieved.

Because in terms of cultivation talent, Zhenyuan Immortal is a rare genius.

Back to business.

After Zhenyuan Immortal asked questions, deep in the white mist that was scattered in all directions by the hot explosion, a ragged figure walked out. One of this man's arms was wounded and bleeding.

At the same time, his breath was weak. It seemed that he had traveled through space for a long time to get here, and it had consumed the last of his strength. But the moment they saw this person's face, the people in Zhenyuan Immortal were still surprised and immediately increased their vigilance. .

Qiao Yanyuan?

Sun Ying'er was stunned.

She quickly came back to her senses and told Sun Rong everything: "He is Qiao Yanyuan! Exactly the same! Wang Ying synchronized his appearance for me!"

"Why is he here...and injured? Shouldn't he be in the restricted area?"

Sun Rong frowned. She thought of the grudges Wang Ling had with Bai Zhe before Wang Ling helped her lift the Yin-Yang Death Curse.

Naturally, he knew it. In order to avoid future troubles, Wang Ling directly erased all the existence of Bai Zhe in the universe.

As a result, I didn't expect that this person's obsession with Wang Ling was too deep and his resentment was too strong. Instead, he became a negatively distorted product of the will of the universe. He was able to survive by relying on a very small part of the will of the universe.

So now that Wang Ling's action has been confirmed. There is the possibility of parallel space. Then could this Qiao Yanyuan be Qiao Yanyuan from another world...

Soon. Sun Rong's bold hypothesis was verified.

She saw this different Qiao Yanyuan. He staggered out of the ice mist. The blood on his arms was frozen by the temperature of ice purgatory. His body was very weak. He seemed to be about to fall at any time. Although he had a long Zhang and Qiao Yanyuan's faces are almost carved from the same mold.

But after careful analysis, Sun Rong can still feel the obvious difference. His complexion is not as full as that of Dragonborn Qiao Yanyuan. His cheeks are sunken, his eye sockets are deeper, and he has heavy dark circles. It seems like he has stayed up late for a long time. A state of being squeezed dry after a long period of time.

No one took action. Instead, they looked at this sudden uninvited guest with caution. As they watched him walk, they muttered: "This is it...it can't be wrong...the first one to see it" Someone can help me escape from the sea of suffering..."

As he spoke, his lips were still trembling. They were all white, without a trace of blood. If he hadn't seen the mighty Dragonborn Qiao Yanyuan over there, it would be hard to imagine that Qiao Yanyuan in the other dimensions would be so down and out. appearance.

At the same time, Sun Rong also noticed that Qiao Yanyuan's eyes seemed to have been locked on him.

Walking step by step in her direction...

Although the voice of Qiao Yanyuan's mutterings was very subtle, everyone in Zhenyuan Immortal could hear it clearly.

Although I don't know what happened specifically. www.uukanshu.net But it's obvious that Qiao Yanyuan came here to find someone. And he is now keeping an eye on Sun Rong.

"In other words, Miss Rong is the savior he calls?" Zhenyuan Immortal already looked confused.

However, it only took him a few seconds to reach this conclusion. Slaps in the face followed one after another.

I saw this miserable Qiao Yanyuan walking straight in front of Sun Rong. He knelt down directly towards her with a thud.

Sun Rong had never received such a compliment. She looked at Qiao Yanyuan in front of her in such a state of desolation. Subconsciously, her kind thoughts made her want to help him up.

As a result, before he could even start, he saw Qiao Yanyuan kowtow to the ground again: "Head of the Sun family! Mr. Sun Yiyuan! Please pay your respects to me, Qiao!"

No one expected that the person he was targeting from the beginning was not Sun Rong...

Instead, he was being supported by Sun Rong. Boss Sun, who was still in a coma...





Chapter 2094 Script. In the hands of Director Wang


Seeing the self-proclaimed "Er Qiao" Qiao Yanyuan solemnly kowtow in worship, everyone's faces were full of astonishment.

Because this matter from beginning to end. Logically speaking, it is impossible to involve Mr. Boss Sun no matter what... Then how did Mr. Boss Sun become the savior?

Who told him this?

"It seems that someone helped him lock this place. I'm afraid he won't be able to directly travel through the multi-layered space just by relying on his own strength." The fifth map location. Wang Ying analyzed from the air. He and Sun Ying'er's information was synchronized. Therefore, Able to respond to each other from a distance and simultaneously receive information from there.

And everything was seen by Wang Ling.

Just like that time when the soul traveled through eternity, there was someone behind the scenes who took care of everything.

Wang Ling actually doesn't like this feeling of being arranged. It feels like being peeped into life. Obviously he is the only one who peeks at other people's screens...

The time when the soul traveled through eternity. Emperor Dong Da denied that the mastermind behind this was Dao Ancestor Wang.

Of course, it is also possible that Emperor Dong Da did not have the ability to know that everything was planned and arranged by Dao Ancestor Wang, and was fooled by this old man.

As for Wang Ling. In fact, he now understands it. He doesn't need to worry too much about the identity of the person behind this. On the one hand, he wants to continue to explore the ancestral land of the Sun family and verify his conjecture by identifying the true identity of the founder of the Sun family.

On the other hand, he has already written the script to deal with Qiao Yanyuan. Everything is proceeding step by step.

Some people have already written the ending of the story.

But now, the one who is directing this drama is himself.

How the story will end is not yet certain.

As for who will become the final savior. Wang Ling is not interested.

After all, once you become the so-called savior, you will inevitably be shrouded in the halo of praise from the world. This is also something Wang Ling does not want.

The society may be very difficult.

Saving the earth and maintaining peace in the universe is also difficult.

The most difficult thing is that a sociophobic patient has to shoulder the work of saving the earth and maintaining peace in the universe...

At this time. Wang Ling couldn't help but sigh.

He is really tired...

Unable to delay any longer, he looked at Marmot and Sun Ru and asked them to continue leading the way.

He has stayed here for too long. It's time to go deeper and reveal the truth.

...

On the other side, in the first map, people were questioning Mr. Er Qiao from another world and space one after another.

Sun Rong did not hesitate to use the elixir in his hand to heal Er Qiao's injuries. At the same time, he used Aohai's sword energy to heal him. Finally, his bloodless face recovered a lot.

"With your own strength, I don't think you have the ability to come to this place." Sun Rong questioned.

Qiao Yanyuan, who calls himself Er Qiao, did not hide anything. He came here to solve the problem. Although Sun Yiyuan is unconscious now, it is the same as directly communicating with Sun Rong: "Of course he told me the identity of the savior. My benefactor sent me here."

"But my level is low. You have also seen it. Only the Foundation Building... the fall just now almost killed me." Er Qiao said this with apologetic expression on his face.

He was able to travel through multi-dimensional space and land accurately. And he caused so much damage to the first map. It was all because of this "benefactor".

Everything is well explained.

Since there is someone behind the scenes to escort him, it is not too surprising that he can travel here with his level.

And it was precisely because of the escort of the person behind the scenes that Mr. Er Qiao had a thick defensive spiritual shield.

And this thick spiritual shield directly hit the ground after he fell out of the space, forming a backlash explosion. As a result, the Ice Purgatory was destroyed again.

Er Qiao sighed: "My benefactor is hidden in the fog. I can't see his face clearly. I can only hear his voice."

"It's useless even if you know the voice..." Sun Rong showed a bitter smile.

"Indeed." Zhenyuan Immortal nodded.

A powerful person of that level knows that sound is useless because it can be disguised.

"I heard you say before. Our savior...that is to say, you also represent Qiao Yanyuan in other dimensions?"

"That's right." Er Qiao nodded excitedly and said, "They chose me to come here. It's also because of my low level... Even if I leave, there's a high probability that he won't be discovered. Plus, I have a benefactor to cover me. All my talents So smooth."

"So what is your request for coming here?"

"Of course I want to bring order to the chaos...defeat him!"

Er Qiao said righteously: "You have no idea what he did to us!"

"I heard that Qiao Yanyuan's dragon-born ability is that he can control himself in parallel spaces. Can he pool your power together?" Sun Rong asked.

"Yes!" Er Qiao said more and more excitedly: "He established a connection with us in the parallel space through his own ability, forcing us to practice. Even if we have no qualifications to practice, he will not let it go! We will not let it go! We have to get up before dawn and practice the exercises. If we slack off even a little bit, he will give us an unbearable headache!"

"..." Sun Rong is silent.

I don’t know why. She always thinks this sounds so much like class...

And from the description Sun Rong, I always feel that this thing of holding on to my continuous cultivation in the parallel space is like the head teacher supervising the students' study. It actually has something to do with a well-known closed cultivation academy. Amazing similarity!

And this Mr. Er Qiao is obviously a "bad student" in Qiao Yanyuan's eyes. Because he has no cultivation qualifications. Even if he follows the instructions to practice, he will not make much progress. In this case, Qiao Yanyuan will not care about such a low-level person. The space body "ran away from home" with the help of others.

After all, Qiao Yanyuan's ability is to absorb himself from other parallel dimensions, thereby causing his realm to expand rapidly. The stronger the average ability of the space body, the stronger his own strength will be.

"At Qiao Yanyuan's level, it stands to reason that even if your talent is not good, there should be ways to change your physique." At this time, Zhenyuan Immortal said.

"That's true. But I just can't learn it! Moreover, my hometown has very thin spiritual energy. It's a matter of the cultivation environment. He can't interfere just by manipulating me. Besides, this is really a learning process. No. Naturally, I have made no progress at all...The point is, he is not fair at all!"

"Unfair? How do you say that?"

"This is a joint accusation from other space bodies. There are other space bodies that complained to me. He has special care for those space bodies that have achieved success in cultivation! Even if they have not completed the set cultivation growth value, as long as they give him benefits... You can avoid the pain and not be disturbed by him!"

"..."

If you like the daily life of the Immortal King, please collect it: () The Daily Life of the Immortal King. Girls' Classmate Network is updated the fastest.





Chapter 2095 The biggest enemy of human monks


Latest website: The situation in the restricted sea area is complicated. It can be said that one move can affect the whole body. Qiao Yanyuan wanted to avoid the battle as much as possible and scare away the monks who broke into the restricted area. But the development of the situation did not follow his thinking. He made him I felt a little annoyed.

But fortunately, he still has a lot of power stored in different dimensions. And he has already taken the lead in activating part of the two dragon horns condensed into himself.

What no one knows is that the dragon horn is his seal. As long as he pulls out his dragon horn, the power of Qiao Yanyuan from the different space gathered in his dragon horn will instantly converge on him, increasing his combat power. Achieve soaring speed in just a short moment.

"Mr. Qiao, have you decided to take action?" Bai Yinshou stood aside respectfully. He had never seen Qiao Yanyuan fighting, but he was eager to see it. Mainly because he wanted to see how Zhang Zhui died. In the hands of Qiao Yanyuan.

However, it turns out that Qiao Yanyuan is much calmer than he imagined. He is not a brainless person who only knows how to move forward with passion.

"No rush." He waved his hand. So far, it hasn't reached the point of letting him take action.

On this Moonlight, there are many Dragonborn subordinates he has selected, and they are all trained by him personally. If necessary, they can take the lead in resisting the enemy.

In addition, the reason why Qiao Yanyuan did not plan to take action immediately was because he always kept the task assigned to him by Bai Zhe at heart.

Because now is not the time for superiors. The more this situation is, the more it needs to be dealt with calmly. His fundamental goal is still the future young master Bai Zijing.

For the sake of prehistoric times.

In order to develop the most powerful enterprise in the universe facing the future. Although he is humanoid, in a strict sense, the Dragonborn is just a humanoid creature in the universe. He is not a real human being.

But Qiao Yanyuan knows a truth deeply. And this truth has existed with the derivation of earth civilization and human cultivation civilization since ancient times...

"What did Mr. Qiao say?" Bai Yinshou was also curious. Listening to Qiao Yanyuan's analysis, he felt that this person was extraordinary. After all, he was the first dragon descendant that Bai Zhe personally supported.

The key is that he is still very loyal. He keeps Bai Zijing in mind every time he communicates with him.

At this moment, Qiao Yanyuan put his hands behind his back. He also sneered and sighed: "Human beings, the biggest enemy since ancient times, are definitely not aliens from the sky, but... themselves..."

These words awakened Bai Yinshou. He immediately realized that Qiao Yanyuan was planning to disintegrate the human monks from within.

Although the group of people broke into the restricted sea area aggressively and seemed to be united, the monks from various countries in the modern cultivation country may have cultural differences, historical reasons, or have their own various suspicions and concerns. There are really places that can be conquered. Too many.

Take recent events as an example. The Yuan Zun of Wu Xiuguo is the biggest example.

As a comprehensive cultivation country, the Wuxiu Kingdom is not very strong. It has always been dominated by the major cultivation countries in the Western Continent. And its nearest neighbor is Xiongxiu.

Those who know the Xiongxiu Kingdom monks must understand. After all, this is a big country that holds whiskey or vodka and directly blasts the rift in the sea restricted area. In the eyes of many people, they have been very powerful since ancient times. It is true that if they disagree, something will happen. Will start fighting directly.

As a result, during this negotiation between Wu Xiuguo and the allies of the Western Continent, Wu Xiuguo wanted to conclude an alliance contract with the Western Continent. This aroused the suspicion of the monks of the Xiongxiu Kingdom.

As for Mixiu Country and Xiong Xiu, the feud between the two major cultivators has been going on for a long time. It was the Yuan Zun from Mixiu Country who was silently taking the lead in this matter. Originally, he just wanted Wu Xiu Guo to shout slogans and make Xiong Xiu feel uncomfortable. .

Who would have thought that Yuan Zun of Wu Xiuguo was obedient? He would really do it when something happened, and he was totally reckless about the consequences.

After several intermediate negotiations with the International Federation of Cultivators, they found that Wu Xiuguo still had not given up the plan to conclude an alliance with the Western Continent. As a result, at dawn the next day, the monks of Wu Xiuguo came out in full force.

The densely packed martial cultivators stepped on the spiritual swords and formed an aerial immortal battleship to catch them by surprise. In less than half an hour, they destroyed all the aerial and maritime forces of the martial cultivator who were greatly different in strength, paralyzing them. . There is no room left to resist.

A large number of martial arts monks handed over their magic weapons and spiritual swords. In peaceful times, they had never seen a war of this scale. They had no choice but to surrender and leave their positions.

The Xiongxiu monks did not make things difficult for them further. This was an act of sword-dazzling. If Wuxiu Yuanzun had not been confused and insisted on going his own way, he would not have ended up in this situation.

It can be said that you have given enough face during the negotiation. But sometimes people just can't shed tears without seeing the coffin. Only when the spiritual sword is placed on the neck will they become afraid. It is really embarrassing.

And now, Qiao Yanyuan also has the chess piece on the human side.

That is Qu Shuling, who was originally born as a human. He forcibly swallowed the dragon scales and was forced to become a dragon-born.

Of course, Bai Yinshou also knew very well that Qu Shuling alone was not enough.

At best, he is just a student. In the modern world of cultivation, he does not have much say.

Just when Bai Yinshou was confused, a crew member entered outside the door. He was wearing a gold and silver jumpsuit. His face was invisible. There was a dragon tail growing on the tail vertebrae, and there were miniature dragon wings on his back.

These are Dragon Guards specially trained by Qiao Yanyuan. The basic level includes Soul Formation. And on this Moonlight, the number of these Dragon Guards alone is 20,000.

They are not true dragonborn, but they have the ability to reproduce. They are also the key to expanding the labor force for themselves.

"Mr. Qiao. We have been contacted." The dragon guard walked in. www.uukanshu.net holding a magic ball in his hand.

Qiao Yanyuan injected spiritual power. A familiar figure was projected in the void.

This person is none other than Mi Xiu Yuan Zun.

"Is it you who made the move in the sea zone?" After seeing Qiao Yanyuan's true face, Mi Xiuyuanzun was also surprised. He didn't expect that the person hiding in the sea zone had such a young face.

"It's me." Qiao Yanyuan said with a smile: "This time I came to Mr. Yuan Zun for negotiation. Mr. Maicoasi is on our ship at the moment. And to show sincerity, Mr. Yuan Zun, we I can treat Mr. Hong Siqi, Mr. Yuan Zun's subordinate, and restore his state to its original state. At the same time, I, Honghuang, can also recommend new talents for Mi Xiu."

"Oh."

Mi Xiuyuanzun sneered. He raised his lips and said, "Tell me. What are your conditions."

There is no such thing as a free lunch. It sounds like such a "good deal", but it must come at a price.





Chapter 2096 A mysterious royal family from the East


Latest website: Bai Yinshou was a little surprised. He didn't expect that Qiao Yanyuan was still a flexible and flexible dragonborn. In such a state, he could obliterate anyone he wanted to on earth. But now he contacted Mi Xiu Yuanzun. And Start follow-up negotiations with him.

He looked at the coldness in Qiao Yanyuan's eyes. He felt in his heart that he could no longer see through this man.

At the same time, this was an encrypted conversation, a communication directly through spiritual consciousness. Bai Yinshou could only see Qiao Yanyuan opening his mouth, but could not hear what he was saying. He could not conduct language analysis through lip reading.

Because what he speaks is the exclusive language of the Dragonborn. It is also a specially encrypted language that can be heard and understood by designated people.

The negotiation lasted for about ten minutes. The projection of Misu Yuanzun in the void disappeared.

Mankind's greatest enemy is always man himself.

There are no eternal friends between the country of cultivation and the country of cultivation. There are only eternal interests.

After seeing Mi Xiu Yuanzun off, Bai Yinshou bowed respectfully when he saw the corners of Qiao Yanyuan's mouth turned up. "It seems that Mr. Qiao's negotiation went smoothly."

"He accepted all my requests."

Qiao Yanyuan said: "I'm just an Earth monk. Even a great cultivator, Guoyuan Zun, can't refuse the generous terms I offer."

The disputes between human monks since ancient times have all been caused by selfish interests. Even under the modern framework system, this law between the cultivation country and the cultivation country is eternal.

Bai Yinshou originally wanted to ask Qiao Yanyuan why he didn't use force to deter him.

But now he saw Qiao Yanyuan's expression of enjoyment. Bai Yinshou understood it almost instantly.

But he still pretended not to know and asked his own question: "Mr. Qiao, your combat power is extraordinary. Just a mere earth monk. You can crush them into ashes with just a raise of your hand."

Qiao Yanyuan smiled playfully and said: "That's true. But I still don't want to do it just like that. It's more fun to provoke the ants. If you stomp them into a pulp with one kick, that would be the most pale behavior."

"That's what Mr. Qiao said."

Bai Yinshou nodded.

Of course, he felt that one of the main reasons why Qiao Yanyuan refused to take action was probably because of the boy named Wang who was hiding behind his back...

It's strange. He obviously doesn't have Alzheimer's disease, but he just can't remember the other person's complete name.

Now all the Dragonborn know that there is a mysterious royal family from the East on earth.

And in that small house, there are horrors packed one after another. Even the newly born baby girl has the powerful ability to compete with Jingze and Yan?...

In fact, Bai Yinshou felt that it was a bit reluctant for him to say that he was trying to resist. Although the information passed down above was that of resisting, according to the gossip he got, both Jingze and Yan were beaten violently by the newborn girl. of.

The key is that the girl is not yet full moon!

Anyway, no matter what, that family is very abnormal! Extremely abnormal! It is the bug of all human monks on the earth!

But obviously Bai Yinshou also felt that Qiao Yanyuan had grasped the key point. That is, he believed that the Wang family did not want to expose their true strength in front of the world. It was precisely because of this that he would change his strategy now. Let more people Many Earth cultivators were involved.

Now that the Moonlight cruise ship in the restricted area has been exposed, and even the show of force cannot drive away this group of earth monks, in Qiao Yanyuan's opinion, the best way now is to just open the door and let more people get involved. in this matter.

Moreover, it is necessary to involve the most powerful, respected and truly able upper-level earth monks on earth.

And Mi Xiuyuan Zun is one of the important links in Qiao Yanyuan's next layout.

On the other hand, Qiao Yanyuan also said that it would be too boring to directly crush these earth monks to death.

There is no sense of achievement at all.

Any game, no matter how fun it is, will become completely boring when you turn on the cheats and enter the Musou mode.

So he directly adopted this model. He used inducements to get the people he selected to cooperate with him, and used the power of this group of earthlings to block the rest of the earthlings...

What will the scene be like then?

The Yuan Zun fire merged. The earth monks fought against each other. Then they died violently...

Listen. How sweet it is...

...

Yue Lingwei is driving the Little White Dragon. His goal is very determined. He has been pursuing the direction of the Moonlight.

It's not that easy to find the Moonlight. Although Qiao Yanyuan's signal is right in this restricted area of the sea, the other party has still set up an illusion barrier. Therefore, Yue Lingwei is also decoding the signals in the restricted area of the sea while acting like a little white dragon. Illusion barrier.

Everything was going smoothly at first. But halfway through the route, Zhang Zhui suddenly felt that Xiao Bailong's speed was gradually slowing down.

Yue Lingwei frowned: "The situation is not quite right."

Zhang Zhui: "?"

Yue Lingwei: "On the other side of the sea, all the barriers were opened in an instant. I feel that the illusion barrier no longer exists. He no longer hides himself. It seems that he is deliberately leading us in."

"Is there such a good thing?"

Zhang Zhui smiled: "Is this guy provoking? Or is he really not afraid of death?"

He flexed his knuckles. It felt like he hadn't encountered such a thorn for a long time. Although he also knew that Qiao Yanyuan was very strong, Zhang Zhui, as the eternal man, had never been afraid of anyone. There are many ways to win. There is no one. It is said that victory must be achieved through a head-on confrontation.

Saving the country through curves is also saving the country. As long as it can win, the final winner will have the right to interpret the victory and will always be the righteous party.

"There is fraud." Yue Lingwei was cautious.

He felt that Qiao Yanyuan's behavior was a bit uncharacteristic. www.uukanshu.net From the initial intimidation, to now the middle door was almost wide open, completely exposing his coordinates without adding any obstacles. Such behavior seemed to be Tell them that there may be unknown "surprises" if they continue to delve deeper.

But now, no one has come to translate for Yue Lingwei what a surprise is.

"Bang!"

At this moment, a cannonball turned into a stream of light and came from far to near. Yue Lingjian reacted quickly. However, the sword master was always on guard. The bomb was intercepted by Yi Jianchuan's sword energy halfway through the flight. . Immediately it was torn into pieces and exploded in mid-air.

Then, right in front of Yue Lingwei, a scene that made him unbelievable happened. A large number of Mixiu Country ships appeared out of thin air on the sea. They were like ghost ships coming from all directions.

At that moment, Yue Lingwei and Zhang Zhui instantly understood the real reason why Qiao Yanyuan left the middle door wide open.

In the land of cultivation on Earth, a traitor has appeared...





Chapter 2097 The world’s troublemaker


Previously, when all the cultivators united as one and the people of all countries united at the entrance of the restricted area, they sailed into the restricted area peacefully. As a sword master, Yi Jianchuan's first reaction was to be surprised.

After all, he is also a senior figure in today's earthly cultivation world who has witnessed the evolution of the entire modern cultivation civilization. He enjoys a reputation around the world and is highly respected. He even has a certain say in the International Federation of Cultivators.

That's the National Council of Cultivators. It's a place where major cultivators sit down to discuss important matters. Yuanzun may not necessarily participate. But those who can speak in that kind of place represent the image of a major cultivator nation.

Yi Jianchuan. He is the Huaxiu Sword Master. He is also one of the important representatives sent by Huaxiu Alliance to participate in the National Show Alliance. He has participated in thousands of conferences.

In the National Cultivation Alliance, Huaxiu is also one of the four permanent representatives of the association. Therefore, on the modern cultivation network, Huaxiu, Mi Xiu, Xiong Xiu and Lan Xiu are also known as the Four Good People...

It is said that thousands of years ago, there were still five permanent representatives. But...one day, one of them inexplicably raised a white flag and quit...

All in all, today's modern cultivation world is generally under the framework of peace. Modern wars rarely occur. Even if they do, they will not be wars between the world's cultivation countries.

Of course, peace or non-peace, stability or instability, ordinary monks in the Cultivation Kingdom cannot decide. It also depends on whether some Cultivation Congress will set the pace.

Seeing Yi Jianchuan's calm expression, Wang Muyu was also curious: "The teacher has known about it for a long time. Will they intervene?"

"Yeah... I can count. I didn't expect them to be so directly involved in this matter." Yi Jianchuan nodded. He wanted to say that Mixiu Country is the most unstable factor in world peace today. This country Since the founding of the country, he has been famous for skinning on the battlefield. He makes a living by selling the black technology of cultivation. What he makes is the war wealth extracted from the piles of blood and bones.

Among the people, Michu has also been given a resounding nickname: the troublemaker of world peace...

The incident in the restricted sea area originally arose out of the search for the missing general Mykoasi. However, due to Michu's move, ships from all over the world gathered in this restricted area.

Yi Jianchuan had actually thought of it at that time. Under such circumstances, if the bellicose Misu Yuanzun seized the opportunity to sow discord among the major cultivating countries, it would easily lead to a direct war.

Even if it is just one ship firing a cannon at another ship, it will be directly cited as their reason for war. After all, as the "shit stirrup" of world peace, the reasons they used in the past were very overbearing and rude. One of your own has been lost. I want to send a special cultivation team to your territory to search for it...

Why do you suspect that a certain cultivating country is researching a secret magic weapon, which has powerful destructive power. In order to maintain world peace, you have to go to that country's land to find out what is going on. Destroy the magic weapon to maintain stability.

As a result, when I left, I didn't find the magic weapon. I only found a bottle of white powder with a terrifying name. Some people said that it might just be washing powder.

The key is just to take them away. When they left, they also dug up a large number of spiritual stones from the Xiu Zhen Kingdom. They also said that these spiritual stones were all dropped on the road. They are ownerless things. Whoever picks them up belongs to them.

Arrogant, rude, unreasonable, double standards, back-tracking...the biggest impression left by the recent Misu Yuanzun in the modern international cultivation society. At the same time, they also like to think nonsense. They like to inexplicably treat people as nonsense. Enemy. Use your own thinking to figure out whether others will hurt you.

The reason is impossible. Just because in the long history of cultivation, they have made their fortune by invading again and again.

They are too familiar with how to invade others. It is precisely because they are too familiar that they keep thinking about what they will do if it is their turn to be invaded.

Now they haven't discovered the person behind the restricted area. The Mi Xiu fleet suddenly appeared in groups.

Zhang Zhui had clearly thrown the monks from various countries out of the restricted sea area before. How could they suddenly appear here under normal circumstances?

Then the truth is even simpler.

Obviously, Michu has reached some kind of agreement with a certain mysterious monk hiding deep in the restricted area of the sea.

Of course, the above are just Yi Jianchuan's own guesses.

When he eloquently analyzed the exit, even Yue Lingwei and Zhang Zhui were extremely surprised. They admired the sword master's strategic vision and quick thinking ability.

Gu Yan had to say, this guess is indeed close to ten.

"What to do?"

Zhang Zhui hesitated.

Yue Lingwei couldn't help but sigh.

Now, it is indeed difficult to handle.

Office of Strategic Deception Although it is true that it is the number one sect now, the Michu fleet has been surrounded. This is no longer just an issue between sects.

During the period after the Office of Strategic Deception grew in strength, there were initially remarks to smear the Office of Strategic Deception in some other cultivation countries. They called the Office of Strategic Deception a country within a country, in an attempt to instigate the relationship between the Office of Strategic Deception and Huaxiu Yuanzun. conflicts between.

Therefore, where the Office of Strategic Deception was established, Lord Diu Lei chose to let Huaxiu Alliance become a shareholder. This was also out of consideration for the international future.

In the country, they can still decide on the communication between sects. There is no need to report everything to Huaxiu Alliance.

But things are different now.

Sea restricted area. This is the high seas. It is not affiliated with any cultivation country.

Michu's fleet surrounded them like this. It was obviously a strategic threat. He wanted them not to go deeper.

Zhang Zhui Yuelingwei looked at each other for a while. In the end, it was the Sword Master who hit the headrest first. Even in the face of being surrounded by so many ships, he flew out towards the skylight without any hesitation.

The moment he saw Yi Jianchuan's figure, a leading soldier from the leading ship immediately let out a voice. I wonder if it was because he was worried that the sword master would not understand. What he said was still in Mandarin: "Yi Jian Sheng. There is danger ahead. . Please go back as always. From today on, I, Mi Xiu, will be responsible for the safety supervision of this restricted sea area. Don’t worry about it, Sword Master."

These words made Yi Jianchuan laugh out loud immediately: "This sea is a restricted area. It is high seas. According to the convention signed by the countries of the Alliance of Nations, it does not belong to any cultivating country. I want to ask about it. Is it said that it is under the jurisdiction of Misu? Where did it come from?"

"Of course it was ordered by Misu Yuanzun. A large number of our ships are here. This is what Mr. Yuanzun arranged here in advance. And it is also direct evidence. It proves that I, Mi Xiu, have jurisdiction here."

"Mi Xiu...you are truly the world's policeman."

At this point, the sword master laughed even louder: "So, according to your meaning, can it be understood that you have many ships, and the ships are your direct evidence?"

"Exactly."

"Then let me tell you. I also have direct evidence. And it is more direct than your evidence."

"Oh? Juggernaut. Is there any evidence? You also have so many ships?"

"That's not true."

The next second, the Juggernaut directly asked a soul question: "Let me ask you something. What language did you just say to me?"

"..."

"You are using my native language of Huaxiu, but here you are saying that this restricted sea area has been supervised by you, Mi Xiu. I think this seems inappropriate, right?"





Chapter 2098 The usual style


Latest website: The monk Michu was speechless after these words. As we all know, as Huaxiu gradually grows, Huaxiu has naturally become one of the international languages.

In today's era, it is not only Brother Michu who is studying. Learning Mandarin has also become a standard course in other major cultivation countries.

If you want to take this to the next level, you can also learn classical Chinese. You can feel the breadth and depth of Chinese culture from the beautiful poems and songs of ancient poets.

This is recognized as the most difficult language in the world. It is also one of the most complex languages and cultures. It is not easy to learn. But with the continuous development of the era of cultivation, today's corporate sects who want to conduct business and trade in Huaxiu. If they can even speak a little Mandarin. I don’t even understand. I’m afraid it’s impossible to do business here.

Since the world of cultivation entered modern times, the world of cultivation hundreds of years ago had a unipolar structure.

Michu made a fortune by selling magical weapons during the war of aggression. Due to the superb cultivation technology, he almost formed a monopoly for a time.

Therefore, it has been dubbed the "tailor country" since ancient times. Every day, it is either sanctioning this or that...

But now it is already the year 4397 of the Cultivation Calendar. The single-level structure of the past no longer exists. Today’s world of Cultivation is a world where all powerful powers have emerged. The major Cultivation Countries are also in a state of relative checks and balances. Especially large-scale Cultivation Countries are in a state of relative checks and balances. Almost all countries have trump cards in their hands.

While sitting in the Little White Dragon, he saw Mi Xiu's ships coming from all directions and surrounding the Little White Dragon. Yi Jianchuan himself had never expected such a tyrannical obstruction.

He did not expect that even though the pattern of the earth had changed, Michu's monks would still pursue the same hegemonic behavior as before.

This has been their usual style since the founding of the country. He was thinking about it while sitting in the cabin. After thinking for more than ten seconds, he couldn't figure out what gave them the courage.

Especially within the restricted area of this sea, it is recognized as high seas by the international cultivation world. No cultivation country can seize the territory here and do whatever it wants.

After the monk Mi Xiu was speechless, he directly began to speak foreign language. Because he spoke too fast, Wang Muyu really didn't understand it. After all, he was only a child. The language system of the earth is too complicated. And the Dragon Clan There is not a particularly literate cultural dragon in his genes, which allows Wang Muyu to quickly learn languages from various countries.

But judging from the other person's constant spitting and rapidly trembling lips, as well as his comprehensive emotions, even if he didn't understand foreign language at all, Wang Muyu knew that this person was swearing.

In the capital of Mixiu Country, inside a huge white tower, Mixiu Yuanzun sat at his desk. He looked at everything through the surveillance footage transmitted from the ship in the maritime zone.

He accepted all Qiao Yanyuan's invitations and decided to cooperate with Honghuang because the conditions Qiao Yanyuan proposed to him were indeed too generous for him to refuse.

Not only was Mike Assi found, but Hong Siqi's injuries were also fully recovered. Not only that... the other party also introduced him to a rare talent - Qu Shuling.

A very young boy. But he has extremely amazing psychic powers. Although Mi Xiu Yuanzun didn't know how he was cultivated, but based on the clues collected by Mi Xiu's intelligence bureau, he judged that this Qu Shuling... .It is very likely that he is the legendary Eternal One.

In recent years, there have been endless reports that major cultivating countries are recruiting the Eternal Ones behind the scenes. Of course, Misuo himself is not willing to lag behind.

The origin of Qiao Yanyuan is strange. He can directly enter the restricted area and work on the Moonlight cruise ship without anyone noticing.

This also made Mi Xiuyuan Zun feel a little scared. But for now, for the sake of profit, temporary cooperation is not a bad idea.

As long as his means were sufficient, he felt that Qiao Yanyuan was also a huge threat and someone who must be targeted or eliminated in the future.

As for the current stage, the cooperation between Mixiu Country and Honghuang is only temporary.

And his mission is also very simple. He just needs to expel those Earth monks who try to approach the Moonlight.

Driving an immortal ship to wander around the straits of other cultivating countries. Who knows this better than Mi Xiu Yuanzun?

"Mr. Yuan Zun. I think the Sword Master will take action..."

"He didn't dare."

Mi Xiuyuanzun sat on a spacious and authentic high-end leather chair made of pure spirit animal fur. His orange skin and golden back hair made him look noble. Even the beard under his big nose looked riveting. Enough energy to give yourself a sense of drama.

There is no wrinkle in his suit. It is as smooth as his self-confidence: "Juggernaut. I have dealt with him for many years. In the ancient saying of Huaxiu, this person has always followed the golden mean. And for People are cautious. Even if we surround him, he will not take action directly. And the key is, in this situation, no one will come to help him."

He shook the red wine glass in his hand and took a sip: "I have personally spoken with the other cultivators. Their ships have gradually evacuated from the restricted area. I have also checked this high-speed maritime train. It is from the Office of Strategic Deception. "

Mi Xiuyuanzun's meaning is already obvious. The high-speed train under a sect will reach the sea restricted area.

Can this represent the country of cultivation to which it belongs? Can it have its own right to speak?

Not at all.

Because a sect, no matter how large it is built, is still dependent on the Xiuzhen Kingdom. Even if Yi Jianchuan is on this high-speed maritime train, it doesn't explain anything at all.

Compared with the regular immortal fleet and the armed monks sent by Michu, the maritime high-speed rail does seem a bit out of place. It has an unfair name.

銆愯铌湡攛屾渶杩戜竴鐩ancun椤鍜鍜阒呰鍤湅涔﹁毴町鎹㈡簮鍒囨崲锛屾湕瑿wedding煶鑹insert pan纴瀹夊崜鑻Rules and Regulations Umbrella€?/p>

Therefore, Mi Xiu Yuanzun seems to be very calm all the time. Because applying pressure is his usual method. What Mi Xiu wants to do is an act of justice. It is to maintain peace and stability.

If other cultivating countries dare to disobey Mi Xiu's wishes, that would be disobedience and a destroyer of world peace.

And to say the least, even if Yi Jianchuan takes action now, Mi Xiuyuanzun still has something to do. At that time, he only needs to control the surrounding public opinion and publicize two points around the world.

The first is. www.uukanshu.net The sword master who has just reached the Sage Immortal realm. He bullies the small ones with his big one. He suppresses the monks from other countries to maintain the peace and stability of the region.

Second, members of the Office of Strategic Deception openly took action in the restricted area on the high seas. Does this move prove that the previous statement that the Office of Strategic Deception is a state within a state is completely true?

The modern world of cultivation is no longer an era where problems can be solved purely by force and combat power. As long as we fight information warfare well, we can also occupy the peak of "public opinion".

Human nature is kind. No one knows better than him about this set of operations to incite public opinion!

At this time, Mi Xiuyuanzun sneered: "I don't believe it. This Office of Strategic Deception high-speed rail is now in a desperate situation. How can it break my situation?"

As soon as he finished speaking, the slap in the face came suddenly.

At this moment, the void shook.

Countless golden haloes bloomed in the sky like flowers. These were portals. They were densely scattered throughout the sky...





Chapter 2099 Big Pie Tactics


Latest website: Against Yi Jianchuan, against Yue Lingwei, against Zhang Zhui. The immortal fleet arranged by Mi Xiu Yuanzun surrounded them from all directions. If this matter is not handled carefully, it will easily lead to a war between the two countries.

Even though Sage Immortal is in charge, the country is so vast that a fight is really going to happen. Yi Jianchuan is not sure that he can protect the safety of all the people. Peace is what everyone hopes for. No one wants to live in an era of war. Let alone People hope that there will really be a fight, because when the time comes, we will rise or fall. We will always be the citizens of the Xiuzhen Kingdom in suffering.

The reason why the modern scientific cultivation world can move forward steadily is ultimately because of the existence of the rule of law, the existence of civilization, and the existence of checks and balances. It restrains the kind of unreasonable violence against others that relies only on strength under the cultivation system of the old era. The kind of monks who plunder and have no moral sense.

Of course, there are many monks like this who have no sense of morality and rule of law in the modern world of cultivation. But they dare not, because they know that there are people above them who are stronger than them, because they are also afraid of social death. They are afraid that their crimes will be made public with the modern Internet. They are afraid that their ugly faces will be known to everyone.

Therefore, in Yi Jianchuan's view, Misu, as a country that made its fortune in modern times by invading other cultivating countries, appears to be free, fair and preaches peace everywhere. In fact, it is still continuing its old hegemony.

Just like at this moment, these ships were surrounded. It told him clearly that at this moment on the high seas, they were riding a sect's special train. They were not qualified to speak on an equal footing with a country's exclusive fleet.

This is a trick used by Mi Xiu. It is also an act of hegemony. But Xiao Bailong has traveled so far. It was impossible for them to give in in the past. It is even more impossible to give in now!

The restricted area of the sea is the high seas! It is a land without owners. Although the order of the international cultivation world must be observed, the monks of Michu cannot be allowed to show off their power here.

When countless golden haloes bloomed like flowers in the void, the sea water in the entire sea restricted area surged again and became unstable.

Mi Xiuyuanzun was in the giant white tower. He looked at the scene in front of him from a distance. He rubbed his eyes and couldn't believe what he saw. This was not a teleportation circle. It was someone who opened the teleportation channel!

Space-based teleportation spells. True Immortal can do it. But the teleportation distance will not be too far. It is absolutely impossible to come directly across half the world. And in the process of traveling through space, a lot of spiritual energy will be consumed.

Venerated Immortal can communicate with the power of the universe and roam on foot in the universe. It is no problem to achieve long-distance crossing. As for the holy realm... as long as you understand the space spell, the distance of space transmission can be even further.

However, all space spells currently known to modern human monks on earth have one thing in common. That is, only in places marked by one's own aura can one use space capabilities to achieve precise transmission. Otherwise, position deviation will easily occur.

But in front of him, the teleportation channels opened in the void one by one made Mi Xiuyuanzun completely confused.

Because he immediately judged that this was definitely not a space channel opened by magic. It was a transmission completed using modern technology! It was also combined with the most advanced satellite positioning to achieve such accuracy!

When a large number of humanoid combat mechas with Huaxiu's mark poured out from the space passage and formed a neat square array in the void. The moon spirit was in danger, Zhang Zhui suddenly understood in his heart. This was Wang Ming's handiwork!

Both of them were amazed at how terrifying this man was.

With the body of an ordinary person, he can actually develop a precise space transmission device for ultra-long distances.

It should be noted that from Huaxiu to this restricted sea area, it spans more than half of the earth!

If we send out a fleet group, we won't be able to reach here at the first time.

The same person who was shocked was Mi Xiu Yuanzun. He was in the office of the giant white tower with all his staff. Gu Cheng

"Ultra-long distance precision space transmission device..."

An old man in a suit and ties was greatly shocked. His back stood up. He felt that all the nerves in his body were tense instantly.

As a country that has always been famous for its black technology of cultivation and sells offensive magic weapons to the world, Huaxiu suddenly developed an "ultra-long-distance precise space transmission device" at this time. It was undoubtedly a slap in the face for them.

"Our Academy of Sciences has been developing this thing for a long time! Why did they come up with it first?" Mi Xiuyuanzun was puzzled, but he was greatly shocked.

This advanced technology made him feel an almost disconnected feeling. At the same time, his face was covered with cold sweat. From Huaxiu to the coordinates of the sea restricted area, more than half of the world has been crossed.

This means that the barriers arranged by the major cultivation countries at the national borders are no longer in effect for Huaxiu now... Their monks can concentrate their strength at any time. Through this method, they can be transmitted continuously like today!

You don’t even have to send out monks!

Because the humanoid fighting machine in front of him has already explained that Huaxiu also controls the technology of the mechanical monk! This is a fighting robot made purely by using technological means and materials from the cultivation world!

This is also a technology that Michu does not have now...

At this moment, Mi Xiuyuanzun felt dizzy from the divine pool and felt like he was about to faint.

He asked sternly: "Why! There are so many cutting-edge monks in our Academy of Cultivation and Magical Science. How come these two technologies have been overtaken? Isn't it possible that none of them can work! Wasn't this proposed decades ago... ."

"Why..."

One person lamented: "Although this concept was proposed decades ago, and we also have mature theories, it is just a theory."

"So I just want to ask why it hasn't been done! Is it so difficult to have a mechanized cultivation force. www.uukanshu.net and an ultra-long-distance precise space transmission device?"

"Lord Yuan Zun, calm down... This... we didn't expect this. We originally wanted to draw a pie. Because although this thing has theory, in fact, it is simply a fantasy in the eyes of our scientific researchers. . It is completely impossible to achieve. So Huaxiu has invested in this area over the years. The possibility of getting nothing is very high."

As the man spoke, he sighed: "But... who would have thought... they really did it."

The tactic of trying to spread the pie and bring down the rest of the Xiu Zhen Kingdom was also Mi Xiu's usual tactic. But he didn't expect that it wouldn't work this time.

At this time, over the sea restricted area, a large number of mechanical monks developed by Huaxiu were neatly arranged in a grid pattern. There were tens of thousands in number! It was a dark mass, like a sheet of dark clouds, giving people a strong sense of oppression.

The sword master immediately pointed at the void and sneered: "Mixiu Yuanzun, you have deceived Xiongxiu before. You have also deceived Xiongxiu. Today is different from the past. I wonder if you, Mixiu, have this ability now? You don't have this ability. You know." Now you are still trying to deceive me and Brother Huaxiu. You are really shameless!"





Chapter 2100 It’s your own fault.


Latest website: A sound of rebuke is deafening and deafening. It shakes the heaven and earth. It makes the surrounding sea water convolute and surge. The sound wave can spread to every corner of the earth.

Today's Yi Jianchuan is in the holy realm after all. This roar was full of anger. It directly caused the sword energy lingering on his body to spread with the sound waves. It had the effect of global broadcasting.

Looking at the dense matrix of mechanical monks in the sky. Tens of thousands of troops gathered here in a short period of time. Mi Xiuyuanzun always held a trace of luck in his heart.

Even if Huaxiu develops the "ultra-long-distance precise space transmission device", this mechanical monk... may not be purely mechanical!

Puppet technology in the world of cultivation is now also very advanced. In the trial grounds of the spirit world, there are puppets made of psychic clay combined with spells. They only need to insert a chip.

But as we all know, Mi Xiu has always been in a leading position in terms of Cultivation scientific research results in the field of chips.

It is also a common tactic to rely on one's own technical means to retaliate against a cultivating country that cannot reach an agreement or to technically cut off supply.

Huaxiu's chip technology can't keep up. A mechanized monk with purely mechanical components. This is simply a fantasy in Mi Xiuyuanzun's mind.

It cannot be made purely mechanically!

He doesn't believe it!

Currently, countries around the world are still focusing on researching puppet technology made of psychic clay. Even if it is combined with mechanical parts, it is still semi-mechanized.

Purely mechanical mechanical monks. Due to material limitations, most of the robots produced by various countries are used in the service industry. They cannot be directly put into combat. Moreover, they cannot fly directly in human form.

Therefore, for the puppets made of psychic clay, Michu, who has always been meticulous, naturally has corresponding countermeasures. This is a strategic planning measure to guard against the attack of a large number of puppet legions in the future.

"Fire the railgun!"

In the giant white tower, Mi Xiuyuanzun opened the mechanism of the desk. A red case with a glass cover rose from the center of the desk.

When the people around him saw this, they immediately blocked him: "Master Yuan Zun, no!"

Everyone was sweating coldly. They didn’t have the courage to fight. But they not only had the courage to make money in the name of war, but they also had great courage!

Everyone knows what this red button represents!

This is Yuan Zun Ling!

Yuan Zun directly issued the order to mobilize the monks of the Cultivation Defense Association to carry out the first command remotely. There is no need to go through any parliamentary approval. Yuan Zun only needs to make his own decision.

Although the conditions for triggering the Yuan Zun Order vary from country to country, what it means once triggered is extremely clear.

Once pressed. This is equivalent to declaring war with Huaxiu...

Mi Xiuyuanzun is used to being proud. He has always been domineering and unreasonable. Although his staff often like to stir up trouble in public, most of the time they are quick to talk and do what they say with their hands. It's not necessarily a set of actions. It's the so-called inconsistency.

The monks on his staff are all talents recruited from all over the world during the founding of Mixiu. He is picky about food because of his love for the country. But he is not really stupid.

Fighting now will only do a lot of harm and no good. It is possible to make money, but not if it involves too much risk.

What's more, Mi Xiu now doesn't even know how Huaxiu came up with the "ultra-long-distance precise space transmission device"... This is a technology that has surpassed the current level of cutting-edge cultivation technology. The birth of this technology . It marks that the monk civilization on earth will directly enter the second level civilization stage!

They have been defeated! Gu Ji

When you are not sure how far the other party has developed, you can no longer cause trouble easily!

So the staff began to block him with their bodies. They were like football players. They threw Yuan Zun directly to the ground and tried to hold Yuan Zun down and calm him down.

But sometimes when his emotions got the better of him, his subordinates rebelled one after another. At that moment, Mi Xiu Yuanzun couldn't stand it anymore. The expression on his face was furious. His orange-red face was bloodshot.

"You...are you going to rebel?" He shouted loudly. The more he was obstructed, the more he aroused a spirit of resistance.

But in fact, Mi Xiuyuanzun is an extremely contradictory person in his heart. He wants to press the button. But he also hopes that someone can stop him the moment before he presses the button...

So I struggled on this side, struggled with it, and got pushed around.

Everyone then heard a "bang" sound coming from the office.

What everyone didn't expect was that the red button of the Yuan Zun Order was actually crushed by Mi Xiu Yuan Zun under the push of a group of staff!

At the same time. Button trigger!

At that moment, the office fell into a dead silence.

Everyone knows that once this button is pressed, it is equivalent to lighting a powder keg.

"Boom!"

In Mixiu territory, a rocket carrying the intercontinental ballistic missile head of a giant railgun at the Cultivation Rocket Launch Center shot into the sky as the command was triggered. It also changed its trajectory several times in the air and fired towards the sea restricted area!

This railgun is a strategic countermeasure specifically designed to deal with the Puppet Force. Because most of the Puppet's internal components are semi-mechanical. It has three main cores. One is a high-end technology chip. The other is a chip that can store a huge amount of spiritual power. Energy reserve. The third is simulated nerve blood vessels kneaded from psychic clay through modern technology.

The simulated composition of the puppet's blood vessels and nerves will directly determine the puppet's strength. The more detailed it is, the higher the level of monks it can reproduce.

But the puppet has a fatal flaw. That is, at least 70% of the body is made of psychic clay. And the shock wave emitted by this railgun can instantly make the clay extremely unstable as soon as it touches the psychic clay. liquid state. Thus disintegrating directly.

Although it is harmless to the human body, after all, this is a missile triggered by Yuan Zunling. No matter how you explain it, this behavior is no different from declaring war.

At that moment, Mi Xiuyuanzun's head was full of millet: "You... why don't you stop me! Do you want to rebel?"

He was furious. www.uukanshu.net At the same time, he was thinking about the consequences.

No matter what the outcome of the current situation is, he seems to be embarrassed.

If this railgun hits, it will directly disintegrate these mechanical monks. This means that Huaxiu does not currently have the kind of fully mechanized monk technology. It can test the opponent's current technological strength. At least it is not as strong as they imagined, right?

But if it doesn't disintegrate after hitting it...that would be embarrassing. They may have really hit a brick wall now.

However, what no one expected was that there is now a third situation.

I saw that just when the intercontinental railgun was halfway fired, a sword energy came across from a long distance...

At the critical moment, Yi Jianchuan took action again.

However, this sword energy was not designed to disintegrate the missile. Instead, it was like a ball of cotton. A giant trampoline was constructed in front of it, causing the railgun to bounce straight in mid-air. It turned around and headed towards Mixiu Country shoots away...