Chapter 1501 Warm Guardian Spirit


At the moment when he fell off the cliff, Wang Ling was thinking about whether his acting skills were still good enough.

Is there anything artificial or unnatural about it?

He felt that there shouldn't be any.

After all, when that person chose to push him down, he didn't see his face.

Wang Ling wanted to pretend to be scared. Then he said "Oops".

Unfortunately, Wang Ling doesn't seem to know what fear is.

The thing he has been most afraid of since he was a child is that he is afraid of blowing up the earth. Or he accidentally turns over while sleeping and fails to control his strength. Then when he wakes up, his home is gone.

However, these things are just scary to Wang Ling.

Far from reaching the point of panic.

After those hands hidden in the darkness pushed Wang Ling down, a bit of a sinister smile appeared on his face.

In the darkness, the cracked corners of his mouth and the big white teeth were particularly conspicuous.

Just like Xiao Hei in a certain detective cartoon.

"It's done... He's finally done!" In the darkness, the man's eyes widened. The whites of his bloodshot eyes showed a bit of madness. He kept mumbling in his mouth: "Perfect... too perfect. !This parabola!"

If you look closely along his body, you will find that he has no legs at all.

The man's entire lower body was a mass of shadow, connected to the ground. And just now he emerged from the ground.

In fact, he is also a ghost. His name is: Pashan Gui...

He only obeyed the orders of the Sixth Madam.

Over the past many years, there have been accidental cliff falls on Tiangan Mountain. Without exception, it was all his fault.

His birth name is Zhang Xisheng. He is an excellent mathematics teacher. He is also very good at calculating functions, parabolas and the like.

As a mathematics teacher, Zhang Xisheng has always felt that he should not be limited to the stereotyped cases in textbooks.

You should try the method by yourself and combine it with practical training to deepen the impression on the students.

The crazy pursuit of practical training gradually increased Zhang Xisheng's mental pressure, which eventually evolved into depression without even knowing it.

Zhang Xisheng's last practical training was to perform a perfect parabola. He jumped off the cliff in front of all the students on Tiangan Mountain.

Then... he never came up again...

Zhang Xisheng fell off a cliff and died. His deeds became a joke among many students.

And over time. Zhang Xisheng became known as "Zhang Sacrifice". He became a negative example among the teachers.

It has been recorded in the horror legend of Sun Island.

Those students who had witnessed Zhang Sacrifice fall off the cliff.

In the end, they all suffered from depression. Each one of them chose to jump from a high place to end his life.

They are like a group of cursed people.

Those who don't have enough realm can die in just one jump.

And those students with a slightly higher level may not die after jumping once. So they jumped a second time, a third time...

Zhang Sacrifice has existed for a long time. People thought it was just a legend.

But no one thought that this was actually a real ghost.

"You didn't expect that... I, Zhang Sacrifice, really exist..."

After completing the Sixth Madam's mission, Zhang Sacrifice's face looked proud and somewhat appreciative.

He stared into the abyss below, as if staring at a work of art, admiring his criminal masterpiece.

The Sixth Madam had told him that if this person fell, others would react...

Among the three people from Number 60 High School, there is a hidden master.

Zhang Sacrifice has been staring at Wang Ming since he went up the mountain.

However, what puzzled Zhang Sacrifice was that the remaining few people didn't react at all...

He saw Wang Ming, Sun Rong walking towards the edge of the cliff.

There was no trace of sadness on their faces. They were actually still laughing! Are...laughing!?

Wang Ming curled his lips: "Hey, at this height, you can't kill Ling Ling, right?"

Sun Rong also laughed: "Yeah. This distance can't hurt classmate Wang Ling. And it's not bad. The distance is not too high. And classmate Wang Ling also used {Big Light Body Technique" }."

"If this were higher, just relying on the acceleration of gravity. Even when using {Big Light Body Technique}. With the physical strength of classmate Wang Ling, there would be a sudden violent impact with the ground. The power should be No less than a small nuclear warhead, right?"

"..."

Hearing this, Mr. Zhang Sacrifice was stunned.

Then the next moment, his expression became ferocious again!

He hated those guys who clearly saw those people getting hurt but looked on with cold eyes.

Especially this scene. It reminded Zhang Sacrifice of the time when he jumped off the cliff while teaching desperately during his depression. The students standing on the cliff looked at him with cold eyes and laughed at his appearance...

The overwhelming hatred made Zhang Sacrifice stretch out his claws again!

Reach out to Wang Ming and Sun Rong!

"I advise you to stop."

At this moment, Zhang Sacrifice suddenly heard Wang Ming's voice coming from the edge of the cliff.

The expression on Wang Ming's face was a smile. She turned to look at him.

"Can you see me?" Zhang Sacrifice was shocked.

"I can't. But my brother can." Wang Ming spread his hands helplessly and looked at Zhang Sacrifice.

At this time, Zhang Sacrifice saw that the dead fish-eyed boy who had been pushed down by him before appeared unscathed behind Wang Ming as if by magic.

Then, they stood next to Wang Ming. Both brothers looked at him helplessly.

"This...this is impossible!"

He was obviously a ghost. But Zhang Sacrifice was frightened by Wang Ling at this moment.

He roared in disbelief: "I've... pushed him down! The most perfect parabola!"

"..."

Wang Ling sighed.

Although this ghost is indeed very strong, it doesn't seem very smart.

When being pushed down by Zhang Sacrifice. Wang Ling did have the idea of getting rid of Zhang Sacrifice.

But after he saw Zhang Sacrifice's memory, that idea was instantly dismissed.

For Wang Ling who has King's Eyes and Fate abilities.

It is so easy to read the reason why a ghost takes shape in an instant.

In fact, in the days when Zhang Sacrifice first became a ghost, he was a ghost with good intentions.

And such ghosts are also defined as "guardian spirits" among ghosts.

Because of his madness for teaching, he fell into severe depression, which eventually led to the unfortunate incident of climbing a mountain and falling off a cliff.

Zhang Sacrifice worries that his students will make the same mistake.

He incarnates as the "guardian spirit" of all students. He ensures that the students he teaches can grow up safely and healthily...

Until one day, the existence of Zhang Sacrifice was discovered by Madam Six.

The Sixth Lady tampered with Zhang Sacrifice's memory.

He changed those cute, kind-hearted students into cold-blooded and indifferent appearances, which gradually inspired Zhang Sacrifice's inner hatred...

He forgot that when he jumped off the cliff that day, the students who loved his teaching style cried bitterly.

He forgot the anxiety and desperation of the students when they organized the rescue that day. Regardless of the danger, they went down the mountain to find Teacher Zhang without waiting for the rescue team to arrive...

Although in the end, the result was of no avail.

Wang Ling saw it all.

He immediately changed his mind.

Teacher Zhang is a good teacher.

Every wrongdoer has his own debtor. All the ledgers should be recorded on the sixth lady...

"Relieve yourself..."

The next moment.

Wang Ling thought. He stretched out his index finger and gently placed it on Zhang Sacrifice's forehead...

Buzz!

After a golden light passed.

All tampered memories are instantly corrected.

Suddenly, the man thought of his true mission.

Two tears streamed down from his eyes...

"Thank you..."

Zhang Sacrifice with a smile. Parted in front of all of them.

A teacher who cares about his students even after he dies should not be treated like this.

Wang Ling used his own power to free Zhang Sacrifice and sent him to reincarnation.

And in the next reincarnation, Zhang Sacrifice will still be an outstanding, accomplished, and beloved people's teacher by students...

"Is it over?" Wang Ming asked.

"eh..."Wang Ling nodded.

In fact. The whole process happens in a very short time.

Yingxian Heming hadn't even come out of the toilet yet. This "Pashan Gui" Zhang Sacrifice was successfully dealt with.

Later, Wang Ling shared the original memory of Zhang Sacrifice that he saw with Wang Ming, Sun Rong and Zhai Yin, who had been looking at it in shock.

"It turns out that classmate Wang Ling, you are so powerful..." Zhai Yin came over. The expression on his face was indescribable surprise.

Yes.

Wang Ling has a showdown.

He felt that this was actually a good opportunity.

"Yinzi. This is actually what I have been hiding from you."

At this time, Wang Ming said: "As you can see, my brother is very strong...that's why I need to develop Talisman to suppress his power. Otherwise, he will not be able to control himself."

"Yeah! I really didn't expect that your brother at this age would actually have the strength of Soul Formation..." Zhai Yin felt that the amount of information was a bit huge.

Wang Ling, Wang Ming, Sun Rong: "..."

At this time, Zhai Yin saw the three people staring at him in confusion. He quickly said: "Don't worry. I will never tell anyone!"

Everyone: "..."





Chapter 1502 Mrs. 6 is targeted


Facts have proven that people’s imagination is always limited by their own experiences.

After Zhai Yin finished speaking, the venue fell into a long silence.

Wang Ling felt helpless in his heart.

Of course, Zhai Yin is not to blame for this incident. It is mainly because of the series of operations he just dealt with "Zhang Sacrifice". This scene is really too small. It is far from breaking through the scope of Zhai Yin's understanding.

If Zhai Yin was the same as Sun Rong last time. He witnessed the battle between Wang Ling and Peng Xiren.

You would never come to such a conclusion.

"Did I say something wrong? Why are you looking at me like that?" Zhai Yin was puzzled. She tilted her head and there was an obvious big question mark on her forehead.

Wang Ming laughed out loud. He couldn't help but rub Zhai Yin's face with his hands.

"What are you doing..." Zhai Yin was a little embarrassed.

"I just think you are a bit cute, Yinzi." Wang Ming smiled and said, "Why do you think I care about you so much..."

"Don't do this. It's too bad for people to see." Zhai Yin blushed.

"We are all our own, so why should we be embarrassed? Besides, Mr. Yingxian hasn't come back from the toilet yet." Wang Ming didn't mean to be polite at all. He just lay down on her and hugged her like a piece of brown sugar.

Zhai Yin smiled helplessly and frowned quickly: "Speaking of which, Mr. Yingxian seems to have been in there for a while. Why hasn't he come out yet?"

"Yeah. It seems like it's been a long time since we got in."

Wang Ming used Wang Ling's perspective heat sensor to take a look. He found that Yingxian Heming was still squatting.

It doesn't look like there's anything unusual.

A cultivator with a normal diet usually does not suffer from constipation. However, it does happen that it takes a long time to go to the toilet.

Usually, the higher the level, the longer the interval between each bowel movement.

This is why many high-level cultivators do not need to go to the toilet during retreat.

In fact, this mainly depends on personal habits.

In comparison, Wang Ling is more accustomed to doing whatever he wants in this regard.

If you feel like it, go squat on the toilet.

When you are not in the mood, you can directly transfer the inventory in your stomach or bladder.

Directly connected to Lord Ma's space and transferred to Lord Ma's belly.

Just press your belly button...one click to clear.

However, if Wang Ling chooses to squat on the toilet, then you can only squat on Lord Ma.

After all, Lord Ma was personally enlightened by Wang Ling. She has a relatively strong tolerance.

Otherwise, use another ordinary toilet. Wang Ling has just released himself. The huge recoil will make Wang Ling look like a pilot. He sits on the toilet and takes off...

"Just wait a little longer." Wang Ming shrugged helplessly.

According to the cyclical defecation patterns of cultivators on the {Encyclopedia of Cultivation}, Yingxian Heming has obviously been in a cage for a long time. I'm afraid he won't be able to get out for a while.

In fact, when Wang Ling was helping Zhang Sacrifice ferry back, Wang Ming actually vaguely heard the noise in the toilet.

The sound of the toilet flushing was like a ghost. It came one after another.

It looks like there is still a while. Wang Ling is not idle either.

Because of "Zhang Sacrifice".

Wang Ling feels that he must warn the sixth lady who has been behind the scenes.

The other party manipulates ghosts to commit crimes.

Such criminal evidence is actually difficult to obtain.

With the character of this sixth lady, once she realizes that her affairs will be exposed, she will immediately cut off her connection with ghosts.

As long as the ghosts are eliminated, then there will be no evidence of death.

However. As long as there is no undocumented certificate.

It seems that witness is also a way out.

But you must know that Wang Ling's strength is still hidden in front of strangers.

Although those close to him know that he is very strong.

But if he goes to the police, in the eyes of the police he is still an ordinary high school student in the Foundation Building.

Especially since this place is still abroad. The person being reported is the eldest lady of the Zhai Xing Group who is said to have married into the Jiugong family. She is now the sixth wife of the Jiugong family.

Therefore, no one will believe what a foreign high school student says... and go head-to-head with Zhai Xing Group.

Therefore, in order to bring down this Sixth Lady, mastering the "real hammer" is crucial.

He expected that there must be many artificially created ghosts like "Zhang Sacrifice" in the hands of the sixth lady.

They may be "guardian spirits", "lucky spirits" and the like. In other words, in a broad sense: good ghosts.

Since the Sixth Lady has the power to make ghosts distort their memories.

Then by distorting the memory, it makes those "good ghosts" have strong resentment, thereby creating powerful ghosts with strong resentment... It is definitely not difficult for the Sixth Lady.

At this time, while Mr. Yingxian Heming was still in trouble.

Wang Ling is passing King's Eyes. Quietly watching the movements of the Sixth Lady.

Jiugong's house. In the sixth lady's mansion, in front of a huge dressing mirror, the sixth lady is combing her waterfall-like hair with a mahogany comb.

Combing and combing, her hand suddenly stopped. Then she pulled out a piece of white hair from the wooden comb.

This just came out of her hair.

Immediately, Madam Six's eyes dimmed.

In front of the mirror, she started talking to herself.

The scenes and specific sounds happening in the room are all within the scope of Wang Ling's prying eyes.

The Sixth Madam spoke. That seemed to be the Sixth Madam's original intention. The Queen's voice was domineering and female.

"Huh. The contact with Pashan Gui was actually broken?"

Then she spoke again. It was a sharp and harsh voice. It had an evil feeling.

"Yes... I feel that he ascended to heaven. Although I don't know what happened. He became a guardian spirit again... and entered reincarnation..."

...

Um?

The Sixth Lady... So she's psychotic?

Wang Ling frowned. He sensed that something was wrong.

Of course this is a joke.

The same body makes two completely different sounds.

Let’s look at the actual situation of Mrs. Six.

Wang LingIt is judged that this crazy sixth lady should use her body as some kind of container to contain some kind of powerful ghost.

The powerful ghost gathered in her body acted like a "central processing unit".

She can freely mobilize her controlled ghosts for her use.

"Have you merged with that ghost called the Hair Demon?"

So very quickly. Wang Ling came to his own conclusion.

That hairy demon has a very long range.

Wang Ling Remember. Previously, their immortal boat was still an hour away from Sun Island.

The cockpit was invaded by the ghost's hair. It penetrated directly and took control of the pilot.

Calculate based on that range.

Even if Mrs. Six doesn't go out, she can still control everything at home through the ghosts in her body...

And the best proof.

It was the death of "Zhang Sacrifice" that caused one of Jiugong Xinghui's hairs to quickly wither and then fall off...

Because that hair was originally tied to Zhang Sacrifice.

As long as any ghost dies.

Madam Six's hair will fall out like this.

So now. Wang Ling suddenly had a bold idea.

What would happen if he reached out directly through the mirror in front of Mrs. Six and pulled her out bald...?





Chapter 1503 Ruthless Iron Hand・Wang Ling


At this moment. Wang Ling peered through the King's Eyes at this strange sixth lady.

A normal person has one hundred thousand hairs.

If all the hair on Mrs. Six's head is bound to a ghost. That means. Madame Six is at least in charge of 100,000 soldiers.

Wang Ling Although it is easy to pull out your hair, you must also consider the seriousness of the consequences.

Mainly Wang Ling currently we don’t know if all these 100,000 hairs are bound to ghosts.

And once you pull it out yourself.

Will the ghosts escape from Madam Six's control and form a new round of riots?

These are all situations that Wang Ling needs to take into consideration.

Even if these ghosts are rioting, it will not be difficult for Wang Ling to clean them up.

Mainly. These ghosts are difficult to control.

Once something in a free state is dispersed.

Wang Ling's ability to empty will also cause many innocent people to suffer.

So after considering the above situation comprehensively, Wang Ling thought of a way.

Since he couldn't guarantee whether the ghosts would disperse and cause a new problem.

Then he can start pulling them out one by one...

First, explore slowly. Finally, decide whether to continue to increase efforts based on the actual situation.

"There is indeed something wrong with these three people."

In front of the mirror, Madam Six took the white hair that fell off because of Yang's sacrifice alone.

This white hair has become curled and withered. There is no moisture at all.

It's as fragile as a hairspring. If you pinch it lightly, it will branch and break.

But in fact, this fallen White Hair is still useful.

"Demon spirit. You should be able to see it through White Hair, right?" Madam Six asked.

"This is easy."

The sharp and harsh female voice inside her spoke.

As the core center for the Sixth Lady to control all ghosts, the ability of the hair demon is not only to use ghosts to complete various tasks through ultra-long range, or to directly use hair to control the human body.

Turn those people into the puppets they want.

If there is even a trace of the ghost bound to the hair, the hair will wither like a withered flower.

As the core, the demon spirit naturally has the ability to see the reason why these "hairs" wither.

And for this kind of ability, the demons also call it "The Shining".

She could easily see what happened before Zhang Sacrifice "withered".

Before taking action, the demon spirit sneered: "Would you like to guess who did it?"

"I still doubt that person named Wang Xiaoer."

Mrs. Six replied: "I heard that there was another female teaching assistant among the people accompanying them. This is someone who has not been reported before. Moreover, this female teaching assistant seems to have an unusual relationship with Wang Xiaoer."

"Do teachers and students fall in love? It's interesting."

"I don't know the specific situation. But...there must be something wrong with this person. Otherwise, Huaxiu Country wouldn't suddenly send additional manpower." Madam Six calmly analyzed: "Real masters don't need protection. I'm afraid. I'm worried that this person will act too out of the ordinary and cause some controversy."

"No matter what, you'll know after just one look." The demon smiled and said, "Leave it to me. Just like before. Madam, please give me the control of your body for a short time..."

"Okay." Mrs. Six nodded.

This is the content of the contract. According to the contract agreement, the demon spirit has a time limit.

So every time she switched souls, the Sixth Madam didn't have the slightest concern.

Because she is the owner of the contract and has full control over the demon spirits.

For about one breath, Mrs. Six's black pupils turned into a pink color, just like the pink lipstick of Death Barbie that often appears in those TV series.

After the demon spirit took possession of her body, except for the color of her eyes, there were almost no other changes in the appearance of the Sixth Madam.

It's just that the surrounding temperature will drop suddenly and become cold.

But if someone sees it at this time, it will definitely feel weird.

A thin layer of frost began to form on the dressing mirror in front of me.

The demon couldn't help but curl his lips.

She confidently reached out and pointed at the white hair on the table and began to use her ability to test it.

Pink fluorescence seeped out from the palm of my hand.

It shone on that white hair like a searchlight for a few seconds.

"Um?"

Then, the demon spirit made a confused sound.

"What did you see?" Mrs. Six asked.

"Didn't see anything."

There was a big question mark on the demon spirit's head: "I just saw it. A mosaic."

"How could this happen?"

"I'm surprised too. I've never encountered this situation before."

The demon frowned: "I'll try again."

After repeated operations, the result is still the same.

It's still a mosaic.

And the more you observe, the thicker the mosaic becomes.

It's almost to the point of being insane.

"Can you project the picture you see on the mirror as before? I want to see it." Mrs. Six applied.

"Of course." The demon smiled nonchalantly: "I have no reason to lie to you. We are one."

At this time, one person and one ghost obviously did not realize the seriousness of the problem.

And just when the demon projected the mosaic he saw onto the mirror, a hand with distinct phalanges and clearly visible knuckles appeared in the mosaic.

Um?

What is this?!

One person and one ghost. Covered at the same time.

Immediately afterwards, a kind of panic surged over their heads, replacing all their thoughts at the moment.

You can't run away.

Wang Ling thought in his heart.

Covering it with only one hand, the huge spiritual pressure dropped suddenly, causing the sixth lady's body to suddenly sink. Except for the head, every inch of the body was directly stuffed into the earth.

That feeling cannot be described in words.

It almost made the sixth lady and the demon spirit in her body explode in an instant.

This...

What happened?

Why did a hand suddenly appear in the mirror?

And it also has such huge power...

"Senior should also be a ghost, right?"

The demon spirit asked tentatively: "I wonder if I have offended my senior in any way?"

She was trying to test it out.

Facing the hand that suddenly emerged from the mirror, she and Mrs. Six were frightened out of their wits.

Ghost?

Wang Ling felt speechless for a while.

This demon doesn't seem very smart.

But it doesn’t matter. Misunderstandings will be misunderstood.

There was no need for him to explain all this anyway.

He was not polite. He directly attacked the trapped Sixth Madam. He was hesitating whether to start with the hair on the hairline or the hair on the top of the head...

After making a decision using "Point of Sesame", Wang Ling pinched a piece of hair above the head and pulled it sharply.

"Ah!" Mrs. Six and Mo Linton both screamed at the same time.

They felt as if their scalp was being electrified. There was a strong burning sensation!

The moment the hair was pulled out, it felt like even the scalp was about to be removed!

The demon spirit was extremely frightened.

This ghost is too aloof. Not only is it powerful, but it also doesn't speak the whole time!

I actually had to pull my hair out as soon as I started!

asshole!

This hurts!

The demon roared in his heart.

On the other side, Wang Ling discovered that after pulling out a hair, it seemed that a ghost had really been released and was wandering in the room.

So he easily caught the ghost.

"Pfft!"

Use two fingers to crush the released ghost.

The green blood, which is difficult for ordinary cultivators to detect, sprayed out on the spot in the Sixth Madam's room, like exploding beef balls.

This is the blood that belongs exclusively to ghosts.

Because the Sixth Madam and the demon spirit have two souls in one body, the Bloody Sixth Madam can also see it.

When the green blood spurted out, the sixth lady's body and face were splashed.

The scene was like a horror movie and made the sixth lady tremble.

"Senior... please forgive me, senior!" One person and one ghost were so frightened that they cried out.

However, Wang Ling was ruthless. Not giving any chance at all, he started pulling out the second hair.

Every time I pull one out, I crush a released ghost. It's so steady...

Poor Mrs. Six's scalp was numb from the plucking. The strong burning sensation and the pain of peeling skin occurred every time Wang Ling was pulled out.

But pulling them out one by one is too slow...

Wang Ling is pleased to be plucking.

But I heard Wang Ming’s urging voice on the other side.

It was said that Yingxian Heming had finished using the toilet.

"Hey...it's not completely done yet." Wang Ling frowned slightly.

He looked at the two bald spots on Mrs. Six's head that were the size of thumbnails. He felt a pity in his heart.

But now, it seems that the only option is to temporarily take back his "ruthless iron hand".

When preparing to take your hand back from the mirror.

Wang Ling suddenly thought. Anyway, the Sixth Lady and the demon seemed to have regarded themselves as "ghosts".

Then maybe it would be better to leave a name as a deterrent.

So. Wang Ling put his hand directly on the thin frost on the dressing mirror.

I left my name - Houlang...

These two simple words gave the Sixth Madam and the demon spirit a great shock and a great sense of shame.

Holy shit Houlang...





Chapter 1504 The Sunrise of Three People


After Wang Ling stopped, the Sixth Madam and the demon spirit inside her body did not come back to their senses for a long time.

The pink pupils dissipated and turned into the black pupils of the Sixth Madam. Although her soul had switched back, her body still couldn't stop trembling.

A ghost named "Houlang"?

Where does this power come from... Why is there such a powerful ability...

The Sixth Lady and the demon spirit have been setting up their plans on Sun Island for many years. They thought they had everything under control.

But he didn't expect that an iron plate would be kicked up at this moment.

"Is there ever a ghost named Houlang on Sun Island?" Mrs. Six was so frightened that her face turned pale and her lips turned purple.

There was a burning pain on the top of her head.

The burning sensation on that bald spot was ridiculously strong. It felt like a hundred thousand Pikachus were dancing on it at the same time while putting a hundred thousand volts on it.

"I've never heard of it." The demon spirit was also frightened.

She and Jiugong Xinghui have been working together for many years. In order to seize the owner of {Ghost Book}, she entered Jiugong's house.

{Ghost Book} contains the top ghosts that the Jiugong family has conquered all over the world over the years. If you can bind them all with hair, you can use them for your own use.

The strength of the demon spirit will also reach an unimaginable peak!

Unexpectedly, such a powerful ghost appeared now. This seemed to make the two of them confused for a while.

"What should we do now?" Jiugong Xinghui originally thought that he was the one who was strategizing.

And Wang Ling's intervention suddenly made her feel flustered.

"Don't be anxious. There is still room for maneuver..."

The demon refused to give up. She felt that there might be a way to reverse the current situation: "That ghost named Houlang is indeed very strong."

"But he also made a mistake... that is, he just chose to stop. There are two bald spots on the top of his head that are the size of fingernails. In fact, the damage to us is very small."

"If we can get the main Ghost Book and absorb all the ghosts in the main book, he may not be our opponent."

"you mean..."

Jiugong Xinghui frowned.

The demon spirit sighed: "There is no other way. Although it is very risky. But in the current situation, we can only act in advance. As long as we can absorb the entire {Ghost Book}, maybe we can also bring the one named Houlang with us." Ghost. Swallow it all together..."

"Can I swallow it?!" Jiugong Xinghui's eyes brightened instantly.

"Possibly."

The Demon Spirit is confident: "If it is also swallowed by us. Not to mention on this Sun Island. My hair will be able to penetrate the world and even alien planets. And this will be the realization of our grand plan to control the world..."

"so it is."

Jiugong Xinghui nodded slightly.

As the Hair Demon said, their actions are indeed risky.

Over the years, she has been exploring ways to the underground seal at Jiugong's home.

After so many years of exploration, Jiugong Xinghui believes that he has basically mastered the method of opening the underground sealed passage. There is about a 96% chance of success.

To be on the safe side, they set their big plan in three months.

However, the appearance of Wang Ling was so sudden that they had to advance their plan.

It's risky. But it's also a helpless move.

That ghost named "Houlang" is a huge threat.

God knows when the other party will choose to attack them?

"How about it? Have you thought about it clearly?" At this time, the sharp voice of the haired demon sounded in her mind. She was still encouraging Jiugong Xinghui.

After a long silence, Jiugong Xinghui finally nodded: "I understand."

...

Because Yingxian Heming is around. Wang Ling continues to pull out his hair, which is actually a bit risky.

I have no choice but to withdraw my hand temporarily.

Anyway, the purpose of the warning has been achieved.

It just lets these two people live a little longer...

No matter what idea I have, Wang Ling feels that it is invalid.

After all, the gap in strength is obvious.

"I'm sorry everyone. I have a lot of stock. I kept you waiting for a long time." Yingxian Heming was a little embarrassed.

In fact, he has not completely released it yet. There is still some inventory left in his stomach.

However, due to time constraints, Yingxian Heming realized that he could no longer drag it out like this.

Otherwise, you will miss the best time to observe the sunrise.

So Yingxian Heming came up with a quick wit. He used the third function of the anus besides defecation on the toilet: "the art of breaking feces"...interrupting his detoxification work.

This looks like an interesting piece of writing.

But in fact, the author is not in the water.

But it will be helpful for readers with constipation when reading this paragraph.

Able to make your mind happy.

This produces the effect of detoxification and beauty.

About more than an hour passed. Wang Ling The group finally arrived at the sunrise observation platform of Tiangan Mountain.

The Jiugong family made arrangements in advance and fully booked the observation platform.

Best time, best place. No outsiders to interfere.

"Please enjoy it quietly. I'm going to prepare breakfast."

After taking everyone to the designated location, Yingxian Heming retreated very consciously.

Go to a safe hut on the observation platform and prepare breakfast.

He has put all the ingredients into the storage bag.

Choosing this time to prepare breakfast was actually to leave enough space for the four young people.

Although Yingxian Heming has issues with his sexual orientation, he is also a person who has been through it all.

He respects everyone's likes and hopes that everyone can get the best love.

At this time. Tiangan Mountain.

The brilliance of the sun has risen. It peeks out from the distant sky little by little.

Wang Ling felt the feeling of everything awakening from silence at this time. The feeling of dawn coming after darkness. The peace in his heart made him suddenly feel extremely comfortable.

Sun Rong stood beside Wang Ling, also looking ahead. The distance between the two seemed very close, but also seemed very far away.

Wang Ming wanted to step forward and tease Wang Ling. But this scene was so beautiful that the most noisy person actually calmed down at this moment.

Zhai Yin smiled slightly. He reached out and tugged on Wang Ming's sleeve. Then the two stood on the other side together, leaving the best sunrise observation angle to Wang Ling and Sun Rong.

The sun has left the horizon. It is red.

It moves upward slowly, passing through the clouds and mist in the distance. Like a beautiful agate plate, it illuminates everything brilliantly.

"Wang Ling..."Sun Rong opened his mouth, as if he wanted to say something to Wang Ling.

Wang Ling turned his face slightly sideways. He looked at Sun Rong and made a gentle shushing gesture.

The distance between the two of them is too close.

That familiar breath came. Sun Rong couldn't help but feel his face getting hot.

"Do you want to see it too..." Wang Ling started.

Sun Rong thought he was talking to himself. But then Wang Ling called Jingke out.

Placed next to the railing of the mountaintop observation platform.

She thought she had disturbed Wang Ling. She thought of retreating.

Jingke suddenly poked his head out, stretched out his hand between them, and pulled the two of them together.

At this time, Wang Ling was holding Jingke, and Jingke was holding Sun Rong.

No unnecessary words.

Only now. The most beautiful sunrise peace.

The cool breeze accompanied by the red clouds shining in the distance dyed the faces of young girls crimson...





Chapter 1505 Laogan Goose


The sunrise on Tiangan Mountain is so beautiful. Everything comes to life in the peaceful atmosphere. It is refreshing and refreshing.

A sense of comfort and pleasure can be produced in the mind.

Sun Rong looked at Wang Ling out of the corner of his eye. Although he did not hold the boy's hand directly, he felt an unprecedented sense of peace of mind and a great satisfaction in his heart.

Also suddenly, she found that her desire was even lower than she imagined.

Even if it's just holding hands...

Sun Rong is looking forward to the day when the wooden boy can come over and hold her hand.

Maybe this day wouldn't come too soon. But she thought it shouldn't be too far away either.

Monk Jin Deng said that as long as you spend enough time and patience, it can always be done.

She has a lot of time, a lot of patience and a love that is far beyond the imagination of a teenager...

One year, two years, five years...

ten years...

Looking at the brilliant morning glow in front of her, the girl believed that one day her heart would be like the ray of sunshine in front of her that penetrated the clouds and mist, melting all the frozen hearts.

Facing the rising sun and shining its warm sunshine, Yingxian Heming laid out a thick and soft picnic table mat at the sunrise observation point on the top of Tiangan Mountain.

As the first foreign minister of the Jiugong family, Yingxian Heming is already very skilled in reception matters. He is not only thoughtful, but also very formal and ritualistic.

He was dressed in a tuxedo suit. He looked like a chic black butler. He was concentrating on placing the barbecue in the wooden house on the tray.

At this time, Yingxian Heming held white gloves and a crystal knife. With an extremely precise operation, he evenly cut off thin slices of meat and distributed them on gorgeous dinner plates.

"This meat doesn't seem to be fully cooked?" Zhai Yin asked.

"Teacher Yu Sui has a good eye. This is top-quality dragon pork. I only grilled it until it is nine-tenths of a degree rare. The remaining one point needs to be cooked with the help of today's sun."

Yingxian Heming smiled slightly.

Then he cracked a few raw eggs on the meat slices on the dinner plate. At some point, he took out two huge condenser lenses in his hand, which condensed the brilliance of the sunrise onto the dinner plate.

The egg whites, egg liquid and the meat slices sandwiched between them are roasted and matured little by little. They exude a hot aroma.

"What a special way to do it." Zhai Yin was always interested in cooking, and she felt that she had learned, so she looked at Wang Ming: "When I go back, I'll make it for you too?"

"Murder your husband. This is a serious crime..." Wang Ming said tremblingly.

Zhai Yin rolled her eyes at Wang Ming: "Don't believe it. I'm so good at my craftsmanship now! I'll try it myself first! Make sure it's safe, and then I'll give it to you!"

"Yinzi. No! Why do you do that to yourself!"

"..."

Lively breakfast. Two people bickering.

Sun Rong looked at it and couldn't help but chuckle.

Sometimes she often thinks about it.

Such a little quarrel is also a little happiness.

Very romantic.

And such a small happiness.

In fact, she also wants to have...

This is the first time Wang Ling has seen such cooking techniques. He couldn't help but want to taste it. Just as he was about to use his chopsticks, he saw Yingxian Heming suddenly stretched out his hand: "Classmate, wait a minute. The most important thing when eating this dish is to eat it." Comes with chili sauce."

"Chili sauce?" At this moment, everyone focused their attention on Yingxian Heming.

"Yes. Use this dish. The most important thing is to use this bottle of chili sauce." Yingxian Heming took out a whole bottle from the storage bag. It is a brand-new packaged limited edition.

"Oh...I know this! Lao Gan Goose Chili Sauce! This is a limited edition!"

Zhai Yin recognized this bottle of expensive-looking chili sauce with a crystal outer packaging at a glance: "It is said that the production process of this limited edition chili sauce is very complicated. The chili peppers in it are all carefully selected small chili peppers." "

"Although this kind of small pepper is small in size, it is actually heavier than ordinary peppers because of its high quality."

"So before selecting, a large number of peppers will be tied to a flying car."

"Then use the huge centrifugal force generated by the speeding car on the racing track, especially when turning corners. From the high-speed driving state, these high-quality small peppers are screened out from the special filter!"

Everyone: "..."

Wang Ling This is the first time I have heard of such a weird method for separating peppers. I was stunned and also wondered why some people in modern society are always so idle.

"nice!"

After hearing Zhai Yin's science popularization, Yingxian Heming nodded: "I didn't expect Teacher Yu Jun to know so many things. That's amazing!"

"No. It's all trivial knowledge."

Zhai Yin was so happy to receive the compliment.

She has always been interested in cooking.

Otherwise, I wouldn’t have learned art from Mother Juan in the first place.

Wang Ming had the experience of eating dragon pork chops. In fact, Wang Ming had lingering fears.

He feels that this problem will be solved sooner or later...

Otherwise, big problems may occur sooner or later.

Wang Ming was thinking in his mind while watching Yingxian Heming scoop a full spoonful of chili sauce and pour it on his dinner plate.

"Speaking of which, why is this chili sauce called Lao Gan Goose?" At this time, he asked a question.

"Because all original chili peppers...are filtered through a penguin that has a certain sensitivity to chili peppers."

Yingxian Heming said: "Because of being deceived, this penguin's young mind was shocked and suddenly acquired the ability to distinguish peppers. It can distinguish the quality and authenticity of peppers."

"The authentic chili pepper has a scientific name: Laotuma chili pepper."

"General low-quality chili peppers. Their scientific name is Lao Shi Ma chili peppers."

"The ability of this penguin is to recognize clearly whether this little chili pepper is a mama or a papa."

"..."

"Finally, those selected Laotuma Chili Peppers will be selected again according to the steps mentioned before. The selected high-quality products will be made into limited editions. The ones that are not selected will be made into ordinary Laotuma Chili Pepper Sauce. "

"interesting..."

Wang Ming curled up the corners of his lips. He picked up the dinner plate and took a bite of Yingxian Heming's special dish with chopsticks.

Then I felt a surge of heat in my whole body. I actually felt a sense of comfort all over my body!

Very good taste!

His eyes lit up.

Wang Ling chewed quietly. His face was also bright red.

Food can stimulate a person's sense of joy. This statement is true.

Even Wang Ling. Although there is no expression on his face, it is not difficult to judge from his face that Wang Ling has a sense of happiness at the moment.

This is the first time that Wang Ming and Sun Rong have seen Wang Ling react like this to food other than crispy noodles.

It seems that the dish prepared by Yingxian Heming really touches people's hearts.

"It's great that you are all satisfied. It's my honor."

Yingxian Heming said in fluent Chinese, with a faint smile on his face: "By the way, everyone. I just received news from Jiudaohe High School. Because of the exchange student program, you will experience it in this high school in the next week. Study and live. Then should we all do as the Romans do and give us a localized name?"

Localized name?

Something surprising. Wang Ling seemed to have been prepared for it. He did it without thinking.

Write your name directly on the ground in the void.

Wang Houlang...





Chapter 1506 The clever use of Sang and Jiang


Wang Houlang. This doesn't sound like a native name from the Sun Island.

But if you chew it carefully, Yingxian Heming feels that it actually tastes very good.

Because it is not necessary to use the full name when calling someone by name.

Just remove the last name and add another word after it, and the internal flavor will come immediately.

For example: Houlang Sang, Houlang Jiang...etc.

"Houlang Sang. I think this name is really good. It sounds catchy." Yingxian Heming sighed: "What about the rest of you? Rong Jiang, Xiaoer Jiang?"

Everyone: "..."

Jiudaohe High School is a high school founded by the Jiugong family. It is very well-known in the mainland of Sun Island. It has comprehensive enrollment and is not specifically targeted at nobles.

This is an exchange student event. Sun Rong is here to help Jiugong Liangzi.

But in fact, it is also a rare opportunity to rectify the names of cultivators of the same age in China.

Because of differences in cultural environments and educational backgrounds, there are actually differences in the quality of cultivators in various countries.

As Jiudaohe High School is a famous school on Sun Island, the quality of its high school students is mostly from the late Foundation Building period.

Some even broke through the Golden Core in high school.

And this has created a phenomenon of xenophobia. Facing some students from foreign countries, Jiudaohe students will have a sense of superiority.

Therefore, Yingxian Heming has always been worried that some "campus violence" will occur during the exchange student activities.

These three people who came all the way from Number 60 High School were all distinguished guests of Jiugong's family. Moreover, they were friends who Jiugong Liangzi had greeted him by name in advance.

For this reason, Yingxian Heming was very cautious about the admission of the three people Wang Ling.

Including the current "localized naming" opinions. It is also a bit of Yingxian Heming's own ingenuity.

He felt that if Wang Ling and others had a more localized name, it might be easier for them to be accepted by the children in school.

"I have a question."

On the top of the mountain. At this time, Yingxian Heming took a sip of hot tea. He looked at Sun Rong and asked.

"What do you want to ask Mr. Yingxian?"

To Yingxian Heming's surprise, Sun Rong actually communicated with him directly in the native language of Sun Island.

It doesn’t feel lame at all. It doesn’t have any accent! It’s very authentic!

"Rong Jiang actually knows our Sun Island dialect?" Yingxian Heming was surprised.

"It's not that difficult to learn."

Sun Rong smiled: "I was once appointed by my family. I came here to study."

After all, the girl's visa alone has entry stamps from hundreds of countries...

And the variety of languages Sun Rong masters is actually quite rich.

She speaks dozens of languages from different countries.

"Rong-chan is amazing..."

Yingxian Heming smiled bitterly in his heart.

He now finally knew why Jiugong Liangzi had always regarded the young lady in front of him as his opponent.

"Actually, what I'm asking is not an important question. I just want to ask the three of you. Are you nervous?" At this time, Yingxian Heming continued.

Wang Ling: "..."

On the other side. Sun Rong, Wang Ming and Zhai Yin. After the three of them exchanged glances with each other, they couldn't help but feel like laughing.

"Why are you nervous?" Sun Rong said with a smile on his face.

Not to mention that Sun Rong now has the power of Aohai. Even before Aohai merged with the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube.

She still has enough confidence to face what is going to happen next.

It’s just cultivation.

Who is not a genius boy or girl?

As for Wang Ling...

Sun Rong thought of this. She couldn't help but look at him again.

The young man's peaceful face was as calm as ever. He had no intention of taking the people in Jiudaohe seriously.

It's obvious.

The boy in front of him could no longer be described with the word "genius".

Classmate Wang Ling...is always awesome!

...

Jiudaohe High School. Wang Ling, Sun Rong and Wang Ming, whose pseudonym is Wang Xiaoer.

The exchange student enrollment information of the three people was quickly entered into the temporary student registration management database of Jiudaohe High School after monk Jin Deng communicated with the principal of Jiudaohe.

This means.

Wang LingThree people have obtained temporary student status at Jiudaohe High School.

Become a member here.

News spreads quickly.

The Jiudaohe Student Union also attaches great importance to this matter.

"I didn't expect that what was supposed to come came anyway. That terrible woman back then..."

Jiudaohe Student Union Office. A very individual golden retriever boy holds his chin.

He sat in the president's seat with a serious look on his face.

His name is Akano Jisaki. People give him a nickname: Chairman Ji.

People who are familiar with him will also call him Ah Jiu directly.

It is not a dyed blond hair on purpose. It is a natural blond hair caused by the spiritual root properties in the body.

Many years ago, Akano Jisaki actually had a face-to-face interaction with Sun Rong.

At that time, he was beaten by Sun Rong in various aspects... He was completely defeated.

But what Akano Jisaki never expected was that the opportunity to avenge his shame would come right before his eyes.

He saw the information sent to the student union's backend database from the principal's office. After checking the information of Sun Rong, he couldn't help but feel relieved.

hehe!

Sun Rong...

You didn't expect that?

I am already a master in the early stages of Golden Core.

You are still a Foundation Building...

What are you going to fight me with?

The excitement in Akano Jisaki's heart is self-evident.

"Ah Jiu's wish for so many years is finally coming true."

At this time, a girl with short hair and freckles on her face said: "Speaking of which, wouldn't Ah Jiu find it strange?"

Her nickname is Ma Jiao. She is the vice president of the student union. She is also someone who is relatively close to Akano Jisaki.

"What's so strange?"

"Liangzi has been out for so long. Why would these people from Number 60 High School choose to come here at this time?"

Ma Jiao said: "The Jiugong family and Huaguo Shui Lian Group are competitors. The Jiugong family invested in the construction of our Jiudaohe. They are obviously competitors. It's amazing that Rong Jiang would choose to come here at this time. I feel like there's a conspiracy here."

"You think too much. They're all in Foundation Building. How can they have such a big idea."

Jisaki frowned.

That's what he said. But after hearing Ma Jiao's analysis, he thought it made sense.

When this impromptu meeting about the exchange students is over.

Akano Jisaki thought of his aunt at Jiugong's house.

The Sixth Mistress of the Jiugong family is the most favored wife of the Jiugong family. Jiugong Xinghui.

The phone's ringing.

Akano Jisaki's attitude was very humble. "Hello. Auntie?... Yes. I'm Akano Jisaki..."

"No... I didn't get cut today. Auntie's joking again..."

"It's like this, Auntie. I have three exchange students here. You might be interested..."

"Right, right... There's a Sun Rong and two other Wangs. One is called Wang Xiao Er. The other one. Wang Houlang..."

...

On the other side of the phone. Jiugong Xinghui's expression instantly darkened. Her voice was lowered: "Ah Jiu. Say it again."





Chapter 1507 Wang Houlang’s 0-Layer Cake


Akano Jisaki didn't expect that his always cold and calm aunt would have such a big reaction to the name "Wang Houlang".

I don't know if it's an illusion.

He even felt a bit of fear and uneasiness in his aunt's tone.

Probably not...

These are just students from Number 60 High School in Huaxiu.

A very weak rookie in the Foundation Building period.

How could my aunt be afraid of these Foundation Building people?

The name "Akino" is very powerful on Sun Island. And the "Zhai Xing Group" controlled by the Akano family is even more powerful and a feared force on the island.

So Akano Jisaki felt that he might have thought too much.

His aunt is so awesome. There is no need to be afraid. If you want to be afraid, others should be afraid of his aunt.

There was silence for a moment. Akano Jisaki heard Jiugong Xinghui's words.

"These people. You have to treat them well." Jiugong Xinghui said.

"Yes, Auntie. It's the same old story. Sinkhole, right?"

"Sink what hole? It means literally." Jiugong Xinghui explained.

"Huh? Do you really want me to treat them well?" Jisaki was a little upset.

The way things are now. Anything that goes wrong will alert the other side.

Jiugong Xinghui knew the temperament of Jisaki. The relationship between Jisaki and Ms. Sun back then.

There's a grudge.

There's a good chance he'll do something stupid on impulse.

That kind of behavior is like spooking a snake.

And it's not positive yet. If this Wang Houlang is the ghost called "Houlang".

Therefore, Jiugong Xinghui intends to find an opportunity to visit them in person.

A person. Or a ghost.

The smell is completely different.

She has a hair demon inside her body. She can easily tell the difference between humans and ghosts.

"I know the grudge between you and that Miss Sun. But now they are still guests of our Jiugong family. My foundation in the Jiugong family is not yet solid. If you take action, won't you make it difficult for me as an aunt?"

Jiugong Xinghui explained earnestly: "Listen to my aunt and you won't suffer. Sometimes what you see is only the second floor. And you only think of me as the first floor. But in fact I am on the fifth floor."

When you hear this, it sounds like an old Thousand Layer Cake.

Akano Jisaki was stunned immediately. He quickly scratched his golden hair stupidly and said, "My aunt is well-informed. You are right! Don't worry, aunt. I won't act rashly."

"very good."

Jiugong Xinghui nodded with satisfaction: "My aunt will reward you when you come back."

"Ah! Is that the reward..."

"You really miss Ah Zhen, right?" Jiugong Xinghui said calmly, "Don't worry. I'll let her crawl out of the TV to find you tonight."

"Really! Aunt!"

"It's true. And... you can do whatever you want."

The call was interrupted. Jiugong Xinghui frowned.

She is using a good "hair growth potion" to drip on the bald spot above her head.

This expensive hair growth potion is sold in "drops". One drop costs 100,000 yuan. It is of the type that has immediate effects. It can cause hair to grow instantly.

Jiugong Xinghui made a large bottle, wrapped it in a black envelope, and poured dozens of drops in a row.

The bald patch was still empty. Not a single hair on it.

Serious injury effect?

It was only at this time that she discovered that the bald part of her body could no longer grow back.

Pulling out hair can cause severe injuries...

Simply outrageous.

"It seems that recovery is impossible."

Jiugong Xinghui sighed. She tied her hair up again, making a nice bun, and then fixed it with a few beautiful hostas.

This is currently the only way to naturally block the bald spots on the top of your head without looking too fake.

After all, if you wear a wig, there is actually a risk of it blowing off in the wind.

In order to prevent the ghost named "Houlang" from attacking again, Jiugong Xinghui has moved all the smooth objects with mirror refraction effects out of the room.

Mirrors, various cosmetic bottles, glass lamps, etc. Wait a minute!

"Do you think that Wang Houlang is related to the ghost named Houlang?"

At this time, the voice of the devil came from Jiugong Xinghui's mind.

"It's just my sixth sense right now."

Jiugong Xinghui frowned and said: "I actually don't believe it. There can be such coincidences in the world. It's just whether it is true or not. Just take a look and you will know..."

"If he is a ghost, I can tell it at a glance." The demon said confidently.

"Just to be on the safe side, just take a look from a distance."

At this moment, Jiugong Xinghui's eyes dimmed.

A woman's sixth sense has always been a very scary thing.

She hoped it was just a coincidence.

If that Wang Houlang is a ghost, it would be too scary.

"Why don't you find someone to test it first?"

"Are you talking about the girl in Jiudaohe?"

Jiugong Xinghui thought for a moment and nodded: "That's fine."

The girl that One Person and One Ghost talks about is actually an extremely autistic girl who suffered from school violence. She is not a complete ghost.

But in the eyes of the demon spirit, this girl is extremely talented.

It has the potential to develop into a top-notch ghost in the future...

The name Wang Houlang was obviously changed later. Jiugong Xinghui judged that this should be Yingxian Heming's idea.

The xenophobia in Jiudaohe is very serious. Change the name. Give me a slightly more localized title. Maybe it will be easier to integrate into study life quickly.

No matter what the background of the other side is.

Regardless of whether the other side plans to live in the internal mansion arranged by the Jiugong family.

It is also the student dormitory inside Jiudaohe High School.

As long as they come to this Sun Island, Jiugong Xinghui thinks that this group of people is like pieces of meat sandwiched in a thousand-layer cake...

Sun Rong is also good.

Wang Houlang...

No matter which floor you are on, you can't escape.

...

Number 60 High School and others are distinguished guests from afar. Originally, according to Jiudaohe's regulations, a warm welcome ceremony would be held specially.

This welcome ceremony was organized by Jiudaohe's Student Union.

Akano Jisaki originally planned to take advantage of this welcome ceremony to meet Sun Rong.

But what Jisaki never expected was that Miss Sun, who always likes to stand out and attract attention, actually took the initiative to ask the upper leadership of Jiudaohe High School to simplify all ceremonies.

He felt that Sun Rong seemed to have changed a bit.

I don’t know why I started to become more low-key.

In fact, this is entirely a choice made from the perspective of Wang Ling.

A new school, a new environment, and all kinds of new classmates...

Sun Rong finds Wang Ling difficult to accept for a while.

On the way to Jiudaohe High School, the car was silent.

Wang Ming and Sun Rong are communicating via text messages.

"I didn't expect Miss Rong to choose to do this." Wang Ming sent a message.

"If we keep it simple, it may make classmate Wang Ling feel more comfortable. As for me, it doesn't matter. And recently, I discovered that being low-key also has the benefits of being low-key." Sun Rong replied with a smile.

and...

She discovered.

I seem to like Wang Ling more than I imagined...





Chapter 1508 Maintenance of Sun Rong


The autistic girl who was regarded as a "potential" ghost by Jiugong Xinghui and the demons.

It is Noko Ohira, a current student at Jiudaohe High School.

The area of Sun Island is not too big. But if you want to assemble your own "hundred thousand evil soldiers" on the island to capture ghosts just by ordinary methods, it will definitely not work.

So after Jiugong Xinghui cooperated with the devil.

I will also identify many "potential stocks" among human beings like this.

Many people may be forced by the environment, or may be due to family or work reasons...

After being deprived of care, suffering ostracism and all kinds of mental violence, they gradually formed an "antisocial personality" in their hearts.

And this kind of personality is exactly what Jiugong Xinghui and the devil need.

Because humans with this type of personality tend to be more likely to go dark.

And because of his own strong resentment, he formed a strong "revenge mentality" after his death.

However, there are many factors that can cause ghosts to form. It does not mean that a person with strong resentment will definitely become a ghost.

Strong resentment will only cause the soul to stay in the world for a while after death.

Jiugong Xinghui and the demon spirit took a fancy to this and formulated the plan of "artificial ghost".

They also have this ability.

Turn these "chosen children" into the ghosts they want.

And then be driven by them.

As for the transformation methods, there are two ways.

One is to wait for these "potential stocks" to die and then harvest them.

And the other way is to forcibly turn them into ghosts while they are still in human form.

In comparison, the intensity of the ghosts formed by taking the second coercive measure is actually not as strong as the first.

But now. To test Wang Ling.

Jiugong Xinghui felt it was necessary to do that.

Her "potential stocks" that are being cultivated are spread throughout the Sun Island.

It's not just Noko Ohira.

"Are you ready?" At this time, Jiugong Xinghui closed his eyes.

"Everything is ready."

"Okay. Get upper body."

After skillfully switching his body, Jiugong Xinghui returned control of his body to the demon spirit.

With the mysterious eyes gradually turning pink.

In Jiugong Xinghui's braided hair, there is a hair that seems to be given vitality. It flies towards the sky...

Forced ghost.

You can also use the ultra-long range of the monster to achieve remote operation.

...

Tuesday, December 15th at 10am.

Wang Ling A group of people officially enrolled in Class S of Jiudaohe High School.

This is the class system within Jiudaohe High School. It is similar to the operating model of Number 60 High School’s ordinary classes and elite classes. It is also called the top class class.

The characteristic is that the number of students is small, but the quality of the students is very high. Even the teachers are specially hired.

Except for these few students in Class S, I will not devote my time to teaching other classes.

This is different from Number 60 High School.

For example, Teacher Pan. Although she is the teacher of the elite class, she also teaches children in other classes.

The essence of class grading is to better integrate students at all stages.

Rather than seeking special treatment or differentiation.

Students of the same level take classes and take exams together. The pressure will not be too great.

In a relaxed environment, students can absorb knowledge better.

What Jiudaohe High School does is like giving preferential treatment to a group of aristocratic students...

Although there were few people, Wang Ling still felt a sense of discomfort.

Wang Ling found out. I don’t know when. He started to get used to the teaching at Number 60 High School.

The most important thing is actually the recognition of Principal Chen’s educational philosophy.

In Wang Ling's view, a "strength-oriented classroom grading system" like Jiudaohe's is not desirable... and such an environment is also the most prone to school violence.

In order to allow new students to adapt to the school environment as quickly as possible.

After Jin Deng's communication, Jiudaohe arranged the seating position for Wang Ling. It is the same as Number 60 High School.

The second to last row by the window.

Wang Ling listened with some boredom to the lecture on the cultivation course of Jiudaohe High School.

This class is about the topic of "spiritual power output".

For Wang Ling, this is by no means new knowledge.

I don’t know if Jiudaohe arranged this course on purpose. During this class session, everyone was given an energy ball with a numerical test of spiritual power output.

Including Wang Ling and others. A total of fifteen students.

When the energy ball is sent to everyone's hands.

The local Jiudaohe students in the class almost immediately turned their attention to the three people Wang Ling.

"Houlang Sang. I heard that you are all outstanding students at Number 60 High School?"

Sitting in the front seat of Wang Ling is a student with an elite look on his face. He is thin and always likes to poke his glasses frames with his middle finger. He is looking back at Wang Ling, with the corners of his lips raised slightly.

He was wearing a suit specially made by Jiudaohe. He had an air of nobility all over his body.

Compare it to Number 60 High School's blue sportswear with the word "Jing" written on it. It seems particularly gorgeous.

In the eyes of Wang Ling, the boy in front of him is like a gorgeous and noble Kongque. He has an arrogant attitude.

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ling carefully held the energy ball. The thing was like a hot potato in his hand. Wang Ling was a little at a loss.

If this happens accidentally and it explodes, I'm afraid I'll have to pay for it, right?

He also wants to leave funds for Ah Nuan to buy gifts...

But if you don't pay attention and increase the output, I'm afraid it will explode on the spot...

And this energy ball is made of a special crystal.

If it explodes here, the flying crystal slag will hurt innocent people...

So. Wang Ling stared at the energy ball in his hand. He was struggling in his heart.

As a result, the Kongque man in front of me smiled again and said, "Houlang Sang. You look nervous?"

Wang Ling: "..."

"Don't be so nervous. When you come here, it's just like coming to your own home. Oh, by the way. I forgot. After talking for so long, do you not understand our native language at all?" Kongque said. It seems to be comforting. In fact, it is sarcastic.

We are preparing to switch to Mandarin mode to communicate with Wang Ling.

On the edge. Sun Rong couldn't stand it anymore: "I didn't expect that the local education in Sun Island is of such a standard. It's really disappointing."

Very standard Sun Island language.

It immediately attracted the attention of everyone in Class S.

"What do you mean?" Kongque refused. He was shocked by Sun Rong's fluent Mandarin.

"Classmate Wang Ling...oh no. It's Houlang Sang. His strength is actually always above mine." Sun Rong continued.

"But I heard that Houlang Sang is just the mascot in your school."

The Kongque man spread his hands. He looked at Sun Rong and smiled and said, "You have to know that anyone in Class S has the ability to crush this energy ball in front of them with their own spiritual energy."

"Really?"

Sun Rong was smiling. But his smile was hiding a hidden meaning: "Then... I can do it alone..."

As she spoke, she stretched out her hand and gently tapped the energy ball in front of the table.

Buzz!

A blue ripple spread from her fingertips.

Bang bang bang bang bang bang bang...

A series of sounds of glass exploding were heard from Class S.

The local students at Jiudaohe High School were all stunned.

They never expected that the girl was so powerful. She shattered all the energy balls with just her own strength!

Wang Ming folded his arms and watched the show alone.

He was actually a little touched.

There are not many girls these days who can be so considerate of others...

...





Chapter 1509 A simple and unpretentious little romance


Jiudaohe High School's S-level class. The average strength peaked in the later stages of the Foundation Building.

Among the twelve students, excluding Wang Ling, three have already entered the Golden Core realm in their first year of high school.

This overall combat strength level is indeed above the level of Number 60 High School.

Of course. The above mentioned...actually excludes Wang Ling, Sun Rong, Zhenyuan, Gu Shunzhi, Fang Xing, Wang Zhen, Liu Qingyi and other core members of the Office of Strategic Deception. above the "level".

If we include the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception who infiltrated Number 60 High School.

I'm afraid Number 60 High School is a freshman class. It is ranked first in the world.

The combat power of all the high school schools in the world, even if it were to circle the earth three times, might not be worth one billionth of the combat power of Number 60 High SchoolWang Ling's elite class.

It sounds like an exaggeration.

But that's the truth.

Wang Ling actually didn't expect that when he was so entangled, Sun Rong would choose this time to take action.

Although what he said seemed a bit hateful.

But it did solve his urgent need.

He was in the first row and column of the classroom. Akano Jisaki looked at the fragments of the energy ball in his hand. His heart couldn't calm down for a long time.

Obviously. If it is just an ordinary Foundation Building period.

It is absolutely impossible to shatter the energy balls of the entire class with just the psychic energy waves that he releases.

Even Jisaki himself cannot do this.

Sure enough...this terrible woman is still as difficult as before!

As for the "late Foundation Building period" shown on the student status information, it must be an illusion...

He judged that Sun Rong's combat power was at least at the late Golden Core level.

A freshman in high school.

To be able to reach the situation of the late Golden Core...

Jisaki felt scared and panicked.

Fortunately, he listened to his aunt Jiugong Xinghui and did not attack the eldest lady directly.

This woman is really scary.

He thought that after working hard and practicing hard for so many years, he could finally get away from this terrible woman.

However, it turned out that no matter what efforts he made.

Still hard to come by.

In fact, regardless of combat power.

Sun Rong's combat power is not inferior to that of Jisaki.

Although the girl's strength is still at the peak of the later stage of Foundation Building, this is actually the result of Sun Rong's forcibly suppressed realm after many times of "cleaning reagents".

If a cultivator wants to improve his realm, the concentration of spiritual roots in his body needs to reach a certain level before he can break through.

The so-called "scouring reagent" is actually a concentration diluent.

Able to develop a person's potential to the greatest extent.

If you are promoted when your potential is fully developed, you will be able to go further in the future.

Therefore, according to the normal progress of cultivation, Sun Rong will be able to break through the Golden Core a long time ago.

Therefore, from the beginning, the girl did not take this group of arrogant and conceited people in Jiudaohe seriously.

Her eyes were always careful and cautious.

I'm afraid these people are deliberately looking for trouble with Wang Ling.

It's not because I'm afraid of Wang Ling...

The main concern is that the lives of those who are looking for trouble may be in danger.

How convenient it is to find fault.

If you look for it, you will die. Isn’t it a loss of blood?

...

It was time for lunch. Wang Ling The group followed to Jiudaohe’s canteen.

Just like the classroom, Jiudaohe’s cafeteria also adopts a grading system.

And the class division is very obvious.

The lowest class is Class D. The divided dining area is made of cold wooden seats. It looks a bit hard.

Class C's treatment is better. There is a small soft cushion made of silicone on the wooden seat.

Class B's leather chair. Class A's boss chair...of course. The one with the best treatment is the fully automatic massage sofa seat of Class S.

Wang Ling was secretly surprised by such a distinction.

Fortunately, Sun Rong is in charge of everything.

Wang Ling felt that the girl was like a Valkyrie protecting her calf at this moment. She was on the strongest side and her aura was amazing.

Many people were afraid to approach for a while...

Both Wang Ming and Wang Ling discovered it.

This seems to be another "Sun Rong field".

"It actually has the function of adapting to local conditions?" Wang Ming smiled inwardly.

He could see that the "Sun Rong domain" power in the girl had such abilities.

It will switch to different modes depending on the environment.

For example, in a low-risk area like Number 59 High School. "Sun Rong Area" takes a people-friendly route. It can make all nearby people involuntarily and slowly turn into "fans"...

After all, Number 59 High School is still in the country.

It's true that the students of Number 59 High School don't study together normally. But once it comes to some competition, they can always meet up with each other.

Therefore, running the "Sun Rong field" of "people-friendly line" is actually an act of paving the way for oneself.

But the situation in Jiudaohe is different from that in Number 59 High School.

This is a foreign country. And they are here as exchange students. I am afraid it will be difficult for them to have a chance to meet each other in the future.

So there is no need to take the "people-friendly" route.

Of course. The most important thing is actually what Sun Rong thinks. From the moment Wang Ling entered Jiudaohe High School, the girls in Jiudaohe have been taking a peek at Wang Ling...

This made the girl instinctively feel unhappy.

And immediately regarded Jiudaohe as a "hostile and dangerous area."

And since it is a dangerous area, the "people-friendly route" of "Sun Rong area" was instantly switched to the "aura suppression route"...

She was holding the dinner plate. One person was at the front. All the eyes looking at her were obviously filled with fear.

"Pretty girls in adolescence are really scary..." Wang Ming followed behind. He couldn't help but smile bitterly in his heart and grunted.

This was also the first time he saw Sun Rong look like someone owed her hundreds of millions.

This calf guard is a bit too obvious...

But it doesn’t matter anymore.

Because he saw the expression on Wang Ling's face. It was much calmer than he imagined.

Wang Ming knows too much.

Originally, in a completely unfamiliar environment abroad, his little brother Wang Ling would have felt various discomforts.

This can be regarded as a kind of "social phobia" accumulated in childhood.

Every time after arriving in a new environment, my face would turn pale for a long time before I could recover.

Wang Ming remembers the most painful time. It was when he was in junior high school.

Because of the new environment. Wang Ling turned pale...

It actually caused many girls in the upper grades of the junior high school to fall in love with him.

It is said that among the new students in this class, there is a cute little boy with a face as white as jade...

God’s face is as white as jade!

Look at how those wolves and tigers scared the children...

This kind of "social phobia" was relieved a lot after Wang Ling entered Number 60 High School.

Now Wang Ling is not as serious as before.

But sometimes there are too many strangers around me, and I still feel a little uncomfortable.

Therefore. In Wang Ming.

Wang Ling's calmness now is all thanks to Sun Rong.

Under the leadership of Sun Rong, the three of them found a seat near the corner. Wang Ling sat directly on the innermost sofa.

Wang Ming, on the other hand, sat directly next to Wang Ling.

Eh...

Zhai Yin cooperated tacitly and sat directly opposite Wang Ming.

The two of them sat like that on purpose.

Because this way.

Sun Rong can only sit across from Wang Ling...

Adolescent boys and girls eating together face to face. It is also a simple and simple little romance...





Chapter 1510 Why did you provoke him?


So, during the meal, Sun Rong had a clear feeling that he was being arranged.

A secret corner. Surrounded by familiar people. This sense of security has undoubtedly alleviated Wang Ling's "social phobia" a lot.

The food at Jiudaohe High School is excellent. It's all cultivator food.

In order to ensure the nutrition of every student, so in Jiudaohe High School, the only issue is food, which is the same for everyone.

There is no issue of differential treatment.

The main ingredient of today’s lunch is black rubber beef cubes. It is said that the beef is spiritual cattle raised in the pasture behind Jiudaohe High School.

He grew up eating specially prepared feed. The meat is delicious.

Wang Ling I have never seen a school set up several farms to provide itself with food sources for its own lunch...

It is indeed one of the most famous schools on Sun Island!

Wang Ling was drinking fish soup. He was not feeling very emotional.

He didn't know where he was. It was actually Akano Jisaki's seat.

pity...

Because Jiugong Xinghui greeted Jisaki in advance and told him not to act rashly.

Akano Jisaki had no choice but to sit on the other side holding in his anger. He chewed the beef cubes in his mouth with an aggrieved look on his face.

It's like chewing the flesh of Wang Ling.

He knew that his mentality was abnormal.

Logically speaking, those who have come from afar are considered guests. Anyway, Number 60 High School's group is only here for a few days... He really can't be angry.

As a student council president, he should show his tolerance and magnanimity.

But I don't know why.

After Jisaki noticed that Sun Rong's eyes were always on the pretty boy named Wang Houlang.

The breath in his heart was like old blood scab clogged in the cardiovascular system. Jisaki found it increasingly difficult to breathe.

"Brother Ji, if you really like Rong Jiang so much, then find a chance to express your love as soon as possible. It's only a few days anyway." At this time, the Kongque man who had targeted Wang Ling in class suddenly suddenly He spoke.

Jisaki suddenly became incoherent: "Who...who likes her! How could I...like that...terrible woman..."

He said that, but the expression on his face completely betrayed him.

The burning face was like the medium-rare beef cubes being flipped on the dinner plate. It showed a fresh red color.

"It's so obvious. President."

At this time, the short-haired vice president of the student union codenamed "Ma Jiao" spoke.

Jisaki: "..."

She enjoyed the food on the plate with a blank expression. Youyou said: "Since you like it so much, you should seize the opportunity to take action. Do you want me to prepare the drug and the room key?"

"Your idea is very dangerous...I am a gentleman!" Jisaki's mouth twitched.

He always felt that the vice president "Ma Jiao" around him was a scheming woman.

This guy can always say some terrible things calmly...

I'm afraid he's the kind of person in the legend who is always black when cut open.

But to be honest, in a few words between Kongque Nan and Ma Jiao, Jisaki's real troubles were revealed.

He originally thought that his attitude towards Sun Rong should be "fear".

It was precisely because of "fear" that he tried desperately to work hard.

Practicing day and night every day, learning various theoretical knowledge of cultivation...

The purpose is to appear in front of the girl with a better attitude when we meet next time.

What Jisaki didn't expect was that the "fear" he understood was actually "like".

"So. Is this what it feels like to like..."

Jisaki's face was slightly red. He sighed inwardly.

Looking in the direction of Sun Rong, while holding his face, he used the knife and fork in his hand to play with the dices of beef on the dinner plate.

But now he suddenly realized why he disliked that classmate "Wang Houlang" so much.

It turns out. It was all because of jealousy.

"Can you guys do me a favor?"

At this time, Jisaki looked at Kongque and Ma Jiao beside him and asked.

"Have you finally made up your mind? President."

Ma Jiao sneered: "I still have a lot of medicine there."

"I told you. I don't want you to be drugged. Can your thoughts be normal? Don't be so dark..." Jisaki was speechless.

"It's not medicine. What else could it be?" Ma Jiao sighed.

"Speaking of which, where did you get so many medicines?" Even Kongque was a little curious now.

"It was all in the past. Someone else gave it to me. They wanted to sleep with me. Then I found the medicine bottle and I confiscated it."

Ma Jiao said calmly: "So I received a lot of strange medicines. There are all kinds of medicines."

"Sleep with you..." Both Jisaki and Kongque were shocked.

They are relatively familiar with Ma Jiao, so they don't have such thoughts.

But in fact, Ma Jiao's facial features are indeed exquisite. The freckles on her face are actually harmless. They only need to be covered with simple makeup. That is a standard beauty.

To put it simply, Ma Jiao after makeup is indeed the cute and cute type.

If it weren't for knowing that Ma Jiao is black when cut, he looks cute but is extremely sinister on the inside.

Jisaki and Kongque can't guarantee that they won't have such evil thoughts.

"Isn't it strange? I look pretty cute, right?" Ma Jiaohehe.

"eh..." Jisaki said noncommittally: "So. What happened to those people who wanted to sleep with you?"

Ma Jiao thought for a moment and concluded: "I slept with the good-looking ones. I had them sterilized by the unsightly ones."

"..."

After listening to this, Jisaki and Kongque suddenly felt that they were not well.

End of topic.

Jisaki quickly put forward his request: "Can you think of a way to take that Houlang Sang away from me? I want to have dinner with the Sun Rong girl..."

In fact, he really has no other ill intentions.

I just want to have a meal with Sun Rong.

Although out of jealousy, his attitude towards Wang Ling is somewhat unfriendly.

But Jisaki actually has no intention of hurting anyone.

On the one hand, he has now clarified his emotional attitude towards Sun Rong.

On the other hand, it was also because of Jiugong Xinghui's previous communication with him that Jisaki would not act rashly.

"Are you going to go away?" Kongque man frowned: "It's not easy to go away from that location. There are people blocking it outside. I think it's better to take some medicine. I think laxatives will do."

Ma Jiao thought for a moment and said, "Isn't the laxative too light? Wouldn't it be better to have direct food poisoning? Let them lie in the hospital for a few days."

Jisaki was frightened when he heard this. He wiped the sweat from his face: "By the way, can you use a more normal method?"

Is it a normal way...

This guy is so troublesome.

Ma Jiao thought to herself. She couldn't help but sigh: "Then I have no choice but to use that one..."

Kongque Man immediately understood what Ma Jiao said: "What are you talking about?"

Ma Jiao: "Yes. That's the one."

Jisaki: "???"

So which one is this?!

Ma Jiao: "President, I still remember whether the principal of our school summoned an internet celebrity scientist a while ago."

"Oh...you said that master named Shou Chong..." Jisaki remembered.

"That's right." Ma Jiao nodded: "Actually, Master Shou Chong specially arranged a gift for our student union before he left. He renovated all the electric massage sofas in the cafeteria."

"Why didn't I know..." Jisaki was surprised.

"The president is busy with official duties. Is it necessary to know this kind of thing?"

Ma Jiao sneered: "It's just a gift left by Master Shou Chong. I haven't found a suitable opportunity to experiment with it yet."

"It won't be very dangerous..."

"No." Ma Jiao said calmly: "It is said that the renovated massage sofa has the ability to prevent seat overlording."

"..."

"President, don't worry. I just modified the massage head and the power adjustment function. The massager on the sofa will start automatically later. Houlang Sang is a Foundation Building period. He will definitely not be able to withstand that kind of intensity... As long as he gets up, it will be long." Won't the opportunity come?"

At first glance, there doesn't seem to be anything wrong with this method.

At least it is much more reliable than unilateral poisoning.

However, because there has not been any specific experiment in modifying the massage chair before, so what is the specific effect?

No one here can tell clearly.

Well, let’s try it first.

So Jisaki nodded and agreed to the plan proposed by Ma Jiao.

...

On the other side, Wang Ling was sitting and resting. Suddenly, he felt the massage sofa under him suddenly start.

Without any warning, the massage sofa began to fall backwards.

Wang Ming vaguely seemed to hear the sound of an electric drill coming from the massage sofa.

But this sound is very subtle.

If the distance is further away, it will actually be difficult to hear clearly.

"Did someone do anything?" Wang Ming instantly guessed what was going on.

He used his brain waves to search the entire cafeteria.

By capturing the micro-expressions on each person's face, Wang Ming can easily determine who did it.

And soon, he directly locked onto the Jisaki trio over there.

Although the eyes of these three people did not directly touch this place.

But it is still difficult to escape Wang Ming's gaze.

"How dare you attack Lingzi? These three little guys are quite courageous." The corners of Wang Ming's lips raised slightly.

High school students are still high school students after all. This method of secretly stumbling upon Wang Ming actually seems a bit childish.

And from a technical perspective.

Wang Ming judged that these modified sofa and massage chairs were probably not made by the three people from Jisaki.

After using the mechanical eye part of "Wang Ling Number 3" to scan the massage chair.

From the perspective of the interior configuration structure and design ideas of the massage chair.

Wang Ming feels that it is a bit of the work of the internet celebrity scientist "Shou Chong".

The analysis was as fierce as a tiger. Wang Ming originally wanted to fight back. However, he felt that Wang Ling did not feel any discomfort, so he was not in a hurry to take action.

"How's it going? Ling Ling? Is there anything you can't lose?" Wang Ming asked softly.

"No."Wang Ling closed his eyes and said through the message.

For the massage sofa that suddenly started running.

Although Wang Ling was surprised inside, the expression on his face was still very calm.

A special massage sofa modified by Master Shou Chong. The massage heads have been changed to an electric drill style design.

Moreover, the massage intensity has been greatly enhanced on the original basis.

Under the Nascent Soul stage, the number of people who can lie down on this modified massage sofa for more than 10 seconds is very limited.

On the other side, Jisaki was even ready for Wang Ling to get up on his own initiative.

But I don't know why.

He observed this scene from a distance.

It always feels like Wang Ling is enjoying it...

"Is this okay? How do I feel? Houlang Sang has a comfortable expression on his face." Jisaki's eyes twitched.

And Ma Jiao doesn't quite understand this situation: "It shouldn't be like this... It's already the maximum strength. According to Master Shou Chong, with such strength, the Foundation Building period can't stand up in just a few seconds. ."

Wang Ling is indeed enjoying it.

Although the effect of this massage sofa actually looks average to Wang Ling, it feels just right...

After all, there are not many massage sofas these days that can make Wang Ling feel good.

Because Wang Ling is quite strenuous. Ordinary mechanical massage equipment has almost no feeling for Wang Ling.

It's Shou Chong's picture. It makes Wang Ling feel a little bit more of the massage head's presence.

The force is very small. But at least it can relax the muscles...

Wang Ling knows. Someone is taking action against him.

But this method is considered polite.

So he was not unhappy.

I just closed my eyes and lay on the massage sofa for a while.

Half an hour later, I saw a group of people from Number 60 High School leaving.

Jisaki immediately looked scratching his head: "How could this happen! Didn't you say this massage chair is very powerful!"

"I don't know either. But Master Shou Chong did say that."

Ma Jiao was innocent: "If you don't believe it, just try it and you will know."

"Just try it!"

Jisaki walked over angrily and lay down on the spot where Wang Ling was lying just now.

Three seconds later, screams came...

"Ahh..."

Jisaki jumped up from the massage sofa with a painful look on his face.

Then face to the ground.

The whole person fell heavily to the ground with a "plop".

The moment the massage head came into contact with his body.

The severe pain is hard to describe in words...

It's like there are 100,000 electric drills on the back. Crazy use of the electro-optical poison dragon drill to urge the unscrupulous operator named Ku Xuan to code...

Later, Jisaki was carried into the infirmary by Ma Jiao and Kongque with his butt sticking out.

Preliminary examination results are: waist muscle sprain and slight bone fracture...

For a cultivator, it's not a particularly serious injury. But if he lay there for a few more seconds, Jisaki felt like he was going to die.

"Does it hurt so much? That Houlang Sang actually held on. It's incredible." Ma Jiao sighed: "It seems that this massage sofa is really strong. Speaking of Kongque, do you want to try it too?"

"No, no, no..." Kongque was still frightened.

Thanks to Jisaki's personal experience.

He understood how powerful the modified massage sofa was.

This is probably what is legendary.

Try and die...

Jisaki is like this in the early stage of a Golden Core. He just lays down on it in the Foundation Building stage. But he can't just burst into orange blossoms.

...

That night. Wang Ling and the group originally planned to return to the mansion arranged by the Jiugong family.

However, Jiudaohe High School organized a welcome party. Under the strong suggestion of Yingxian Heming, they settled in the school building arranged by Jiudaohe High School.

Welcome party. Such an occasion is not suitable for Wang Ling. Wang Ling chooses to stay alone in the dormitory.

Anyway, there are three of them. As long as Sun Rong and Wang Ming attend as representatives.

Wang Ling is originally optional.

"Don't worry, classmate Wang Ling, just leave this matter to me and second brother. Remember to close the doors and windows, and if any other girls harass you, remember to tell me!" Before leaving, Sun Rong said to him.

Wang Ming watched from a distance, holding back a smile.

No matter how you look at it, you feel like the couple are saying goodbye...

But regarding the question of whether Wang Ling will be disturbed by other girls.

In fact, Sun Rong has already made arrangements.

Because it is located opposite the girls' dormitory building. Zhai Yin's dormitory window is facing the door of Wang Ling's dormitory.

If a sneaky girl passes by the door of Wang Ling's room.

Zhai Yin will notice it immediately.

But to be honest, she felt Sun Rong was thinking too much.

Even if a girl comes to look for Wang Ling...

With the determination of Wang Ling, it is absolutely impossible to make such a mistake.

For a frigid, ascetic straight man who wants to play tricks on this.

The success rate is 0%...

...

At about seven o'clock in the evening, when Wang Ling opened his eyes, he found a figure appearing in front of him.

The visitor was none other than Monk Jin Deng.

He didn't come in through the front door. He appeared directly in front of Wang Ling by Wang Ling.

"Met Ling Zhenren."

Monk Jin Deng clasped his hands together. He was wearing the uniform of Number 60 High School. He still looked as funny as before: "Zhenren must have noticed that there are half-ghosts in this school..."

"Yeah." Wang Ling nodded.

What the monk calls "half-ghost" is actually a professional term.

What it means is that it is not a complete "ghost". It has not completely turned into a ghost, but it has the possibility of transforming into a ghost.

From the very beginning when I entered Jiudaohe High School.

Wang Ling and Monk Jin Deng were keenly aware of the unusual features of Jiudaohe High School...

Because the relationship with "Jiugong Xinghui" has been tested before.

Wang Ling already has a general understanding of Jiugong Xinghui and the operating mode of the demon inside him.

The opponent uses hair manipulation to control ghosts remotely.

Such ability is very terrifying.

And almost every strand of hair is bound to a ghost.

But where did such a large number of ghosts come from?

Wang Ling was also thinking about this issue at that time.

Now. The answer to the question is found by Wang Ling.

It would be easy to cultivate ghosts through these half-ghosts...

Throughout Jiudaohe High School, due to strong xenophobia, academic pressure and campus violence, there are many students who have become mentally distorted.

Some of these students have already become "half-ghosts" and some are about to become "half-ghosts"...

These are all potential stocks to become ghosts.

Therefore. For Jiugong Xinghui and the demon spirits.

The entire Jiudaohe High School is their "ghost breeding ground."

After discovering this secret.

The first thing Monk Jin Deng did was to come to Wang Ling for discussion.

He did not act rashly directly.

"I originally wanted to directly use {Righteous Buddha's Light} to rescue those students who have not yet become ghosts. However, doing so may alert the snake." Monk Jin Deng said.

By doing this, they can indeed save many students.

But in fact, this is also helping Jiugong Xinghui destroy evidence.

Wang Ling has the ability to make Jiugong Xinghui's plans fail.

But such an anti-human villain.

If you fail to get exposure in the end. Accept everyone's scorn and sanctions...

This makes Wang Ling always feel uncomfortable.

Of course...

For such a villain, even if Wang Ling crushes him to death like an ant, I'm afraid no one will feel sorry for her.

However, if possible, Wang Ling still hopes that the evil deeds done by Jiugong Xinghui and the Zhai Xing Group behind him can be exposed to the world.

Instead of using his endless energy to suppress it single-handedly...

Because then.

People will never learn to reflect. In the end they can only go backwards.

There are many ways to be a hero.

Six years ago, Zhuo Yi. He knew he was outmatched but still raised his sword. The warrior who charged towards the demon king like a god of war...

And like Zhuo Yi, who rush towards the strongest "rebels" without hesitation, they still exist in this world, but there are not a few of them.

In this situation. Wang Ling feels that it is more important to collect criminal evidence about Jiugong Xinghui.

This is actually not difficult.

You just need to wait for the right time to reverse the operation.

There are so many "half-ghosts" in Jiudaohe High School.

Since Jiugong Xinghui regards this place as his "ghost breeding farm", there must be a way to force these half-ghosts into real ghosts.

So what Wang Ling has to do is simple.

Since you've turned people into ghosts, wouldn't it be better for him to go and turn them back when the time comes?

For Wang Ling.

This process is just like mathematics.

From the great to the simple. To put it bluntly, it is nothing more than mathematical formulas in the end.

Since it is a formula, it can be reversed.

After a brief communication via voice transmission, the monk completely understood Wang Ling's thoughts: "I fully support Ling Zhenren's decision."

For a monk, it is always right to follow Wang Ling.

Although since the moment he entered the island, the monk has always had the idea of spreading "the light of the right path" to the entire Sun Island...

It can only be said that the story of Jiugong Xinghui recruiting "one hundred thousand shady soldiers" is too exaggerated.

As an accomplished monk, he is the most holy person in Buddhism.

As soon as Monk Jin Deng entered Sun Island, he felt that the island was full of ghosts...

If it weren't for his stronger self-control now, the monk would no longer be able to recognize his move.

People in Buddhism have a mysophobia. The most taboo thing is seeing such dirty things floating in front of their eyes.

On the other hand, Wang Ling is so calm.

Monk Jin Deng suddenly felt the gap in concentration between himself and Wang Ling.

"As expected of Ling Zhenren. He is so calm..."

After the exchange, the monk was filled with emotion. He felt that he still had a lot to learn from Wang Ling.

Now since there is no need for him to take action.

Then. Just follow what Wang Ling means and stay put.

The monk has nothing else to do.

I could only shrink back to the staff dormitory arranged for me by Jiudaohe High School. I hid and silently solved the function questions...

Knowledge is power.

The charm of functions. How can ordinary people understand it?

...

Forced ghosts...

Thinking of what I just discussed with Monk Jin Deng.

Wang Ling felt a little funny.

He probably knows Jiugong Xinghui's methods.

There are many "half-ghosts" here.

He judged that Jiugong Xinghui used hair to remotely control these potential "half-ghosts". He forced the half-ghosts to become ghosts...

It is mainly determined by the "negative energy" emitted by the "half-ghost".

So...

What would happen if I absorbed all the negative energy here?

He admitted. It seemed a bit fishy.

But. As long as it works.

Then. Wang Ling closed his eyes slightly.

For a time, countless resentful voices poured into his mind.

"Ah! This question is so difficult! I can't do it!"

"Damn it. Why are there so many homeworks today? Why do I feel like I can't finish them all! It seems I have to get up early tomorrow to copy my homework! But if I copy my homework, what will I do in the exam?"

"No... I can't watch it anymore... This is definitely the last one. Keep reading. I'm going to suffer from kidney failure at a young age..."

"I didn't bully Yezi because I liked her... She is obviously that kind of person. I don't want to apologize to her..."

"The little bitch next door is having sex again. She obviously has a boyfriend but she still dresses so ostentatiously."

"Hey. I failed the test again. I'm still two points short of a perfect score. If I don't get a perfect score, my life will be ruined."

"This damn Ku Xuan. Updates are so slow every day. Why don't he have any self-awareness? He is obviously a maternal solo author. What kind of love story is he writing? Fight for me! I want to see Wang Ling pretend So hot!"

"..."

Sounds like this. There are many, many more...

Today's teenagers are under great pressure to study. Various mental imbalances are also very common.

Especially before the college entrance examination. The last straw for a teenager. It may be just a paper, an insignificant-sounding sentence, or just a hurtful word...

Therefore, almost all schools have psychological teachers responsible for psychological counseling, who are ready to regulate children's psychological problems at any time.

He condensed all the resentment of the teenagers in the air around him.

Full of negative energy, it turned into a black ball the size of a basketball and sat in the palm of Wang Ling.

Wang Ling uses these collected negative energies as bait.

After waiting for a while, I felt a sudden sound of a foreign object breaking through the air behind me...

"Sure enough, it's here."

Wang Ling felt calm.

He quickly crushed the negative energy ball in his hand and then quickly grabbed the hair that was trying to reach his forehead...

...

On the other side. The moment Jiugong Xinghui's hair was grabbed by Wang Ling again.

That familiar feeling comes back again...

The demon spirit and Jiugong Xinghui were frightened at the same time.

This!

This familiar smell...

This familiar technique...

Just for a moment. That suffocating feeling came over again.

Jiugong Xinghui was frightened and couldn't help but take a deep breath.

She did not believe that Wang Houlang was the ghost named "Houlang".

But now, facing the direct showdown of Wang Ling, Jiugong Xinghui suddenly became a little overwhelmed.

Jiugong Xinghui: "He's so good. Why did you mess with him!"

The Demon Spirit was aggrieved: "I started out aiming for the Ohinoko child... Suddenly, I felt a huge amount of negative energy coalescing inside the Jiudao and its interior. The hair was automatically attracted to it."

It's obvious. This is a trap.

But out of fear of having my hair pulled out one after another in the morning. Fortunately, this time the demon was well prepared.

Her response was very quick.

After judging that his hair was grabbed, he immediately used the technique of "gecko tail cutting" and automatically gave up that hair.

Eh?

Is this scary?

Wang Ling finds it a bit funny.

He lifted the gradually whitening hair from his fingers like dust.

The demon thought he had escaped successfully.

But in fact. Just at the moment when Wang Ling grabbed that hair.

Wang Ling has locked the frequency of the demon's psychic signal.

His fishing technique just now was designed to target the demon spirits.

And now.

As long as it is within the confines of Jiudaohe High School, no matter how the demon changes its psychic frequency or hides itself, it will be ineffective for Wang Ling.

Wang Ling is sitting cross-legged in the bedroom.

He closed his eyes.

Countless air currents separated from Wang Ling's body, forming clones invisible to ordinary people. Then they suddenly spread to the surroundings.

Through what happened just now, Wang Ling has already felt that Jiudaohe is inside. Some students have been forcibly turned into "ghosts" by demons.

While he was controlling the movements of the demon spirits, he was also thinking about rescuing these students.

And now...

Fight back.

It's officially started.

...

Inside the girls dormitory building in Area C of Jiudaohe High School.

A girl named Noko Ohira just took a nap. When she woke up, she found that her appearance had changed dramatically.

cat...

Cat-eared girl?

She stared at herself in the mirror. For a moment, she felt that the world had become abnormal.

The cat ears on the top of her head and the cat whiskers on her cheeks. Everything that happened seemed to be telling her.

She is being "catified".

And. This is definitely not a dream.

If it's just because of the extra pair of cat ears on her head, maybe Noko Ohira can still accept it.

But now Noko Ohira discovered that his face has gradually turned into that of a cat. In addition to the whiskers, there is also a light layer of fluff.

Although she likes cats very much, she still can't accept the fact that she has turned into a cat-eared girl...

Mainly. The shape of this cat-eared girl is too ugly!

Not two-dimensional at all!

The skin is not only hairy but wrinkled.

Ugly Noko Ohira almost cried.

In the year when she first entered Jiudaohe, Noko Ohira was still a student in Class S.

She loves animals. Especially kittens.

I often use my pocket money to buy cat food to feed the little guys on campus.

And this kind of behavior seemed to offend the hidden "perverts" in Class S.

They are all twisted cat abusers. They often make videos of cat abuse and sell them online.

Noko Ohira's behavior of feeding stray cats angered this group of cat abusers.

Then... a two-year school violence began...

All kinds of humiliating words in class every day, erasers in water bottles and various additives. Even the homework she handed in would be wiped out by someone with hands and feet. The most terrifying thing was that the cat abusers blamed all the cat abuse incidents. Noko Ohira's head...

Noko Ohira's grades plummeted.

From Class S. I dropped to Class C.

She began to become autistic and unwilling to communicate with others.

She also tried asking the teacher for help.

The teacher told her.

Those people in Class S are all powerful people. They can tolerate it as long as they can.

She also tried to seek help from her parents.

her parents told her.

Jiudaohe is a famous school. Since you study here, you must learn to integrate into the environment. Don't do something unsociable...

No one really understands her.

Really understand her thoughts...

Even the closest people around her didn't bring her any comfort.

Over time and over time.

Noko Ohira's spirit completely collapsed.

She felt like she was living like an aimless wandering soul.

If it weren't for the fact that there were still several kittens in Jiudaohe that needed care, Noko Ohira might have chosen to end his life long ago.

As for tonight's welcome party, Noko Ohira naturally didn't dare to attend.

She knows it very well.

If he passes by, it will be nothing more than another kind of humiliation.

At this time, Noko Ohira, who did not know that he had been forced to become a "ghost", stood in front of the mirror and stared blankly at the changes that had taken place on his body.

Her claws seemed to be even sharper than before. The gleaming edge resembled a razor blade.

Scarlet eyes and a cat tail with barbs. It was like a whip. With just a slight wave, the wall behind it completely collapsed under the powerful blow of the tail...

"I...did I really become a monster?" Noko Ohira didn't know what happened to him.

And the next moment, she felt her head hurt.

Countless voices swirled in my mind.

The voices encouraged her...

Want her to take revenge for all the experiences that have happened to her...

Revenge those who have bullied you!

In a daze, Noko Ohira's mind flashed through many poor kittens he had seen.

These kittens were caught by cat abusers. They were tortured to death with utility knives. Their fur was pulled out, burned, electrocuted... Those cat abusers inflicted their tyranny on these weak lives to show off their strength.

Gradually, an inexplicable anger began to rise in Noko Ohira's heart.

Just when she felt as if she was about to be swallowed up by hatred.

A strange figure suddenly appeared in front of her.

This person is none other than the alter ego of Wang Ling.

"Don't be afraid. I'm here to help you." Wang Ling's clone said.

These clones were originally sent by Wang Ling to reform these students who had turned into "ghosts".

The clone represents the will of Wang Ling. But its personality is actually different from Wang Ling.

Wang Ling's clone has an extremely advanced AI mechanism.

You can automatically judge the situation in front of you and adjust yourself to what these students who need to be influenced most want to see.

So.

When Noko Ohira saw the clone of Wang Ling.

She felt as if the boy in front of her was glowing, like a little sun.

"You are..." Noko Ohira said hesitantly.

"My name is Houlang. I am here to help you restore your human body." Wang Ling's clone spoke.

Determined based on the avatar’s AI mechanism.

Ever since Noko Ohira entered Jiudaohe High School, no one had ever spoken to her so gently.

So using the gentle route is the best way to break through.

"Now that things have happened, can I really change back again..." Noko Ohira shed tears.

"Actually, you've been restraining yourself, haven't you."

The clone of Wang Ling smiled. It was very natural.

But such a smile is almost invisible on the body.

"Just like when you are talking to me now, your tears fall involuntarily. This proves that you actually don't want to become a ghost..."

"You are a kind girl. This is not your problem. You rescued those stray cats. It also proves that you have a kind heart."

"So from now on, please continue to be kind...all kind people deserve to be treated kindly."

"I..." Noko Ohira's tears couldn't stop anymore.

Suddenly, she felt a trace of warm spiritual energy on her forehead entering her body.

Subsequently, all the "ghost-like" characteristics on his body quickly disappeared in a state visible to the naked eye.

"I actually did it..." Noko Ohira looked at what was happening to her body in disbelief.

"It's all trivial."

Wang Ling took back his hand: "Okay. My mission has been accomplished. See you later..."

"Houlang Sang!"

Before Wang Ling's clone disappeared, Noko Ohira suddenly plucked up the courage to stop him: "I...how should I repay you!"

"No need to repay."

Wang Ling's clone responded: "Continue to exercise your kindness. This is the best reward."

After all. Wang Ling of Ontology has also done many good things.

And they are always anonymous.

Noko Ohira's face turned red.

Because I have never been treated so tenderly and kindly. Noko Ohira couldn't tell whether it was touched or liked.

She looked at the back of Wang Ling's clone. She mustered up her last courage: "Houlang Sang!!"

Eh?

When Wang Ling's clone came to his senses, he saw a huge shadow rushing towards him.

Fortunately, the clone reacted very quickly. He directly stretched out his hand and pressed Noko Ohira's body.

"Sorry. I'm not used to being too close to people."

"I'm sorry Houlang Sang... I was rude..." Noko Ohira's face was obviously a little disappointed: "Then... can you give me a gentle hug? Just a hug..."

"Out of the question."

This is a matter of principle.

The clone's refusal was also very decisive.

He doesn't want to leave any illusions to these boys/girls.

So it's not just for "Noko Ohira". It's also done to the rest of the people. The clones of Wang Ling also do the same.

Just because everyone's situation is different.

The avatars of Wang Ling also respond in different ways.

When facing the clone of Noko Ohira. Wang Ling, he refused rather decisively.

...

Afterwards, Noko Ohira was influenced by many clones of Wang Ling that night. The students who became human again could not remember what Wang Ling looked like for a while.

She/they only remember.

The boy called himself "Houlang".

It's like a god descending to earth. It's full of sunshine.

Appearing in front of her/them when they need it most.

Use the gentlest words in the world to melt her/their bruised hearts.

It's like a dream.

In other words, this is a dream!

Is there a boy in this world who is more handsome and considerate than Houlang Sang?

She/they regard this memory as the most cherished secret in their lives.

I will also carry this secret with me.

Continue to live hard with all the beauty and kindness...

...

Mini-Series (not related to the main series or extras).

Sun Rong: Can classmate Wang Ling give me a gentle hug? Just a hug...

Wang Ling: No! This is another price!





Chapter 1511 Run? Can you run away...


Finally solved the problem of all the students at Jiudaohe High School who were forcibly transformed into "ghosts".

Wang Ling took back the clone. And opened its eyes.

For those students who have helped them, the appearance of these clones is indeed like a dream that seems to be absent.

There is a bit of illusion in the reality.

By the time they/they came to their senses, the young man named "Houlang" in their memory had already left.

Then they forgot what "Houlang" looked like. They also forgot the oozing appearance after they turned into ghosts.

The only thing I remember in my mind is the illusory scene when the young man named "Houlang" left with a light like an angel coming...

Like a young shining angel from heaven. Fluttering his feathers. Not leaving a single cloud behind...

Later, Wang Ling carved the memories of the clones he had recovered into "dreams" on his hands.

The content of the "dream" is exactly the feelings of those students who became "ghosts" when their bodies changed.

That was the most direct impact.

Wang Ling feels that it would not be a bad idea to describe these mental shocks as dreams and then return them to the organizers of school bullying.

Use the other person's way to repay the other person's body.

As the saying goes, every wrongdoer has his own debtor. The reason why these low-level students of Jiudaohe High School have turned into ghosts today... Among the upper-class students who have participated in school violence, not a single snowflake is innocent.

So that being the case, Wang Ling plans to be a good person and do it to the end.

He decided to inflict these collected painful memories on those "school bullies".

Of course...it doesn't mean they turn into ghosts.

Wang Ling is not that cruel.

It just gives them a nightmare.

Until the bullies fully realize their mistakes and change their ways, they will experience tonight again every night. The same mental shock experienced by these ghostly students...

After doing this, for Wang Ling, the whole thing is considered to have come to an end.

However, the staged victory is only temporary.

The one who really leads all this behind the scenes is Jiugong Xinghui.

Wang Ling Actually, he didn’t expect that the other party would have the courage to test him.

Since everyone has already taken action against him...

Then Wang Ling feels that the second round of warnings may begin.

I didn't pull out much hair last time. But tonight, the night is still very long.

King's Eyes has locked onto Jiugong Xinghui's body through the hair just now.

In other words, no matter what methods Jiugong Xinghui and the demon spirit use next, it will be of no avail.

It doesn't matter if it's "the golden cicada sheds its shell" or "the gecko cuts off its tail".

Or maybe many disturbing ghosts are scattered...

These are all useless in front of Wang Ling.

You can escape as you please.

Escape with you to the ends of the earth.

So what if I run a few hundred million light years for you first...

Wuzhi Mountain is Wuzhi Mountain

...

At the same time, Jiugong Xinghui started his escape plan in a hurry.

Neither she nor the devil expected that the man named "Wang Houlang" was actually the ghost that stretched out his hand to pull out his hair from the mirror!

To be precise...

That's not actually a ghost.

But a genuine cultivator. A human being!

They previously understood Wang Ling as a ghost. It was just their own wishful thinking.

Damn...

Why can a human cultivator, and also the mascot of Number 60 High School... have such terrifying strength!

Jiugong Xinghui made a deal with the devil back then.

In fact, he is greedy for the powerful power of ghosts.

She believes that if she signs a contract with a ghost and becomes one, her combat power will be greatly improved, even reaching a level that a normal earthly cultivator cannot match!

But now Jiugong Xinghui realizes that he was wrong.

There are actually monsters on this earth that are beyond her comprehension...

The demon inside her is no ordinary ghost either.

Rather, it is a top-level resentful spirit that has lived for thousands of years.

Even the demons didn't expect that when a human being is forced to become a ghost, he can actually change back through manipulation...

This is not a math problem!

Can it be reversed?

So. The demon spirit was stupid. Jiugong Xinghui was also stupid.

They felt the students who had been corrected one after another. The expressions on their faces were so dull that they could not be described in words.

Under such a severe mental shock.

Both Jiugong Xinghui and the demon spirit felt it.

Their outlook on life is being reshaped and their cognition is being refreshed...

Then wait until you come to your senses.

One word came to mind of one person and one ghost at the same time: Escape!

They can feel the huge gap between themselves and Wang Ling.

And such a power gap obviously cannot be filled with a single {Ghost Book}.

Keeping the green hills, you don’t have to worry about having no firewood.

Running away is the most important thing right now.

Jiugong Xinghui originally wanted to test the reality of Wang Ling.

In the end, I didn't expect that I almost lost my life by testing it.

"We can't just run away like this. We have to plan a route and then release a certain amount of interference to delay the opponent's progress." Jiugong Xinghui suggested.

"I know." The demon nodded: "I have just released ten thousand ghosts. These ghosts are scattered in various directions on Sun Island. They will cause large-scale commotion. I think it should be enough to delay us."

"So you've already let go..."

Jiugong Xinghui was stunned.

At this time, she stroked her hair.

Just grab it casually.

A bunch of hair fell off the top of my head...

This is the effect of the demon unlocking the resting ghost.

Jiugong Xinghui's heart bleeds even though he lost a lot of hair.

But extraordinary times. Extraordinary measures.

And Jiugong Xinghui is also thinking about whether these ten thousand ghosts can really delay Wang Ling.

"Are you sure it's okay to do this? Why do I feel unreliable?" Jiugong Xinghui questioned this.

"That's ten thousand ghosts! And the ghosts we have are all carefully selected top quality... they are not that easy to deal with!"

The demon said confidently: "Even if we release ten thousand pigs and let Wang Houlang catch them on Sun Island, it will take a lot of time, right? What's more, is it a ghost?"

"I hope so." Jiugong Xinghui frowned.

Next step. Her plan is actually to escape from Earth.

At that time, her natal family, which is now the Akano family that represents the "Zhai Xing Group", had actually dealt with an alien creature with silver horns a long time ago.

And now Zhai Xing Group is even more interdependent with this silver-horned creature. It has long been an inseparable part.

Regarding the plan to escape from the alien world, Zhai Xing Group has actually always been prepared.

I just didn't expect this plan to be implemented today.

"Let's go. We don't have much time."

After calculating the last time, Jiugong Xinghui hid himself in a magic weapon the size of a grain of millet. He used it as a hiding container. It turned into a firefly-like light group and quickly left the Jiugong family's residence.

At the same time, among the grains of rice, Jiugong Xinghui was also paying close attention to the handful of hair that had fallen off his head.

My current hair color looks very healthy...

This means that the ten thousand ghosts released by the demons are still in operation. If they are destroyed, the hair on the hands will instantly become dry and gray, losing all nutrients.

According to the predictions of the devil.

It is not easy to dispose of these 10,000 ghosts.

It will take at least a few days of the other party's time...

But the next moment, the slap in the face came too suddenly.

Not long after Jiugong Xinghui escaped from Jiugong's house.

The bunch of black hair on my hand dried up in an instant and turned into a mass of nothingness...

"This!!!" Jiugong Xinghui and the Demon Spirit both had distorted faces. Their faces were colorless.

They just released ten thousand ghosts...

In the blink of an eye, everything was cleared!





Chapter 1512 Injury is 2 Chinese Characters0


0(damage) Previously, hair was used to lock the identity of Jiugong Xinghui and the demon spirit. Wang Ling's purpose is not just for the end.

It is also to be able to properly arrange the "one-click cleanup" spell trap.

He calculated that Jiugong Xinghui and the demon spirit might plan to escape.

Since it is going to run away, it will definitely release a certain degree of interference.

Then take the initiative to release the ghosts bound to you. This behavior is not too strange.

Therefore, the moment Jiugong Xinghui's body position was locked by Wang Ling, she had already lost.

It was also at that moment that Wang Ling arranged a "one-click cleanup" spell trap on all the hair. Moreover, it was also a series of continuous sitting mechanisms.

Ghosts released at the same time. As long as one ghost is destroyed, the other ghosts will also suffer the same damage.

It is really troublesome for Wang Ling to capture ten thousand ghosts wandering around Sun Island at the same time. The main reason is that Wang Ling is worried that he will make too much noise and hurt innocent people.

But it's different now.

With such a "sitting together" mechanism.

Wang Ling only needs to crush one ghost. The rest will explode together.

So.

At the moment when ten thousand ghosts disappeared at the same time, Jiugong Xinghui and the demon spirits felt extremely shocked.

This...

Is this still a person?

Jiugong Xinghui's face twitched, and his throat made an involuntary "dong" sound. He swallowed a mouthful of fearful saliva.

"You're actually hiding in that rice-shaped magic weapon?"

Wang Ling used King's Eyes for tracking. He quickly locked the opponent's magic weapon for escape.

It looks like a grain of rice. But Wang Ling feels that this is not a magic weapon on earth.

He kept his hand and did not immediately take the next step of suppressing Jiugong Xinghui.

But I want to see where Jiugong Xinghui wants to escape next.

To be able to absorb so many ghosts and integrate them into oneself. I think it is actually very difficult to do it without the backing of Jiugong Xinghui's personal strength.

And Wang Ling has a feeling.

He felt that Jiugong Xinghui's aura was different.

Even though there is a demon inside her.

However, Wang Ling can distinguish the scents of humans and ghosts very clearly.

The reason why he felt strange.

It was because he noticed a third kind of breath flowing in Jiugong Xinghui's body...

So what exactly is it?

Following Jiugong Xinghui all the way, we came to the edge of the golden coast of Sun Island.

Then, a magic weapon as big as a grain of rice plunged into the beach...

The whole process is extremely fast. It is almost invisible to ordinary people with the naked eye.

Wang Ling did not expect that the hinterland of Zhai Xing Group was actually hidden beneath the golden beach of Sun Island.

After in-depth tracking, Wang Ling was surprised to find out.

It turns out that just under this golden beach, there is actually another building that looks like an underground city...

If you compare Sun Island to a poached egg.

Then the city below this golden beach is the yolk of this poached egg!

It was airtightly wrapped inside. And it was buried extremely deep!

Wang Ling used King's Eyes to track all the way. He discovered some alien texts that he had never seen before.

This shocked Wang Ling even more.

The purpose of Wang Ming's visit to the island this time was actually to track down the DNA chain of the alien Silver Horn who attacked Wei Zhi and Jiang Yingying.

Why is this Zhai Xing Group... related to alien civilization?

No way?

It can't be such a coincidence, right?

Just when Wang Ling lamented that the world is so small.

In the golden city of Zhai Xing Group, which is linked to the underground of the golden beach. A tunnel leading to the depths of the seabed attracted the attention of Wang Ling.

Wang Ling uses King's Eyes to track the past remotely.

I just discovered this trick hidden deep under the sea...

There turned out to be a well-constructed submarine base.

Just like what Wang Ling saw when he was a kid. Just like the Ultraman base in those special feature films.

It's just that it's completely built underground in the deep sea.

There are strong defensive barriers and barriers around it, with alien characters densely covered on them. With the current technology of human cultivators, it may be difficult to break through this level of alien barrier.

Of course, no matter how high-end the barrier is, for Wang Ling, it is just a matter of a snap of the fingers.

But after Wang Ling thought about it, he decided not to take action yet.

This is a very crucial discovery.

Because this undersea base looks a lot like a secret alien military base.

This is really scary.

Under the nose of a country, such a behemoth can be built quietly.

This is absolutely unacceptable to any government agency in any country.

Zhai Xing Group established China. This is a huge danger. I am afraid it is a premeditated plan.

If once this matter is exposed.

It will be the biggest scandal facing the entire Sun Island.

After switching the "Free Exploration" perspective of King's Eyes back to "Jiugong Xinghui".

Wang Ling saw that Jiugong Xinghui and the demon spirits had driven their magic weapons into the core base of the Zhai Xing Group in the golden city below.

Everything went as Wang Ling expected.

As expected, Zhai Xing Group has colluded with alien civilization...

In the core base of the entire Zhai Xing Group, in addition to human cultivators, there is also a silver-skinned creature with tentacles.

And now. Wang Ling finally understands.

The Silver Horned Man they saw earlier was actually an evolved version of this silver-skinned alien creature!

Silverskin people have appeared on the earth a long time ago. They have a very powerful camouflage method. They can make their skin transform like a chameleon.

And you only need to provide a photo.

Wang Ling Dear, I saw it. There was a silver-skinned man who stared at a photo of a human for a few seconds. Then, an astonishing change took place on his body, like a kaleidoscope.

He completely transformed into the human being in the photo.

In the core base, a place called [Human Learning Research Institute] attracted special attention from Wang Ling.

After these silver-skinned people use photos to become the people in the photos, they will also learn the culture of human cultivators, so as to better integrate into society.

They learn languages, texts of various countries, play games, watch anime, and even learn how to live stream goods and bring girls to a double queue...

Although this mobile game technology is very bad at first, Silverskin Man learns very quickly.

They are also growing rapidly.

Take the MOBA mobile game "League of Kings" as an example. It only takes a week on average for a silver-skinned man to go from giving away his head like crazy to becoming the king.

This makes Wang Ling sigh with emotion...

It turns out that sometimes the teammates you meet while playing games who look like they are bad are not necessarily "elementary school students"!

It is also possible that this kind of aliens are mixed in human society. They are trying to adapt to human life...

...

In the Institute of Human Learning. Silverskin people need to go through systematic learning before they can enter human society.

The people who offer these courses are all real humans. And these humans are all members of the Zhai Xing Group.

Wang Ling Judgment. There may be some kind of transaction between the Zhai Xing Group of Sun Island and the Silverskin Man.

What's interesting is that even small things like diet, the Silverskin Man learned it well under the guidance of the members of the Zhai Xing Group.

"Everyone! The lesson we are learning today is {the correct way to drink drinks}!" A man who looked very strong stood in front of the podium. There were thirty silver-skinned people sitting in front of the desks in the classroom. They There is a can of Coke on the table.

"This thing. Commonly known as "Fuyutaku Kairakusui". When you drink it, do as I do. Gently pull the tab off the can. And then drink tons and tons of it like this!" After the man finished drinking. The carbonated drink washed through his stomach and intestines and the vaporized gas caused him to burp.

He laughed loudly: "Like this. You will hiccup after drinking. This is a normal phenomenon. You don't need to panic too much. And drinks like this will cause hiccups after drinking. In addition to carbonated drinks, there are also beers."

"Comparison of the first section of non-drinking studies. The sexual phenomenon of after-drinking appears in the same study in other groups."

"..."

Wang LingSuddenly felt that these silver-skinned people are actually quite interesting.

In order to integrate into human society, I also deliberately learn these human knowledge.

In today's society where "knowledge is power", even aliens who come to earth cannot avoid learning...

However, in Wang Ling's view, these silver-skinned people still have a long way to go to learn.

When you come into contact with human mathematics, Chinese language, physical and chemical knowledge, etc., you may even collapse...

However, the Silverskin Man grows extremely fast. He also has the ability to draw inferences from one example.

This makes Wang Ling feel that we have to be wary of these alien creatures.

After all, the submarine military base connected to the underground golden city of Zhai Xing Group was created by these silver-skinned people.

They combine the inherent knowledge in their own minds, and then learn the laws of the earth through other methods. Through the collision between knowledge and knowledge, they conduct repeated deliberation.

In the end it will be possible to gain knowledge that will defeat modern attempts. Thus unlocking technology in unknown areas...

Now Wang Ling seems to understand why Peng Xiren chose the Silverskin Man as the target of evolution.

The growth rate of these silver-skinned people is indeed terrifyingly fast.

If they could evolve into Silverhorns.

I'm afraid the growth potential will be even more astonishing.

"We have to go!"

At this time, Jiugong Xinghui left his rice escape weapon and appeared in the core base.

In the core base. The boss of Zhai Xing Group appears.

It was a white beard with thorny muscles. His body was as strong as a hill.

Also known as Akano Sekitora, the current member of the Zhai Xing Group, also the father of Jiugong Xinghui.

"Xinghui...what happened? Why are you so panicked?" Akano Sekitora was puzzled.

The human body and the ghost are combined into one for the first time. This was Akano Sekitora's idea.

He got good experimental results on his daughter Akano Hoshiki.

And stationing at Jiugong's house was actually Akano Sekitora's own plan.

Now on Sun Island, the one who has the ability to pose a real threat to Zhai Xing Group. Akano Sekitora judges that it is the Jiugong family.

If he can successfully use his daughter to annex the Jiugong family, then... dominating Sun Island will be just around the corner.

The rest. The 100,000 soldiers under the control of Jiugong Xinghui's magic hair spirit. Gradually conquer the world!

Akano Sekitora has such ambitions.

To support such ambitions, there must be strong support.

Wang Ling observed Akano Sekitora's combat effectiveness.

It's actually not too strong.

It has about half the fighting power of Lord Diu Lei.

If Lord Diu Lei's combat effectiveness is at the level of a human cultivator, it would be described as "just okay".

Then Akano Sekitora. It is the best of make-do.

However, it is worth Wang Ling's attention.

Although Akano Sekitora is not strong, the silver-skinned man standing next to Akano Sekitora is a master.

Lord Diu Lei is already a True Venerated Immortal...and is about to enter the realm of Venerated Immortal.

This silver-skinned man has the fighting power of ten Lord Diu Lei!

A total of ten Lord Diu Lei!

Wang Ling clicked his tongue in his heart.

"Father, look..." At this time, Jiugong Xinghui let down his hair, revealing two pitiful-looking bald spots on the top of his head.

"This is..." Akano Sekitora was stunned.

He knew very well that his daughter's situation was different from others.

Others became bald and became stronger.

But her daughter is in the opposite situation...bald. This means the loss of the ghost.

Judging from the damaged area on top of her head, his daughter had lost at least more than 10,000 ghosts.

Akano Sekitora was suddenly a little confused: "What on earth is going on? Why did we lose so much!"

"It's Wang Houlang!"

Jiugong Xinghui said.

For a while, she felt that it was difficult for her to explain clearly to her father about the terrible "Wang Houlang".

Now she and the devil are out of their minds.

Besides running...

There is no other idea.

Escape from the earth. Then go to the alien planet and start a new life. This is what Jiugong Xinghui is thinking about right now.

"Xinghui! Calm down! Our big plan is being implemented steadily! We will soon be able to unify the entire earth! As your father, I will not allow you to think of such useless things!" Akano Sekitora felt that it must be Jiugong Xinghui's recent attack. The pressure is too much.

Maybe he just had a hallucination.

Isn't it normal for people to lose hair when they are in a state of high mental stress?

For example, the author Ku Xuan who was accused of plagiarism a while ago...it is said that his hair is almost falling out!

The overall level of cultivators on earth. Akano Sekitora has already investigated it. Where can such a strong person exist...

"Father! What I said...is all true!" Jiugong Xinghui felt like he couldn't argue.

Akano Sekitora still shook his head: "I don't believe it. Unless the Wang Houlang you are talking about appears in front of me right now."

At this time, Wang Ling, who was observing everything through King's Eyes, tilted his neck.

He had never heard such a strange request.

However, in view of the difference in strength, Wang Ling did not directly let his own body manifest. He just used King's Eyes' remote summon to summon a small clone.

The little clone couldn't see his face clearly. There was just a vague outline.

But the moment the outline appeared, Jiugong Xinghui, who had been tortured twice, recognized it at a glance.

I was so frightened on the spot: "That's him! He's Wang Houlang!"

"Don't be afraid, daughter! Father is here!"

Akano Sekitora sneered.

Then, he faced Wang Ling's virtual body. He exerted force on his feet and waist at the same time. He struck a palm from a distance!

A palm like an air cannon made a bursting sound. It rushed towards Wang Ling's clone. It landed accurately on Wang Ling.

Then. The little clone didn't suffer any harm.

"..."

All of a sudden.

Wang Ling suddenly thought of a word that is very popular recently.

That is: gua sha1.

1(A traditional Chinese medicine, called scrapping.)





Chapter 1513 Little clone


The little clone in front of me has approximately one trillionth of the power of Wang Ling.

The main reason is that Wang Ling is worried that the power of the main body is not well controlled.

Just beat the person into a tofu brain.

Otherwise, I wouldn’t test it in this way.

Little clone.

It's just a little clone.

All aspects of attributes appear to be relatively weak for Wang Ling.

Calculated according to the level of the clone.

The real clone. That is something like "Crispy Noodles Dao Lord".

The level is the highest among the clones currently differentiated by Wang Ling.

And the order of clones after "real clone".

They are: ordinary clone, large clone and finally small clone.

It differs according to the level of the clone.

There is also a huge difference in the actual combat power possessed by each clone.

It's true that the little clone is the weakest.

But Wang Ling didn't expect that even the weakest.

The damage the other party caused to the little clone turned out to be nothing more than scraping.

And such a trivial damage.

The self-healing ability of the mini-clone can also complete the repair in the blink of an eye.

Therefore, this level of spiritual power can be completely ignored in Wang Ling's opinion.

The attack failed. Akano Sekitora's first reaction was also a little unbelievable.

After a brief daze, he immediately condensed the metal in the nearby space.

The fish scale-like armor condensed in front of my eyes and roared towards Wang Ling's little clone!

I have to say. Akano Sekitora is a very outstanding practitioner of the Golden Spiritual Root.

This is the final means of launching an offensive by extracting rare metals from nearby space.

If you don't practice this series of magic to a superb level, it is actually very difficult to do it.

The condensed golden fish scales and iron pieces split the air and made an ear-piercing scream.

Boom!

At the moment when he collided with the little clone, a smoke screen spread out in front of him.

"Success!"

Akano Sekitora suppressed the fierce glare hidden in his eyes.

This move is an original move of "Golden Scale Meat Mincer".

The main inspiration comes from Internet authors who like to procrastinate.

At the moment when the move is launched, the metal elements in the nearby space will be quickly condensed by him, turning into sharp blades like fish scales...

A total of hundreds of thousands of fish scales cut the selected target together.

Under such a storm of blades, it couldn't last more than a few seconds.

The physical body will turn into a ball of diced meat that is used to make dumplings.

"..."

In the smoke screen, the clone of Wang Ling patted the ashes on its body.

The so-called law of smoke and smoke was once again perfectly demonstrated at this moment.

Akano Sekitora is a master. But compared to Wang Ling's clone, it's still not good enough.

The outline of the little clone is not as tall as the main body. It looks like the size of a ten-year-old child. But the intimidation it exudes is astonishing.

As soon as the little clone raised his hand, all the smoke screens in the field were swept away.

The "Golden Scale Meat Mincer" just now has no effect at all on the little clone.

He walked towards Akano Sekitora step by step.

The steps made no sound.

But here, everyone's heart felt like a great bell was vibrating.

Jiugong Xinghui, Akano Sekitora and the silver-skinned human king standing on one side, who had the combat power of ten Lord Diu Lei, were so scared that they were all terrified in their hearts.

"Monster! What kind of monster is this!"

Akano Sekitora screamed.

His unique skills are completely useless.

This is something Akano Sekitora never expected.

At this time, in the core hall of the Golden City, there were Akano Sekitora, Jiugong Xinghui and the Silverskin King with ten thunders.

At the pace of the little clone, quickly retreat.

The trembling feeling was too strong.

The little clone hadn't even really taken action yet. It relied on its aura to suppress it. It had already left the three of them unconscious.

It's just a slight step forward.

The feeling of blood boiling in the chests of the three people has overflowed. They were all shocked and suffered internal injuries.

They all said "wow" and vomited blood uniformly.

No...we must resist!

Must escape!

If you don't run, you will die!

At the same moment, all three of them thought about running away.

"Hundred Ghosts Night Parade!"

At this time Jiugong Xinghui shouted loudly.

In desperation, Jiugong Xinghui had no choice but to pull out a bunch of his hair.

With a gentle blow, the hall immediately resounded with the screams of many wandering ghosts.

The art of a hundred ghosts walking at night.

Hundreds of powerful ghosts are sacrificed and controlled in a short period of time.

It's kind of like Gao Tianming in the first movie. The way he manipulated hundreds of puppets.

It's just that the "Hundred Ghosts Night Walk" is not that complicated. Moreover, the spell type is instantaneous. It is still disruptive.

Especially for other cultivators. I'm afraid it will be difficult to deal with it.

But now.

Standing here is the clone of Wang Ling.

Such a method. The little clone didn't take it seriously at all.

I saw the little clone gently raising its hand. The movement of raising the hand was obviously extremely lazy and slow. But it was stunned and directly pinched one of the ghosts running around in the space.

Immediately afterwards, there was a "bang" and the head of this haunted house was crushed on the spot.

The spell trap set by the main body also benefits the clone.

The "one-click cleanup" effect is triggered. Hundreds of wandering ghosts are instantly wiped out.

Jiugong Xinghui seemed to have expected this result.

She actually didn't know how the little monster in front of her did it.

But when you see it with your own eyes.

Jiugong Xinghui's already bald scalp even looked a little numb.

And when Jiugong Xinghui calmed down.

She was shocked to find that her father and the silver-skinned king who were standing next to her had actually run away!

On the ground. Akano Sekitora left the last words to Jiugong Xinghui in his own way: "Daughter. Dad will always love you..."

I love you so much!

Abandoned by her biological father in an instant, Jiugong Xinghui felt despair on her face. She even doubted whether she was Akano Sekitora's biological child.

"It doesn't matter if we just leave like this?" The Silverskin King said worriedly, holding his scepter.

This is a space magic weapon. "Warp Path Jumping War".

Has the ability to teleport over short distances.

Just tap the staff lightly to get them out of danger.

"That person would not kill Xinghui. He would have taken action long ago if he really wanted her life."

Akano Sekitora took out a disc magic weapon and brought up the scene in the core hall.

This image is projected into the void.

He originally wanted to see how Jiugong Xinghui was doing.

The result screen showed that Jiugong Xinghui had fallen face to the ground.

He looked completely fainted.

The little monster, whose outline could only be seen clearly, slowly stood up from the ground and suddenly looked in the direction of the surveillance camera. It seemed that he was "looking at each other affectionately" with Akano Sekitora.

Just the next moment.

Whether it was Akano Sekitora or the Silverskin King. Their smiles completely disappeared.

Because it is in the scene of emptiness.

The little monster stretched out his hand directly towards them.

The small palm penetrated directly from the screen and pinched his head...





Chapter 1514 Wang Ling is injured


"You...are you a human or a ghost..."

The moment the clone's hand touched Akano Sekitora's head, the hair on Akano Sekitora's back stood up instantly.

He subconsciously shrank his neck and tried to break free.

However, the avatar's strength was too strong. Its small hands were like suction cups, holding his whole head in place like a bowling ball.

Then lift it up.

The clone is not a complete body. It does not have intelligence like Crispy Noodles Dao Lord.

It's just the differentiation of a small amount of power within Wang Ling.

Therefore, the little clone did not answer any questions from Akano Sekitora.

He is a being without emotions.

The strength in the little hands gradually increased.

Akano Sekitora felt a splitting pain on the top of his head.

"Don't...don't use such force. It hurts..." Akano Sekitora gasped in pain.

His whole body was twitching. The feeling of struggle before death made him feel powerless in the face of everything.

At the same time he also realized it.

This "little monster" in front of me is serious!

The other party really wants to kill me...

"Help me quickly!"

Akano Sekitora shouted feebly.

As an outstanding cultivator of metallic spiritual roots, he has completely metalized his head to increase the strength of his physical body.

At this time, Akano Sekitora's entire body was plated with a metallic color.

However, this level of physical strength is still not enough in front of the power of the small clone.

The clone had no emotions and no expression. Akano Sekitora couldn't even see what the clone looked like.

It only gave him a terrifying outline that touched the depths of his soul.

Faced with the little clone floating in front of his eyes, like a child or a devil.

Akano Sekitora suddenly felt that the path of cultivation he had been pursuing for thousands of years was completely overturned at this moment...

Together with the three views, they collapsed together.

And at the moment when the little clone was about to use force to crush Akano Sekitora's head like a watermelon.

The silver-skinned king next to him finally couldn't hold it any longer.

He stretched out his hands and held out a very small magic weapon.

Wang Ling looked at it from the perspective of the small clone. He was shocked to find that it turned out to be a jet black top only the size of a table tennis ball.

This is?

There was doubt in his eyes. He always felt that this jet black top looked familiar.

And at this moment. Wang Ling suddenly felt that the perspective of the little clone became blurry.

The moment the jet-black top rotates, countless rays that cannot be seen clearly by the naked eye are released.

In the eyes of Wang Ling's King's Eyes, it is an extremely distorted pitch-black ray. It directly forms a vortex. It seems to be able to absorb all the people's minds.

It's not as fast as Wang Ling can react.

Bang.

The little clone was affected by gyro rays and was forced to disappear due to the imbalance in space.

Eh?

Is this that. The power of the black stone?

Although Wang Ling was surprised by this result.

But he was sure that the rays released by that pitch black top originated from the black stone that Peng Xiren sacrificed.

It's just that the special energy released by the top is far less powerful than the black stone.

Send a clone there. Don't be surprised if it disappears.

If it were the highest level "real clone" like Crispy Noodles Dao Lord, it would not be affected like this.

When dealing with Akano Sekitora.

Wang Ling controls the will of the clone.

It made the little clone's movements always look slow and slow.

In fact, he just wanted to see if Akano Sekitora and the silver-skinned king had any other trump cards.

And the current harvest makes Wang Ling even more surprised.

He has been searching for the whereabouts of the Black Stone.

After Peng Xiren disappeared, Black Stone cut off the clues.

Unexpectedly, during this trip abroad, he would find the "vine" he had always wanted to catch here again.

...

On the other side. The Silverskin King and Akano Sekitora used the black top to repel Wang Ling's clone.

Both of their faces looked extremely ugly.

The top is fused with the power of the black stone. The radiation caused is too strong.

Peng Xiren was holding the black stone. He suffered huge trauma every second. Not to mention Akano Sekitora and the silver-skinned king?

The time just sacrificed was only a few seconds.

The two of them actually fell down the moment their clones disappeared. Their faces turned pale and they vomited blood.

The Silverskin King used up his last strength. He put two life-threatening elixirs into Akano Sekitora's mouth and drank them for himself.

It took a while. As the medicine dissipated in the body, the two of them regained their ability to move.

In less than 2 seconds, the two of them lost an average of more than 500 years of cultivation...

"Are you crazy... to use something like this?"

"There's nothing I can do. You were almost crushed to death by that little monster just now."

The Silverskin King said: "Senior Peng said that this top is risky. But in order to save my life, I have to do it."

"This is 500 years of cultivation..."

"You can keep the green hills without worrying about having no firewood."

The Silverskin King said: "This black top knocked back the monster's clone. The monster's body must also have suffered heavy damage! It's not just us who were injured!"

"Yes." Akano Sekitora nodded: "Now. What should we do?"

"We can only go to Senior Peng for help first." The Silverskin King said: "In addition, I suggest that we temporarily move the command headquarters to the space where Senior Peng is now..."

"That place?" Akano Sekitora frowned: "But once we enter there, we will lose all abilities."

"Same. Senior Peng doesn't have the ability now, right?"

The silver-skinned king smiled bitterly.

This is a helpless move.

After all, they still have to avoid the monster's subsequent actions...

To be on the safe side, it's better to hide and take command first.

...

In the dormitory. Wang Ling once again locked the location information of Akano Sekitora and the Silverskin King.

He did not continue to take action.

Instead, they plan to take a long-term approach to catch big fish. Let’s see their further actions.

As for the injury mentioned by the Silverskin King.

In fact, it is not an exaggeration.

Wang Ling is indeed injured.

After all, that black stone could originally emit a strange ray that limited his power.

I've been waiting for a long time. Of course Wang Ling will get it.

And just now.

In 2 seconds. Because of the jet black top containing the power of the black stone.

It actually broke half a centimeter of Wang Ling's hair...

Wang Ling was stunned.

It turns out. Is this what it feels like to be hurt...

In fact, Wang Ling was a little touched inside.

After all, there aren't many people in this universe who can really hurt him.

I am feeling emotional in my heart.

Wang Ling suddenly received a reminder from Zhai Yin.

It's almost midnight.

At this point in time, the welcome party has ended. A text message from Zhai Yin at this time made Wang Ling frown slightly.

Wang Ling summarizes the information about Zhai Yin.

It said that several girls were walking towards his dormitory after the welcome party...





Chapter 1515 Whoever wins Houlang Sang wins the world


Time goes back to about 2 hours ago.

Wang Ling was fighting a battle of wits and courage with Jiugong Xinghui and his group.

The fun of Jiudaohe High School's welcome party has just begun.

Domestic students are not allowed to drink alcohol. However, some alcoholic drinks with relatively low alcohol content appeared at the orientation party of Jiudaohe High School.

Many people had bad intentions and took turns coming to toast, trying to get Sun Rong and Wang Ming drunk.

"Welcome you two to come from afar! On behalf of the Red Flame Club of Jiudaohe, I would like to extend a warm welcome to you two! I deeply feel my feelings! I'll do it first as a courtesy!" said an officer who claimed to be the Red Flame Club of Jiudaohe. .

And it was only at this time that Sun Rong realized that the internal framework structure of Jiudaohe was actually quite complicated.

Although there are student unions in China, they are officially recognized organizations.

It is strictly prohibited for students to form cliques in private.

But in Jiudaohe High School in Sun Island, this is actually allowed.

It is said to be to cultivate a sense of sect competition among students.

Only with competition can there be progress.

And these gangs established by students themselves are actually on the same level as the student union.

If the comprehensive score of the annual comprehensive survey exceeds that of the student union, then the president of the student union will change hands.

So in a sense, the current student council president of Jiudaohe High School is the Akano Jisaki who has two birds by his side (Kongque male and Ma Jiao female).

In fact, he is quite a capable person.

In recent years, the comprehensive evaluation scores of the student union have been very high. It is higher than the combined scores of the student gangs below.

Some people say that before Akano Jisaki graduated, his position as student council president was 100% secure.

Although there are now seven largest gangs in Jiudaohe High School known as the "Rainbow Seven Gangs": Red Flame Club, Orange Light Club, Huang Photo Club, Green Hair Club, Qingchu Club, Lanyan Club, and Zifeng Club.

Each of them has the urge to bring down the student union.

But due to the huge influence of the student union.

They are also afraid that their student gangs will use too much force.

On the contrary, it may benefit other gangs.

So just like that, the Rainbow Seven Gang formed a wonderful check and balance relationship.

At present, the Jiudaohe Student Union led by Jisaki, and the "Rainbow Seven Gang" below have achieved wonderful checks and balances.

It is also called by the students of Jiudaohe: the era of miracles...

"Brothers and sisters, don't you think this Jiudaohe High School is very interesting?" Wang Ming picked up a goblet and smiled.

This is the most advanced cocktail here.

Wang Ming is an adult. He actually has a good drinking capacity.

Every time he encounters a research bottleneck? Wang Ming actually secretly drinks Erguotou to find inspiration.

"Brother Xiaoer is teasing me again..." Sun Rong blushed.

"I can call you Miss Rong. But every time I call you Miss Rong, there will be thousands of calls for my younger siblings in my heart."

Wang Ming said: "I have completely figured it out now. It seems to be beneficial to me if you and Ling Ling are together! I don't have to worry about my research funds in the future!"

Sun Rong: "..."

It can only show that Brother Ming is still Brother Ming. He said a few words and Sun Rong was speechless.

Sighing silently, the girl could only blush and quickly changed the subject: "That Jisaki is more capable than I thought."

"Indeed."

Wang Ming nodded: "With a mechanism like Jiudaohe's, it's really not easy to keep your heels firmly planted. Speaking of sterilization... Then has Miss Rong thought about the issue of sterilization after marrying Ling Ling?" .Of course. The point is not sterilization. It is marriage."

"..."

Sun Rong was still blushing. Pretending that he didn't hear anything, he said to himself: "Brother Xiaoer, have you noticed that the alcoholic drinks here are quite delicious."

"Indeed."

Wang Ming nodded: "Speaking of drinking...how many tables will be set up for your wedding banquet with Ling Ling?"

"..."

After chatting with Wang Ming for a long time, many Jiudaohe gang students came over and offered a toast.

In fact, this amount of alcoholic beverages cannot be compared to Wang Ming or Sun Rong.

As long as Wang Ming wants to, he can use brain waves to emit alcohol from his body through his pores at any time.

Second, as for Sun Rong, it is easier. She has Aohai's sword energy to protect her body. Once the alcohol enters the heart veins, the protective effect of the sword energy will dilute the alcohol from the blood vessels.

No matter how high the alcohol content is, it will taste like the watered down beer in the KTV when it enters the body of Sun Rong. There is no smell of alcohol at all...

It was approaching eleven o'clock. Sun Rong and Wang Ming were still on high alert.

The two of them had an intuition that this New Year's Eve party was not that simple.

And sure enough, just as the party was about to end, Ma Jiao, the vice president of the student union, suddenly took the initiative to talk to Sun Rong.

At this time, the entire audience suddenly became silent.

Except for the light and melodious dance music.

Everyone seemed to have discussed it and fell silent. Waiting for the head-to-head confrontation between Ma Jiao and Sun Rong.

"Hello Rong Jiang. I have been wanting to ask just now. I wonder why Houlang Sang didn't come?"

"He's not feeling well. He's resting." Sun Rong said with alert eyes.

"Oh~ that's right. That's such a shame. I heard that Houlang Sang is a famous mascot in your school. Number 60 High School has won awards several times. They are all closely related to Houlang Sang."

"That's the result of everyone's joint efforts."

"Those who win Houlang Sang will win the world...this sentence can't be false, right?" Ma Jiao said with a smile: "Jiudaohe's national comprehensive strength ranking of college students. Houlang Sang ranks very high!"

"This. What kind of list is this?"

At this time, Sun Rong's eyes dimmed. He suddenly felt as if he had been tricked.

The girl in front of me has the nickname "Ma Jiao"... But it's obvious. This is a man-eating sparrow1.

1(Ma Jiao '麻雀' translates to sparrow.)...

Previously. Wang Ling focused on dealing with Jiugong Xinghui.

He never expected that a group of strange girls would suddenly come to see him at the end of the New Year Party.

Zhai Yin was monitoring the door. By the time she noticed something was wrong, it seemed that it was already too late.

Because there are a lot of girls coming to Wang Ling. There are not only girls. There are also many... boys.

She couldn't stop it on her own.

The key is. She can't do it directly!

Zhai Yin knows it very well. Now he is an assistant teacher at Number 60 High School. He represents the image of Number 60 High School.

If you just rush out like that, wouldn't it be ruining your image...

In the distance, Ma Jiao, who felt that her plan had succeeded, sneered: "Have you seen {Spike List}?"

"Of course. This is not an ancient conspiracy drama from the Huaxiu Kingdom. My parents have been watching it," Jisaki said.

"Don't you think my current approach is similar to this drama?"

"Are you talking about the unicorn genius Mei Duansu in the TV series?"

"That's right." Ma Jiao nodded: "Now I have released the news. The one who wins Houlang Sang will win the world. In this way, there will be many people. Men and women will look for that Wang Houlang to cooperate."

"..."

"In this case, wouldn't there be a chance for a date between the president and Miss Sun?"

"As expected of Ma Jiaojiang. But I still don't understand. What's going on with that ranking list of college students? Why does Houlang Sang's name appear on it?"

"That." Ma Jiao chuckled: "Of course it was added by my own black gold system. Do you really think that Houlang Sang is very strong? No, right?"





Chapter 1516 You will eventually live like Wang Ling


The internal structure of Jiudaohe High School is more complicated than Sun Rong imagined.

Looking at the Rainbow Seven Sons gang members who were continuously flowing towards the Wang Ling dormitory.

Sun Rong suddenly felt regretful that he had not investigated the matter earlier.

Obviously. This is a conspiracy.

Jisaki can securely occupy the position of student council president.

In addition to his own efforts and strength, his vice president codenamed Ma Jiao is the real role.

This man-eating Ma Jiao. drew all the attention to Wang Ling.

And the real purpose is probably aimed at her.

Recalling the grudge between himself and Jisaki back then. Sun Rong couldn't help but let out a long sigh in his heart.

It seems...

It's time to find a chance. Talk to Jisaki.

"Are you going to find that Jisaki?" Wang Ming seemed to have expected Sun Rong to make this decision long ago.

"Brother Xiaoer, how do you know?"Sun Rong was surprised.

"I can't read minds."

Wang Ming smiled and pointed to his brain: "I'm just using mental deduction."

"After I input your temper, personality and various measurements."

"Many lines of words suddenly appeared in my mind. Clearly list the decisions you may make. Then sort them according to probability."

"And among these rankings. The first one is: go talk to Jisaki."

"..."

Sun Rong took a deep breath: "I understand the truth. But... why do you need measurements data..."

"Of course, the more data, the better. The more accurate, the better. Don't worry, Miss Rong. Your data is pretty good. It's just the right size."

As he spoke, Wang Ming stretched out his hand and grabbed a grapefruit from the fruit plate at the dinner: "No...this one is a bit too big."

He threw away the grapefruit. Then he grabbed another tangerine and said, "That's not right either. This one is too small."

Finally, he grabbed a peach and said, "That's about it."

Sun Rong: "..."

Realizing that he seemed a little rude in front of his younger siblings, Wang Ming quickly put down the fruit and coughed: "I'm just making an analogy. Don't mind Miss Rong... Actually, what I mean is that Miss Rong is very good. Big breasts are of no use." .Look at that Lord of Shadow Stream. What’s the fate of him?"

After hearing this, Sun Rong still felt something was wrong: "But in the Immortal King animation, she is very strong!"

Wang Ming spread his hands and said: "That is the animation of the daily life of the Immortal King. What does it have to do with the daily life of the Immortal King?"

Sun Rong: "..."

"No work is perfect. There are always regrets. Just make more progress next time."

Wang Ming smiled bitterly and said: "That's too far off topic... By the way, that Jisaki. What are you going to do? Do you want my help?"

"No need, Brother Xiaoer. I can handle it myself. I'm still worried now. Classmate Wang Ling..." Sun Rong's brows frowned slightly.

She released Aohai's sword energy. Like a radar, she captured the students who were rushing towards Wang Ling after the orientation party.

Because of Ma Jiao’s words.

Now the gang students of the Rainbow Seven Gang have sent beautiful representatives to recruit Wang Ling into the gang.

The girl is not worried that Wang Ling will fall into the trap.

I just feel a little uncomfortable in my heart.

She held her forehead.

Suddenly I felt like I was a little hopeless.

Mingming classmate Wang Ling has not responded to her yet.

Everything is just her one-sided unrequited love...The result is that under such circumstances, she would actually be jealous over such a thing!

Sometimes. Sun Rong finds that he is quite selfish.

But regarding emotional matters, she felt there was nothing wrong with being selfish.

Because this is a one-way street.

"Don't worry, sister. Leave it to me." Wang Ming curled his lips.

Because he knew Lotus Sun very well, the accuracy of the mental deduction technique was actually very high. Literature major

He could almost immediately figure out what Lotus Sun was thinking about now.

"Second brother, it's better to call me Rongrong..."

"Okay, sister-in-law."

"..." Sun Rong's face was hot. He had given up resistance.

Wang Ming crossed his arms and looked at Sun Rong with a smile: "Actually, what I call younger brother and sister makes sense."

Sun Rong: "..."

Wang Ming: "Have you noticed, sister-in-law? You are gradually living like Wang Ling now."

"..."

These words initially made Sun Rong somewhat unresponsive.

But soon. She understood instantly...

At this time, the girl couldn't hold back her laughter.

Some people will eventually live like the person they hate the most.

And some people, just like her...

If you really live like the person you like, it seems to be good!

...

In the dormitory, the students of Jiudaohe High School faced the menacing attack from outside. Wang Ling counted with his fingers. He soon knew what happened.

The school systems are different. As a foreign school, Jiudaohe's internal environment is even more complicated.

Wang Ling sighed inwardly.

Although competition is indeed a good thing.

However, under such a clique-based system, the comparison mentality among students has intensified.

This back and forth has become the source of school violence.

And now the main reason why this group of people believe deeply in "Houlang Sang".

It’s still the “National Ranking of College Students”.

In other countries Wang Ling doesn't know.

But on Sun Island, high school students seem to particularly believe in this stuff.

This is a comprehensive strength guide. It is somewhat similar to the sword ranking list in the Sword King Realm. It will convert each student's data into a comprehensive value, and finally present it on the ranking list.

Ma Jiao tampered with Wang Ling.

Wang Ming had already started the operation on his way back to rescue Wang Ling.

The data of Wang Ling has been corrected.

The data of Wang Ling has returned to the normal ranking. But in fact, the ranking is still very high...

Because Wang Ling did represent Number 60 High School in many important competitions before. And the key is that by coincidence, Number 60 High School got excellent rankings.

This directly caused Wang Ling's "lucky value" to significantly increase its overall performance, which resulted in a large wave of data.

The situation is more difficult than Wang Ming imagined.

But this does not trouble Wang Ming.

He knew that keeping a low profile had always been his brother's rule.

So in this case...

The best way Wang Ming came up with was to use the strategy to his advantage.

"Houlang Sang, right?"

Wang Ming smiled.

The Chinese culture is extensive and profound. He actually doesn't understand these students from Sun Island. For example, Ma Jiao and Jisaki, do they know what Houlang means?

He just moved his eyes.

Wang Ming immediately transmitted the terminal data through his brainwaves, instantly hacking into the entire ranking list.

Just a moment.

Sun Island National College Student Ranking. There are hundreds of thousands of high school students on the list. All IDs have been modified by Wang Ming to Houlang Sang...

And. When everyone opens the list.

It will also force a pop-up window to pop up, playing a video of a speech by a middle-aged man with a magnetic voice...





Chapter 1517 Hacker Old V


"Those who keep saying that the Foundation Building is still the same after repairing it for a long time should take a look at you. Like me..."

"I look at you. Filled with envy."

"Cultivators have accumulated wealth for thousands of years. All the spells, magical weapons, knowledge and moves. It's like a gift specially prepared for you."

"Elixirs are given birth to, monsters are defeated and upgraded, treasures are hunted for, leapfrog battles...the fruits of cultivation civilization are opened up layer by layer. You can enjoy them to your heart's content."

"Learn a spell freely. Learn a routine. Join a sect. Go to a distant place to practice."

"Many people. You have been reborn in a different world of cultivation since the beginning."

"Many people enter their forties in childhood."

"Don't wonder what the enemy is doing."

"What's the level difference?"

"The distance between realms is broken."

"You can win cups in the same world or different worlds just by using the same routine. You have the rights we once dreamed of. The rights of the protagonist..."

"Run Houlang!"

...

A video produced by Wang Ming using technology similar to a virtual anchor.

The middle-aged man in the video and the sexy magnetic subwoofer were all made by Wang Ming using technical means.

But even so, the speech video still shocked the students of Jiudaohe High School who were watching.

Student Union Office. After the orientation party.

Kongque Nan and Ma Jiao came here.

The angle of the student union office. You can just see the location of the dormitory building.

The two were planning to enjoy the grand scene of the Rainbow Seven Gang attacking Wang Ling ahead. Unexpectedly, after Kongque entered the rankings, he was also forced to push a video about {Cultivator Houlang}.

"What is this..."

After reading it, Kongque was so scared that he almost dropped his phone.

A look of astonishment appeared on his face: "Senior Ma Jiao. Something is wrong. All the names on this ranking list have become Houlang..."

"How could that happen?" Ma Jiao frowned.

She is extremely confident in her hacking skills.

And the operation just now made her feel even more invulnerable.

I didn't expect that the hands and feet I moved would be easily cracked in such a short time.

In order to stabilize the revised ranking of Wang Ling, Ma Jiao also added many defensive walls after hacking into the system...

As a result, she didn't expect that the code she typed would be as brittle as paper.

And when Ma Jiao took the phone from Kongque and saw the changes in the rankings, she had an incredible expression on her face.

Quickly connect Kongque's mobile phone to his computer using a data cable.

After a frantic operation on the keyboard, the expression on Ma Jiao's face gradually changed from disbelief to panic: "It can't be like this..."

In front of the screen, a virtual animated character wearing the same mask as "V for Vendetta" occupied her entire computer screen.

As one of the top experts in the hacker industry, Ma Jiao recognized this person's identity at a glance.

This is the number one hacker in the world...Old V!

He is also a senior in the industry that Ma Jiao has always admired.

On the screen, Old V was holding an altar table with both hands. On the altar table, there was a small red sandalwood three-legged incense burner.

Old V did not speak. He just used the code scrolled below to communicate encryptedly with Ma Jiao.

If converted into text...

will form the following sentences.

"I have all your information."

"I advise you to stop."

"This is your final warning."

"otherwise."

"I can only offer you incense."

This is a language that only experienced hackers can understand.

Ma Jiao looked at the code. Her face was pale.

"I know, senior! I won't do anything to Houlang Sang again!"

Ma Jiao quickly gave in.

She can offend anyone. She can even dig out anyone's heart.

But only for this Old V. She didn't want to offend...

This is the top master in the hacker circle.

Like Zhao Zilong, he freely enters and exits the security networks of other countries. He is a person who comes in and out but escapes unscathed.

Almost every country’s security network has the footprints left by Old V.

But for this arrogant hacker, no one could do anything against him...

Over the years, she has worked hard to learn skills so that she can be closer to the idol she admires.

So. Ma Jiao was completely excited.

She tried to communicate using codes: "Old V-senpai! I...I've liked you for a long time!"

On the other hand, Wang Ming did not expect that Ma Jiao was actually his fan.

He smiled bitterly.

The codename Old V was acquired by him because he was young and ignorant.

The second grade is full of success.

It's just like the "WeChat ID" that many people took randomly when they were young.

If WeChat hadn't given everyone the opportunity to revise it a while ago, I'm afraid there would still be people who still wouldn't be able to do it until now.

I heard Ma Jiao said that she likes herself.

Wang Ming immediately felt that this matter was easy to handle.

If you are a fan...

Well, Wang Ming naturally has his own way of dealing with fans.

"What? Do you want to become a disciple?"

Wang Ming uses brain waves to release codes. Replied.

"Can...can it be done?" Ma Jiao was excited.

"Yes, yes. But I want to test you."

"Then what does senior want me to do?"

"I want you to hide Houlang Sang completely before he leaves."

"Hidden?"

"Yes. He is the brother of a good friend of mine. And he doesn't like to be disturbed."

Wang Ming said: "Your behavior is actually causing trouble for me."

"I'm sorry, senior. I didn't know he had anything to do with you..." Ma Jiao apologized sincerely.

She really likes Old V.

It's not just the kind of love that you admire.

Ma Jiao felt that she could even give everything she had for Old V. Even her life.

Although the condition of being an apprentice is very tempting.

But what she hopes even more is that she can become Old V's lover.

"Senior! Can I be your girlfriend?"

At this time, Ma Jiao once again plucked up the courage and said, "Senior, you don't need to answer me now... I know. It can be developed step by step. We can also start with the master-disciple relationship."

Wang Ming supports his forehead.

He was thankful that he was using code to communicate with Ma Jiao.

Zhai Yin can't understand these things.

Otherwise, I will definitely be stripped of my skin...

Although pretending to agree seems to be a good way to take advantage of Ma Jiao.

But Wang Ming doesn't want that much.

Such means are too despicable.

It's scumbag behavior.

He loves Yinzi deeply.

Therefore. I don’t intend to hide the fact that I have a girlfriend.

Wang Ming immediately replied: "Sorry. I already have someone I like. "

For a long time, Ma Jiao did not reply.

After about a few minutes, Ma Jiao said: "It doesn't matter, senior. Then... just let me be your apprentice first."

"Yeah." Wang Ming said.

"Confirm again the mission given to me by senior. All I need to do is hide Houlang Sang. That's enough, right..."

"Yes."

"good."

After confirmation. Ma Jiao closed the network.

Hide Houlang Sang.

In Ma Jiao's opinion, this matter is not too difficult.

No matter how hidden it is on the Internet.

It's better to do it directly.

Just kill him...





Chapter 1518 The blackened Ma Jiao


Wang Ming originally wanted to take advantage of Ma Jiao's admiration for him, but instead used Ma Jiao to settle the matter of Wang Ling.

But what Wang Ming never expected was that Ma Jiao was actually a silky chicken...

Due to the lack of overall understanding of Ma Jiao, Wang Ming seemed to have made a serious error in his judgment this time.

And more importantly, Wang Ming did not realize how serious the next problem was.

Wednesday, December 16th.

It was early in the morning at Jiudaohe High School. Ma Jiao stayed up all night.

As the vice president of the student union, she issued a curfew order so that students gathered around Wang Ling could quickly evacuate.

And she herself was busy all night in the student union office, preparing a plan to completely "hide" Wang Ling.

In a vice president's work manual.

Ma Jiao wrote down in detail the plan to kill and dispose of corpses that she was about to implement.

Now, there are no more people around Houlang Sang.

As long as she acts according to her plan, she can definitely kill Houlang Sang...

Anyway, this isn't the first time.

When she wrote the part about dumping the body, Ma Jiao frowned.

A cultivator in the Foundation Building stage with a normal weight can quickly dissolve the body with 50g of primary corpse powder.

Considering the possibility that Houlang Sang may have hidden strength.

Ma Jiao took out the high-grade corpse powder she kept at the bottom of the box.

This advanced corpse powder can dissolve even Golden Core cultivators quickly.

However, there is a prerequisite for corpse powder. That is to ensure that the object used must be dead...

Otherwise, it will fall on a living person.

The effect of corpse powder is actually not much different from that of baby powder.

Secondly, if you use corpse powder, how to clean up the remaining traces.

Nowadays, there are actually many methods for detecting corpses.

Even if the body is cleaned up, if traces of the use of corpse powder are detected, evidence may still be left.

To this end, Ma Jiao further prepared a "full-effect cleaning reagent".

She got it from a scumbag forensic doctor who tried to kill her.

Forensic identification work in the world of cultivation. After each autopsy, the autopsy room must be further disinfected and cleaned.

And "all-purpose cleaning reagent" is a must-have for forensic medicine.

Just to be on the safe side.

After the corpse powder has completely dissolved the corpse, just drop a drop and all traces of the scene will be completely cleaned up.

Prepare all plans.

Ma Jiao closed the workbook with satisfaction. A stern smile appeared on her face: "Senior K, I will be able to complete the task soon..."

Meanwhile, in the dormitory, Wang Ming, who was lying on the bed with Zhai Yin, suddenly trembled uncontrollably.

"Be honest. Why are you shaking... You have been rubbing behind me for a long time. You gangster..." The bed in the dormitory is not big. Zhai Yin was squeezed into it by Wang Ming, with half of her body pressed against the wall.

He said he was disgusted, but he never pushed the man behind him away.

"We are already an old married couple. Why are we so embarrassed?" Wang Ming smiled.

Then, his body trembled again: "I'm sorry, Yinzi. I don't know what's going on. It just feels like something is wrong."

Zhai Yin sat up and said, "Did you make a wrong decision? In the past, when you did experiments, you would shudder like this when you felt the results were wrong."

"It's possible." Wang Ming was like a wolf dog. He suddenly trapped Zhai Yin and said, "My wrong decision may be that I didn't deal with you on the spot."

"..."

Zhai Yin took a deep breath and glared at Wang Ming angrily.

Oh...

Men. Sure enough, they are such creatures who push themselves to the limit!

"I'm telling you, be honest. If you're not honest, don't even think about touching me in the future."

Zhai Yin blushed and folded the quilt up like an egg roll. There was no gap left for Wang Ming.

Wang Ming smiled and hugged Zhai Yin directly with the quilt: "Yinzi, I suddenly remembered... what you just said. I suddenly felt that Ma Jiao seemed a bit weird."

"You mean the vice president of the student union?"

Zhai Yin thought for a moment and said: "Rongrong was texting me just now. He said that this girl is very sinister and full of evil ideas."

"I'm worried that she will be harmful to Ling Ling..."

"You, I think you are just worrying. My brother has Soul Formation. There is nothing to worry about."

"..."

Actually, Wang Ming was mainly worried that something might go wrong with Ma Jiao.

Before taking action against Wang Ling, this was still a living Ma Jiao. But after taking action, it may not be the same...

Shadow Stream's signature is still there.

You must know. The three brothers' bones are still cold...

But then again. After Wang Ming heard that Zhai Yin thought Wang Ling was only in the Soul Formation realm, he couldn't help but laugh out loud: "Yinzi...Actually, Ling Ling is stronger than you think. ...He doesn't just have Soul Formation..."

"What did you say?"

Zhai Yin thought that his ears heard it wrong. He immediately said in shock: "Sixteen years old...Itinerant Immortal?"

"I don't want to lie to you Yinzi. You can be more bold." Wang Ming said.

"This, this, this..."

Zhai Yin was so shocked that he couldn't speak coherently: "It can't be. True Immortal, right?"

"Yes...and no. Just pretend it's okay."

Wang Ming thought for a while and said.

In fact, it is not easy for Zhai Yin to make such an inference.

After all, the strongest upper limit currently known on Earth is True Immortal.

And Lord Diu Lei on True Immortal. is just an example.

16-year-old True Immortal. This is something that many people think is impossible.

But in the future, the upper limit of the highest level of cultivators on earth will usher in new changes.

After all, the earth has been upgraded. There is no need to worry about the lack of spiritual energy.

As long as it develops for several thousand years, it will be a Number 2 Divine Realm.

"Look at your expression... Isn't my brother's strength at a level I don't know about?"

"Yes." Wang Ming nodded.

Zhai Yin looked at this serious expression and was shocked again.

You can tell by his appearance. You're not lying to yourself...

She was still curious: "So how strong is it?"

"From a data perspective, the combined strength of all the cultivators on this earth is not enough for him to fight alone." Wang Ming said.

This is still an understatement.

He is very aware of his brother's strength.

It's just the earth...if you include the universe, it's the same thing.

But the concept of the universe was too broad. He felt that Zhai Yin might not be able to digest it for a while.

Wang Ming held Zhai Yin in his arms, who opened his mouth in shock: "Yinzi. Now you know why I am obsessed with sealing Talisman's research, right?"

"knew..."

Zhai Yin was hugged and shivering: "You are sealing the nuclear bomb."

...

At the same time, on the other side, in the early morning, Ma Jiao entered the boys' dormitory building carrying a toolbox.

The dormitory aunt on duty downstairs saw that the person who came was Ma Jiao. She quickly greeted her warmly: "Little Ma Jiao! Thanks to you this time! The group of students from before suddenly came over and almost broke the door! Still! What you students can say works!"

"Thank you for your hard work, Auntie." Ma Jiao smiled. Then she took out a package of beautifully packaged things from the bag and put it on the table in the duty room: "This is top-quality yokan. Auntie worked hard on duty. I hope Auntie will accept it."

The dormitory aunt immediately laughed and said, "Then I'm not welcome! We are still sensible!"

Seeing Ma Jiao looking around, she hurriedly asked, "What are you looking for?"

"Registration manual." Ma Jiao said: "When I enter the boys' dormitory, I have to register, right?"

"Diaoyou. Ma Jiao is too uninvited. You must be here to visit your boyfriend, right? Don't be polite to auntie. Auntie understands. Just go in." The auntie, the dormitory manager, smiled. Her hands were already busy. Without mentioning it, I opened the yokan wrapping paper and started eating.

"Okay. Thank you, Auntie." Ma Jiao smiled politely.

When turning around.

Her smile quickly faded.

Just now, if this aunt asked her to register.

She would consider "hiding" the dormitory aunt as well.

At this time, Ma Jiao turned her attention to the elevator at the end of the first floor.

And now. The boy she needs to "hide" is upstairs...





Chapter 1519 Houlang Sang. It’s mine


Room 704, Boys' Dormitory Building, Jiudaohe District S.

This is the current location of Wang Ling.

Wang Ming went to find Zhai Yin to sleep at night. He left Wang Ling alone in the empty room...

In fact, to Wang Ling, being alone is nothing.

He has long been used to it.

In fact.

The moment Ma Jiao entered the corridor. Wang Ling had already noticed Ma Jiao's existence.

There is no doubt that this girl is a cruel person. She actually interpreted Wang Ming's "hide" as meaning to kill him.

This hard-core underworld faction style has a Zhai Xing Group style.

It’s just that Wang Ling is still unclear. Whether Ma Jiao has a definite relationship with Zhai Xing Group.

Tonight, I'm afraid I really can't stop.

Wang Ling sighed silently.

He turned his gaze to the door of the room.

Listening to Ma Jiao.

and.

The footsteps of another group of people plotting against him...

...

By the time Ma Jiao got on the elevator, she already felt that something was wrong.

Although the elevator looked empty.

But Ma Jiao can be sure that there are two other people in this space.

I'm afraid some invisible magic weapon or spell was used.

Late at night, he appeared sneakily in the elevator of the boys' dormitory... Who is this person?

Are there still idiots who steal boys' underwear these days?

Ma Jiao pretended to be calm.

The moment she judged that there were other people in the elevator, she quickly pressed the elevator button for the third floor.

Wait for the elevator door to rise to the 3rd floor and open.

Ma Jiao took a step forward.

Then he quickly connected a suction cup head to the elevator button using a stethoscope data cable. A hacker retrieval plug-in was implanted in the mobile phone.

Finally, Ma Jiao detected it.

About 10 seconds ago, before she entered the elevator, someone pressed the elevator button to the seventh floor.

I'm afraid I realized that I was about to enter the elevator, so I immediately hid myself and then canceled the button.

And this point can also be well verified by the elevator that is still rising.

There was obviously no one in the elevator, but the elevator still went up.

It stands to reason that no one else would be using the elevator at this time.

And the most important thing is...

This group of people actually chose to go to the 7th floor?

Isn't that the dormitory where Houlang Sang lives?

Could it be someone from the Rainbow Seven Gang? Did they sneak in here secretly?

Ma Jiao thinks it is possible.

After spending a few seconds to check the elevator buttons, Ma Jiao implanted a "turtle speed rise" plug-in into the elevator.

Then set off quickly.

Using the student union's command card, I unlocked the access control of the corridor one after another. The corridor leads to the seventh floor.

This is the unique curfew rule of Jiudaohe High School. Once the curfew starts, all corridors will be closed to prevent students from visiting each other through the corridors.

But for Ma Jiao who has a permission card, she can come and go as she pleases.

Now thinking about it carefully, Ma Jiao felt that this was probably the reason why these two people chose to take the elevator.

Because forcibly breaking through the corridor restrictions may trigger an alarm.

In comparison, the elevator may be safer.

Even if there is a floor lock, it can be easily unlocked by anyone who knows how to operate it.

But for Ma Jiao who has a permission card, she can come and go as she pleases.

The "turtle speed rise" plug-in is extremely easy to use.

It bought a lot of time for Ma Jiao's next step.

When Ma Jiao walked up the corridor to the seventh floor, the elevator still lingered on the fifth floor.

In the public toilet cubicle on the 7th floor. Ma Jiao applied invisible potion on herself.

Then, a miniature eavesdropping device the size of a grain of rice was quickly stuck on the hidden position of the door handle of every room on the 7th floor.

Although Ma Jiao had a premonition, she was not sure whether this group of people came for Wang Ling.

Therefore, it would be relatively more robust to stick a listening device on the door handle of each room.

Everything is ready.

As soon as the two got out of the elevator, Ma Jiao heard clear communication in the toilet cubicle.

"Why does this elevator suddenly rise so slowly?"

"Who knows."

"Speaking of which, do you think there is something wrong with that girl just now?"

"Impossible. What problems can she be in the foundation building period?"

"That's true. But I'm afraid this girl is not a decent girl, what kind of decent girl goes to a boys' dormitory in the middle of the night?"

"Hey...the little girl now is really bold."

Because there are monitoring devices attached to each handle.

The two walked along. Ma Jiao heard all the conversations clearly.

The pace is approaching.

Ma Jiao heard. The two men finally stopped in front of the door of Room 704.

"Are you really here for Houlang Sang?" At this moment, the expression on Ma Jiao's face was cold.

Judge by the sound.

These two people are about middle-aged. They are definitely not students of Jiudaohe High School. There is a social atmosphere in their tone.

Ma Jiao was sure that she heard correctly.

Two people who don't belong to the society inside the school. What are they doing here?

Just when Ma Jiao was confused.

The next round of conversation between the two caught Ma Jiao's attention again.

"704. This is it."

"That's right. Master Jiugong asked us to kidnap these two students named Wang. This is the best opportunity."

"No. There seems to be only one person in this dormitory..."

"What should we do? Do we want to evacuate? If we take action now, if we only kidnap one person, the other person will definitely arouse vigilance."

"No. Tonight's operation must be carried out. We have no time. We must take a gamble! What if the kidnapped boy named Wang is the one Miss Sun likes? Just give it a try. The bicycle becomes Motorcycle."

...

I see. Are you trying to kidnap him?

And it seems to be related to the Jiugong family.

In the toilet cubicle. At this moment, the expression on Ma Jiao's face was particularly gloomy.

After she received this information.

His mind was also rapidly sorting out logical thoughts.

1:These two men were sent by the Jiugongs. And it's obvious. They want to target Mr. Houlang and Mr. Xiao Er.

2: The task given to her by Old V is to hide Houlang Sang. But obviously, kidnapping cannot completely hide Houlang Sang.

3: Although the purpose of these two people is to attack Houlang Sang, their purpose is completely different from hers.

Summary: These two people will do bad things! They will definitely interfere with the tasks assigned to her by Senior V.

Thinking of this, Ma Jiao couldn't hold it in any longer and walked out of the cubicle with a bit of fierceness in her eyes.

...

At the same time, the two people sent by Jiugong Xiushi were still working on picking the lock at the door of Wang Ling's dormitory room.

Their movements were very gentle. They were afraid of disturbing Wang Ling inside.

But something beyond their expectation happened.

While they were concentrating on picking the lock, a ghostly figure suddenly appeared behind them.

It was the weird girl in the elevator before!

I saw Ma Jiao's eyes showing the expression of an eagle staring at its prey.

She raised the corners of her lips and smiled solemnly: "Houlang Sang. It's mine..."

As soon as she finished speaking, the knives on the girl's left and right hands instantly stabbed into their bodies.

"On Golden Core..."

At this time, the two people showed incredible expressions of fear.





Chapter 1520 In one thought


The white knife goes in, the red knife comes out...

Ma Jiao has always been particular about cleanliness and neatness in her work.

Being sloppy is definitely not her style. And because she has ample experience in killing people.

Ma Jiao moved her hands like a ghost. When she finished circling around, these two idle people hired by Jiugong Xiushi were stabbed in the waist by one of them on the spot.

Both of them looked horrified at the same time.

It is said that the students of Jiudaohe High School develop very early. Some people have arrived at Golden Core before graduating.

But the appearance of Ma Jiao still gave them a lot of experience...

The upper level of the Golden Core. The strength of such a state is beyond their imagination. It is not an exaggeration to say that it is shocking.

"This girl...has something to say!"

However, Ma Jiao's knife was not fatal.

Both of them were Jianghu people. They reacted quickly. They endured the pain and quickly retreated to distance themselves.

At the same time, they quickly took two pills. One was for stopping bleeding and the other was for detoxification.

This is to prevent the knife from being coated with poison and narcotic type psychedelic drugs.

Ma Jiao didn't speak. Her face was gloomy. She was simply scarier than the female ghost among some ghosts.

She held the dagger left and right. Blood dripped down the tip of the dagger. It fell to the ground bit by bit. Then it bloomed like a bloody flower.

"Get out!" One of the two men, who looked older, said.

It can actually be seen just from the amount of hair. This person is the commander of this operation.

When the order to retreat was given, the two men acted quickly. They opened the window on the seventh floor and planned to jump directly from above.

The distance is only the 7th floor. The cultivators in Golden Core will not die because of this few floors.

They were about to jump down when Ma Jiao stabbed them again with a knife, which was firmly pierced into their calves. The tip of the knife penetrated the calf flesh and penetrated into the wall, nailing them firmly to the window sill like nails.

The two people instinctively wanted to scream in pain. However, thinking that their screams might cause a commotion in the entire building, they gritted their teeth and held back.

Behind them, the devil-like girl was approaching. The two of them quickly pulled out the dagger from their legs without even having time to think about it.

He jumped down from the 7th floor as if he was running away.

It's like going through a horror game.

Who would have thought that such a crazy woman would exist in a boys' dormitory...

"Gan! I knew this girl was abnormal!" The Mediterranean man named the leader gritted his teeth in pain.

"Did you just run away? What about the mission?"

"Are you still thinking about the mission at this time? Of course it is important to save your life! That little lunatic just now had a chance to kill us. But neither of the two knives penetrated the vital part... This was obviously intentional..."

The Mediterranean man was filled with fear: "I'm afraid the other party wants to torture us to death bit by bit..."

...

In fact, this is not wrong.

Tortured to death. But Ma Jiao had this intention.

At the edge of the window sill. Ma Jiao stared at the ground and the dripping blood on the edge of the window sill. She couldn't help but stick out her tongue and lick the bits of blood that splashed on the corners of her lips.

What a pity. These two people ran too fast. She originally wanted to drill a few holes in their calves with the dagger...

She is obviously the real hunter.

Obviously, Houlang Sang belongs to her.

And Houlang Sang's life must be left to her to end in person...

This is the task assigned to her by her most respected senior, Old V!

No one can stop it!

Everyone who steals the mission will die...

"Run? Can you run away?"

Seeing the two people fleeing in a hurry, Ma Jiao sneered.

Just like what two people thought.

She fiddled with the dagger.

But it's fine to paint.

It's not poison.

...

The two kidnappers who were sent by Jiugong Xiushi to hire Wang Ling chose to evacuate immediately after being attacked by Ma Jiao.

Their retreat route was determined beforehand, so they ran very fast during their retreat.

In the early morning, on the corner a few streets away from Jiudaohe High School, the two quickly boarded a black van.

"Did the mission fail?" At this time, a voice came from the driver's seat.

There was another accomplice of theirs in the van.

"Jiudaohe High School is so scary. There is a little crazy girl who keeps chasing us and killing us..." the two said with lingering fear.

They took out the first aid kit and were cleaning and further bandaging the wounds on their bodies.

"Master, will you be very angry?"

"Nonsense! Because the original plan to kidnap the man named Wang was to threaten Sun Rong-chan! Now the plan has failed. He must be angry."

Mediterranean man attending to his wounds.

At this point, he suddenly felt that something was wrong with the driver today.

Just when he was suspicious.

At this time, the driver in the driving seat spoke again: "Do you think I talked too much today?"

"Yes, Lao Chai. You don't seem to talk that much usually."

"Do you feel a little dizzy now?"

"When you say that, it seems a bit..." The Mediterranean man frowned.

At this time, he looked at the accomplice who was acting with him. Suddenly he found that this person had already fainted and was foaming at the mouth.

"When I stabbed the knife in, there was indeed no poison on it. However, the potion on the knife would conflict with the elixir that has a hemostatic effect, thus turning it into a hallucinogen."

In the driving seat. As the driver finished speaking, the middle-aged Mediterranean man suddenly realized.

At this moment, a strong smell of blood came. Following the smell of blood, he looked towards the back of the van.

The Mediterranean men discovered that their real driver had fallen into the back compartment.

He was covered in blood. He had completely fallen into a pool of blood...

"You...you are..." At this moment, the middle-aged man suddenly realized.

Accompanied by the sound of blood dripping, the driver in the driver's seat suddenly turned around. Then he took off his mask. His mouth suddenly cracked: "Did the person who stabbed you earlier look like this?"

The middle-aged man could no longer resist the effects of the "psychedelic drug". With his face full of panic, he passed out with a pale face.

"Three kills. Complete..."

Ma Jiao closed her eyes. She smelled the bloody smell in the van, and suddenly felt a sense of peace of mind in her heart.

...

At the same time, in dormitory 704, Wang Ling opened his eyes.

After the observation just now, he is now certain that the vice president of the student union of Jiudaohe High School, like Jiugong Xinghui, the eldest daughter of the Zhai Xing Group, is a combination of ghosts and humans.

And the degree of combination is very high. Except for the smell of ghosts that will appear at specific times, the smell of Ma Jiao in normal life is undoubtedly the smell of humans.

At present, it is known that the technology for combining ghosts and human cultivators was jointly developed by Zhai Xing Group and the Silverskin Man.

And Wang Ling thought to himself. Maybe the reason why Ma Jiao became what he is today is also inextricably related to the research of Zhai Xing Group.

Jiugong Xinghui is the daughter of Akano Sekitora. To combine a ghost with his daughter, Akano Sekitora will definitely not use this technique easily without certainty.

To do this, he needs a large number of test subjects...

And Ma Jiao. is one of them.

The above.

In fact, it is not Wang Ling’s own unilateral guess.

Because now, sitting cross-legged in front of him, the three intact people who were rescued from Ma Jiao by Wang Ling also told him everything they knew.

"Senior! These are all the things we know!" At this time, the three people kowtowed to Wang Ling. They could not see clearly what Wang Ling looked like.

But Wang Ling's aura is powerful. It makes the three of them fearful.

In fact, the moment Ma Jiao stabbed her for the first time...

The power of King's Eyes of Wang Ling has been activated.

He uses his pupil power to distort the boundary between reality and illusion.

As a result, everything that just happened was "reality" in Ma Jiao's eyes. But in the eyes of the trio of middle-aged Mediterranean people, it was all "dream"...

in this world.

Everything is and is not.

All true and false.

It's all in Wang Ling. Just a thought...





Chapter 1521 This wave. Which floor are you on?


King's Eyes is a trick that is "either there or not. The virtual and the real are intertwined". Wang Ling is actually used a very limited number of times.

In his memory, he used this "eight-character pupil technique" no more than three times in total. And the first two times he unintentionally pulled off a prank later on.

The power of the Eight-Character Eye Technique is self-evident. It can turn reality into illusion.

Then transform fantasy into reality.

This ability is really too terrifying.

A little carelessness may trigger a series of butterfly effects.

And now the reason for using Ma Jiao.

Or because the gap in combat power between Ma Jiao and himself is large enough. In essence, even if there is some butterfly effect, Ma Jiao cannot pose a substantial threat.

However. If it is used against Peng Xiren's level...

Wang Ling had to weigh it carefully.

People like Peng Xiren. Wang Ling thinks it is more reliable to kill him with one move.

In this way, there will be no possibility of extraneous matters.

And now the reason why he still keeps Peng Xiren.

There is no other reason.

Just because of the black stone.

Such a big black stone was left in Peng Xiren's hands.

Wang Ling felt itchy to watch.

But now, Peng Xiren seems to be borrowing the power of the black stone to hide and deal with himself behind his back.

Wang Ling wants to see... how long this Peng Xiren can hide.

As long as he dares to show his face.

That mysterious black stone.

Wang Ling is determined to win.

At this time.

The two people who were originally sent by Jiugong Xiushi to kidnap Wang Ling. In addition to the driver who was watching the streets... there were three people in total. They were completely frightened by Wang Ling's methods and kowtowed.

They didn't even dare to raise their heads. There was a sense of awe in their hearts.

It saves Wang Ling a lot of worry.

The leader of the group, Mediterranean, had a clear mind.

A boss like this who doesn't care about world affairs and chooses to hide himself as a high school student must not want people to see his true face...Some things, it's better not to know what you shouldn't know.

Otherwise, even if I have ten lives, it may not be enough.

Based on the self-introduction just now.

This bald man is called Yitong.

The younger brother following the action and the driver waiting on the street called Ertong and Santong.

They have no names.

They were all picked by Jiugong Xiushi from the street. They were homeless people who had some potential for spiritual practice.

He has no father or mother, and is homeless. But he has a good foundation and is suitable for spiritual practice.

Jiugong Xiushi specifically asked One-Eyed Samurai around him to search for such a group of people and train them into his subordinates.

The three people in front of me can be regarded as the three most senior people among all the people Jiugong Xiushi has collected.

"Senior...Master Xiushi. I actually didn't mean to offend you...If senior must be blamed, it will cost the lives of the three of us...Don't hurt Master Xiushi." The leader, codenamed Yitong, said.

After all, given their background, without the help of Jiugong Xiushi, they would still be just idle members of society.

No matter how evil Jiugong Xiushi is.

To them, they are also benefactors.

Hearing these words from Yitong. Wang Ling was actually a little moved in his heart.

This one is a man.

Willing to give his life for Jiugong Xiushi.

In a sense, Jiugong Xiushi has a good eye for recognizing people.

At the same time, Wang Ling sighed helplessly in his heart.

He actually.

I have no intention of taking anyone's life...

I don’t know why many people treat strong people.

Just imagine the kind of devil who wants people's lives at every turn.

Although he is very strong, he is not a devil at all.

He is just an ordinary high school student. He studies very ordinary and looks very ordinary...

Wang Ling always feels that he is the type who will be drowned in a sea of people.

But I don’t know why. There seems to be an invisible whirlpool around him. It always draws all kinds of troubles to him and he doesn’t want to meddle in his own business.

And now what happened with Ma Jiao is exactly like that.

After confirming that there is some kind of secret ghost on Ma Jiao.

Wang Ling In order to further confirm his guess, he needs to find someone to conduct an investigation.

Sun Island is an unfamiliar place.

So in this situation, one tube, two tubes and three tubes are a good choice.

He summoned his chatty clone named "Houlang" and began to further communicate with the three of them.

Wang Ling is not good at words.

So having a chatty clone is actually very important. And tonight, in order to rescue those students who were forcibly transformed into ghosts.

Wang Ling even had the urge to use his "talkative clone" to express his opinions on his behalf.

The summoned Wang Houlang has a slightly different appearance from Wang Ling. This is not a real clone. It is one level lower than Crispy Noodles Dao Lord. The setting is a sunny, cheerful and mature type.

"Hello, three of you! My master wants you to investigate Ma Jiao. I don't know. Is there any problem?" At this time, Wang Houlang said.

"Senior is talking about that little crazy girl?" To be honest, I still have lingering fears in my heart.

"Isn't this a embarrassment to you? I'm just asking you to investigate. It's not a betrayal of your young master either." Wang Houlang said.

"This... is okay, but it's okay..." Yitong said with some embarrassment, "But senior has also seen it. That little madwoman is the upper echelon of Golden Core. How can the three of us be her opponents."

"Don't worry about this. I will plant the eight-character mantra in you myself. The effect will be the same as what you saw before."

Wang Houlang smiled and said: "Once you encounter fatal danger, it will immediately turn into an illusion, allowing you to escape from danger."

"That's it." The three of them looked at each other and nodded.

"But my master's time is limited. I will give you 12 hours at most. We need all the information about that classmate Ma Jiao."

"Understood..."

At this time, Yitong stood up.

He patted his chest confidently and said, "Senior, just feel free to leave it to us!"

Then the trio quickly left the dormitory. Wang Ling breathed a sigh of relief. At the same time, the clone named Wang Houlang beside him also disappeared.

What Wang Ling didn't expect was that Wang Ying actually became a little unhappy.

He appeared directly Wang Ling years ago: "What's the matter? Why don't you tell me about it? I created a chatty clone specifically. Isn't it unnecessary?"

Wang Ling In fact, I have always felt that Wang Ying is not suitable for this kind of persuasive work. Although he also has Wang Houlang's chatty attributes, Wang Houlang's tone of obviously discussion makes it easier to negotiate things.

But Wang Ying is different...

I thought so. Wang Ling wiped his sweat himself. Why didn't he use Wang Ying... It turned out that Wang Ying didn't have any points himself.

Just look at Sun Ying'er.

It’s so “cruel” to treat a girl. How much more to treat other people?

There is no such thing as talking well. Wang Ying's personality is definitely the type that can do things but not talk.

And for this.

Wang Ling feels that Wang Ying will suffer a lot sooner or later.

If you don't control your temper,

Between him and Sun Ying'er.

Something big is going to happen later.

After assigning the task to Yitong, Wang Ling finally had a moment of peace in this messy night.

In the girls' dormitory in District S of Jiudaohe. Sun Rong looks at each other from afar in front of the window sill.

She was always thinking about Wang Ling. She was worried about whether there would be any problems there.

The weather was getting colder tonight. That feeling of loneliness came to Sun Rong's heart. She originally thought she would go talk to Zhai Yin tonight.

But now, Zhai and Wang Ming are having an intimate relationship.

It was really inappropriate for her to just pass by like that.

The last comfort. It seems that only Sun Ying'er is left: "Rongrong. Go to bed early! Don't think about it!"

The girl's voice sounded in Sun Rong's ears, speaking softly.

Sun Rong was startled. His eyes were slightly absent-minded.

She leaned against the window for a while. Suddenly she felt warmth on her shoulders.

Someone covered her with a blanket.

"Ying'er. I'm not cold." At this time, Sun Rong smiled.

She suddenly felt that Sun Ying'er seemed more considerate than she thought.

"This... wasn't built by me!" Sun Ying'er was stunned.

"Not you?"Sun Rong was stunned.

"Yes! This blanket is haunted. It flew here on its own..." Sun Ying'er said in a panic at first. Then she quickly realized: "I know! It must be Ling Zhenren!"

"Classmate Wang Ling..."

A warm current instantly surged from the body to the girl's face.

It's a lonely night, yes.

But also...

A very nice night.

It's obviously just an ordinary blanket.

But the smell above seems to have a special sweetness.

Sometimes, Sun Rong feels that Wang Ling is very gentle and cruel.

The young man can always leave his casual tenderness to her.

But it seems...

never mind.

Sun Rong shook his head.

I don't want to think about it any further.

It's always okay to just spend some more time, right?

She is fully prepared. Isn't she?

No matter how many years it is.

She can afford it.

Nor will I give up.

...

It is still the morning of December 16th.

At about 6 o'clock, Ma Jiao changed into a fresh set of new clothes and returned to her school building in Jiudaohe High School.

No one knew that just a few hours ago, the student union vice president of Jiudaohe High School "killed three people"...

Disposing of the bodies of three people was troublesome.

Ma Jiao drove to the back mountain, found an open space, used air blasting to open a small pit, and buried the body in it.

Then use corpse powder to dissolve the corpses of the three people.

These corpse powders were originally used to deal with Wang Ling.

The amount Ma Jiao carries with her is not that much. But now she needs to dissolve three Golden Cores. Such a dose is far from enough... at most it can only decompose the physical body.

In other words, there will still be some remains of these three people.

In desperation, Ma Jiao could only pull the three of them to the back hill behind Jiudaohe High School and deal with them together.

Ma Jiao dug this pit very deep. Unless there is any large-scale mudslide or landslide.

No one would know that three bodies were buried here.

Of course. Just in case.

Ma Jiao still took precautions.

She happens to be a cultivator with wood spiritual roots.

It is not too difficult to use tree planting to achieve rapid growth of vegetation.

As long as a few big trees are planted where the bodies are buried, it may be possible to prevent the remains from being discovered.

And when the tree roots are growing, Ma Jiao can also set them into the shape they want. Through a "claw" posture, they can hold these remains.

After finishing all this, I returned to the student union. It was already morning.

She sat in her vice president's seat and breathed a sigh of relief.

Then he took a pill to cheer him up to prevent himself from looking lazy.

She has never been a lazy person.

When Akano Jisaki returned to the student union office, he looked happy.

This made Ma Jiao couldn't help but feel a little happy: "It was done last night?"

When she saw Jisaki showing such an expression, she thought Jisaki had completely taken care of Sun Rong.

Jisaki smiled. He was as happy as an adolescent pig-headed boy.

He touched his head and said, "No! Yesterday, classmate Ma Jiao, you drew all your firepower to classmate Wang Ling. I actually hesitated for a long time. Should I send a message to classmate Sun Rong? Just Are you tearing apart the roses in the room... or not? Then that's it. I broke the rose petals all over the floor."

The corner of Ma Jiao's mouth twitched: "..." I worked so hard all night. I even killed three people. Are you still debating whether to send a text message or not?

"In the end, did you send it out or not?" Ma Jiao stared at Jisaki. She felt like she had a brain hemorrhage.

"No! After I finished opening the rose, Sun Rong-chan came to me on his own initiative. He said he wanted to talk to me."

After saying this, Ma Jiao suddenly spurted out a mouthful of old blood...

I've been tearing apart the roses all night, but they still haven't been sent out!

All I can say is, is she worthy of being the president of her family?

It's really hopeless...

All this time, Ma Jiao thought Jisaki was just looking stupid.

At least he is a wise and foolish type.

But now, Ma Jiao had to take back her thoughts.

Adolescent boys and girls in love. No one is normal!

And the most outrageous thing is that Jisaki actually feels very powerful and feels very good about himself.

He stared at Ma Jiao and laughed, "Well, I didn't expect Sun Rong Jiang to take the initiative to ask me out. Do you think she's interested in me too? I have a feeling I'm not at a disadvantageous position either. I feel like I'm not at a low level. Do I still have a body that automatically attracts beautiful girls?"

"..."

Ma Jiao was silent for a moment. Then she felt a headache and rubbed her eyes and temples... She felt that she had to do a set of eye exercises to calm down.

Otherwise, Jisaki will probably be pissed to death.

"You're lucky not to be given a good person card." After a few minutes of calming down, Ma Jiao reminded him expressionlessly.

"How come? I'm so good. I don't know how many times better than Houlang Sang." Jisaki smiled.

Ma Jiaohehe.

Jisaki: "But this time. Thanks for your help, Ma Jiao, no matter what. Without you. I probably wouldn't have had the courage to tear down the roses. But from the looks of things. I think it's going in the right direction. What do you think of this wave. What floor am I on?"

Ma Jiao was silent again.

Based on her understanding of girls.

It is definitely a certainty that Jisaki will be given the good guy card.

This wave...

He is obviously in the eighteenth level of hell!

PS: Who do you think covered the blanket?

1:Wang Ling

2:Wang Ying

3:Unknown ghost...





Chapter 1522 Reason for Rejection


There is nothing wrong with being confident. But being overconfident is foolish.

However, there is a saying that young people in love are mentally retarded. Ma Jiao thinks this sentence is perfectly reflected in Jisaki.

But in fact, it is normal for straight men like Jisaki to be unable to understand the meaning of girls.

When a girl who doesn't have any good feelings for you suddenly asks you out for a heart-to-heart talk...it's not that this girl has a mental problem. It's most likely that she just gave you a good person card!

Ma Jiao seemed to have heard Sun Rong with a smile and said seriously to Jisaki, "You are a good person."

But looking at Jisaki's smiling face, Ma Jiao felt that Jisaki obviously didn't realize the seriousness of the problem.

"Do you really like that young lady that much?" At this time, Ma Jiao asked in the Jiudaohe student office.

Jisaki didn't know. His answer was actually a choice for Ma Jiao to take the next step.

Jisaki's face was red. The rapidly rising temperature was accompanied by the emitted moisture. The steam caused the clean bangs to blow backwards.

"Of course..." Jisaki said.

He felt like he liked it even more than he thought. Sun Rong...

I have worked so hard to practice for so many years, all for Sun Rong.

After Ma Jiao's last reminder, he understood instantly. His feelings for Sun Rong were not caused by "hate".

But a kind of adoration, like and love...

He practiced so hard just to catch up with the footsteps of the goddess in his mind.

Regarding Ma Jiao's question, Jisaki's answer was very honest.

Even by looking at his expression, you can tell his true feelings for Sun Rong.

"I see."

At this time, Ma Jiao replied with a low face.

"Why are you asking this? Classmate Ma Jiao?"

"I'm not doing anything. I just wish you a long life." Ma Jiao said.

At this time, Jisaki didn't know that she was sorting out the plan on the notebook in her hand...

That's a complete plan to kill Sun Rong...

She felt that Jisaki would be given the good guy card anyway.

She will definitely feel pain when the time comes. Then it would be better for her to end it all with her own hands.

Something Jisaki can't get.

Then it will be completely destroyed...

...

After lunch that day, Sun Rong hurried to a cafe outside the school.

Lunch break in Jiudaohe. Students here can go out freely.

When Sun Rong pushed into the private room of the cafe, Jisaki was already waiting here.

He ordered the cafe's specialty desserts and steaming hand-ground coffee. He was looking forward to the arrival of Sun Rong.

However, what Sun Rong and Jisaki don't know is that the people next door to their private room are none other than Wang Ming, Zhai Yin and Wang Ling...

Of course, it was not Wang Ling who asked to come. It was Wang Ming and Zhai Yin who forcefully pulled Wang Ling over after they noticed something was wrong.

Wang Ling sipped the crisp coffee. Staring expressionlessly at the two chattering people in front of him.

"Brother! Why don't you know how to be anxious..."

Wang Ming frowned: "Ms. Rong is having a coffee date with another man! What do you think is so good about this Jisaki? It's not as simple as pouring a cappuccino for an old aunt... He's clearly interested in Miss Rong! "

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ming's mouth is like a machine cannon.

In fact, of course he knew exactly what the purpose of Sun Rong was.

The reason why I brought Wang Ling over was just to see my brother's reaction.

The results show that.

Wang Ling doesn't feel any nervousness...

Sure enough.

Wang Ming couldn't help but sigh in his heart.

What he was most worried about seemed to have happened.

Is it because Talisman was suppressed for too long?

As a result, Wang Ling became a person who was completely incapable of emotions.

Although Talisman has a certain function of sealing emotions, Wang Ming has always ignored a very important point.

That is if the emotions have been sealed for a long time.

It is very likely that a force like "inertial thinking" will be formed in the heart and mind.

The worst result is that a cage-like closure may form in the heart...

Wang Ming frowned.

He increasingly felt the importance of developing a new Talisman.

For the safety of the earth, the safety of the universe. At the same time... also for the happiness of his brother.

Wang Ling lowered his head. The coffee ladle was stirring the crispy noodle-based coffee in his hand. The waiters outside glanced in their direction from time to time.

This coffee shop provides DIY coffee service. The waiter had never seen this kind of drinking method before. He was very surprised.

Drinking coffee. He has seen ones with immortal grass as the base, taro balls as the base, aloe vera jelly as the base... but he has never seen one with dry noodles as the base.

Is this stuff really drinkable???

On the other side. In the private room.

Jisaki looked at Sun Rong happily. His face was full of happiness and satisfaction: "I don't know. Sun Rong-chan came to see me today. Why? I don't want to say. I am a good person... ."

Sun Rong almost choked after hearing these words. However, after being stunned for a moment, Sun Rong still smiled and said, "How does Jisaki-san know?"

Jisaki's heart suddenly felt like a thunderbolt.

"Rong Jiang. So straightforward..." Jisaki smiled bitterly.

"I have something more straightforward." Sun Rong said with a smile: "But actually I don't want to hurt Jisaki-san. Because Jisaki-san is indeed a very good person. He is also very hard-working and motivated. But the two of us . inappropriate."

Sun Rong came here this time just to plan. Break everything into pieces and talk about it.

At the same time, she was also afraid that she would hurt Jisaki's self-esteem.

So during the showdown, Jisaki's own feelings were also taken into consideration as much as possible.

"Although I am disappointed, I am still very touched that Sun Rong-chan can tell me so frankly."

Jisaki smiled and said: "So. Can we still be friends in the future?"

"We are friends now." Sun Rong said with a smile.

That kind of gentle yet generous character made Jisaki feel itchy in his heart.

He felt that a boy who could be liked by Sun Rong must have saved the galaxy or the universe in his previous life.

Otherwise, you won't be able to find such a good girl even if you hold a lantern...

"Since we are friends, Rong Jiang can call me Ah Jiu from now on. Calling me Jisaki classmate is too foreign."

"Okay. Ah Brother Jiu."Sun Rong smiled.

Jisaki is older than her. She knows it.

In order to get closer, I call him brother. Sun Rong thinks it’s not too much.

"Rong Jiang. Can I ask another question?" At this time, Jisaki sighed slightly and asked.

"Of course!"

"I want to know. What is wrong with me? I have to die to understand it!" Jisaki didn't know whether to laugh or cry.

"Well..."

Sun Rong was startled. Then he quickly blushed.

She stared at Jisaki and said seriously: "That's because I already have someone I like...and I want to be with him for the rest of my life!"





Chapter 1523 Houlang Sang’s real technology


When she spoke, the girl's voice was not particularly loud, but her serious look still shocked Jisaki.

"It's great that Rong Jiang can find someone he really likes." He was happy for Sun Rong from the bottom of his heart.

This may be a kind of relief after being rejected.

In his impression, Sun Rong did not collapse because of rejecting him. Instead, it became more three-dimensional than before.

Isn't a girl like this a girl worth cherishing for being the one she truly likes, bravely asking out other people who have a crush on her, and then sending out "good guy cards"...?

In terms of emotions, Jisaki has never been pushy.

He feels that emotionally, expressing one's true feelings is the right way to go.

If you like it, you just like it.

If you don’t like it, just say it as soon as possible.

Don't let people get misunderstood.

Many boys and girls are hesitant and do not know how to express their position. Then they leave a lot of spare tires... This is a very impolite behavior of scumbag men and scumbag women.

Because of personality reasons, some of these people may not do it intentionally, while some simply want to raise more wallets that can provide them with nutrients.

"No matter what, I still want to thank you this time. Rong Jiang." Jisaki thanked him from the bottom of his heart.

"Brother Ji, why do you want to thank me?" Sun Rong probably knew what Jisaki was thinking. But out of politeness, she still asked.

He laughed: "I remember I had a brother who liked a girl. The girl never rejected him directly. Instead, she even sent him messages asking him to buy this and that,..., and my brother pursued her with all his heart, until one day when he was eating at a restaurant, he found this girl with other boys."

"This is too much. How can you hang someone up like this?" Sun Rong said.

"Who says it isn't?"

Jisaki sighed: "Later, my buddy felt that he had been cheated. He came forward to question her on the spot. But after looking through the girl's mobile phone address book, he found that besides himself, she was also having with 78 boys at the same time. Chat as girlfriend."

"Seventy-eight..."

Sun Rong heard the corner of his eye twitching.

Jisaki smiled: "So Rong Jiang took the initiative to talk to me about everything. I'm actually very happy. Besides, we can still be friends, right?"

"That's right." Sun Rong smiled.

This meeting in the cafe went more smoothly than she imagined.

At this time, a clerk suddenly entered their private room rashly: "Hello, Miss, would you like to refill the cup of coffee with crispy noodles..."

The clerk just pushed in the door. He saw that the people sitting inside were different from the ones he had just served. Then he realized he had made a mistake.

He quickly apologized: "Ah, I'm sorry. I went to the wrong place... I disturbed you two. I'm so sorry!"

This time, Sun Rong just noticed something: "Wait a minute. Who ordered this cup of coffee?"

"Sorry, girl...we can't reveal customer privacy." The clerk smiled.

He quickly pushed out of the private room. Sun Rong followed him out.

Shop assistant: "..."

"You gave it to me. I passed by." Sun Rong smiled.

The clerk had no choice but to go to the private room where Wang Ming was and bring the coffee in.

When he entered the door, the boy was stunned for a moment because he found that the young man who had invented this new way of drinking coffee was missing.

"Brother Xiaoer. Sister Yinzi. What a coincidence!" Sun Rong smiled knowingly.

The eavesdropping was revealed. Wang Ming and Zhai Yin quickly raised their eyebrows.

In fact, it was a pity just now. Because Wang Ling did not hear the end. After drinking the coffee in his hand, he disappeared instantly. It seemed that some emergency had occurred...

But judging from Wang Ling's temper, even if he heard it, he probably wouldn't have any reaction.

...

Wang Ling did run away halfway. And it was indeed because of something.

But it wasn't what Wang Ming said. It was an emergency.

Because he received a message from the Sun Island Mahjong trio.

Wang Ling himself did not expect what he had explained in the early morning. The three people in Yitong immediately launched a series of investigations, and some clues had already been drawn.

Next to Jiudaohe High School is the nearest Hefeng Park. Wang Ling and the representative of the three, the middle-aged Mediterranean man, successfully completed the joint activity.

In front of an ice cream shop, I was holding a cone sprinkled with crispy toppings, waiting for Wang Ling to arrive.

It's just a blink of an eye. Wang Ling has already appeared in front of Icyon's eyes.

For security reasons, Wang Ling has maximized the effect of "Great Shield".

In other words, even if someone witnesses me now, as long as I leave for a while, they will all forget about it.

"Houlang Sang...our investigation has reached new heights."

Yitong handed the cone to Wang Ling. Then he explained the clues he had obtained so far with a serious face.

"That's right. After receiving the mission in the early morning, we immediately investigated the residence of classmate Ma Jiao."

One tube said, "The investigation has learned that in addition to the school's dedicated single room dormitory for the S District Student Council officers, Sparrow's residence is actually an additional villa just within the city of Tung Fu on Sun Island. The name was attributed to Ma Jiao-schoolmate."

Speaking of which, a picture of the property certificate information about this villa was displayed.

This was taken using special means. It can be seen that there was a lot of rush when collecting information. But the key information is all there. And the photos are very clear.

It was only now that Wang Ling realized Ma Jiao's full name: Rokume Akahoko.

At first glance. It's a familiar name.

Especially the word "Aka" in the middle.

Because this Aka. It's the Aka of the Akano family.

And the Akano family is the one that currently controls the Zhai Xing Group, the largest underworld organization on Sun Island.

Even without extrapolating, Wang Ling still has a vague feeling.

He feels that Ma Jiao is related to the Akano family.

And the facts prove that the results are indeed true.

"With the financial strength of that crazy girl, it is absolutely impossible for her to own her own villa in an area like Dongfu City. So we conducted an in-depth investigation into the girl's identity."

"It turns out that this girl is the illegitimate daughter of Akano Sekitora, the current leader of the Zhai Xing Group. And this villa was bought for her by Akano Sekitora."

At present, all information has key photos as evidence.

"To confirm this, we specially extracted the girl's DNA." Yitong said.

They were unable to collect the DNA information of Akano Sekitora. However, they still had the DNA information of Jiugong Xinghui.

Jiugong Xiushi has always been wary of the sixth wife in their family.

Therefore, we have already made plans to extract DNA data.

The method is also very simple.

Just collect the tableware used by Jiugong Xinghui.

From the saliva above, you can get the DNA data of the Akano family.

As for Ma Jiao's DNA data, it is more difficult to obtain it in one tube.

First of all, Ma Jiao is a cautious and clean person.

This is true whether it is a residence or a villa.

Spotless.

Not even a hair.

But what a coincidence...

They have very good luck with a tube.

Because just this morning.

They found out that Ma Jiao's aunt was here.

This is a physiological phenomenon that every girl cannot avoid.

And after Ma Jiao left the women's restroom.

One tube went straight into the school girls' toilet.

He snatched the blood-stained sanitary napkin from the trash can...

...

All I can say is that he has been trained by Jiugong Xiushi since childhood and has been with him for a long time. They are comparable to the veteran Sun Island Mahjong trio.

It's really neat and tidy to do things.

And. Not afraid of hardships...

After having this information from Ma Jiao.

The story line in Wang Ling's mind began to become clearer.

Everything was just as he thought.

Ma Jiao is related to Zhai Xing Group.

As for the "human-ghost combination technology" that Zhai Xing Group has been experimenting with, Ma Jiao was the first subject to be used as an experiment by Akano Sekitora.

After all, Jiugong Xinghui is the daughter of his original wife. With completely different levels of emphasis...Akano Sekitora took his private illegitimate daughter Ma Jiao. as the first experimental subject.

Tiger poison does not eat its seeds.

Such evil deeds are horrifying to hear.

And now. Wang Ling finally discovered the reason why Ma Jiao became so crazy.

The source of it all and sin.

It all started with Akano Sekitora of Zhai Xing Group.

Thinking of this. Wang Ling already knows it in his mind.

Last night, after he sent his avatar to cause trouble in the Golden City of Zhai Xing Group, Akano Sekitora and the silver-skinned king disappeared.

Wang Ling judged that the other party should have been protected by Peng Xiren.

I am afraid that all three of them are now hiding in the space covered by the power of the black stone, "fighting the landlord"...

The situation now seems to be stable again.

However, Wang Ling feels that it will not last long.

Peng Xiren would not have the patience to wait for too long.

This is a ferocious snake that lurks in the dark.

Once the other party feels that it is a suitable opportunity to take action, they will definitely not miss it.

And what Wang Ling needs to do now.

Just wait.

as well as.

Create opportunities for them to think they can take action and win...

However, there is only one chance to lure the snake out of its hole.

Because next time, if I use the same method to deceive again, I’m afraid it won’t be that easy.

At this time.

Wang Ling already has a winning strategy in mind.

This time.

Once Peng Xiren emerges.

He will definitely capture Peng Xiren and the mysterious black stone.

one person.

One stone.

He wants them all.

...

Time: Wednesday, December 16. 1:30 pm.

After parting ways with Yitong. Wang Ling returned to Jiudaohe High School.

Before leaving, he warned him to return to his natural state. Even if Jiugong Xiushi asked him to do something to him, he should not disobey Jiugong Xiushi.

Wang Ling will make everything happen by accident. Even if Jiugong Xiushi blames him, he cannot blame several people.

In other words, there are now one tube, two tubes and three tubes. These three people are closest to Jiugong Xiushi.

Now they are all chess pieces that Wang Ling can call.

This will play a key factor in Sun Rong's plan to disguise Jiugong Liangzi.

After returning to Class S where he was.

Wang Ling found that Class S seems to have become a lot more "harmony" today.

"Houlang Sang. If you don't understand anything, you can ask me."

"..."

"Houlang Sang? Are you thirsty? I'll buy you a drink. You can drink whatever you want."

"..."

"Ah! Houlang Sang. You can come with Rong Jiang when you go abroad this time. Don't you have a particularly good relationship with her?"

"..."

"Houlang Sang. Rong Jiang said you are stronger than her? Rong Jiang must be joking, right? You are so soft and cute. Just like a slime. Are you really that strong?"

"..."

I don’t know if it’s because of Sun Rong’s showdown and reconciliation with Akano Jisaki.

Many people saw that the relationship between Sun Rong and Jisaki had become better. The originally tense atmosphere suddenly changed.

And there are always people asking Wang Ling some weird questions...

Wang Ling secretly screamed for the truth.

At the same time, I also paid some attention to classmate Ma Jiao.

Just like before, Ma Jiao still looked like it had nothing to do with her.

When school was over that day, Jisaki, the student council president, officially announced the news.

It is said that they are planning to hold a closed-door cultivator martial arts meeting within Jiudaohe High School.

The reason why we chose to close the door is actually the result of Jisaki fully combining the meaning of Sun Rong after putting forward his opinions.

Because the ranking of Sun Island high school students was hacked last night.

As a result, the data has not yet been recovered.

Everyone's ID in the entire ranking is called Houlang...

Therefore, the student unions of major high schools on Sun Island decided to hold closed-door martial arts meetings in their own high schools.

Choose the five most powerful representatives.

The five-member delegation will directly represent the school to participate in the group stage.

Students are selected from 100 high schools and finally ranked based on the overall score in the competition.

Likewise. All processes are behind closed doors.

Except for the participants, the entire competition is private. Filming and live broadcasting are also prohibited.

Almost all colleges and universities expressed unanimous support for choosing a "closed-door" competition this time...

This makes Wang Ling feel incredible.

You know, most of today's young people are the pushy type...

Later I found out.

Wang Ling only knew.

It turns out that there will be a larger, world-wide high school cultivator open competition held behind Sun Island...

Many colleges and universities agreed to this closed-door challenge in order to conceal their tactics in advance.

It’s not public anyway. Video recording of the whole process is prohibited.

Even if the tactics are used in advance, they will not be disseminated for people to study.

And the key is that it won't be too embarrassing if you lose...

There are benefits to being behind closed doors.

At least psychologically. There's not that much pressure.

When school was over, Jisaki placed an invitation letter on the Wang Ling table.

Wang Ling raised his head and looked at Jisaki with confusion.

Jisaki smiled and said: "Even if it is temporary, Houlang Sang is now a member of our Jiudaohe! I sincerely hope that Houlang Sang can also participate in this event! Although we don't spend much time together, I have a hunch that we can become good friends. Friends?"

"..."

"And everyone is very interested in Houlang Sang. I also hope that Houlang Sang can pass this closed-door competition and show everyone his real skills."

Wang Ling was silent for a moment.

Eventually.

I accepted the invitation anyway.

Since it's a closed-door match...

It doesn't hurt to participate.

As for whether or not to show your true skills...

Wang Ling thinks it’s better to skip it.





Chapter 1524 Jiudaohe closed-door match


In the dormitory building of S District. Wang Ling.

Wang Ming, Zhai Yin, Sun Rong and Wang Ling.

Four people, facing each other, sitting on the edge of the bed.

They are discussing Wang Ling's participation in a closed-door meeting.

Wang Ming frowned and felt uncomfortable. He still felt that this matter was too risky: "No. I still don't agree with you participating in the closed-door match. Even if it is a closed-door match, the current situation is still very dangerous."

"Just let the classmate Wang Ling do the swimming, right? If you don't participate now, it will look very suspicious. And maybe, you won't be able to complete the task assigned to us by Liangzi..."Sun Rong said.

She also has her own thoughts.

"I completely understand what Miss Rong means. But now is really not the time."

Wang Ming sighed: "Talisman's effectiveness naturally weakens over time. It has been almost half a year since I replaced Ling Ling at the last Spirit Sword Exchange Meeting with a new Talisman. Judging from the current strength. . Talisman is obviously much weaker than in the past."

"Generally, a new Talisman can last for 2-3 years. Now I'm afraid it has to be replaced every year. If you participate in competitions, even behind closed doors like this, it will cause a lot of wear and tear on the Talisman."

There was obvious helplessness in Wang Ming's tone.

There is nothing we can do.

He is also thinking about the whole earth and even the whole universe.

If the young man in front of him, his dearest brother... loses control completely, the energy erupting from his body may be no less than the Big Bang.

How could he let this happen?

"There should be other ways..." Sun Rong's eyes were slightly hopeful.

"Yes, yes. But..."

Wang Ming is actually not good at lying. Especially when he sees his "brothers and sisters" looking at him like this. He cannot lie to the girl directly.

"Is there any way you can stop hiding it? I'm so worried right now." Zhai Yin nudged Wang Ming with her elbow.

Just a moment.

Wang Ming felt that his status had plummeted.

None of them listened to advice!

He frowned: "Unless... put up another Talisman... Since Talisman's power has weakened now. Put up another one. This is the best way."

"Then what are you still doing? Hurry up and do it!" Zhai Yin looked at Wang Ming.

"No, Yinzi...this is Talisman. It's not about laying eggs. You can just lay eggs if you ask. How is this possible?"

Wang Ming couldn't laugh or cry: "I will develop the latest version of the [complete] sealed Talisman myself. It takes a week to make one. The technical content is very high. Ordinary people can't do it at all. And... this method It's risky."

"What's the risk?"

"The Talisman on Ling Ling is like a suppressive drug. If you use it too much, you will develop drug resistance. This is why the effectiveness of Talisman is decreasing year by year even after the upgraded version."

Wang Ming said: "The current substances in Talisman that can produce sealing effects are no longer enough for Ling Ling. We must find more powerful substitutes."

"So the current situation. Before a stronger Talisman is developed, in principle it is better to save what you can. It is safer not to abuse it."

This is what Wang Ming is most worried about.

Now. A [Complete Form] seals Talisman. It takes a week to develop.

In other words, if Wang Ling's resistance reaches the point where he will need to replace a Talisman within a week...by then he may not have time to make it at all.

Here, Wang Ming is looking confused.

At this moment, Wang Ling raised his eyes and looked at him very calmly. He said, "Before graduation. Okay."

This was the promise Wang Ming made when we were at the Jiugong family residence.

He still remembers.

This man swore that he would find a perfect solution before graduation.

"That's what I said..." Wang Ming reached out and dug at his cheek.

"I always. Believe in you."

Wang LingVoice transmission.

A voice that sounded directly in Wang Ming's mind.

This immediately gave Wang Ming a great encouragement.

This is a feeling of being trusted.

As a scientist dedicated to researching new cultivation technology.

Wang Ming suddenly felt that the moment he was trusted by his younger brother was the proudest moment in his life.

Immediately, he laughed helplessly: "Okay. There's really nothing I can do about you..."

"But is it still too late to do Talisman now? Didn't you say it would take a week?" At this time, Zhai Yin asked a crucial question.

"It's true that it takes a week to seal Talisman in the [Complete Body]. But if it's the [Incomplete Body], it won't take that long... At this time, it's up to you to do whatever you need."

Wang Ming made a simple calculation.

Jiudaohe's closed-door match starts at noon tomorrow.

Before noon, he could probably make about 100 pictures of incomplete Talisman.

And 100 of them. It's about a seventh of the full size.

The key is that it's still fragile...

Maybe when Wang Ling competes, these incomplete Talisman bodies will be like setting off firecrackers...

However, the sealing effect is still there.

It can make Wang Ling's current strength state more stable.

"There is no other way now. It is better than nothing. Just do your best..." At this time, Wang Ming sighed.

He stared at Wang Ling. There was a bit of helplessness and love in his eyes.

Wang Ling chose to participate in the competition this time. This was actually something Wang Ming did not expect.

Number 60 High School is not a prestigious school.

However, since joining Number 60 High School, Wang Ming found that Wang Ling's boring temperament was gradually opening up.

I am no longer as isolated as I used to be.

At this time. Wang Ling wants to propose to participate.

What can he, the older brother, do?

He hopes that Wang Ling can live more freely and happily.

However, judging from Wang Ling's expression...

Maybe he himself wouldn’t understand why his body was out of control at that time. Should he reach out to accept Jisaki’s invitation to the closed-door match?

Maybe this is a secret desire deep in the heart.

prompting an honest response from the body...

But because of the existence of the sealed Talisman.

Wang Ling has been deprived of the emotions he should have when facing various things since he was a child.

Here. Just when Wang Ming felt distressed for Wang Ling.

He saw the back page of the invitation on the table...

There is actually a back page?

Wang Ming raised his eyebrows.

When he discovered that the rewards for this Jiudaohe closed-door competition included a snack gift pack, and the snack gift pack contained Sun Island limited dry noodles as a reward...

Wang Ming suddenly felt that he seemed to understand something.

really...

Or is he too naive?

...

Thursday, December 17th.

Before the noon closed-door match at Jiudaohe High School started. Wang Ling was posting incomplete versions of the sealed Talisman created by Wang Ming in the dormitory.

In order to make it easier to post, Talisman is currently designed like a band-aid. Just tear off the plastic paper and press it directly on your body.

Wang Ling looked in the mirror. Looking at the dog skin plaster all over his body, he fell into deep thought.

Then I put on the Number 60 High School uniform.

The school uniform is very spacious. It is enough to hide all these Talisman without leaving a trace.

Oh yes...

Wang Ling Before applying Talisman, he used a technique called hair removal to remove all the hair on his body which was not much.

Maybe many people have had this experience.

If you don't want to remove the hair, just tear off the "dog skin plaster" on your body. When the time comes, tear it off along with the hair. It feels so sour and refreshing.

Therefore, it is actually necessary to use {hair removal}.

When these 99 "incomplete seals of Talisman" are attached to the body.

Wang Ling really feels that the sealing effect has been strengthened. I feel that I am now more comfortable when exerting force. I don’t have to worry about blowing up these Foundation Building students by blowing lightly.

When he came to class in the morning, Wang Ling heard Jisaki greet him warmly: "Houlang Sang! Good morning!"

"eh..."Wang Ling responded gently. Nodding to show politeness.

"Eh? There's a competition today. Didn't Houlang Sang have a rest last night?" Jisaki frowned.

Wang Ling: "?"

"Because I can obviously feel that the aura on Houlang Sang's body seems to be much weaker than yesterday."

Speaking of which, Jisaki sighed: "It's my fault. Jisaki sighed: "It's my fault. I should have warned Houlang-san earlier. I should've warned Houlang about this before the game... What's the saying. A young boy cannot know the value of a penis. When you're old and you're no longer a shooter, you'll cry in vain."

Wang Ling: "???"

These words made Wang Ling fall into silence.

Before he could fully react, he followed Jisaki's rhythm.

The students in Class S began to show a new round of concern for him.

"Houlang-san! I heard you didn't rest well last night. Do you need the 66-flavored Dihuang pills to replenish your body?"

"..."

"Houlang Sang. It doesn't actually matter. It doesn't matter if you lose the game. As girls, we just need to cheer quietly together! Oh no. You don't seem to be a girl. But look at how good your skin is. Better than girls!"

"..."

"Do you want a bed, Houlang Sang? I'll move one for you now?"

"?"

Wang Ling suddenly realized that the wind direction in Class S was getting more and more wrong.

In the corridor, Jisaki looked at the students in the class communicating enthusiastically with Wang Ling. He couldn't help but nodded with satisfaction.

He started to notice Wang Ling after Sun Rong had a showdown with him.

This seemingly ordinary boy is known as the mascot of Number 60 High School.

Beneath the harmless appearance, there is actually something very unusual in Jisaki's eyes.

Although Sun Rong didn't tell him explicitly, Jisaki actually felt it.

Whether it was his pioneering work in the cafeteria or his emergence in the first period of Class S...Sun Rong was all for the young man in front of him.

Houlang Sang...

What is it about you that deeply attracts Miss Rong?

With such curiosity, Jisaki began to let go of all his pride and prejudice and understand this.

And gradually, he really discovered what was different about Wang Ling.

This is a young man who doesn't care about worldly affairs and looks extremely low-key.

If you use flowers to describe it.

He felt that Wang Ling was like a begonia flower.

Simple, generous, beautiful but unassuming...

Suddenly, Jisaki realized the qualities he had been lacking.

He felt that he could learn more from Wang Ling to make himself better.

And with such curiosity.

Jisaki started to go online to learn more about Wang Ling...

Until I saw the essay written by Wang Ling at the Jiulong Mountain Physical Arts Conference.

"A grain of ashes in the times..." Jisaki read the golden sentence in the article.

In an instant, I was deeply attracted by Wang Ling's talent.

So, until today, the moment before the game started.

Jisaki made an important decision!

He wants to--Join Gray Cult!

Become Wang Ling’s number one fan abroad!

...

On the other side. In the infinite galaxy. In a mysterious celestial body like a black hole.

It is a new celestial body formed by the power of black rocks swallowing black holes. Peng Xiren calls it "Star Eater".

At this moment, Peng Xiren is in the Devouring Star. His combat power is suppressed and he is unable to exert his full strength.

But it can still monitor external things through the power of stars in the universe.

Every star is like a satellite to Peng Xiren. It can help Peng Xiren remotely transmit a special signal to the earth.

In order to achieve the purpose of monitoring Wang Ling.

Ever since they were plotted by Wang Ling, causing the Infinite Galaxy seal to explode, Peng Xiren took Fenmu Shen, the owner of the evil eye, to hide here for recuperation.

The injury has almost recovered.

But now is still not the best time to take action.

Peng Xiren cast his gaze into the distance.

Akano Sekitora and the Silverskin King were also taken into the Star Eater by him at this time.

The two of them are in a deep sleep. They are taking medicine to rest and speed up their recovery from their injuries.

"This level is not as good as when I was in my heyday...the plan of the Sky Tomb needs to be prepared in advance." In the darkness, Fenmu Shen opened his eyes.

"I know."

Peng Xiren nodded: "But now. It's not the best time..."

The location of the Celestial Tomb. Peng Xiren has taken control of it.

But based on Peng Xiren's understanding of his master, there must have been many traps in the tomb that day.

Without sufficient assurance, they would never set foot there.

The reason why Fenmu Shen is called Fenmu Shen is because Dao Ancestor Wang was so surprised by its power that he split Fenmu Shen into two halves.

Half of them are in the sealed area.

And the other half is in the sky tomb.

Now Fenmu Shen has not yet integrated the other half of the power in the Sky Tomb. He already has 90% of the combat power of his heyday.

If they are all integrated, its combat power can be imagined.

By that time, even Wang Ling...may not be able to stop it, right?

While Peng Xiren was thinking deeply.

At this time, his eyebrows suddenly moved: "No...how could..."

Fenmu Shen: "Eh? What's going on?"

Peng Xiren laughed loudly: "It won't be wrong! It won't be wrong!!! I always said before that the time is not enough! But just now, I found that the time has come!"

Fenmu Shen: "What the hell is going on?"

"In this world, there really is no one who can always remain strong."

Peng Xiren sneered and said: "Although I don't know what happened specifically. But now I find... that Wang Ling's aura has dropped a lot! Maybe he is in some period of weakness? I think. We The opportunity has come to take action..."





Chapter 1525 Take advantage of his illness! Kill him!


Wang Ling's aura becomes weaker.

For Peng Xiren and Fenmu Shen inside, this is the perfect opportunity to take action.

As the first true disciple of Dao Ancestor Wang, he accepted the teachings of Dao Ancestor Wang and learned the most orthodox cultivation knowledge in the universe.

Years of study experience told him that everything in the world has a law of conservation.

No one is powerful without reason.

And. It can continue to be strong forever...

Therefore, Peng Xiren felt that he had seized this unique opportunity.

Take advantage of his illness and kill him!

Is there anything more wonderful than this in this world?

As long as Wang Ling dies.

Peng Xiren is convinced that no one else in this world can organize himself...

"So. Are you going to take action?"

At this time, Fenmu Shen opened her eyes slightly.

"Yes. The opportunity is now before us. I don't know what happened to him. But he has become weaker than before."

Peng Xiren nodded. He said, "Earlier. His normal punch could produce the power of a hundred cores. Now, he is so weak that he can only hit ten cores."

"Nucleus". "Core" for short.

This is the unit of measurement of combat power after the ancestral realm.

With the power of 1 core, it can easily destroy the planet and kill anyone in the ancestral realm.

Dao God. They are all just ants.

Peng Xiren is currently an ancestor level master. He has the strength of Dao Ancestor.

Just counting. The combat power of a normal strike is about 50-60 cores.

After he fought Wang Ling last time, it was determined that Wang Ling has the power of 100 cores.

Such a gap scares Peng Xiren.

But now...

Wang Ling's breath became weaker. Peng Xiren no longer felt scared.

In fact, he didn't expect it at all.

Wang Ling's punch. Not only was it not serious, but it was also punched while being sealed.

Therefore, he seriously underestimated the true combat power of Wang Ling.

This is an information asymmetry...

But for Wang Ling, it’s all the same.

This time, the reason why Wang Ling chose to participate in the closed-door competition was not just for the sake of instant noodles. It was also for the prize money of the competition.

At the same time, he has arrived. If he insists on participating in the competition.

Wang Ming will definitely put many seals on Talisman like this repeatedly to suppress his overall combat power.

Under the influence of so many [Incomplete Versions of Sealed Talisman], Wang Ling's aura became weaker. In fact, it was also one of the effects of Talisman's suppression.

And after the breath weakened...

Wang Ling Judgment. Peng Xiren must be taking action.

That's right.

Everything is actually calculated by Wang Ling.

This wave. It looks like Wang Ling is on the first floor.

The operation is actually on the second level.

But the real core...

Actually it's on the 1,000th floor.

...

Before noon, the martial arts hall of Jiudaohe High School became the main venue for this closed-door meeting.

The Budokan is not very big. It is about the size of two basketball courts.

There are audience seats nearby.

All the audiences this time are high-quality audiences who have been strictly screened by the student union of Jiudaohe High School. They are all students within Jiudaohe.

And everyone goes through a series of checks before entering.

Make sure that no one carries modern technological equipment or magic weapons that can record images and sounds.

Since it is a closed-door meeting, zero transmission must be achieved.

Every link is personally participated and strictly controlled by Jisaki.

Everything is to better fulfill the request Sun Rong made to him.

"Everything is ready. Is Rong Jiang satisfied?" Before the Closed Door Match begins. Jisaki was standing in the central control room of the martial arts hall, looking at the surveillance screen in front of him.

And Sun Rong and Wang Ming. Just next to Jisaki.

Wang Ming is here to provide technical support.

If there are people at the scene who are carrying equipment privately and slip through the net, Wang Ming can easily catch it with his own means.

"It's all thanks to you, Brother Ji." Sun Rong smiled politely.

"You're welcome." Jisaki touched his head sheepishly: "But, Rong Jiang, are you sure you don't want to participate? In fact, we are all looking forward to seeing Rong Jiang's heroic appearance."

"As long as classmate Wang Ling can participate," Sun Rong said with a smile.

Not participating in the competition. Sun Rong also has its own considerations.

In fact, she didn't want to face Wang Ling in the subsequent games.

Secondly, there is no need for her to participate in the competition.

Sun Rong is clear. Wang Ling entered the contest. Part of the reason was for the prize money.

That was used by Wang Ling to buy a gift for Ah Nuan.

Therefore, the girl naturally had only support.

Wang Ling is a good brother.

You can think about your sister even before she is born.

Sometimes when I think about it carefully, Sun Rong suddenly realizes that I am quite jealous of Wang Nuan.

But she also knew that such jealousy was actually very childish.

A brother is good to his sister. Isn’t that what he should do?

Perhaps everyone has dreamed of having an older brother who is extremely kind to them.

The topic of Brother Guoqian is also a hot search almost every year, triggering heated discussions among everyone.

Once. Sun Rong also thought about it.

It would be nice if I could recognize Wang Ling as my older brother...

But now.

She had completely forgotten the idea.

Because she discovered that her "ambition" was greater than she imagined.

Just last night.

She also dreamed about going camping in the wild with Wang Ling.

In the dream, she was sleeping in a sleeping bag. In order to see her sleeping face clearly, the boy kept turning her body like a pot sticker and pointed her sleeping face in the direction of the boy.

This is an unspeakable dream.

Sun Rong even felt the young man's presence close at hand. And those clear eyes...

She reached out her hand from the sleeping bag and wanted to touch the boy's face.

But I haven't touched it yet.

The person has already woken up.

"I don't know what Rong Jiang is thinking. But if you sign up for the competition now, it's actually not too late." At this time, Jisaki smiled and said.

These words settled the girl's thoughts.

Sun Rong blushed slightly and nodded: "Well..."

...

In a few minutes, the closed-door match is about to begin.

This time, in Jiudaohe High School, almost all the students from Class S came, plus some students from Class A. There were 62 people in total.

The players' waiting room. Wang Ling is sitting on an armchair and resting. He seems to be in good condition.

Sun Rong, Jisaki, and Wang Ming watched everything in the monitoring room.

They are God's perspective.

Can see the overall picture very clearly.

At this time, Wang Ling was waiting for the game to start. A group of girls suddenly gathered around.

"You must be Houlang Sang! You have been in President Jisaki's class! You disappear every time after class. I can't find you! Now I finally found Zhenren!"

"Ah! Houlang Sang is cuter than I thought. I'm embarrassed to play against him. What if I get drawn to play against him?"

...

The unexpected scene made Jisaki couldn't help but smile: "Sure enough, Houlang Sang is very popular."

He was about to see Sun Rong's reaction. But he found that the girl who was standing next to him had disappeared.

When he came to his senses, a girl's figure had reappeared in the scene of the contestant waiting room...

Under the astonished eyes of everyone.

Many people in the waiting room exclaimed.

This...

Isn’t this classmate Jiugong Liangzi?

Shouldn't she study abroad in China?

Why did you come back suddenly?





Chapter 1526 The Empress of the Palace


The disguise plan was not planned at this time. But Sun Rong had to admit it.

The moment she saw a group of girls surrounding Wang Ling, she couldn't help it.

We originally agreed not to participate in the competition...now...it's no longer possible not to participate...

Anyway, it's not my true identity.

If you participate, nothing will happen, right?

If we lose the game in the end, it won't be too embarrassing.

Because the loser is Jiugong Liangzi. What does it have to do with her Sun Rong?

Sun Rong thought so in his heart.

She felt that this should be regarded as extra compensation paid to herself by Jiugong Liangzi.

And in itself, there is such a clause in her verbal agreement with Jiugong Liangzi... If there is an emergency, she can act according to the situation without damaging Jiugong Liangzi's reputation.

Then here comes the problem.

In this closed-door competition, what kind of ranking should she achieve so as to not damage her reputation?

Sun Rong feels that winning the semi-finals should be enough.

At Jiugong Liangzi's level, it's not even Golden Core.

Even reaching the quarterfinals may be difficult.

Entering the semi-finals. That is an extraordinary performance!

Sun Rong feels that Jiugong Liangzi should thank himself.

When she saw Sun Rong, she went straight to kill her.

In the monitoring room. Wang Ming, who immediately recognized Sun Rong, was also holding his forehead.

He knew this would happen...

So. What is this?

Intimidation from the younger brother and sister-in-law, the "Main Palace Empress"?

Wang Ming smiled bitterly in his heart.

He was thinking about how to explain what was happening to the confused Jisaki.

As a result, Jisaki seemed to react after being stunned for a while: "Why do I feel that classmate Jiugong is a bit weird? He doesn't seem to be classmate Jiugong... In terms of temperament, he looks a bit like Rong Jiang."

Wang Ming laughed out loud: "You are a sensible person. Classmate Jiucai."

"My name is Jisaki! Only people who are familiar with me can call me Jiucai!" Jisaki frowned and seemed to mind.

"Okay. Jisaki-san." Wang Ming spread his hands indifferently.

He decided to tell Jisaki. It was actually after careful consideration.

Because according to his judgment.

Jisaki is a good person.

It will not pose a substantial threat.

And there is Jisaki, who is related to the Jiugong family and the Zhai Xing Group.

The subsequent disguise plan may go more smoothly.

"Why did Rong Jiang pretend to be Jiugong Liangzi's classmate?" At this time, Jisaki stared at the screen, frowning in confusion.

It's a long story.

Because it would take a long time to explain, Wang Ming decided to use brain waves to transmit directly to Jisaki.

After understanding the whole story, the expression on Jisaki's face gradually changed from confusion to shock: "What! A clan fight within the Jiugong family?"

"You shout louder. The whole world will hear it." Wang Ming said with a smile.

Fortunately, he had already reached this point and used a magnetic shield to wrap up the central control room.

At this time, Jisaki's face looked complicated and entangled.

In fact, he never expected that Mr. Wang Xiaoer would tell him so many things...

And he never thought that after marrying into the Jiugong family, his aunt Akano Hoshiki was actually trying to do something detrimental to the Jiugong family.

"Sorry..." Jisaki took the initiative to bow to Wang Ming.

"Why apologize?"

"I just think that my aunt's behavior has caused you trouble."

"No. Jiucai-san."

Wang Ming smiled and said: "Maybe your aunt is not a bad person herself. She is just possessed by a ghost and lost her mind. Just like the vice president Ma Jiao next to you. They are just pawns of Akano Sekitora. "

What he called was Jiucai.

Only this time. Jisaki didn't reject it.

Because now Jisaki already knows the relationship between Wang Ming and Sun Rong. Extraordinary...

Otherwise, it would be impossible to know so many things.

And now, Jisaki also realizes it.

This time I came to Sun Island. These people from Number 60 High School turned out to be carefully selected!

"Why are you telling me this?" Jisaki asked at this time.

"I just think Jiucai you are a sensible person. Since Rongrong regards you as a friend, then I can't count you as an outsider. Besides, we don't have many friends on Sun Island." Wang Ming listened to this. It's an understatement. But it's actually touching the heart.

Jisaki is actually a very emotional person.

When he heard this, he was so moved that his nose hurt: "So, what is the relationship between you and Rong Jiang?"

"She's my, Future relative."

Wang Ming said with a straight face, "Also my, Everlasting sister."

"So that's it. That's great..."

Hearing this, Jisaki breathed a sigh of relief.

Wang Ming smiled: "You wouldn't think that the person Rongrong likes is me, right?"

"Yes! After all, you know so much about Rong Jiang!"

Jisaki laughed and cried: "I almost thought I misunderstood! I've heard it before. Rong Jiang likes a student named Wang. And you and your Houlang Sang both have Wang in common. So that's why... Hahahahaha!"

"..."

Wang Ming thinks that Jisaki's idea is quite good.

"So. What do you need me to do?" Jisaki said.

"You don't need to do anything extra. You just need to cooperate with us to confirm Rongrong's current false identity." Wang Ming said.

"Understood." Jisaki nodded quickly.

...

In the waiting room for the contestants. With the sudden appearance of Sun Rong disguised as Jiugong Liangzi. The looks on many people's faces were horified.

And I don’t know why. Especially the girls at the scene can feel a chill behind them.

It was just a moment. The waiting room was completely silent.

Sun Rong imitated the way Jiugong Liangzi walked. Step by step, he walked in the direction of Wang Ling.

This black swan pace of disowning relatives is exactly the charm of Jiugong Liangzi. The essence of Sun Rong's performance.

If Wang Ling hadn't known very clearly who the person in front of him was, he would have been deceived by the girl's superb acting skills.

He actually felt it a long time ago.

Sun Rong is actually talented in acting.

And that face would definitely be very popular in the entertainment industry, right?

In addition, the girl's previously pushy personality...the entertainment industry seems to be a testing ground specially customized for girls.

It’s just that Wang Ling doesn’t know why.

Recently Sun Rong has not only become much more low-key, but is also considered by him in everything.

"Classmate Liangzi? How did you..." Several girls surrounding Wang Ling trembled.

Sun Rong followed Jiugong Liangzi's example and walked over, that kind of disdainful eyes of a young lady, as if revealing a warning, looking at several people: "You several people, please stay away from Houlang Sang. Because ... he belongs to me, Jiugong Liangzi!"

"..."

After listening to Wang Ling, I was so scared that I dropped my phone.





Chapter 1527 Houlang Sang’s Strength


The domineering declaration of sovereignty makes many girls here intimidated.

Although Jiugong Liangzi's realm is not as high as Golden Core, it is hampered by the Jiugong family's amazing power in Sun Island.

Even though these girls were displeased with such overbearing words, they dared not speak out in anger.

They were holding their breath and could only disperse one after another.

In the end, only one of the girls around Wang Ling was left.

At first glance, he seems to be quite stubborn.

"Jiugong, don't you think this is too overbearing?" The girl in Sword uniform said. She was barefoot and had a boxing bandage on her hands. She was the type who looked hard to mess with.

Fighting route?

Sun Rong smiled inwardly. But the expression on his face did not show it.

Because now she is Jiugong Liangzi. All the details must be imitated in place.

As for physical skills, Sun Rong actually has nothing to fear.

The girl in front of me looks strong.

But even without the blessing of Aohai's power. Sun Rong's own physical skills are not weak either.

"Hmph! Let's wait until the competition to see the real results. Classmate Matsushita Singha." Sun Rong said, imitating Jiugong Liangzi's tone.

That "hum" sound seemed to perfectly verify that this person was Jiugong Liangzi himself.

"Then we'll see." Matsushita Singha's chest heaved with anger.

She originally wanted to curse Jiugong Liangzi, a girl with small breasts.

But considering that this was in public and Houlang Sang was still there, it was really out of character to curse like that.

In fact, even Jisaki in the monitoring room was very surprised by this.

Jisaki: "It's strange. I remember that Rong Jiang's should be bigger than Jiugong's...Jiugong is a complete airport. But now Rong Jiang who is pretending to be Jiugong is also..."

"This is because I used the spray I developed." Wang Ming said.

"Spray?"

"The full name is: So Cute Must Be a Blue Spray. The short name is: This is a Blue Spray."

Wang Ming said: "After using it, you can achieve the purpose of temporarily slimming and reducing breasts."

"That's it." Jisaki nodded in confusion.

And he suddenly felt that the Mr. Wang Xiaoer in front of him was indeed a genius.

It seems like he can do everything...

"It seems that this disguise plan is really well prepared." At this time, Jisaki sighed.

However, he still vaguely felt that there was some small problem.

For example, at this time in the venue, there was a person whose eyes always fell on Sun Rong who was disguised as Jiugong Liangzi.

"It seems that classmate Ma Jiao is not having a good time..." Jisaki said worriedly.

"Don't worry about that."

Wang Ming hehe: "The moment I saw Rongrong pretending to be Liangzi's classmate, I had already completed all the information. Jiugong Liangzi's entry and exit information, as well as student status information, etc. All of them have been temporarily moved back."

"But classmate Ma Jiao is very dangerous now. And she clearly saw it. But she deliberately didn't tell her. I'm afraid there is a hidden plan behind it."

"Don't worry Jiucai. It doesn't matter. She can't beat Rongrong."

"Rong Jiang doesn't only have the Foundation Building? Even if he can unleash the power of the Golden Core..."

"It's only the Foundation Building. But..."

Wang Ming smiled and said, "You will know later."

Ma Jiao thought that what he was dealing with was just a Foundation Building stage whose combat power was comparable to that of the Golden Core.

But in fact...

The woman she faced was the strongest Foundation Building on earth that could even be chopped down by Dao God with one sword.

...

The competition adopts the group system of drawing lots.

Divided into groups of two duels. The artificial intelligence system will conduct a comprehensive score based on the actual situation in the duel.

However, due to the sudden addition of Sun Rong, the number of participants became an odd number.

When pairwise grouping cannot be achieved.

Among the 63 people, 62 people will be given priority and divided into two groups to compete.

The winner is directly qualified for the next round.

The eliminated ones will automatically enter the loser group.

Finally, according to the comprehensive score of the system, the person with the highest points in the loser group will get the right to be resurrected and fight with the final 63rd person.

That is to say.

First round format.

It is a 31+1 competition format. In the end, 32 people will be selected to advance to the second round.

After 31 people advance first, the one with the highest points will be selected from the remaining 31 people in the loser group to compete with the last person.

As for who competes first and who competes last.

This is also determined by automatic drawing of lots by the system.

Theoretically, people who are better than others have a natural advantage.

Because the games are all held in one day.

Although the first place in the loser group has the privilege of resurrection, he still consumes his physical energy to a certain extent.

In other words, the only person who draws the "delayed lottery" will gain a certain advantage.

And Wang Ling always had a bad feeling after hearing about the competition system...

Lottery session.

On the public screen in the candidate room, the system randomly groups the 63 participants.

Soon, a tree diagram of the duel was clearly laid out in front of everyone's eyes.

And at the end of the tree diagram.

Everyone saw the name of the person who got the delayed lottery...

Wang Houlang.

"Is that really the case?"

"As expected of the mascot of Number 60 High School! Houlang Sang is so lucky!"

Many contestants felt envious.

Although this is only the first round, those who sign late have an advantage.

It's almost impossible to get eliminated in the first round.

There is more than 80% probability of winning.

"Is there an 80% chance of winning?" At this time, in the waiting room, someone looked at the duel list and suddenly laughed.

This is a blue-haired boy. He is very short, but he has a good aura.

It is Lan Mao, the president of the Lanyan Club of the Rainbow Seven Sons Gang.

The person he drew was not someone else.

It was the Kongque man who had been following Jisaki and Ma Jiao.

Don't look at Kongque men like this.

But his strength is not bad. If the two of them compete, it will definitely be a lose-lose situation in the end.

This is actually very detrimental to entering the next round.

So Lan Mao thought of a way.

He took the initiative to pull Kongque aside to discuss countermeasures.

In the small corner, Kongque was a little surprised by Lan Mao's idea: "You mean, you want to join forces with me?"

"Yes. As a condition. I can let you pass the first round smoothly. But you have to let me earn enough points."

"If you are caught for match-fixing, you will be eliminated." Kongque frowned.

"Who said you were going to fake the match? We are just trying to score points." Lan Mao said, "When you turn around, you can just set fireballs for me remotely. I remember that points are calculated for dodging."

"A master of human body drawing..."

Kongque understood instantly. But he was still a little confused: "But why did you do that?"

"If the two of us fight to the death for the first round, the risk of entering the second round will be extremely high."

Lan Mao said: "In this case, why don't we put on a show? You will advance smoothly, and I can also deal with the mascot who is not that risky..."

Kongque was stunned.

He didn't expect that the president of the Lanyan Club would choose to take such a route in order to advance smoothly.

But since I have made up my mind to go this way.

Does it mean that Lan Mao has subconsciously labeled Houlang Sang as "very weak"?

Although Houlang Sang does have the title of mascot at Number 60 High School.

But Kongque always felt that Wang Ling might not be as weak as he thought.

"Don't worry, Kongque. I heard that Houlang Sang didn't have a good rest last night. His breath is very weak today. I'm confident enough to win against him."

At this time, Lan Mao smiled confidently: "As long as you help me, it will be fine. And in this way, both of us can save enough energy for the next round, right?"

Kongque thought for a moment.

Finally. He nodded.

Because this matter is not too bad for him anyway.

After all, you are guaranteed to advance to the next round.

It’s just that Lan Mao chose this roundabout way to enter the next round.

He still felt puzzled.

This was obviously a decision made because he was confident that he could beat Houlang Sang.

But what if... what if we lose?

...

Although the venue is not big, the competition can be completed today.

Two venues. Two fields. There are artificial intelligence referee balls suspended in the air to monitor and evaluate the game in all aspects.

Including the final system comprehensive score. It is also all scored by the referee.

At the same time, during the duel, the game screen will be simultaneously projected into the waiting room.

So far. Wang Ling has not played against foreign students.

The teaching styles of cultivators from various countries are very different. Therefore, many of them have their own characteristics and even originality in combat.

For example, the cultivators on Sun Island. In their teaching from childhood to adulthood, they often implant some ideas from the ACG industry into their spells...

Convert some things seen in anime into real spells.

This is also an eye-opener for Wang Ling.

For example, on the public screen in the candidate room, the battle between the two sides is going on fiercely.

Wang Ling always feels like I’m watching anime.

The fast strikes with shadowy punches, counterattacks, and all kinds of gorgeous and familiar fighting skills... Wang Ling all have a familiar feeling.

In the first round of the competition, Matsushita Singha, the classmate who challenged Sun Rong before. Although she was not directly drawn into a group with Sun Rong, the boy who faced her was beaten badly.

Because as soon as the show started, Matsushita Singha entered the three-tail mode!

He actually improved his combat power by tying himself into a ponytail!

In fact. This is a scalp acupuncture stimulation method!

When tying a ponytail, if it is tied tightly enough, the tightly bound hair roots can have an effect similar to that of a gold acupuncture point.

Accelerate the blood flow in the body, thereby making the spiritual power run faster than before.

However, practicing this technique requires strict training of the scalp from an early age.

Because the act of tying a ponytail actually damages the scalp.

If the scalp is not strong enough, you will often become bald as you practice.

"It's not over yet! Get up!" Matsushita Singha grabbed the boy's collar. His posture was full of firepower. It was intimidating.

Sun Rong's attitude towards herself before she was angry.

Isn’t she just the eldest lady? What’s so great about it!

Why do you say Houlang Sang is hers!

Wang Ling was puzzled by such behavior. But Wang Ming and Jisaki in the control room understood it very well.

This is a war between women...

An angry girl is often very scary.

In order to ensure the life safety of the boy playing against me.

In the end, Matsushita Singha's game was forced to stop.

On the other side, Sun Rong's game went relatively smoothly.

Looking at the girl who was beaten away like a scarecrow. Sun Rong originally wanted to step forward and help her.

But suddenly I thought that the person I was playing now was Jiugong Liangzi...

If it was just Jiugong, he probably wouldn't have walked over and helped him up.

She is trying to figure out Jiugong Liangzi's thinking.

After thinking about it, he cautiously took his steps forward and finally extended his hand to the girl: "Huh! I'm not here to help you! I'm just passing by!"

In the waiting room. Wang Ling couldn't help but clapped her hands gently.

This acting is so realistic...

...

There were 31 groups of games. It lasted about 10 hours in total.

Everything was as Lan Mao expected. By cooperating with Kongque to repeatedly score dodge points, Lan Mao's overall points became the first in the loser group.

When the words Lan Mao VS Wang Houlang are displayed on the public screen.

Wang Ling realized that it was time for him to appear.

"Come on Houlang Sang! You have an 80% winning rate! Don't let us down!"

"You can do it Houlang Sang!" Beat this blue guy! Because the dyed hair animation can't be aired! So you must defeat him!"

"President! For our Lanyan Club, you must hold on!"

At the scene, there were endless calls.

There are people cheering for Wang Ling. There are also members of the Lanyan Club who are especially cheering for Lan Mao.

Because Talisman's body is covered with seals. Wang Ling felt a sense of peace of mind for the first time.

He finally didn't have to worry about blowing someone's head off accidentally when fighting alone...

But in fact. Wang Ling has not completely relaxed.

After all, I have an incomplete version of Talisman on me. Maybe it will explode at some point. It will emit smoke like a firecracker...

He glanced lazily at Lan Mao in front of him. He felt that the other person's aura was pitifully weak.

But seeing Lan Mao looking so confident, Wang Ling couldn't say anything to attack him.

This is the first round. The last group is dueling.

Wang Ling and Lan Mao stood on the fighting stage.

He saw Lan Mao in front of him smiling at him: "Houlang Sang's luck is really good. He actually got the delayed lottery. But it's a pity. Your opponent is me. So you will lose this time."

Wang Ling shrugged and put his hands in his trouser pockets. He didn't care about Lan Mao's nonsense at all.

Lan Mao continued to smile: "Look at your calm look. You still have your hands in your trouser pockets. In fact, your palms are already sweating because of nervousness, right?"

"..."

"In fact, regardless of winning or losing, Houlang Sang can come to participate in the competition. In my opinion, it is a great courage."

"..."

"Our country's college student rankings. If you, a foreign student, were to be at the top, wouldn't it be too shameful?"

"..." Wang Ling continues to be silent.

Lan Mao's endless chatter did not irritate Wang Ling.

Wang Ling said it a long time ago.

Overconfidence. Just stupidity.

However, people like Lan Mao are also narrow-minded and narrow-minded because of the limitations of their realm...

Maybe in other people's eyes.

Lan Mao is a very strong Golden Core young genius.

But in Wang Ling's view, the Lan Mao in front of him is essentially a mortal.

As a mortal... of course you can't expect him to understand things beyond his own dimension of power.

How do you say something?

Don't look at how happy you are now.

Wang Ling makes a list with you.

In fact, Wang Ling itself has no desire to win or lose.

If it hadn't been for the triple kill plan to draw out Peng Xiren, get the prize money and the crispy noodles...

He wouldn't even enter the race.

"Is Houlang Sang ready?"

At this moment. Lan Mao showed a kind smile. Looking at Wang Ling.

Originally, in Lan Mao's eyes, this was just a game of abuse.

Since it's a game. You could even say it's a recreational game. So there's no need to be so tense.

After asking politely.

The next thing to greet Wang Ling is a move from Lan Mao called "Fa Lian Hua".

This is a very difficult physical skill.

The key point is to sprint over quickly with your body skills. Go around behind the enemy. Pick up the enemy suddenly and use your amazing jumping power to carry it into the sky. Then use your rapidly lengthening hair to wrap around the person!

Finally, a high-speed death spiral formed in the air and hit the ground!

This move is Lan Mao's most proficient in all physical skills.

In his opinion, it is more than enough to deal with Wang Ling.

Under the impact of such a spin in the air, the mascot of Number 60 High School would definitely be unable to bear it and faint!

His speed is extremely fast.

Almost in the blink of an eye, he was already behind Wang Ling!

"Ha!" Lan Mao shouted loudly. He used a strongman lock to lock Wang Ling's shoulders. He tried to use his own jumping power to take Wang Ling off the ground!

Yes!

{Fa Lianhua} The most important point is to take your opponent off the ground!

But now. Lan Mao found himself experiencing some technical difficulties...

He couldn't lift Wang Ling up at all!

"Fuck!" Lan Mao was so suppressed that his face turned red. At the same time, he couldn't help but cursed in his heart!

This Wang Houlang. He looks so weak! He is so thin! How can he weigh so much!

Many people in the waiting room also exclaimed.

"How could it be possible? Classmate Lan Mao can't even lift Houlang Sang! Fa Lian Hua failed before it even started?"

"I just said that Houlang Sang is extraordinary! He must have seen through this trick a long time ago, so he used the Thousand Jin Pendant!"

"No! Even if it's a thousand-jin drop, Houlang Sang is only in the Foundation Building stage after all. How could Lan Mao not be able to lift him?"

...

This is a very strange scene.

Everyone looked at the scene in front of them. The expressions on their faces were all at a loss.

At the same time, the person who was at a loss was Lan Mao himself.

Can't lift Wang Ling...

This was something he didn't expect.

I thought about how many people were staring at me in the waiting room.

His actions must be particularly embarrassing now. Lan Mao suddenly felt his face getting hot.

In the end, he had no choice but to give up his move of {{ID_00004}}. He used Wang Ling's unshakable body as a pedal. He kicked Wang Ling's back violently and stood in place with a handsome posture. Take off to hide your embarrassment.

It's a pity. What Lan Mao didn't expect was...

The next second. The backlash effect of Wang Ling has been transmitted...

There was a bang! The right foot that Lan Mao just kicked was fractured on the spot.

"..." Wang Ling is thankful.

Fortunately, Wang Ming added many seals to Talisman.

Otherwise, just with the strength of that kick, Lan Mao's lower body would be broken into pieces like shit.

After landing, Lan Mao realized that his right foot was broken. Not to mention how aggrieved he felt.

The key is that he was still holding back and didn't scream directly.

Between him and Wang Ling. It was the last match.

There were so many pairs of eyes watching in the waiting room. How dare he scream out in pain!

"Houlang Sang...you forced me to do this..." Lan Mao took a deep breath.

His chest heaved. He was a little angry.

In the eyes of Wang Ling, this is more like a kind of incompetent rage.

Because he lost the combat effectiveness of one leg, Lan Mao must find a new way to attack as soon as possible.

Then. Under the astonished eyes of everyone.

Lan Mao suddenly stood on his head and shouted loudly: "Start! Super transformation!"

The next moment, he used his hands instead of his feet and rushed towards Wang Ling.

He used his right foot in the air to continuously twist his ankle in the air and began to condense a ball-shaped object with high-density psychic energy.

Such a spiritual energy pill was originally rubbed out by hand.

But now the use of the hands has replaced the use of the feet. Lan Mao had no choice but to use this method.

As an outstanding practitioner of special spiritual roots with wind attribute spiritual roots.

Even under such circumstances, he can actually use his own spiritual root attributes. He thought of using his ankles instead of his wrists to quickly rotate and create such a spiritual pill with huge lethality and destructive power...

Such a fighting mentality made Wang Ling secretly surprised.

However, Lan Mao's speed is too slow.

Wang Ling concentrated his energy. He ducked sideways and avoided Lan Mao's attack.

It's not because he's afraid of pain.

Mainly because he was afraid of the backlash on his body, so he also disabled Lan Mao's other leg.

Lan Mao just kicked him with his right foot. Even in his safe mode with layers of seals, he still suffered a fracture.

And if this psychic ball hits him.

I'm afraid Lan Mao will have to live in a wheelchair for the rest of his life...

After all, it is just the first round of group matches within Jiudaohe.

Risking the rest of your life. Wang Ling doesn't think it's necessary.

However. The moment Wang Ling avoided it.

He could also feel the broken traces of the "Incomplete Seal of Talisman" on his body.

Wisps of smoke began to appear on Wang Ling.

Even when Wang Ling does nothing.

Still have Talisman broken...

This is?!

At that moment, Lan Mao looked at the smoldering Wang Ling with an unbelievable look. Lan Mao looked at the smoldering Wang Ling with an incredulous look: "Second... Second Stage?"

"It's... This can't be! It can't be!"

He practically roared. His face was stained red from the intense churning of blood.

The teenager in front of me...

He's not as weak as he thought he was.

The boy. It's like a very complicated math problem.

Now Lan Mao has finally found it...

It's a little out of the box for him. It's a bit of an overreach.

Wang Ling: "?"

He's obviously.

He didn't do anything.

What's the second stage of the goddamned thing?





Chapter 1528 Wang Ling style gentleness


Wang Ling thought that as long as he stayed still, the incomplete version of Talisman on his body would not be consumed.

As it turned out, it turned out that Wang Ling made the wrong payment after all.

Because the incomplete version of Talisman also has the effect of inhibiting the backlash effect.

In other words, even if you stand still, Talisman will still wear out due to the inhibitory backlash effect.

Under Lan Mao's repeated attacks, Wang Ling already had an incomplete version of Talisman that began to smoke.

He felt that he could no longer hesitate like this.

Defeat the opponent earlier. Maybe it can reduce the wear and tear on these one-time incomplete Talisman.

So.

The next second, Wang Ling's figure disappeared directly in front of Lan Mao.

He looked like a ghost. Lan Mao couldn't see Wang Ling's movements clearly.

"This...is this the second gear..." Lan Mao was frightened.

At the same time, he began to reflect on his arrogant behavior in his heart.

After all, he was too confident...

I underestimated Wang Ling. That led to today's situation.

Lan Mao was frightened by Wang Ling's momentum. At the same time, he was also shocked by the elegant figure of the young man in front of him.

Compared with his previous series of fancy attacks.

Wang Ling's offensive. Not a trace of fancy.

Simple and calm. But it also exudes a light sense of chicness.

Isn't this the feeling he has been pursuing...

In a state of confusion, Lan Mao felt his heartbeat speed up.

The moment Wang Ling tapped his finger on the back of his neck, Lan Mao closed his eyes: "Please be gentle to me. Houlang Sang..."

At the same moment, the picture in the waiting room was interrupted and turned into a snowflake.

This was done intentionally by Wang Ming.

When the picture returned, Lan Mao was lying on the ground with a calm and happy face. He looked like he was having a sweet dream.

The referee ball issued the final result.

--Wang Houlang. Win!

Although no one in the waiting room knew exactly what happened.

But Lan Mao lost to Wang Ling. This surprised many people.

"Let me tell you. Houlang Sang will definitely win! The winning rate is 80%!"

"That's right! Kongque's strength is not weak. In the previous duel with Kongque, Lan Mao's crazy dodging skills should have consumed a lot of physical strength."

"Hahaha! Houlang Sang is indeed the mascot of Number 60 High School!"

In the waiting room, many promoted players and players in the loser group started discussing after seeing this.

Only Kongque's eyes. Always ugly.

Because he knows... Lan Mao's true situation...

In the process of the opponent's duel with him, there is an element of acting.

So there is no possibility that a lot of physical energy has been consumed as everyone thinks.

But even under such circumstances...

Wang Ling still wins.

This made Kongque very frightened.

Houlang Sang’s strength is unfathomable!

Before leaving the field. Wang Ling checked Lan Mao's injury.

That finger just now is called "Sleep Finger". It is the least lethal of all his moves.

At the same time, the person who is hit has the effect of immediately falling into a comatose state. The effect is stronger than "Sleep Black Tea".

Moreover, the moment Wang Ling tapped his finger, he also healed Lan Mao's injury.

He discovered.

In fact, I cannot be truly cruel.

This is just a competition with the High School boy.

Lan Mao is not an enemy.

In fact, his nature is not bad. He just likes to play some tricks.

After experiencing the battle just now, he believed that Lan Mao should have grown up than before.

So he helped Lan Mao recover from his physical injuries.

This is a kind of Wang Ling type of tenderness.

Others can't learn it. They can't imitate it either.

...

Successfully advanced to the top 32.

Next is the group showdown in the top 16.

The team competition is all about. It's about all-round development of moral, intellectual, physical, social and aesthetic skills.

The first round of screening. The test is "physicality".

Then the second round of test is "wisdom".

Therefore, there will also be a certain degree of change in the duel next time.

The second round of the test is the "secret room".

This is a Jiudaohe campus festival work carefully designed by the teachers of Jiudaohe High School. Every year, some adjustments and designs are made to the mechanism of the secret room.

The entire secret room is as big as two football fields.

And. In order to facilitate students’ experience, the secret room is designed in a symmetrical manner.

It is divided into 8 entrances in total.

That is to say.

Although they enter through different entrances, everyone experiences the same level of the secret room.

8 entrances. 8 people can enter at one time.

So under ideal conditions, it only takes 4 times to complete the escape.

Thirty-two contestants will be sorted from high to low based on the time it takes to successfully escape the Jiudaohe secret room.

The top 16 people with the shortest time advance.

At the same time, in order to avoid someone getting stuck in the secret room and unable to get out, it will waste time.

The allotted time for the second round is 4 hours.

Everyone must complete the task within 4 hours. Otherwise, it will be regarded as being directly eliminated and entered into the loser group.

Of course. To ensure fairness.

This time, the cracking process inside the secret room will no longer be provided with real-time video. It will be watched by the other players waiting.

The secret room mission is actually very familiar to Sun Rong.

The girl still remembers the Heavenly Dao secret room that was originally cracked on the Heavenly Dao planet.

No matter how difficult and terrifying Jiudaohe's secret room is... can it be as complicated as Heavenly Dao's secret room?

Therefore Sun Rong is full of confidence.

No worries at all.

When Jisaki read out the rules for the second round through the central control room.

Then comes the question and answer session.

The girl who previously regarded Sun Rong as a thorn in her side. Matsushita Singha raised her hand and asked: "Can the door be violently broken down?"

This question made Jisaki smile.

He didn't answer no. He just said, "You can try."

Jiudaohe secret room is not made of ordinary materials.

The secret chamber inside has a complex structure. All structures are created with a material that can suppress spiritual power. After entering the Jiudaohe secret chamber, many people's strength will be greatly limited.

It almost eliminates the possibility of cultivators below the Nascent Soul stage breaking into the door through violence.

Jisaki reminded with a smile: "In addition, if you use magic such as walking through walls, it will be directly judged as cheating and you will be disqualified from promotion. So, I hope everyone will be more honest and don't think about those evil ways."

After Jisaki finished speaking, he looked at the time.

It's 8:04 pm.

If the subsequent rounds of competition all go well.

Jiudaohe High School will be able to submit the top five list before noon tomorrow.

Immediately afterwards.

Based on the lottery results of the system.

Wang Ling, Sun Rong. They were all selected in the first round.

"Houlang Sang. I'll wait for you at the exit."

Sun Rong secretly sent a message to Wang Ling and walked in first.

Wang Ling hummed slightly.

Then he also opened the curtain.

Stepping into the extremely dark passage.

At the same time. Wang Ling was also thinking of a strategy to clear the passage quickly.

It's just a secret room.

How hard can it be?

Just take it apart and you're done...

And the truth is. Until Wang Ling walked in. No one had realized the seriousness of the problem.

Many people think this "Houlang Sang" is a little puppy.

But actually.

Sometimes. He's also a husky...





Chapter 1529 Although it was just a dream. I was still very moved when I woke up.


This is a zombie-themed fake escape room.

When Wang Ling entered, darkness fell instantly.

The first secret room is a warehouse full of sundries. The iron door is surrounded by a thick fine iron lock.

The radius of the chain is very thick. It is five centimeters long. It seals the iron door like a python.

Wang Ling noticed a blood-stained beach chair ten meters away from the iron pole.

There was a blood-stained coat hanging on it. Inside the clothes Wang Ling could see the flickering light of metal.

That's a key.

It should be a prop leading to the next secret room.

Under normal circumstances, you only need to use the "primer technique" to hook the key over easily.

However, there is a limitation of spiritual power in the secret room. It is ten meters away. It is actually very difficult for others to successfully and accurately index such a small object.

So this level. Wang Ling judgment. It must be combined with the props in the warehouse.

Splice the props into a long hook. Hook the beach chair in front of it.

But doing that would be too troublesome.

When no one can cast spells normally.

Wang Ling casts the spell. It will appear very abrupt.

Even if the spiritual power restriction of the secret room has no effect on Wang Ling. He can't do that.

So Wang Ling grabbed the thick lock bar without thinking, and then tore off the entire lock bar with a "pop" sound.

It didn't take much effort.

Everything is so easy and natural.

In the central control room.

Jisaki was sweating coldly when he saw it. He could almost imagine the teachers in the props team going crazy.

Jisaki: "Houlang Sang...is that strong..."

Wang Ming lied casually: "It's not that he's strong. He's just born with strange powers."

Jisaki: "But this is outrageous! Such a thick chain! It's made of fine iron! It's so thick...why does it feel like pulling noodles when he pulls it up!"

"Then I don't know. It could also be a quality issue." Wang Ming continued to help Wang Ling smooth things over.

Anyway, the only people seeing this scene now are him and Jisaki. As long as Jisaki can stay steady, there won't be much of a problem.

In fact, Wang Ming was smiling bitterly in his heart.

As soon as this closed-door competition was held, Wang Ling began to let himself go.

No one was recording, no one was watching, it was a completely claustrophobic environment. What Wang Ling did could be described as "doing whatever he wants".

He took the key hanging on the beach chair outside the iron door.

Wang Ling used the power of King's Eyes to find the secret door leading to the second secret room.

And convinced.

It is indeed opened by the key obtained in hand.

Wang Ling has never been a violent person.

Destroying other people's props is actually very unethical.

So Wang Ling's plan is that if the key can be found, it would be better to use the key to open the door.

As for taking down the door.

That was a helpless move.

As a person who is labeled as a "little milk dog" in the eyes of outsiders, Wang Ling actually pays great attention to the baggage of his idol.

Holding the key and walking over.

Wang Ling inserted the key into the keyhole of the secret door and turned it.

Then. He heard another "pop" sound.

The key just broke right into the keyhole.

Wang Ling: "..."

The situation in front of me makes Wang Ling feel helpless.

He really didn't twist it on purpose.

But in this situation, it is obviously impossible to open the door with the key.

Wang Ling couldn't find a way. It only used a little strength.

I lightly kicked the door in front of me...

...

On the other side, other people and Wang Ling face the same concerns.

The fully symmetrical design of the secret room ensures fairness in all aspects.

"I wonder how classmate Wang Ling is doing." Sun Rong is actually a little concerned about the situation over there at Wang Ling.

And these days, she always finds herself thinking of Wang Ling's face from time to time.

In last night's dream, Wang Ling kept turning her over, which also made Sun Rong blush every time she thought about it.

How do you say something?

Although it was just a dream, I was still very touched when I woke up...

Sun Rong feels that maybe no one can understand how I feel at this moment.

"It's better to clear the level quickly."

After taking a deep breath, Sun Rong began to observe the environment of the first secret room.

After learning that this was a warehouse with messy items.

Sun Rong just knows it intuitively.

Most of the things in these warehouses are actually used to disrupt the view and are not real clues.

General secret room clues are not that complicated.

It's very clear.

So the food and drinks piled on the shelves in the warehouse are all useless.

Then, the girl's eyes fell on the only iron door in sight.

The thinking patterns of Wang Ling are surprisingly similar.

Sun Rong quickly fixed his gaze on the bloody suit.

"The key is over there, right?" Sun Rong stared in the direction of the beach chair.

A distance of ten meters. In addition, there are spiritual power restrictions. It is indeed difficult to accurately target the primer technique.

Although Sun Rong is now blessed with the power of Aohai.

But the role she plays is currently "Jiugong Liangzi". If Aohai's aura is released, it will inevitably make people suspicious.

However, Sun Rong has already thought of a suitable solution.

She moved out the props she had prepared in advance.

That is a prop that is exactly the same as the replica {Ghost Book}.

It's exactly the same in shape. It's just a fake. It doesn't have any {Ghost Book} function.

At this moment, the girl imitated Jiugong Liangzi's appearance and opened the Ghost Book.

A burst of light emanated from the Ghost Book.

Actually. That's the LED light effect that comes with the prop...

Since it's a show, then we have to do a complete set.

Such a process is essential.

Then, in the central control room... Jisaki saw that the bloody clothes on the beach chair actually floated up. He took the initiative to fly to Sun Rong.

"This is..." He rubbed his eyes. He felt as if he had some misunderstanding.

Unexpectedly, at the moment when the bloody clothes floated past, I seemed to see the figure of a female ghost...

"In order for Rong Jiang to pretend to be her, Ms. Jiugong gave Rong Jiang the use of the Ghost Book? She even taught Rong Jiang how to use the Ghost Book?" Jisaki thought it was unbelievable.

{Ghost Book} is the most important ancestral artifact in Jiugong's family...

Can such a method be taught to outsiders?

Wang Ming nodded noncommittally. The expression on his face was somewhat meaningful.

In fact, the female ghost figure Jisaki saw was not a real female ghost.

But. Sun Ying'er...

At this moment, Wang Ming couldn't help but laugh inside.

His younger brother and sister-in-law are very naughty!

At this time. Sun Rong successfully obtained the key.

Then I quickly discovered the secret door hidden behind the shelves in the warehouse.

Behind the secret door is a long passage with dim lights.

When the secret door opens.

Sun Rong found the passage leading to the next secret room. There was a familiar figure standing there, looking at her with a slightly ferocious look in the dim light.

"Classmate Ma Jiao?"Sun Rong was startled.

And the next moment.

Ma Jiao in front of her took out a bloody skull-crushing hammer from nowhere and rushed towards her.

"Sun Rong! I want you to die!" Ma Jiao roared like crazy.





Chapter 1530 Kill Sun Rong


"How could Ma Jiao..." Jisaki looked at the central control room with horror in his eyes.

He suddenly remembered that Ma Jiao, as the vice president of the student union, had actually participated in the internal layout work at the beginning of the design of the secret room.

Although the Jiudaohe secret room is designed symmetrically, in order to facilitate the staff to go to and from each secret room for prop inspection, there are actually secret doors that only the staff know about.

These secret doors are unlocked through facial recognition technology.

When Ma Jiao is familiar with the map of the secret room, it is not difficult for her to quickly find the location of Sun Rong.

"You have to stop!" In desperation, Jisaki has turned on the call button in the central control room, intending to report the emergency and temporarily suspend the secret room challenge.

As a result, Wang Ming directly used brain waves. He turned the call button back on with a nonchalant look on his face.

"Xiaoer-san..."

There was some confusion in Jisaki's eyes.

Wang Ming said helplessly: "It doesn't matter. Jiucai, we can just watch the show."

"But classmate Ma Jiao, wasn't she severely objectified by ghosts..."

What Jisaki knows now is actually incomplete.

If you knew the true strength of Sun Rong and Wang Ling, I'm afraid you wouldn't be so surprised.

But it is not convenient for Wang Ming to elaborate on these things at the moment.

It took Sun Rong so long to get into the core of Office of Strategic Deception.

Jisaki has only just appeared on the scene. How could there be so many things going on in a showdown with Jisaki all at once?

Now, some of the situations that Jisaki knows are already the limit that Wang Ming can give.

Although I don’t quite understand Wang Ming’s attitude.

But Jisaki always felt that Xiaoer Sang, Rong Jiang, Houlang Sang... these three people from Number 60 High School in front of him seemed to be no ordinary people.

Sometimes, you don't need to understand things that you shouldn't know.

Just pretend to be dumbfounded.

So. Jisaki covered his eyes.

He covered his ears by the way.

"What are you doing?" Wang Ming asked.

"See no evil, hear no evil..." Jisaki replied.

In fact, he can obviously still hear it.

Wang Ming smiled.

Jisaki looks stupid. But in such a complicated environment of Jiudaohe, there are still two reasons why he can take the position of president of the Jiudaohe student union.

There is indeed some great wisdom and foolishness in it.

Wang Ming knows that Jisaki's current wish is to serve as Gray Cult director.

Judging from the current performance.

This little guy does have a future...

...

On the other side, Ma Jiao's death drama continues.

Kill Sun Rong...Kill Sun Rong...

Ma Jiao was holding a skull-crushing hammer in her hand. It was as if there were ten thousand barrages floating through her mind. These words kept echoing.

There was something obviously wrong with her state. She looked haggard both physically and mentally. Her eyes were dull and her cheeks were deeply sunken.

There is a black air all over my body...

Sun Rong clearly knows that Ma Jiao is a cultivator who was used by Akano Sekitora for the first ghost transformation experiment. And the situation in front of him is not difficult to determine. Ma Jiao is affected by the ghost in his body.

As Akano Sekitora's first test subject.

The ghost in the body cannot be the same as Jiugong Xinghui. It is in a state of checks and balances under a contract.

Once your mentality is out of control, you are likely to be counterattacked by the ghosts in your body.

The moment the Skull Crusher attacked. Sun Rong thought of many things in his mind.

However, she never released Aohai's sword energy to fight back directly. Instead, she used the passive ability of "human and sword unity" to enhance her six senses.

At the moment when his perception was increased, Sun Rong could clearly notice that all the movements of Ma Jiao in front of him seemed to have become much slower.

The increase in perception brought about by the power of "the unity of man and sword" is extremely powerful.

Especially for capturing dynamic visuals.

Ma Jiao's movements seemed crazy and precise. But in Sun Rong's eyes, it was like a slow motion being played.

An easy sideways jump.

There was a bang! The skull-crushing hammer hit the wall of the secret room hard.

The wall collapsed instantly. A lot of wall dust fell off.

"Rokume Akahoko, please wake up!" Sun Rong tried to call Ma Jiao's real name, trying to awaken her own will.

She knew that Ma Jiao could not be entirely blamed for this situation.

In essence, Ma Jiao is also a victim.

After dodging several attacks in succession, Ma Jiao held a skull-crushing hammer. It had already damaged several places.

At this time, Sun Ying'er, who had been hiding in secret observation, finally couldn't help but speak: "Rongrong, this is not the way to go. This secret room is almost smashed. If it is forced to stop, we may be implicated. I Look, it's better to be knocked unconscious..."

Sun Rong frowned.

In fact, she hasn't thought of a better way to deal with it.

"There is nothing we can do. Classmate Rokume Akahoko...is offended." Sun Rong said softly. He was about to step forward and follow Sun Ying'er's suggestion to temporarily knock Ma Jiao out.

At this time, a series of sounds of the walls shattering suddenly came from the air.

It seems like something is flying towards you from a distance...

Boom!

An iron door came through the air.

That's the iron gate that was kicked by Wang Ling before...

It suddenly flew through the wall from the side with precision. It was like a nail. It hit Ma Jiao's waist directly and nailed Ma Jiao to the wall...

"It's classmate Wang Ling..." Sun Rong reacted almost immediately.

Only Wang Ling. has such strange power.

It has obviously been sealed multiple times.

Wang Ling still showed his impressive strength.

"My classmate Wang Ling must have figured out that I was in danger. The force of this kick was so precise!" Sun Rong admired in his heart.

Unexpectedly, just when she was hesitant, Wang Ling came to help her again.

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ling didn't realize that his kick had accidentally reached Sun Rong.

He had obviously kicked very lightly. He really just used a little bit of force.

But that kick just gave him a measure of strength.

At least let him know that the next time he punches or kicks, he must not exceed that level.

Otherwise, people will definitely die.

...

Ma Jiao was nailed to the wall by the door panel. She almost lost consciousness instantly.

The black air on her body dissipated.

Sun Rong knew that Ma Jiao should have calmed down again by now.

Before leaving, she released a healing sword energy on Ma Jiao. It had a slow healing effect.

"Classmate Ma Jiao. I'm sorry. I can't stay here any longer... Just take care of yourself." After saying that, Sun Rong hurriedly entered the next secret room.

Because the scene just now was too chaotic, the key found earlier was completely missing.

Sun Rong Without saying a word, he drew his sword and opened the door to the Second Sword Secret Room.

"..." Sun Ying'er added.

It's still a split door after all...

The props team would have cried if they'd seen that mess.

"Rongrong. We've been delayed too long!" Sun Ying'er reminded.

"I know." Sun Rong nods.

It's not the time to play secret rooms anymore.

She promised to meet up with Wang Ling at the end of the day.

So Jiudaohe secret room. She must pass!

"What do you want to do?" Sun Ying'er asked.

Sun Rong smiled shyly, "Of course. Then split the door!"

"..."

"Anyway, we've already split one. A few more shouldn't hurt."

"..." Sun Ying'er.

She understood the reasoning... But the secret room. Is that how it is played?





Chapter 1531 Peng Xiren’s road to death


Not long after the girl left, Ma Jiao gradually came to her senses.

She opened the door panel on her body.

A refreshing and gentle spiritual power instantly surged into Ma Jiao's heart.

really...

Everything was as she expected. The Jiugong Liangzi in front of her was the fake Sun Rong.

Although she didn't know what happened to the iron gate that suddenly came from the sky.

But Ma Jiao was still surprised by Sun Rong's choice.

Ever since she was taken advantage of by Akano Sekitora, a ruthless man, she often felt that she was in a state of mental separation... and she also knew that sometimes her mentality would change suddenly and become very abnormal.

Because of her fusion with ghosts, she began to become cold, cold-blooded and even dark...

She will choose to deal with those unclean things under her eyes without mercy.

But now, Aohai's healing sword energy has restored Ma Jiao's mental state to an unprecedented calmness.

At the same time, the original thought of trying to expose Sun Rong as Jiugong Liangzi disappeared.

She wasn't sure what was wrong with her.

I just feel that my whole person has become warmer.

He knew clearly that his identity would be revealed by doing so, but he still chose to use the healing effect of sword energy to save himself...

Why...

Ma Jiao couldn't help but shed two tears.

In her memory, she felt like she hadn't cried like that for a long time.

They are tears from the bottom of my heart.

This is the function of Aohai's healing sword energy. In addition to recovering injuries, it can also stabilize the spirit and purify all evil spirits in the body.

Sun Rong doesn’t know how strong his healing sword energy is.

Because she just used a little bit of strength.

But what Sun Rong didn't know was that even a tiny bit of strength was enough to save the broken-winged bird in front of him, who was about to fall into the abyss forever.

The current Aohai. The Aohai that incorporates the five-core Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube.

Even if it's just this little bit of power.

How can this evil thing resist her?

Even a 100% fused ghost can be uprooted by Aohai's power.

And when the ghost in Ma Jiao's body was released from the body along with a trace of black energy.

She felt her whole body relaxed.

It was as if the huge boulder that had been weighing on her had been removed, making her whole body feel happy.

"Sun Rong..."

At this moment, Ma Jiao was deeply moved.

These years, she has been alone, facing the pain of being forcibly ghosted...

She never thought about it.

There was actually a person who became her light at the critical moment, shining into the bottomless abyss deep in her heart. She also completely shattered the world that was swallowed up by darkness...

When she came to her senses, a figure walked towards her.

This man was holding a flashlight. He came here through an internal passage known only to the builders of the secret room.

Ma Jiao recognized the identity of the person. There was a look of surprise on her face: "Teacher Zhou?"

The visitor's name is Zhou Xiang. He is from Huaxiu. He is currently employed as a Chinese teacher at Jiudaohe High School in Sun Island.

Zhou Xiang saw Ma Jiao who was in a state of embarrassment, with mottled blood on the ground. He hurriedly greeted him: "What's going on? They're all injuries...ah! My secret room! This wall. I spent a long time on it." It only took time to paint it!"

"I'm sorry. Teacher Zhou..." Ma Jiao apologized. The expression on her face was very remorseful.

Such a reaction undoubtedly stunned Zhou Xiang.

In his impression, Ma Jiao was not the one to take this route...

And then. Ma Jiao suddenly raised her head. Blinking her eyes. Slightly pleading, she looked at the young man in front of her: "This matter. Can you please, Teacher Zhou, help me to keep it a secret?"

Zhou Xiang was stunned.

Although I was very angry that my secret room was made into such a mess.

But who can refuse the female student's request?

He shrugged helplessly: "Okay. I don't care. But you have to help repair it. We have to hurry up and repair it. There are several groups of testing students behind us."

"Okay!" Ma Jiao nodded: "What should I do?"

"There is nothing we can do about the iron door for the time being. Replace it with hardwood board and disposable spray paint to prevent anyone from damaging it again. This is the most cost-effective and quick repair method." Zhou Xiang said.

"No problem, teacher." Ma Jiao nodded.

"Classmate Ma Jiao. I have a question..." At this time, Zhou Xiang frowned.

"What's wrong, Teacher Zhou?"

Zhou Xiang actually wanted to ask Ma Jiao what happened.

Why does it suddenly seem like a different person...

But he never said it out loud.

At this time, Ma Jiao smiled at him: "Also, Teacher Zhou, my name is not Ma Jiao. My name is Rokume Akahoko."

"I'm rude. Classmate Liumu." Zhou Xiang also smiled.

Although he didn't know what happened to Ma Jiao.

But at least. The girl in front of me seems much cuter than before.

Central control room. When Wang Ming saw Zhou Xiang, who was responsible for the repair work, he also showed curiosity: "Little Jiucai. Is this person reliable?"

"Don't worry, Brother Xiaoer. He has the best temper among the teachers I know. He is also the one with whom I have the best relationship." Jisaki said, "Teacher Zhou Xiang's child is in the same class as us."

"Oh? Are you also studying in Jiudaohe?"

"No. Teacher Zhou came here to work for the high salary. The child is studying in Huaxiu."

"Which school?"

"Jian Shen Academy. Zhou Ziyi."

"Jian Shen College?" Wang Ming is very familiar with this school.

After all, it was General Yi who established it.

Moreover, Yi Zhiyang, who was psychologically traumatized at the Jiulong Mountain Physical Martial Arts Competition, also studied at Jian Shen Academy.

It's just the name Zhou Ziyi.

Wang Ming has indeed never heard of it.

But I can study at Jian Shen College. I guess this teacher Zhou Xiang’s family background is also unusual.

Wang Ming thought thoughtfully.

Although Jisaki has great trust in this teacher Zhou Xiang.

However, for the sake of caution, Wang Ming still wrote down the name.

I plan to find time to dig out more detailed information later.

...

On the other side, in the star-eating star of the infinite galaxy, Peng Xiren suddenly opened his eyes: "I found him..."

"What is he doing?" Fenmu Shen asked.

"A boring secret room game. But it's a good opportunity to erase him silently..." Peng Xiren has already thought of a way to use the secret room to quietly erase Wang Ling in it.

"Are you sure you want to take action in such a hurry? Why don't you just wait and see..." Fenmu Shen suggested.

I have a vague feeling of bad premonition.

"I have waited for this moment for too long." Peng Xiren has made up his mind and does not intend to wait any longer.

In front of those ordinary people, kill this alien monster completely, clean out his heart, and then use the intestines to make a sling to hang it in the secret room...

Until the end, it was completely exposed to the public eye.

When I think of Wang Ling's tragic death.

Peng Xiren was pleased.

Things are changing.

How cruel...Classmate Wang Ling!

The next moment, his figure disappeared in the star-devouring aura.

A contestant appeared quietly in the secret room.

Wang Ling...

I'm here to kill you...

Peng Xiren sneered.





Chapter 1532 Dao Ancestor Wang's "Relics"


Peng Xiren is no stranger to escape room games.

When he was a child, Dao Ancestor Wang trapped him in the Heavenly Dao secret room for training.

The difficulty is far greater than the artificially arranged mechanisms here.

Standing here now, Peng Xiren is extremely melancholy.

He thought about people when he saw things. He also began to vaguely miss his missing master.

Before Dao Ancestor Wang entered reincarnation, he didn't leave a single word to him. It seemed as if he wanted to deliberately cut off their master-disciple relationship.

Walk decisively, walk cleanly, walk neatly...

There was no room left for him.

Not even the slightest clue.

Peng Xiren practiced hard after Dao Ancestor Wang entered reincarnation. He tried to find the whereabouts of Dao Ancestor Wang after reincarnation.

Unfortunately, he failed.

That man seemed to have evaporated from the world. As if he had become a speck of dust in the universe.

So after that, Peng Xiren came to a conclusion that he couldn't believe, but had to believe.

That is...

His master. Dao Ancestor Wang.

He did not survive the tribulation of reincarnation. He died in the cycle of reincarnation.

Although the probability of this is very small.

But Peng Xiren thinks that this is still something that has a certain probability of happening.

In fact, he had suspected before that the true identity of Wang Ling was Dao Ancestor Wang.

But later this answer was completely dismissed.

Because the Dharma of Wang Ling is completely different from that of Dao Ancestor Wang.

Even if a person enters reincarnation, his or her Dharma will not change.

There is one more thing.

If Wang Ling was Dao Ancestor Wang, he wouldn't have been so cruel, want to kill him...

Dao Ancestor Wang was kind to him. Peng Xiren always remembered it and never forgot it.

But now, the only person in the world who was good to him is gone.

So.

this world.

What's the need for it to exist?

Over the years, Peng Xiren has thought about this every time. The idea of reshaping the world of cultivation and subverting the entire universe has become stronger in his heart.

And now. He is away from realizing this big plan.

The last person standing in front of him.

It's Wang Ling.

so...

Wang Ling must die.

After possessing a contestant.

The information in your mind is instantly synchronized.

He possessed a female contestant.

This person’s name is: Matsushita Singha.

A woman's body. This is not the first time Peng Xiren has possessed a woman's body.

So I didn't feel there was anything I wasn't used to.

He once possessed a female cultivator just for fun.

Then he used his own body as a tool...

I experienced it once. It was a different feeling.

But that was all a long time ago.

...

After possessing Matsushita Singha, the first thing Peng Xiren did was to reposition Wang Ling.

This is not difficult.

But if you think about taking action here, the noise will be huge.

He prefers to take a silent approach to attack Wang Ling.

Then his body was displayed in reality in an extremely cruel way.

Peng Xiren has been prepared for this.

He took out a jade box.

Inside is a pair of snow-white pupils.

This can be regarded as a gift left by Dao Ancestor Wang to Peng Xiren.

It was found by Peng Xiren in his residence outside the tomb of Dao Ancestor Wang.

His master has a magic weapon called "Eyeball Collector".

It contains all kinds of strange and powerful pupils in the world.

They come in different colors and are mounted in various boxes. Each pair possesses incomparable power.

For the big guys in the cultivation world, changing "color contact lenses" is just a piece of cake.

But eye-gouging is dangerous. It's still dangerous.

It's beyond the realm of Soul Formation. Children should not imitate easily...

Since losing to Wang Ling last time, Peng Xiren has been summarizing where exactly he lost.

During the period of self-isolation in "Eating Star".

He finally discovered that he might have been defeated by Wang Ling's eyes.

So Peng Xiren quickly thought of the "relics" left by Dao Ancestor Wang that were not sealed in the tomb...

For example, the "eyeball collector" he is holding now.

This pair of "snow-white" pupils is named: Li Zhitong.

It is a kind of pupil that can instantly drag people into a fictional world.

The radiation is extremely strong.

He estimated that Wang Ling was in a weak state now. Even if he was aware of it, he might not be able to escape the grasp of "Li Zhitong".

I saw Peng Xiren slowly pricking his own two eyeballs, turning them gently like a plate of walnuts.

His eyes turned into a piece of star sand and escaped into the starry space.

Although the environment here is not the universe.

But as the "son of the stars", the power of the stars controlled by Peng Xiren is still powerful.

After changing into the snow-colored Li Zhitong.

Peng Xiren looked a little scary.

In the pitch black, the pupils glowing with snow reflected a frightening light.

"Wang Ling..."

It was just a soft call.

Snow-colored ripples spread out from the pupils, centered on Peng Xiren.

Li Zhitong will automatically lock objects based on his obsession and capture people into the created world.

In fact, Peng Xiren helped Wang Ling with this step.

Because at the moment Peng Xiren possessed Matsushita Singha.

He had already sensed Peng Xiren's existence.

I am also worried in my heart. If Peng Xiren chooses to attack him directly, I am afraid that the entire Sun Island and even the entire world will be affected by the battle between them...

But now. Peng Xiren drags him into the other world.

Instead, it helped Wang Ling.

This kind of behavior of giving pillows when sleepy comes makes Wang Ling feel a little happy.

Wang Ling breathed a sigh of relief.

Completely relax your mental state. Imagine yourself as a fish floating on the sea.

Let the ripples emitted by "Li Zhitong" draw you into the other world.

"Very good! It's done!"

On the other side, Peng Xiren was overjoyed.

Li Zhitong's capture was smoother than he imagined.

The young man in front was quietly absorbed into it.

So below...

It's his turn to play!

Because this is in the inner world. The surrounding scene looks no different from reality. But it is actually a fictional internal space.

Except for the people who were dragged into the other world, no matter how loud the noise was, no one would notice it.

After using magic to analyze the structure of the entire secret room, Peng Xiren followed the position of Wang Ling and explored it step by step...

All this happened in just ten seconds.

Wang Ling's breath is very close.

At this time, he was only separated by a wall from the secret room where Wang Ling was located.

"Wang Ling...You lost..."

Peng Xiren smiled secretly.

The whole person instantly turned into nothingness. He merged his body into the wall. Like a ghost, he suddenly stretched out half of his body from the wall.

However, Peng Xiren didn't expect it.

The boy inside the wall seemed to have expected it. He was looking at him with his red eyes.

He just leaned out.

His head has already fallen into the palm of Wang Ling...

It was stuck like a bowling ball.





Chapter 1533 Peng Xiren’s Question Mark


Since I was separated from Peng Xiren last time, Wang Ling has thought about many scenarios of meeting him again.

I didn't expect that it would be delivered to my door proactively like this.

The moment he pinched Peng Xiren's head, Wang Ling did not take action directly.

Because the head in my hand now is not Peng Xiren's own.

He is attached to the body of that girl Matsushita Singha. He is very cunning.

Although Peng Xiren was shocked that Wang Ling noticed him, and the moment his body came out, he grabbed his head.

But fortunately, he had already anticipated this bad situation.

That's why he chose to possess the contestants.

And now. Wang Ling is holding Matsushita Singha's head. She really doesn't dare to do anything.

"Wang Ling...You have the ability. Let's do it."

The voice of Peng Xiren comes from Matsushita Singha's body.

Both he and Wang Ling know very well what will happen once the head is crushed.

The young man in front of him has extraordinary skills. It is not difficult to resurrect a person.

Even if your head is crushed, maybe you just need to shake your fingers.

Matsushita Singha's body and soul can be quickly reshaped.

And such a method. In fact, Peng Xiren can also do it.

It was precisely because he knew that Wang Ling had such power that Peng Xiren laid such a trap in a targeted manner.

Even if Wang Ling has the power to resurrect Matsushita Singha, will the resurrected Matsushita Singha still be the same Matsushita Singha?

This point should draw a question mark.

"This girl's soul is my hostage." Peng Xiren smiled.

He expected that Wang Ling would not dare to take action.

Reversely designed Wang Ling.

Therefore, the moment his head was pinched by Wang Ling's hand, Peng Xiren was surprised. But he never showed fear: "Wang Ling. You have completely lost. Don't you dare pinch. Blast this girl's head off? Her soul is imprisoned by me. The new soul after reshaping is not her original soul... Such a resurrection has no meaning."

"..." Upon hearing this, Wang Ling was silent for a moment.

Peng Xiren seems to have calculated everything thoroughly.

However, he missed one point.

That's it. In fact, there are no hostages in this universe that Wang Ling cannot rescue.

--Buzz!

The next moment. Wang Ling opened his eyes.

--King's Eyes opens the eyes!

Meet Peng Xiren's eyes.

Wang LingA glance for ten thousand years.

It feels like you are in the center of the universe for an instant.

Endless stars are connected to each other. They spread to extremely long distances in an instant.

It was like a radar ripple that could not be measured with concepts. Suddenly, Wang Ling captured the location of Matsushita Singha's soul.

Now that I've found the location...

Then as long as she is rescued, there is no need to worry about the replacement of this girl's soul after resurrection.

On the other side. Matsushita Singha, who was imprisoned in a confined space by Peng Xiren, didn't know what was happening.

She was clearly taking an adventure in a secret room. But suddenly the scene in front of her changed. She appeared in a multi-colored aurora world.

What caught her eyes was a beautiful cherry blossom forest. There seemed to be a mysterious person playing the piano in the forest.

The melodious sound of the piano echoes in the woods. It makes people yearn for it...

Once upon a time, Matsushita Singha longed for countless times the scene of herself and her lover walking in the cherry blossom forest.

She likes cherry blossoms.

I think it would be very romantic to be buried here after death.

This is the soul space customized by Peng Xiren for Matsushita Singha.

Everything in the space is formed according to Matsushita Singha's needs.

For a girl, this is a paradise-like existence.

Being here. You can forget everything.

Gradually, I forget what I am doing. Why I am here... In the end, I will even forget myself...

Beautiful cherry blossom forest. The falling pink petals carry a faint fragrance. They fall on Matsushita Singha's shoulders and hair.

Everywhere is so beautiful. Everywhere can be photographed directly as a wallpaper collection.

Matsushita Singha feels so happy.

She didn't know why she came here.

But the idea has arisen in my heart that it would be better to stay here for the rest of my life.

This is another one of Peng Xiren's tricks.

As long as the soul has the thought of abandoning the body.

That is a completely independent individual. Even if Wang Ling had the ability to search, it would be difficult to find Matsushita Singha.

However, what made Peng Xiren miscalculated was...

Wang LingAfter activating King's Eyes. The speed of searching for Matsushita Singha is really too fast...

It was so fast that he couldn't describe it in words.

Just when Matsushita Singha was about to lose herself completely.

A gentle hand fell on Matsushita Singha's shoulder.

"Who is..."

Standing in the cherry blossom forest, the girl whose eyes had gradually become distracted suddenly came back to her senses.

She looked at the fair-skinned boy who suddenly appeared behind her.

The whole person was deeply attracted by the young man's face. Then he started to blush: "Houlang Sang...how could you..."

It must be a dream!

Matsushita Singha blushed.

She almost instantly remembered who she was and what she was doing just now.

Yes.

Previously, she clearly broke through in the secret room.

Why did you suddenly break into this beautiful cherry blossom forest?

And... and I also saw Houlang Sang...

At this time, Houlang Sang's hand touched her shoulder. The temperature of the fingertips made Matsushita Singha think about it.

"..."

Wang Ling It’s not that I had to get it on purpose.

His touch was just to speed up Matsushita Singha's recovery of his memories in the earthly world.

That is what is called. All the stuff from the earthly world.

As for the cherry blossom forest here, everything is an illusion. Everything is fake!

These are the things of the underworld.

Even the sound of the piano heard in the cherry blossom forest is also Yin music!

Fortunately, Wang Ling appeared in time.

All of Matsushita Singha's thoughts were brought back at once.

But it looks like...

This girl seems to have some misunderstanding.

Wang Ling didn't want to wait until Matsushita Singha returned to her body. Because of this "dream", she started to think about some messy things.

Then he stretched out his hand again and gently tapped Matsushita Singha's forehead.

Tampered with her memory.

...

The location of Matsushita Singha was successfully found through King's Eyes.

Wang LingAfter the swift girl's soul was rescued, she also breathed a sigh of relief.

Peng Xiren in front of him not only did not show a trace of fear, but laughed arrogantly: "Wang Ling! You were fooled again! Do you think that rescuing Matsushita Singha is the end? Just now you used your pupil power to search the entire The universe. It must have consumed a lot of spiritual energy..."

In Peng Xiren's calculation. Because of the use of pupil power to search for Matsushita Singha throughout the universe, Wang Ling's aura will definitely become weaker than before.

However, at this time, there was a harsh sound of steam, like boiling water.

The boy in front of me began to emit billowing smoke...

A large amount of incomplete seal Talisman's broken smoke evaporated from Wang Ling's body.

And accompanied by the generation of these smoke.

Wang Ling can feel it. A series of one-time Talisman failures.

"Did you try too hard just now..."

Wang Ling sighed inwardly.

But since these disposable Talisman are consumed.

Then it means.

His aura is a billion points stronger than before...

"???"

At this time, Peng Xiren finally started sweating on his forehead. His head was full of question marks.





Chapter 1534 Suppressing the Ancient Divine Weapons


It was just a moment. Everyone in the Devouring Star was sweating profusely. Their bodies were cold and their skulls were trembling.

There is an extremely ominous premonition forming in everyone's mind.

Through the evil pupil, Fenmu Shen projected the scene he saw into the boundless darkness of the Devouring Star. That was exactly where Peng Xiren and Wang Ling were in the inner world.

Although the battle situation has not yet been finally decided.

But Fenmu Shen seems to have seen the ending.

"Xiren is going to lose... I knew it. This is a trap. This person is not that easy to deal with. Sure enough, his weak aura is all fake." Fenmu Shen said with a trembling voice.

No further explanation is needed. Next to them were Akano Sekitora, the Silverskin King, Jiugong Xinghui and a group of Silverskin aliens. Everyone's hearts sank at the same time.

"Senior. What should we do."

Akano Sekitora asked anxiously.

This situation seems a bit embarrassing.

Because no one among them dared to go out. Even if they had the courage to go out, they would not be able to join the battle below.

Even if they join the battle, they are just cannon fodder.

Even the simplest way of delaying the battle doesn't exist. It's like going out and giving him a headshot.

However, under the current situation, they know that Peng Xiren's importance to them is self-evident.

At this critical moment, we must not let anything happen to Peng Xiren.

The tomb has not been opened yet...

As for the location of the Sky Tomb, only Peng Xiren currently knows it.

Fenmu Shen is still waiting for the opening of the tomb to merge with the other half of his soul that he has been separated from for many years.

If Peng Xiren dies in the hands of Wang Ling at this time, everything will be over.

His evil eyes stared at that world.

His sight passed through the layers of space. He was staring at the scene of Wang Ling's confrontation with Peng Xiren from a God's perspective.

Wang Ling's ears moved slightly. He seemed to be aware of it.

A pair of red eyes looked directly back.

Fenmu Shen was so frightened that she quickly withdrew her gaze.

This boy is so scary...

Incredibly sharp and unimaginable.

"There is no other way. In this situation, I can only try my best to rescue." Fenmu Shen suppressed the panic on his face and said with a frown.

"Senior, what do you want to do?" The expression on Akano Sekitora's face twitched, and his whole body was trembling uncontrollably.

He shivered every time he thought about the moment when his head was pinched by the boy's clone.

"In this case, I can't go out directly. You can't count on it... Therefore, there is only one way I can think of." Fenmu Shen said.

In the realm of Akano Sekitora and the Silverskin King, the past is to die.

Fenmu Shen knows this very well.

However, although the two of them are weak, they will be of great use in the future.

Now is not the time to sacrifice them.

Being able to live for such a long time in the history of cultivation. It was even regarded as a monster by Dao Ancestor Wang back then. It is impossible for Fenmu Shen not to have something that is at the bottom of the box.

Once upon a time, Fenmu Shen even planned several wars against the entire universe.

He tried to conquer ten universes to build his ultimate universe empire of cultivation.

But such plans were repeatedly discovered and shattered by Dao Ancestor Wang.

The legions that were prepared back then were all destroyed by Dao Ancestor Wang.

However, after Fenmu Shen's soul was divided and sealed, Dao Ancestor Wang believed that he was no longer a threat and did not investigate further.

And it is precisely this that now leaves Fenmu Shen with some room for improvement...

At this moment, Fenmu Shen closed his eyes and communicated with the things he had prepared to conquer the universe.

"Hydrogen slave..."

"Helium slave..."

"Lithium slave..."

"Beryllium slave..."

In his heart, he called these familiar names one by one.

Not long after, there were several vague figures on the distant battlefield, surrounded by chaotic energy. They were suddenly transported from the distant universe to the inner world where Wang Ling and Peng Xiren were.

They have no faces. Their whole bodies show an obsidian-like luster. They are puppets made of special materials.

Fenmu Shen calls them "slaves".

But in fact, it was the most important part of Fenmu Shen's space journey plan.

Also known as: Ancient Divine Weapon!

It's a pity that now, the amount he has hoarded is not much.

There were hundreds of millions of ancient divine weapons back then. Now there are only a few hundred or so left.

The ones summoned right now are all the ones closest to the earth.

But if it is used to rescue Peng Xiren, Fenmu Shen thinks it should be enough to delay it for a while.

The arrival of the four nearest ancient divine soldiers was like a meteorite falling. In an instant, a huge earthquake wave occurred in the inner world. All the buildings on Sun Island were destroyed in the blink of an eye.

A tsunami tens of meters high swept over, creating a scene that looked like the end of the world.

The dark humanoid ancient divine weapon is three meters tall. Standing in front of human cultivators, it looks like a giant.

The diamond-shaped suspended head has a high-tech feel. It is hard to imagine that this was something created tens of thousands of years ago.

Peng Xiren and Wang Ling's pupils contracted at the same time.

None of them expected that four ancient divine weapons would land here.

And this is also the first time Wang Ling has seen this strange, puppet-like life form.

The four ancient divine weapons caused huge waves when they landed. Peng Xiren thought he had found an opportunity and wanted to escape from this world.

However, Wang Ling grabbed him by the collar and was held in his hand like a little chicken.

Wang Ling directly pulled out Peng Xiren's soul and absorbed it with his own palm.

Then he put the soul of Matsushita Singha into his original body and sent him out of the other world.

This series of movements is very smooth and natural, just like changing a sim card or a mobile phone circuit board.

At this time, Peng Xiren's soul was held in Wang Ling's hand.

He didn't know why. He felt that all the strength in his body was gone.

He doesn't know what Wang Ling did.

I just feel that all the strength in my body is passing away little by little...

At this moment, the four ancient divine weapons transferred by Fenmu Shen in front of him have become his only hope.

They fell here like comets hitting the earth, destroying everything on the ground.

Wang Ling Fortunately. This is in another world. Otherwise, I don’t know how many innocent people would die because of this unnecessary disaster.

"Boom!"

The next moment, the war broke out.

The four ancient divine soldiers formed a formation and charged towards Wang Ling.

When they attacked, golden light erupted. The obsidian-like metal body exuded a bright luster like gold. Like cannonballs, it emitted a spiritual light that reached the sky.

Spiritual energy is like the sea. It floods over like a big river.

Wang Ling was slightly surprised.

The combat power of these ancient divine weapons is actually stronger than that of the Old God in the God Realm.

It actually has the level of Dao God.

Need to know.

These things are just puppets.

So what kind of state must the masters who created these puppets be in?

The atmosphere seemed to become tense all of a sudden.

He stared at Peng Xiren. He tried to get some words out of Peng Xiren's mouth.

As a result, Peng Xiren twisted his neck and just snorted at Wang Ling.

"..."

That’s all.

Wang Ling gave up asking and directly took Peng Xiren's soul into King's Eyes.

Now, his mission is to deal with the four ancient divine weapons in front of him as soon as possible!

Because Wang Ling vaguely felt that the other world had reached a critical point of collapse due to the sudden arrival of the ancient divine weapons.

Boom!

Four ancient divine weapons attacked from four directions. The fists like mountains hit various parts of Wang Ling's body. There was an explosion like glass breaking.

"It's really scary..." Fenmu Shen observed the battle from the perspective of one of the ancient divine weapons.

The four ancient divine soldiers just attacked together. Although the attack was extremely precise, it was an attack aimed at the vital point.

But it didn't hurt Wang Ling at all.

Instead, their bodies suffered backlash and shattered into pieces.

"Is this still a human? This guy is only sixteen years old!" Akano Sekitora looked ugly. He had always thought Wang Ling was an old monster that had lived for eternity. But after waking up, he learned from Fenmu Shen. Wang Ling It is true that he is only 16 years old.

Everyone is feeling bad.

How can a 16-year-old be so invincible...to this point?

It’s not the reincarnation of Dao Ancestor Wang...

None of this seems to make sense!

"This person, senior, must not let him go!" Akano Sekitora's thoughts were confused. He felt that Wang Ling had become a nightmare in his mind.

Unless Wang Ling dies, he will live an unstable life for the rest of his life.

"I know this better than you." Fenmu Shen's evil eyes are profound.

He is arranging his troops. He is trying to use the ancient divine weapons to consume Wang Ling.

These four ancient divine soldiers are just the vanguard. Behind them, there are ancient divine soldiers in the distance who will arrive on the battlefield one after another.

...

After these four ancient divine soldiers received the physical backlash from Wang Ling, their bodies were shattered.

Those cracks were quickly repaired visible to the naked eye.

"Is the backlash ineffective?"Wang Ling looked at this scene and raised his eyebrows.

Sure enough, these strange puppet life forms were not as simple as he imagined.

However, Wang Ling does not intend to do it himself.

Considering that I have to participate in the high school competition later, if I try to mess around with these ancient magic weapons here, the disposable Talisman on my body will be used up quickly.

So. Wang Ling sat on the ground, leaning against the wall in the ruins behind him.

Put one hand on your knee and assume a natural theater posture.

"Here comes the sword."

He called softly. A brown wooden sword suddenly appeared in the other world.

"Sword Master. Want me. What to do?"

Jingke did not manifest a human form. Instead, he appeared in front of Wang Ling in a sword-shaped posture.

"Clear the place."

Wang Ling gently stroked his sword blade and ordered.

...

These two simple words immediately put tremendous pressure on Fenmu Shen, who was secretly observing from a distance.

This was not the first time he saw Jingke. He always felt that this mahogany sword looked familiar...but he couldn't figure out the origin of Jingke.

After receiving the command from Wang Ling.

Jingke's brown aura suddenly bloomed.

"Do you also want to dance..."

The four ancient divine weapons were originally floating in the air.

The overwhelming brown aura is accompanied by the most powerful sword energy.

Knock them all down from the air with an overwhelming force!

The sword pressed against the sky, creating a kind of gravity that left no room for these ancient divine soldiers to be condescending.

At this critical moment, Wang Ling was deeply moved by Jingke's failure to waterproof.

Several times, this little guy deliberately pretended to be weak and wanted to merge with Bai Qiao...

Wang Ling should just turn a blind eye to these things.

Fortunately today, judging from Jingke's performance, he obviously has no intention of letting go.

Therefore. The moment Jingke receives the Wang Ling command.

He immediately gave these four ancient divine soldiers a show of strength. However, this was not the end yet.

The power of the King of Sword Spirits is incalculable.

"Zheng!"

The huge brown sword energy, hundreds of thousands of miles long, turned into four rays of light that shot into the sky. It struck the surroundings like a laser cannon.

Because there are no outsiders in the inner world, Jingke has huge room for free expression.

A seemingly indiscriminate sword attack.

In fact, it is a charge aimed at vital points.

The brown sword light struck the heads of the four ancient divine soldiers, hitting them in the middle of the face.

The ancient divine soldier who suffered a head injury seemed to have lost his mobility. He collapsed on the spot and fell to the ground.

However, the attack has just begun.

Jingke has so much combat experience. He has never held anything back.

The moment these four ancient divine soldiers fell, an ocean-like brown sword energy came overwhelmingly, dividing the four ancient divine soldiers.

"So decisive." Fenmu Shen frowned.

This mahogany sword is too terrifying. The attack is decisive. Even after it has hit the head, it is still executing the last strike at its own pace, dividing the four ancient divine soldiers on the ground.

It's just the blink of an eye.

His four ancient divine weapons had been cut into countless tiny pieces, like grains of sand. They were rolled into the air along with the wildly dancing sword waves.

"This...can this be restored?" Akano Sekitora's pupils were shocked. He was shocked.

He has never seen such finely divided corpses...

It can actually be cut into the size of a grain of sand.

It's simply devastating.

Although Fenmu Shen was equally surprised by this scene, in the end he just sneered: "It's not over yet."

The next moment, these ancient divine weapons that were divided into pieces as big as grains of sand erupted into bright golden light again. Their psychic energy soared into the sky, sweeping across the sky and the earth.

Although there are not many of these ancient divine weapons left, each one was built with Fenmu Shen's utmost effort. All physical attacks are ineffective against the ancient divine weapons.

It also contains sword energy.

Not to mention dividing it into grains of sand.

Even if only the iron sheet is invisible to the naked eye, as long as there is a cell structure, the ancient magic weapon can be restored.

This is the terrifying thing about the ancient divine weapons.

Their power comes from chaos.

And chaos... means infinity.

Looking at the ancient divine weapons that had reunited, Jingke frowned deeply.

This was his first time dealing with such a monster. He had no experience at all.

But I didn't feel afraid at all.

These are lives formed by extracting a special substance from chaos.

Theoretically, it is a product of chaos.

The sword spirit is also bred from chaos.

These days, who doesn’t have something to do with chaos?

They are all produced under chaos. Of course there is nothing to be afraid of.

He has been with Wang Ling for many years. He has studied for so long.

Naturally, the things he knows are not just those fighting skills.

Since the sword energy is ineffective.

Jingke seems to have other ideas.

Buzz!

The next moment, the blade of his mahogany sword rang softly and burst into even more blazing light!

Two runes were born from the body of the mahogany sword!

"Sword talisman?" Fenmu Shen smiled: "The sword energy has failed. Do you think the talisman is useful?"

Although the immunity rate of ancient divine weapons to spells is not all, it is still as high as 90%.

There are not many talismans in this world that can be used to suppress ancient divine weapons.

However, at the next moment, the two sword talismans that were born from Jingke rushed into the air and opened a dragnet to cover all four ancient divine soldiers.

Just in an instant. The auras of the four ancient divine soldiers weakened instantly!

They were entangled in the net and unable to move.

"What..."

Fenmu Shen was shocked beyond words.

And when he saw the words on the sword talisman clearly, the shock in his heart was beyond words.

It's not a difficult text to understand.

It says, Odd changes to even. Look at the quadrant for the symbols...





Chapter 1535 Dao Ancestor Wang’s Mission


"Can't escape. It fell..."

Jingke is wearing a brown Tang suit. The white robe outside the Tang suit is flying in the strong wind.

He upgraded his sword talisman suppression to a mechanical level. In an instant, he formed a dragnet that contained the four ancient divine soldiers with overwhelming pressure.

Judging from the scene, it seems that everything is over.

Wang Ling was sitting on the wall of the ruins, feeling unusually calm.

Because everything is a predictable scene.

These ancient magic weapons have a mechanism of continuous resurrection. They seem difficult to deal with. But in fact Wang Ling is very clear. This will never be Jingke's opponent.

It was easy for Jingke to suppress them.

However, Fenmu Shen's ultimate goal is to rescue Peng Xiren.

Even if we only send these four ancient divine soldiers, it will still be difficult to support the overall situation.

It would be useless even if some ancient divine soldiers arrived one after another.

Wang Ling has never had a head-on confrontation with Fenmu Shen. He just sent a "bomb" made of the new Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube as a gift.

Fenmu Shen was almost killed by him.

Eh...need to circle the key points here.

Yes: Almost...

In Wang Ling's opinion. To be able to survive under his own circumstances. It's an amazing way of doing things.

Peng Xiren remarked. Back then, Fenmu Shen was a figure that even Dao Ancestor Wang was afraid of.

I am afraid that the great master of cultivation is hunting down the whole universe.

But Fenmu Shen did not die in the end.

It was just divided into two parts and sealed.

Now it has been released again.

Wang Ling felt that he had to be vigilant.

In order to rescue Peng Xiren, these four ancient divine weapons were sacrificed... This proves that Fenmu Shen still has some background.

But. Is it just that?

Wang Ling always feels like there is some conspiracy hidden behind this.

"Senior...we can't hold it off any longer!" Akano Sekitora shouted anxiously as he saw the four ancient divine weapons being trapped.

He never thought that even the senior in the grave would be unable to do anything to this young man.

Even his sword spirit...can't limit it...

You must know that it is just an ordinary-looking mahogany sword!

But the gap in combat power is so huge.

"You're too anxious."

Fenmu Shen looked calm: "The strength of this peach wood sword is indeed beyond my expectation...but...the delay I am talking about is not this."

His ancient magic weapon was a weapon specially created for the battle in the universe. It was strong.

But Fenmu Shen also knows it very well.

I want to deal with Wang Ling. But these four ancient divine weapons are not enough.

At this moment, he closed his eyes slightly and followed a breath coming from the inside and outside the world.

"Boom!"

The next moment, hundreds of millions of light years away from the earth, tens of thousands of stars were pierced by a pitch black spear engraved with runes. Then they exploded. Psychic energy shot into the sky. The scene was terrifying.

At the same time, both inside and outside the inner world. Wang Ling, Jin Deng also raised their heads.

Feel the fluctuation of this breath.

"This is."

On Earth. Jin Deng frowned.

The familiar scent coming from outside the infinite galaxy at high speed made him immediately alert.

He immediately started to move. He shrunk to the ground and blocked the breath from rushing out of the earth. He tried to intercept it.

"Here he comes."

Inside the Devouring Star, Fenmu Shen opened his eyes. He looked like a strategist.

Everything was as he expected.

Monk Jin Deng wanted to stop him.

Can it be stopped?

In the universe, a golden avenue appears that is invisible to ordinary cultivators. It is like a gorgeous carpet. It seems to be derived from the end of the universe.

The creature standing on the golden carpet. The first born has two horns. The steel wings are wide. The current body shape is only the size of an adult. But in fact, this is a condensed body shape.

The real body is hundreds of millions of feet tall!

This is also the second time the monk has seen it.

"It's really you..." The monk's pupils contracted.

The creature in front of me is not the other one.

It is the Dharma of Dao Ancestor Wang!

That creature named "Xie"!

It is also one of the very few Dharma-like beings that can freely break away from the will of the Dharma-appearance owner and act!

As soon as this Dharma image appeared, Wang Ling understood it instantly.

It turns out that Fenmu Shen had this idea from the beginning.

he speculated.

Back then, Dao Ancestor Wang had the task of clearing out the ancient divine weapons. He probably left it to his Dharma-like creatures to complete.

However, some of them are at the bottom of the box.

For example, the statues in front of me had their auras hidden very well, so they escaped unharmed.

Now Fenmu Shen has brought these ancient magic weapons out again.

It is not really necessary to rely on the power of the ancient magic weapon to implement delay.

His true purpose.

He wanted to deliberately leak the aura of the ancient divine weapon. He led "Zheng" here.

As Dao Ancestor Wang's biggest enemy.

The feud between Fenmu Shen and this "Zheng" has been going on for a long time.

He knew it too well, so he took advantage of it.

Cleaning up the ancient divine weapons. And protecting the only inheritance of Dao Ancestor Wang. That is Peng Xiren who is currently trapped in King's Eyes... These are all tasks that belong to "Zheng".

"Zheng. Xiren is no longer what he used to be. You and I should know it very well. The poor monk advises you to let go of your obsession and stop protecting him." Outside the earth, Monk Jin Deng was standing in front of the golden carpet. Give advice with good intentions.

Boom!

All I saw was Zheng holding his arms. A thought. Just for a moment. Heavenly Dao followed the instructions. The aura of chaos burst out.

It exuded endless aura of destruction.

Not a word was said.

But the attitude has been very clear.

Although Dao Ancestor Wang is missing today, he will still do his best to complete the tasks assigned to him by Dao Ancestor Wang.

Clean up the ancient divine weapons!

Protect Peng Xiren!

He wants them all!

The ignorant monk Jin Deng stood in front of him, which made him feel unhappy.

He was just a young monk back then... and almost became a disciple of Dao Ancestor Wang. If it weren't for Dao Ancestor Wang's liking for monks, he would have eliminated this rude monk a long time ago!

Now, the young monk who grew up back then was so bold as to block his way.

This suddenly made Zheng furious. He attempted to use the eternal energy of destruction to shock the monk to death.

However.

The Jin Deng of today is no longer the Jin Deng of then.

Intimidation of this intensity is useless.

He has an agreement with Wang Ling.

Even when Wang Ling is away, he will do his best to protect the earth.

And now.

Facing his former opponent, the monk just clasped his hands together and showed the supreme Buddha's light, the holiest part of Buddhism!

Just for a moment. The universe lit up.

The Buddhist light emitted by the monk and the three-color Buddha fire of the past, future and present surrounding him seemed to have all the power to illuminate. It was vast and boundless.

At this moment, even Zheng felt a little surprised.

The young monk made rapid progress back then.

"I don't know what to do. I have no choice but to kill you."

The next second. Zheng spoke.

He showed his hand and summoned a pitch black rune spear. He assumed a throwing posture and then threw it violently. It stabbed towards the monk's head!

There was a roar. The space collapsed!

This black spear is so terrifying. It completely occupies the space outside the earth in half. It is actually twisted to form a series of new black holes.

The monk frowned slightly.

Just stretch out an index finger. Zoom in infinitely in the universe. Press the tip of the spear against it.

This is the spiritual finger of monk Jin Deng.

It is also the strongest fingering technique among all the fingering methods that the monk can currently master.

The two fought back and forth.

Wang Ling is in the other world. But he can already feel the spirit of the earth trembling.

Keep fighting like this.

This alien battle will sooner or later be noticed by all human cultivators...

Helpless. Wang Ling sighed. He had no choice but to use the power of King's Eyes again. It was like a wifi amplifier device. It amplified the power of Peng XirenLi Zhitong.

Directly derived into the scope of the universe.

"Eh?" realized that the space had changed.

Zheng takes back his rune spear. Stop.

He didn't expect that there were other masters.

His eyes were slightly hesitant, looking at the direction of the earth.

He saw Wang Ling in the world located in the direction of Sun Island.

Then, looking at the monk, he was lost in thought and asked, "Your disciple?"

This question. The monk Jin Deng was so scared that he broke into a sweat on the spot.





Chapter 1536 Dao Ancestor Wang’s Mission②


Zheng looked at Wang Ling from a distance.

The direction of the other world. The young man was sitting slumped in front of the ruins. He looked very tired.

As the master, monk Jin Deng chose to stop him and block his way.

After thinking about it for a while, Zheng felt that his inference was completely reasonable.

"Zheng. You have been taken advantage of. I advise you to stop."

Jin Deng stared at the steel-winged creature in front of him and frowned slightly.

Because the situation at this time is extremely bad.

Fortunately, Wang Ling responded quickly. It used King's Eyes to expand the story of the other world. It included most of the universe on the outer layer of the earth and became part of the other world.

This move is to avoid Zheng's next action, which will destroy the other world and affect the real world.

The other world grows under the radiation of King's Eyes.

Width, thickness and strength. All have been improved on the original basis.

"I do things. I need you to teach me?"

Zheng's eyes stared at the monk.

It was a pair of eyes filled with chaos.

And Zheng. is also a large creature bred from chaos. When it was born, its strength was no less than that of Dao Ancestor Wang's mythical beast.

--The stupid prairie dog who is still in autistic state and has not been de-petrified.

"I'm just following the master's orders." Zheng said.

"You are foolish and loyal." Jin Deng responded.

They're in space, competing against each other.

Wang Ling found out. The next moment, Zheng's sharp claws tightly grasped his rune spear. Suddenly, a chaotic aura was released.

This is an extremely high concentration of chaotic gas.

It seems to give people the illusion of being in chaos.

This is a normal fluctuation for an ancestral powerhouse. With the strength of a monk, it can naturally be tolerated. But this is equivalent to changing the surrounding environment. Any human cultivator (except Wang Ling). Even a monk will feel it in the chaotic energy. Discomfort.

Just like an excellent diver. Even if a monk can withstand the chaos of chaos, there is always a limit.

It's just that this speed is much higher than that of ordinary cultivators on earth and in the divine realm.

If it had been anyone else, I'm afraid it would have exploded under such fluctuations.

"It seems that you are indeed no longer the little monk you were back then."

As an ancestral realm master, Zheng is surprised by the monk's current growth.

It would have been ten thousand years ago. Jin Deng would have lost consciousness in less than five seconds under such chaotic energy.

In fact.

Whether it's natural talent or moral character, at every level.

Jin Deng must surpass Peng Xiren.

If we can get the guidance of Dao Ancestor Wang, Monk Jin Deng can save himself a lot of detours.

What Zheng still can't figure out is.

In the end, Dao Ancestor Wang chose Peng Xiren.

And ordered him to protect this, the only true disciple.

This was the task assigned by Dao Ancestor Wang back then. Zheng certainly cannot be violated.

The same is true even if the grown-up monk Jin Deng stands in front.

Clang!

So. The next second, what awaited the monk was the terrifying rune spear lingering in the air of endless chaos.

Zheng's first long-air strike was just a test. This time it was his full strength.

The spreading radiant purple chaotic energy was mixed with the runes that were constantly dimming and lighting up. It tore the sky apart. The terror was boundless. It penetrated Jin Deng again.

Monk Jin Deng frowned and took out a gold wooden fish.

Ta!

He raised his hand and sacrificed the wooden fish.

This wooden fish rapidly grew in size at a speed visible to the naked eye. Then it burst out with overwhelming divine power, powerful enough to shake a spear.

"Monk. Is this all you have?"

Zheng sneered and let out a loud war cry.

Suddenly, the divine voice filled my ears.

Endless pressure washed down. Even if it did not reach the location where Wang Ling was, the terrifying sound waves rushed away in all directions instantly.

A buzz!

Wang Ling saw that the four ancient divine weapons suppressed by Jingke's sword talisman actually collapsed on the spot!

Huge sound waves hit the surface. Jingke's body was unstable and he was actually swept away on the spot.

Wang Ling responds quickly.

He stood up lightly, calculated Jingke's position accurately, and held him in his arms like a doll.

This is a musical technique specifically targeted at ancient divine weapons.

In order to be responsible for clearing away the ancient divine weapons, Zheng studied many methods.

And this trick is the most effective.

These monsters are made of special materials bred in chaos. They are not afraid of physical spells. But they can be crushed with one blow as long as they are exposed to specific sonic frequencies.

However, such specific sound waves are harmless to living beings other than the ancient divine weapons and will not cause casualties.

At most, he would just be stunned.

To be honest. Zheng’s trick also inspired Wang Ling.

It turns out that the ancient magic weapon can still be dealt with like this.

eh...

He learned.

After this war cry.

Zheng's first mission. That is, the mission of clearing away the remnants of the ancient divine weapons has been completed.

All that's left is to rescue Peng Xiren.

His distant war cry was intended to crush the ancient divine weapon and stun Wang Ling.

But what Zheng didn't expect was.

The ancient divine weapons were destroyed.

But that boy and the child-like White Hair Sword Spirit were both intact. Not even a single hair was lost.

"You have a good disciple, monk." Zheng spoke.

This is a rare compliment.

In the impression of the monk, Zheng rarely praised others.

In fact, the battle cry just now was not just Zheng's test of Wang Ling.

It is also Wang Ling's test of Zheng.

This has shown that the Dharma of this Dao Ancestor Wang is different from the opponents I have encountered before.

Because Jingke is injured.

The moment Wang Ling caught it, he had already noticed that Jingke had suffered internal injuries.

Although it didn't show up, it wasn't very serious.

But just a battle cry can injure his sword spirit.

In the memory of Wang Ling. This is indeed the first time.

"Sword Master. I'm sorry..." Jingke was held in Wang Ling's arms. He felt that Wang Ling was using magic to heal himself. He felt a little ashamed for a moment.

Although he was injured this time, there was also an element of Jingke underestimating the enemy.

But in the current situation, he really couldn't find any extra excuses to excuse himself.

Injured. Just injured.

Wang Ling sighed helplessly.

The disposable Talisman in him started to burn again...

There are more than ninety talismans in total. At this time, more than twenty have been burned.

He knew that he shouldn't show off his power for a while.

Should save some disposable Talisman.

He still has games to come.

But now, seeing Jingke injured, Wang Ling suddenly felt like his own son had been hammered.

Somehow.

He couldn't bear it anymore.

The next moment. Wang Ling raised his hand.

Zheng is confused. What on earth is this young man doing by doing this action?

But soon. He understood instantly!

Because at the next meeting, there was a huge force pressing on Zheng's back.

The position of the earth. The young man's palm actually split the chaos. It passed through layers of void. It had the aura of a great avenue that opened up the world!

Press his back. Slap him towards the earth!

Wang Ling's attack was too sudden.

The rules of the Dao are immense. It took him a moment to react.

He stared at Wang Ling.

I can't figure out why a young man has such terrifying powers.

There wasn't even time to stop it.

The whole person has already followed the force from outside through the earth's atmosphere and rushed towards the surface of the earth.

Boom!!

Like a comet hitting!

In front of Wang Ling, a huge sinkhole was created...





Chapter 1537 As we all know. Wang Ling is a realm


Zheng climbed out of the sinkhole with a radius of hundreds of kilometers. His claws were clasped on the edge of the sinkhole. His mood was complicated.

He's so big. Even Dao Ancestor Wang hasn't beaten him!

I didn't expect that I would be attacked by the monk's disciples now. And it was successful...

Wang Ling strolled over and looked down at Zheng.

This is Dao Ancestor Wang's dharma creature. It is indeed different from the enemies he has dealt with before.

He was clearly slapped from behind. It seemed that he didn't even suffer any internal injuries. He just looked a little disgraced.

If it had been anyone else, I'm afraid he would have vomited blood long ago.

Wang Ling thought in his mind.

He knew that a war was inevitable.

In order to save the disposable Talisman on him, he took off all the remaining sixty or so pieces and put them away temporarily.

These disposable Talisman are for later games.

It would be a pity if it was consumed by the battle in front of me.

I saw Zheng climbing out of the sinkhole. Wang Ling wanted to step forward and step on his toes.

But thinking that if I step on it, there will definitely be a piece of meat paste on the sole of my foot, I still put my foot back.

He was still wearing a pair of white shoes.

Washing shoes etc. is the most troublesome.

Use magic to clean. The purification force is too strong. It is easy to deform the shoes after washing.

So when it comes to cleaning shoes, Wang Ling is usually used to doing it himself.

"Don't think because you're the monk's disciple. I won't kill you..."

After climbing out of the sinkhole, Zheng quickly floated into the air. The black rune spear in his hand erupted. Chaos light was exuding all over his body, sweeping across the sky and the earth.

Wang Ling It is rare to see such a doomsday scene.

Because often when Wang Ling takes action, the entire planet disappears before the end of the world arrives.

There is no doubt that as a Dharma creature of Dao Ancestor Wang, Zheng possesses peerless power. This power is even more terrifying than Peng Xiren.

And how strong the Dharma image is actually reflects the combat power of its owner.

Zheng has such combat power. Dao Ancestor Wang's combat power must be greater than or equal to above.

At this time, Peng Xiren, who was imprisoned in King's Eyes by Wang Ling, also looked at this scene in surprise.

He thought that after entering the ancestral realm, he had reached a level that surpassed that of his master, Dao Ancestor Wang... But now it seems that the gap still exists.

Such a sense of disparity made him feel helpless and deeply unwilling.

He didn't want to be bound by King's Eyes like this.

But in this current situation, he can't get out of here.

Although it was not done willingly, the only person who could help him get out of trouble now seemed to be "Zheng" in front of him.

The overwhelming fury further amplified Zheng's aura.

The entire world is filled with waves of sand, and the sky is filled with particles of chaos. This is a material phenomenon that occurs when the energy of chaos reaches an extreme level.

When these grains of sand are raised, they are like a vast ocean, sweeping across the sky.

The lethality of Chaos Particles is extremely terrifying. If an ordinary person is caught in the storm of Chaos Particles, they will be torn into pieces immediately.

This move. Zheng is often used to clear the field. On the other hand, it also wants to test how strong the physical body of some Wang Ling is.

As a result, the boy was standing there in the storm with his trouser pockets inserted. He didn't even move his bangs.

After an unexpected and somewhat awkward opening.

The place fell into dead silence again.

Jin Deng landed from the universe and was responsible for taking care of Jingke on the side.

When he saw Wang Ling take the picture of Zheng, the monk already knew it. Wang Ling decided to do it himself.

This battle is inevitable.

He wanted to give some advice.

It can be found that Zheng is stubborn.

In fact, you can't blame him.

Everything Zheng did was loyal to Dao Ancestor Wang's orders.

"Zhenren..." The monk revealed his eyes. He knew that Wang Ling had felt what was in his heart.

This is pleading for "Zheng". I hope Wang Ling can be gentler. It won't take a few slaps to kill Zheng.

Although the problem of foolishness and loyalty is indeed difficult to deal with.

However, Zheng has silently done many things in the universe these years that others cannot do for them.

There is also hard work.

This truth. Wang Ling understands.

To be honest, even if the monk didn't say anything, Wang Ling had no intention of killing Zheng.

He just wanted to teach this arrogant Dharma creature a little lesson.

Additionally. For Zheng.

This opponent is different from his previous opponents. In fact, Wang Ling is not confident that a slap can really kill Zheng or seriously injure him.

He looked at Zheng.

At this time, there was only one thought in my mind.

That is.

This battle.

I'm afraid I need to be a little more serious.

"Interesting... Interesting!" At this moment. The Rune Spear was in his hand. He spoke to the monk who was taking care of Jingke at the side: "Monk. This disciple of yours. He's really good at what he does . Of all the juniors I've fought. I would call him the strongest!"

Wang Ling, Jin Deng: "..."

This misunderstanding is too deep.

Jin Deng actually wanted to explain clearly, but for a moment he didn't know how to speak.

Because of his first reaction when he saw Wang Ling.

It is the same as Zheng now.

I just feel that Wang Ling is too young.

It is impossible for a strong young man in his teens to be invincible in the world.

So Jin Deng felt that he was really not qualified to laugh at "Zheng".

Everyone has been here.

This matter doesn’t require much explanation.

Just get a few slaps and you'll know.

"What a pity. Monk."

At this time, Zheng pointed the tip of the spear at Wang Ling: "Although your apprentice is excellent, he will surely perish here today!"

The words just fell!

A moment!

War arouses!

It was like a beast roaring in chaos. With a huge roar, the scene in front of you changed. Space and time were disrupted!

The space in front of Wang Ling exploded on the spot.

Boom!

The earth cracked open. Stretching for infinite distances. Measured in units of thousands of miles. Black cracks continued to spread in all directions. There were bottomless black abyss everywhere.

Endless flames of chaos gush out from the cracks.

"Earthly Ancestor level." Wang Ling frowned.

At this moment, he truly felt the true realm of Zheng.

A strong man in the ancestral realm. Still an Earthly Ancestor.

The strength is indeed extraordinary.

Such a scene seems destructive and grand. But in fact it is just a basic operation of the Earthly Ancestor environment. Zheng has not taken it seriously yet.

Wang Ling What I’m thinking at the moment is.

Fortunately, the inner world has been strengthened by him.

Otherwise, it will collapse.

The flames of chaos burned the entire world, turning Wang Ling's black hair into fiery red.

His pair of King's Eyes are even more fiery red.

This doomsday scene makes Wang Ling feel unhappy.

The existence of Chaos Flame is actually very detrimental to Jingke.

Wang Ling frowned slightly.

King's Eyes started running immediately.

A golden vortex overflowed from Wang Ling's pupils. Then it multiplied to infinity. It was like a man-made black hole. It swallowed up all the chaotic objects in front of it...

Then, the turbulent world returned to calm.

"Is that the only way?"

Wang Ling stared at the Dharma creature with trembling pupils. There was only one sentence left.

...

PS: Let’s sort out the realms again: Foundation Building, Golden Core, Nascent Soul, Soul Formation, Itinerant Immortal, True Immortal, True Venerated Immortal, Venerated Immortal, Sage Immortal, Dao Immortal, Dao Supreme, Dao God, Dao Ancestor, Human Ancestor, Earthly Ancestor, Heavenly Ancestor, Ancestor King, Ancestor Immortal...Wang Ling...





Chapter 1538 Wang Ling style education


The originally vast doomsday of chaos was swallowed up by King's Eyes in an instant. Those raging flames of chaos were extinguished in an instant. It was as desolate as a solitary smoke in the desert.

When Wang Ling takes back King's Eyes. It only takes a few seconds of immersion.

The next moment!

Boom!

The endless chaos energy, accompanied by the chaotic flames, became more ferocious than before. Super Zheng was swallowed up!

This is the charged counterattack of King's Eyes. It has the effect of doubling the repayment.

The longer you hold it in, the greater your strength will be.

Wang Ling dare not hold it in for too long. If he holds it in for a few minutes and repays it with hundreds of times of power... I am afraid that the entire solar system around the world will be annihilated in an instant.

"This..." In King's Eyes, Peng Xiren saw this amazing scene.

He had imagined how powerful Wang Ling's King's Eyes would be.

But the ability to instantly absorb spells and return them twice as much...Peng Xiren has never seen it before.

The scene in front of me is too terrifying.

The chaotic flames emitted by King's Eyes were several times more damaging than Zheng's previous explosion. The blazing temperature burned the space on the spot, forming a large black hole.

The tongues of fire were ferocious. They devoured the ground in front of them, turning everything within sight into scorched earth in an instant.

A large amount of sea water was evaporated. For a time, the whole world was filled with white mist.

This move hits the front of Zheng. However, after all, it is the ability to repay the other person's way multiple times.

Moreover, Zheng itself is also extremely powerful.

I'm afraid this little strength can't hurt him.

Wang Ling This move. The first is to intimidate. The second is to force.

He wanted to push hard. Zheng looked like he was using all his strength.

After all, he has never fought against people or creatures from the Earthly Ancestor before.

And Wang Ling doesn’t know what the upper limit of his current strength is.

If he can beat Zheng, his own strength should be above that of Earthly Ancestor, right?

Who knows...

In the white mist, Zheng's figure appeared again. He looked taller than before. His height soared to more than three meters. He was the same as those ancient magic soldiers.

Although the huge figure looks scary, it does not give Wang Ling a sense of oppression.

The only difference is that he has a jet black armor with Heavenly Dao runes engraved on it.

"It's Chaos Armor." Jin Deng frowned.

He has had several battle experiences with Zheng. He is well aware of some of Zheng's methods.

Chaos Armor is something that Zheng has extracted from Chaos since he was born. It can be regarded as a gift given to him by Chaos. Including the Chaos Gun in his hand, it is also a thing of Chaos.

Chaos objects are one order of magnitude stronger than their counterparts of boundary-level magic weapons.

Now two chaos objects are in the hands of Zheng, making his combat power actually stronger than that of the ancestral realm.

Chaos Armor has been strengthened to a terrifying level under Zheng's constant sacrifice for so many years.

It allows Zheng to travel smoothly in chaos. And it is immune to all damage from chaos...

In other words, the attack of King's Eyes that doubled the damage just now has failed.

Zheng emerged from the fog.

At this time, the way he looked at Wang Ling had obviously changed.

Then he glanced at the monk Jin Deng who was standing next to him. He couldn't help but twitch the corner of his mouth: "Master, why are you weaker than your apprentice?"

"..."

Jin Deng wanted to retort.

But after thinking about it, I feel like there is nothing wrong with what he said...except for the problem with the master-disciple relationship. He is indeed weaker than Wang Ling!

However, he could hear such a sentence from Zheng's mouth. Jin Deng felt that this was Zheng's recognition of Wang Ling's opponent.

But it's obvious that Zheng hasn't understood the seriousness of the problem.

Because Ling Zhenren is Ling Zhenren.

Wang Ling.

No one ever needs to recognize him.

The next second. Zheng transformed the rune spear in his hand into a pair of fist gloves that firmly covered his arms.

He no longer uses long-range spells for testing. He directly switches to close combat.

Ta!

A simple but violent blow. It hit Wang Ling's right arm on the spot. The blow did not cause much pain. It just caused an itching feeling.

On the other hand, after Xie's blow, Wang Ling read, a series of painful sounds sounded in Xie's heart.

Damn! It hurts! It hurts, it hurts...

Wang Ling: "..."

But Zheng still endured it and did not show it directly.

Afterwards, Wang Ling still did not take action. He only took a defensive posture. The figures of the two sides intertwined. The battle looked particularly fierce. In a short period of time, he and Wang Ling exchanged hundreds of blows.

"No one has ever fought like this with the sword master..."

Next to him, Jingke’s eyes moved.

Although he is watching, he is also learning.

As the number one sword spirit under Wang Ling. The master of the Sword King Realm.

Jingke's potential has actually not been reached to its maximum.

The monk looked at Jingke's serious face. He was also horrified...

The master and the servant are indeed monsters.

You can grow just by looking...

It's like the comforting thought of many scum who don't listen well in class: what the teacher says is in the book anyway. So since it's in the book. Just go home and read the book. It doesn't matter if you go to class or not. It's okay to feel the water...

However, it turns out that there are some things that cannot be seen just by looking at them.

People who can understand by watching.

Like Jingke. They're all demons.

Zheng's movement, martial arts and fighting skills are all very skilled and advanced.

These experiences accumulated from eternity are too numerous to imagine.

Monk Jin Deng didn't understand why Wang Ling didn't take action at first. Instead, he took a defensive posture.

But at this moment, he saw Jingke studying next to him.

It dawned on me in an instant.

It turns out Wang Ling. was intentional!

He deliberately let go of the fight with Zheng. This gave Jingke the opportunity to learn on the side!

I can watch it for a while just by looking at it...it's outrageous!

However, in the duel between masters, they all feel each other.

Wang Ling was so obviously perfunctory. It made Zheng angry.

"You only know how to defend? Aren't you very good at fighting? Come! Fight with me!" he shouted. He used his fists to quickly attack with magical weapons. In just one second, his fists were like flying. He could hit up to Thousands of punches.

Wang Ling blocked it carelessly.

At the same time, I was also observing Jingke’s learning progress.

The little guys and students are very fast.

This is his sword spirit. So he knows it best.

After about two minutes of fighting with Zheng.

Wang Ling feels that Jingke’s study time is almost up.

"Boom!"

A punch without any magic modification. It is also the frontal attack that Zheng has been waiting for.

"Yes! That's it! Come on! Let me see how powerful your punch is..."

The word "strong" didn't escape his lips. Under Zheng's ecstatic eyes, the punch hit him directly in the abdomen.

This is a punch that Zheng cannot stop with the naked eye.

He can punch tens of thousands of punches in one second. His punch speed is extremely fast! I don’t know how many times stronger than those female punches!

However, Wang Ling's punch speed is even more powerful than his!

The naked eye couldn't react in time. A punch was already aimed at the abdomen.

What followed was severe pain in the abdomen and vomiting of blood!

"Cough!" Purple blood spurted out from Zheng's mouth. It was a big mouthful. The blood dripped on the ground and immediately incinerated a pit millions of miles deep.

Wang Ling frowned.

I didn't expect Zheng's blood to have such powerful energy.

Now he realized why the monk asked him to be merciful. If he didn't take action, he would kill Zheng.

On the one hand, this is due to old feelings.

And to organize further destruction of the planet.

Should Xie die.

He'll blow himself up.

And the force of that explosion could be devastating to half the universe.

Just a mouthful of blood can have such terrifying destructive power. If Zheng was punched by him and exploded like a watermelon, then Wang Ling would be tantamount to detonating a huge cosmic-level nuclear bomb.

"Clang!"

At this moment, a trembling sound came.

Zheng took out a magical weapon that emitted purple fluorescence.

It was an ancient picture. It looked like it was from eternity. It had terrifying pressure.

Is it another chaos device...

The sense of oppression from the Chaos Device is very strong.

It is the most terrifying of all the magic weapons that Wang Ling has seen so far.

I don’t know how many times it is stronger than those anti-realm magic weapons.

"Go!" The Swordman shouted. The ancient map has already flown up. It's wrapped around Wang Ling!

"Supreme Corpse Map..." The monk recognized the origin of this magical weapon.

This is a chaos device owned by Dao Ancestor Wang back then.

I just didn't expect that this chaos device would actually appear in the hands of Zheng.

Supreme Corpse Map!

Back then, Dao Ancestor Wang used this magical weapon to suppress countless powerful enemies! And every successful suppression would increase the power of the Corpse Map!

This is a magic weapon with no upper limit.

Ridiculously strong!

Wang Ling is very strong.

And Zheng also noticed this and sacrificed this magic weapon.

If we can successfully suppress Wang Ling.

This Corpse Map must not be instantly strengthened to an unknown number of levels...

"You can't escape."

Zheng After using the Corpse Map, he put on an attitude of watching a show: "There were many eternal strong men who were suppressed by this Corpse Map back then. They were all outstanding in strength. In the end, they were all defeated. It's in the hands of Corpse Map. And Corpse Map's current strength cannot be measured numerically..."

His face looked extremely confident.

"Ling Zhenren, be careful! Don't get entangled in pictures!" Even the monk became nervous.

In the history of the Chaos Device, the status of the Supreme Corpse Map is self-evident. Although the monk unswervingly believes in the strength of Wang Ling... But at this time, he saw Zheng sacrifice This Supreme Corpse Map.

He couldn't resist a word of caution.

Because in the long course of history.

He saw too much. For underestimating the Shroud of the Supreme. The masters who were eventually suppressed.

How could those masters not raise their arms and make the sun and moon eclipse?

However, they all lost in the hands of this supreme Corpse Map.

Just like the name of this magical weapon.

was suppressed.

And then smelted...

It became a corpse left in eternity.

At this time, when the Supreme Corpse Map was opened, the long map stretching for thousands of miles was filled with an endless and terrifying atmosphere of blood and chaos.

All of a sudden, Wang Ling's pupils shrank slightly.

On the thousands-mile-long scroll in front of you, there appeared countless bones. They were densely piled on top of the Corpse Map...

These are the powerful men who were once suppressed by the Supreme Corpse Map.

They were trapped in the scroll. Eventually, they were drained of all their strength and died.

Some of these bones are in a sitting position, indicating weakness.

You are standing in a standing posture, which indicates a kind of helplessness.

There were also bones, clawing at the edge of the scroll, as if they were about to crawl out of the scroll at the next moment... They tried to break through the Corpse Map, but failed. It foreshadowed a kind of despair...

Wang Ling actually never thought of it.

There are actually such anti-human magical weapons in this universe.

But the so-called chaos weapons are not man-made. They are bred and refined from chaos.

Because the quantity is limited, it is precious because of its amazing power.

Each chaos weapon has its own independent wisdom. It mainly depends on whether you have the ability to conquer them...

When Dao Ancestor Wang obtained this Corpse Map, the Corpse Map was not very powerful.

And now eons have passed.

Devoured and drained so many strong men.

The Corpse Map has obviously been matched. The word "Supreme" in front of it.

Forcibly suppress Wang Ling.

Then use the power of the Corpse Map to release Peng Xiren who was sealed in the King's Eyes.

This is Zheng's next planning strategy.

"You can force me to sacrifice the Corpse Map. Wang Ling...your strength. I recognize it." Zheng spoke.

The long scroll of thousands of miles was like a swimming dragon under his control. It surrounded Wang Ling from all directions.

"Take it!" The next second. Zheng's palm grabbed hard. The Wanli scroll suddenly pulled inwards.

But at this moment.

Chi!

Accompanied by a brown sword light soaring into the sky, the world shook and boiled again!

"Um?"

The mahogany sword that was originally injured by his battle cry, took action again. This was something Xie didn't expect.

"Out of your depth!" He laughed coldly. He manipulated the corpse map and rolled it towards Jingke at the same time.

This is a chaos weapon that has grown up over the ages. Especially one that can be shaken by a little sword spirit that has just been born?

But the next moment.

The brown sword light in the air suddenly exploded!

Thousands of meteors fell from the sky, like a sudden explosion of fireworks.

In an instant, the explosion caused the Corpse Map to collapse on the spot!

The thousand-mile scroll was cut into pieces and turned into countless scraps of paper scattered in the sky!

"you..."

A sudden scene that shocked Zheng.

He could clearly feel that the aura of this little sword spirit was different from before.

In a short period of time, he actually became stronger than before?

What is this...

"Destroy my Corpse Map! You are looking for death!" Zheng yelled. He rushed forward to fight with Jingke. Jingke saw the path of the punch clearly and easily dodged it by turning sideways.

This movement looks familiar in Zheng.

Because this is his own body style!

And now. Zheng finally understands why Wang Ling didn't fight him properly before!

It turns out that all this is to provide his sword spirit with an online teaching opportunity...

The spirit of Dharma under his majestic Dao Ancestor Wang could actually be taken advantage of by a young man!

This made Zheng feel like he was vomiting blood.

This feeling is just like the psychotic female artist yesterday who charged 2,900 yuan for painting, painted a work worth 500 yuan, and then publicly said that she was bullied. Ku Xuan was so angry that he almost had a cerebral hemorrhage!

Supreme Corpse Map. This was something given to him by Dao Ancestor Wang.

Over the years, Zheng has been using it carefully.

But he never expected that today, the Corpse Map would be directly cut into pieces...

"I'll fight you!"

Zheng went crazy. He rushed forward desperately.

Jingke was also a little angry.

The appearance of Zheng before made him lose face in front of Wang Ling.

But this place. He has found it now.

But these alone are obviously not enough.

"Sheath - come -" This time, it was Jingke who said it himself.

Under the extremely calm words, a mahogany sword scabbard suddenly appeared in the other world.

Critical moment. Bai Qiao sacrifices himself.

It’s not that Jingke thinks he can’t beat him now.

But I feel that when facing the spirit of Dharma under Dao Ancestor Wang, he should respect his complete body!

It's not just because we want to get together. That's why we made such an excuse.

And when Bai Qiao appeared, Zheng also had a look of disbelief on his face.

There was only one question mark in his mind.

That's why this scabbard has spirit...

The scabbard and sword body should originally be inseparable.

It is impossible to have both a sword spirit and a sheath spirit.

But the scene in front of him was obviously beyond Zheng's understanding once again.

He charged towards Jingke regardless.

After a snow-white light flashed in front of his eyes, a young man slightly larger than Jingke appeared in front of him.

The young man was wearing a white fur coat with flying snowy hair. The protruding hair on the top of his head was particularly dazzling.

With a condescending look and an arrogant attitude, he grabbed Zheng's fist on the spot and squeezed his flesh fist firmly in his palm.

Wang Ling saw this scene. He already knew it in his heart. I am afraid that there is no suspense in the next battle.

Don't say you want to kill this Zheng.

Next, I'm afraid even Jingbai's defense won't be able to break through.

Heavy white snow began to fall in the other world.

There is chaos in the snow.

Zheng has always been sensitive to chaos. Some people have sensed it.

"Who are you?" From these chaotic snows, Zheng felt that the reborn sword spirit in front of him had an unusual origin.

He frowned and stared at the shocked white man.

"You are not qualified to know..." Jingbai retorted.

He stood with his hands behind his hands. His face was as white as jade. When he spoke, he had a feeling of vastness.

"No one has ever spoken to me like this. You are too confident." Zheng snorted. When he defeated the invincible opponent in the world, he was probably shocked before he was born.

In fact, I can't figure it out why Jingbai had the courage to talk to him.

However, at the next moment, Jingbai looked at him with an indifferent expression: "It's all over."

Under the dull voice, a sword light mixed with brown and white colors emerged from the white fingertips with a power that divided the world!

The strong sword intent stretched for hundreds of millions of miles and affected the entire solar system. All the planets contracted and trembled after receiving the inspiration.

Although this battle is in another world, this kind of fluctuation is so strong that it can penetrate!

Everyone inside and outside the world suddenly felt shuddering!

At that time, all those people on the earth were trembling for no reason. The fundamental reason behind it was Jingbai's sword energy that penetrated the inner and outer worlds!

This sword light towers over the sky and the earth. It stretches for countless thousands of miles. It is boundless.

Zheng just can’t figure it out.

Why does a sword spirit have such terrifying power!

The earth began to divide. The earth spirit in the inner world let out a painful howl. It was like a kitchen knife was inserted into the belly of the earth. Then it slowly split forward.

Boom!

Then, white lightning appeared in the void again. The madness was boundless.

The sound was louder than anyone imagined. Countless snow-colored thunder dragons were roaring. The sound seemed to come from eternity. It was terrifying to hear.

At this time.

Zheng's expression finally changed. He looked shocked and said, "You...are you from eternity?"

He has seen all the powerful men throughout the ages, but he never remembered such a number one figure...

"You are thinking too much."

His face turned pale with shock, and his face remained unmoved. He just hummed.

"Impossible! You are definitely an eternal person! And your master! How can you be only sixteen years old!" Zheng felt more and more. The Wang Ling in front of him was shocked and had an unusual origin.

"Are you trying to excuse your failure? I have seen a lot of losers. I thought you were different. But I didn't expect that you are no different from those losers. You know you are going to lose, so you just make excuses."

Jingbai frowned slightly: "You haven't thought about it. Do we just look older?"

"..."

These words left Zheng speechless for a moment.

Even if you look older... you can't be as old as eternity!

The two people in front of me are obviously of eternal strength...

However, many of those eternal strong men have been suppressed in the Supreme Corpse Map just now!

"Leave it alone. You are not worthy of standing in the same void as this king."

The next second. Accompanied by shocked words, the terrifying sword energy that penetrated the world suddenly "buzzed"! It suddenly attacked and cut towards Zheng's body!

The pitch-black Chaos Armor suffered a huge earthquake. The shock caused Zheng to vomit blood again.

This sword energy is too strong!

Even with the obstruction of Chaos Armor, the sword energy still split apart like electricity and rushed into his body!

As a result, Zheng felt like he was being hit by strong electricity all over his body.

Boom!

The blood energy rolled. The Chaos Armor was torn apart on the spot by the frightening brown-white sword energy. The broken armor. Countless fragments ended up with the chaotic light. Finally, they gradually dissipated under the naked eye and became particles of dust in the universe...

Zheng failed.

It was a complete defeat.

And he knows it very well.

I still have to hold on to the sword energy just now.

The little sword spirit after the merger. The young man standing in front of him now was shocked.

Its combat power is above that of Earthly Ancestor!

"you..."

Zheng had blood oozing from the corners of his mouth. He stood up from the ground with difficulty: "Why on earth? You have to go against me to this point..."

Jingbai tilted his neck and looked at him: "My sword master has something. It's in Peng Xiren's hand."

"What?" Zheng gritted his teeth.

He knows.

At this point, Zheng feels that we can only negotiate.

His mission is to protect Peng Xiren.

If you can give me something, save this person. Zheng thinks this is a good deal.

"A black stone. Its radiation has the effect of limiting power." Jingbai spoke. Instead of Wang Ling, he said what Wang Ling wanted to say.

"Immaterial Stone?"

Zheng frowned. He breathed hard: "What you said should be the treasure left by my master Dao Ancestor Wang. The stone that was bred from chaos."

"It seems. You know."

"That's my master's thing. Of course I know..."

Zheng said: "As long as we have this, we can let him go, right?"

This time. Wang Ling took a step forward and spoke proactively: "Yes."

Peng Xiren is actually not too critical. What Wang Ling really wants is the stone.

After all, Peng Xiren is such a good person.

You can capture it whenever you want.

He originally thought that Zheng would put forward any other conditions.

And that's when it happened. I saw a relieved look on my opponent's face. Begin to show a look of want to cry without tears. Directly began to scold: "Fuck! Just wanted a stone! If I had known you wanted this stone, I wouldn't have fought!"

He was really distressed.

In order to rescue Peng Xiren.

Taken together with the Supreme Corpse Map and his Chaos Armor. Two pieces of chaos equipment...

The loss is too great!





Chapter 1539 The mysterious object "Destiny"


To be honest. Although Chaos Armor and Corpse Map are chaos weapons, they are just two toys in the eyes of Wang Ling.

He was being chased by a corpse map. It seemed weak. In fact, it's a chance for Jingke, who has been merged with Bai Qiao. Jingke, who became Jingbai, will be given a chance.

Facts have proved that Wang Ling’s thinking is correct.

It's rare to have a coach who can defeat Jingke at the beginning.

I'm afraid it will be difficult to encounter such an experience in the future.

"When you encounter strength, you will become stronger." That's why Jingke became the King of Sword World. It is also the reason why Jingke can become the number one sword under Wang Ling. The high growth rate of + level. The strong learning ability that comes with it. Jingke's strength is unrivaled in the Sword Spirit circle.

Wang Ling feels that the main reason why Zheng failed in this battle is that there were too many redundant actions and nonsense.

Too much time was given.

Maybe you were indeed stronger than Jingke a second ago.

But if you don't kill Jingke immediately.

Then in the next second, when Jingke learns and achieves superior combat power, you will be the one who is destroyed.

However, Wang Ling thought about this summary of the battle and still did not say it out loud.

Because this seems to be a problem that everyone who fights against them has...

When Jingbai put forward the demand for "Immaterial Stone".

Zheng’s reaction is actually very surprising.

Because it looks like Zheng is not only familiar with this kind of stone, but also gives people the illusion that... this stone seems to be very common.

"What exactly is the Immaterial Stone?" Monk Jin Deng couldn't help but stepped forward and asked, "If you can provide the Immaterial Stone, Ling Zhenren might be happy. Not only that, he might also be able to repair your Two torn pieces of Chaos."

"Repair the Chaos Device?"

Zheng laughed: "Monk, are you kidding me? What is a Chaos Device? You and I should know both. The Supreme Corpse Map and my Chaos Armor are in pieces. There is no way to repair them. possibility."

The monk spread his hands and showed an expression of disbelief.

Everyone did not speak. Instead, they waited quietly for Zheng to tell the origin of "Immaterial Stone".

This magical black stone that Wang Ling has been thinking about for a long time. What kind of past does it have... This is something that even Wang Ling is very curious about.

"Do you still remember Dao Ancestor's state regression in the Eternal Era?" Zheng said.

The blood on his body has dried up. When he spoke, there was a strong aura of kidney deficiency in his body. It seemed that he had difficulty breathing.

The indestructible jet-black fur on his arms and chest was injured by the frightening sword energy. It was burned to pieces by the sword energy.

If it weren't for the fact that the topic is very serious now.

The monk felt that he could not help but laugh out loud on the spot.

He sat down cross-legged and said while adjusting his breath.

We have completely given up on fighting Wang Ling.

Although Wang Ling did not sacrifice his Dharma Spirit. But even so, he had to admit that the young man in front of him was indeed ridiculously strong.

He has never even fought against the opponent's sword spirit. How could he be this young man's opponent?

"The matter of realm regression. Is it related to the Immaterial Stone?" The monk frowned and thought after hearing Zheng's words.

Because in his impression, Dao Ancestor Wang's state is always advancing and retreating.

It's not that it's unstable. It's just that Dao Ancestor Wang sometimes seeks death by experimenting with new spells or exploring unknown areas. Therefore, there is often a regression in his realm.

But Dao Ancestor Wang is the pioneer of cultivation civilization after all.

It doesn't matter even if your realm has regressed.

Because you can practice cultivation again.

And the time. It won’t be too long.

"Lord Dao Ancestor's state of decline happens from time to time. But that time in the Eternal Era is the most serious one. Don't you have any doubts, monk?" Zheng said.

"What the hell happened."

"The destiny changes. There are cracks. Dao Ancestor has to find a way."

The monk frowned when he heard this.

The so-called "fate chaos position" refers to the center of chaos in the universe. It is always in a quiet state. If something happens, the place of chaos will expand into the universe wantonly.

The dark matter hidden in the universe will completely explode. I am afraid that all life in the entire universe will be annihilated.

"Is there a crack in the destiny mix position?" the monk asked.

But he felt that things were not that simple.

If it were just a story about Nuwa mending the sky, it would indeed be a bit disappointing.

"A mysterious object appeared in the fate of that year. Dao Ancestor said that if someone is interested in getting it, it will affect all living beings in the universe. Since then, Dao Ancestor has been thinking of ways to seal the mysterious object."

"What on earth is that? You are his dharma image. Have you never seen it?"

"I can't see clearly what the mysterious object looks like. Even Dao Ancestor can't see clearly."

Zheng sighed: "During that time, Dao Ancestor went deep into dangerous places to search for the Immaterial Stone. He also fabricated the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube and placed it in various directions in the universe. It was said to restrict chaos. In fact, it was all to suppress this mysterious object. Come."

"But what on earth is that..."

"I don't know." Zheng shook his head: "Dao Ancestor calls it the destiny. Those who get it can get the destiny."

"That's it." At this time, Jingbai nodded: "That is to say, the Immaterial Stone was brought by Dao Ancestor Wang to restrict the destiny."

"That's it."

Zheng said: "I don't know where Dao Ancestor brought it from. But I do still have some left."

"This thing has powerful sealing power. Don't you feel uncomfortable?"

"Not at all." Zheng said, "Because I have pica. I often eat strange things, which causes severe constipation."

Everyone: "..."

Zheng: "Sometimes if you use too much force, people will take off like a jet. So, this Immaterial Stone actually helped me. It is in every bathroom in my mansion. There is a piece."

Everyone: "..."

Obviously. This is a tasteful picture.

Just listening. Even Wang Ling couldn't help but frown.

"You want Immaterial Stone. I can provide it. But the condition is that you must release Xiren. This is my agreement with the master. Please don't embarrass me." Zheng said.

After that, he took out a black box. With a flick of his fingertips, it fell into Wang Ling's hand: "The black stone inside is the size of an egg. If you still feel it's not enough, I'll go back to the toilet of my mansion to get some." "

"That's enough."Wang Ling took the black box.

Then use the power to release Peng Xiren's soul as agreed.

After Peng Xiren was released, he looked cursing.

Just as he was about to speak, Zheng covered his mouth.

Then there was a loud "slap" slap in the face.

Zheng was angry: "Prodigal thing! For you, I destroyed two chaos devices!"

Peng Xiren felt that he had never been so wronged.

But now, he can only endure it.

At the same time, Zheng appeared this time. This was something Peng Xiren did not expect.

He thought Dao Ancestor Wang disappeared.

As the spirit of Dharma, Zheng. will also disappear together.

Unexpectedly, Zheng, as an independent individual, appeared in front of him at this moment...

and.

What exactly is that mysterious thing called "Destiny"?

This time, Peng Xiren felt that he was defeated.

But a lot of new ideas were added to his mind...





Chapter 1540 The Crisis of Zheng


Wang Ling watched Zheng leave with Peng Xiren.

Peng Xiren is about 1.85 meters tall. He was easily lifted by Zheng's arm...

Even the soul has weight.

Peng Xiren's cultivation level is not good enough compared to Wang Ling, but his soul is still very heavy.

Zheng was carrying him like a chick. And Zheng himself was more like a hen protecting the chick.

The picture in front of me couldn't help but make Wang Ling fall into deep thought.

This strong sense of déjà vu made him sigh.

This fight with Zheng was an accident.

At the same time, Wang Ling was also surprised that Wang Ling was able to obtain the black stone he had longed for so easily.

Although the process was full of twists and turns, at least the results were within expectations.

Wang Ling opened the black box in his hand. He stared at the dark Immaterial Stone inside. Chaos energy surged inside. It was extremely powerful.

Same as before. Wang Ling's King's Eyes cannot see through the nature of this Immaterial Stone.

And. Wang Ling can clearly feel that his strength has been greatly suppressed by the suppression of Immaterial Stone.

But I mean it's huge.

Even if suppressed. Wang Ling is still very strong.

As for this black box, it is specially made by Zheng.

It has the ability to block Immaterial Stone radiation.

In general, Immaterial Stone has the effect that Wang Ling wants to have.

But it cannot be activated directly yet.

Because the radiation from Immaterial Stone is too intense.

With the black box open, not only could it radiate to itself, but even the monk next to him, Jingbai, felt a strong sense of oppression.

It didn't take long for Jingbai to separate automatically under the radiation of the Immaterial Stone.

It changed back to the sword body and scabbard of the peach wood sword.

Whether it was Jingke or Bai Qiao, both of them looked obviously ugly and pale at this time, as if they had just had a serious illness.

"danger..."

When Wang Ling saw this, he quickly closed the black box again. Only then did everyone around him feel relieved and relaxed a lot.

The radiation intensity of this Immaterial Stone is too strong.

Don't talk about yourself.

Even Jingbai and the monk's level of combat power can feel a sense of oppression.

If this were enabled on Earth.

Just this egg-sized Immaterial Stone can probably kill many cultivators on Earth...

So Wang Ming wants to study "Immaterial Stone" next. I'm afraid he has to start with the "black box" that blocks the radiation of Immaterial Stone.

With Wang Ming's ability.

Wang Ling thinks he can definitely do it.

At this moment. In this world.

Zheng. And Peng Xiren's aura has completely disappeared.

They broke away from the shackles of the other world.

The monk frowned. He felt vaguely uncomfortable: "Did Ling Zhenren also feel it..."

"Yeah."Wang Ling nodded.

Jin Deng has always been sensitive.

Especially for some speculations on "fate".

He felt that Zheng would suffer disaster if he went back with Peng Xiren this time.

Injured state. He also lost two pieces of chaos equipment that could be used to save his life.

This is the time when Zheng is at its weakest.

Peng Xiren certainly didn't expect that his master had disappeared for so long. In the end, his master's dharma-like creature actually still existed independently.

On the combat power in its heyday. Peng Xiren is by no means Zheng's opponent.

But now that I'm injured, it's hard to say.

Because there is Fenmu Shen over there in Peng Xiren.

Wang Ling has never been a nosy person.

But it’s exactly what the monk said.

Zheng exists. In fact, it is necessary.

So I thought of this. Wang Ling took a few steps forward and looked at the mess on the ground.

Broken Chaos Armor. The black armor has been completely cut into pieces.

These fragments are quietly embedded in the earth of the other world. Like withered black rose petals, they are emitting the light before they wither completely.

And some golden confetti scattered around these fragments is another mess left after the Corpse Map was "torn into pieces" by Jingbai.

These two chaos devices are crucial to Zheng. Now that they are destroyed, it will greatly damage Zheng's cultivation.

At this time, the King's Eyes of Wang Ling are rendered golden.

"Eight-Character Method". Activate at this moment.

As the three Golden Lotus in the pupils rotated clockwise, the powerful pupils overflowed, covering the mess in front of them.

"This is?"

The monk was stunned.

This was the first time he saw Wang Ling perform such a trick.

What surprised him even more was the pupil technique itself.

"There is something and there is nothing. The reality and reality come into being..."

It can actually turn reality into illusion. Illusion into reality.

This...is this still an ability that humans have?

The monk opened his mouth in surprise.

This kind of pupil technique can make a person invincible!

But before, Wang Ling always chose to keep a low profile and never sacrificed it in front of a monk.

Now Monk Jin Deng was shocked.

soon.

Under the operation of pupil power, Chaos Armor and Corpse Map were both repaired.

Wang Ling handed the Chaos Armor to the monk to deal with. The monk is familiar with Zheng. After knowing this time, he will always know the whereabouts of Zheng.

Repair the Chaos Machine. This is not the job of Wang Ling.

It can only be regarded as a little return gift after Zheng took the initiative to hand over the Immaterial Stone.

As for the Corpse Map.

Wang Ling needs to stay and study for a while.

As Zheng said before, this Supreme Corpse Map contains many ancient powerful men who were suppressed in those years.

Wang Ling feels that maybe he has a way to communicate with these powerful people from all ages, so as to further understand the secrets of the Eternal Era.

"Don't worry, Ling Zhenren. I'll take care of this matter right away."

After accepting the Chaos Armor, Jin Deng deeply understood the advantages and disadvantages of this Chaos Armor.

So the next second he took a step forward.

The whole person disappeared directly into the other world...

...

You should be able to catch up, right?

Wang Ling thought in his mind.

He looked at the messy other world and sighed silently in his heart. Then he turned back to reality.

The battle just now seemed like a long time. But there's still a difference in the flow of time between the inside world and the real world.

In fact. In reality, Wang Ling was just stunned.

About ten minutes passed.

Wang Ling was calmly sticking his hands in his pants pockets. Almost at the same time as Sun Rong.

He deliberately delayed his time so that his breakthrough time would not appear to be too early.

But what I didn't expect was that Sun Rong had the same idea as him. Even the timing was surprisingly consistent.

Wang Ling saw Sun Rong and nodded to himself. He was about to come over.

As a result, I was cut off by another girl on the way.

This person is none other than Matsushita Singha, who was possessed by Peng Xiren before.

Wang Ling came to the rescue at that time. Then before leaving, he also added an illusion to tamper with Matsushita Singha's memory.

Originally, Matsushita Singha and Sun Rong, who was playing "Jiugong Liangzi", were on the same page because of conflicts before the start of the game.

When the two women appeared in the same picture, they also attracted a lot of attention.

Everyone thought that Matsushita Singha went to declare war with Sun Rong who played "Jiugong Liangzi".

As a result, at this time, the girl blushed and took Sun Rong's hand. She was shy but also a little domineering and said: "Jiugong Liangzi! I...I like you!"

Sun Rong: "..."

"..."

Wang Ling supports the amount.

He really didn't expect that things would turn out like this...





Chapter 1541 Sun Rong: After all, I paid by mistake


Sun Rong was caught off guard by the sudden confession.

She didn't know what happened. As a result, Matsushita Singha's attitude towards her suddenly changed dramatically.

But the serious expression on Matsushita Singha's face in front of her really made her feel at a loss.

Although she has been working hard to play the role of "Jiugong Liangzi", she never wanted to find a girlfriend for Jiugong Liangzi!

If Zhuo Yi knew about this. That Wouldn't be so good...

In this case, Sun Rong feels that it would be more appropriate to refuse directly.

Rather than letting Matsushita Singha like herself, she felt it would be better to let the girl in front of her continue to hate her.

So after thinking carefully, Sun Rong followed Jiugong Liangzi's example and pulled away Matsushita Singha's hand on her arm. Then she turned her head and hummed: "Classmate Matsushita Singha. I can't possibly like girls!" It's impossible between us!"

In the end, the words were left unspoken. After saying this, Matsushita Singha was as happy as a lotus flower: "Ah! Thank you, classmate Jiugong Liangzi! I will try my best!"

Sun Rong: "???"

Matsushita Singha is really happy.

This kind of happiness is not fake.

Because as we all know, classmate Jiugong Liangzi is a big arrogant person.

Even if I like something, I won't express it.

The more you like someone, the more you will use hate to cover yourself up.

Well, I was directly rejected.

But doesn’t it mean that classmate Jiugong Liangzi also likes me?

"..."

Such magical logic. Wang Ling next to me was amazed when I heard it.

Here Matsushita Singha is still pestering Sun Rong. He silently left the game with his trouser pockets inserted and returned to the waiting room.

The war between girls. Wang Ling feels that it is better not to join in easily.

And essentially, Matsushita Singha likes Jiugong Liangzi. What does it have to do with Sun Rong?

Yeah!

Wang Ling feels that with Sun Rong's wisdom... he will be able to escape smoothly in the end!

After the escape room grouping is completed.

In the end, the 16 people with the shortest time advanced successfully.

Wang Ling, Sun Rong and Matsushita Singha. are all on the list.

In the waiting room, Matsushita Singha was sitting next to Sun Rong. She looked at the person in front of her lovingly.

Sun Rong support amount.

I never expected that things would develop to this point.

In her desperation just now, she forgot that Jiugong Liangzi has this "tsundere" attribute. She shouldn't use the word "hum" when rejecting.

Unexpectedly, I ended up paying by mistake...

Let Matsushita Singha think that she has a crush on her.

However, given the current general situation, Sun Rong feels that he should still focus on the overall situation.

If you explain too much, you may expose yourself...

Simply, just roll with the punches and let this misunderstanding continue.

Before leaving Sun Island, she would try to find a chance to explain it to Matsushita Singha.

...

And on the other side. When Jiudaohe High School's top 16 list was released.

In the Jiugong family's mansion, many people who heard the news couldn't help but get ready to take action.

"This...Liangzi is back? How is that possible!" Jiugong Xiushi almost choked on his own saliva when he heard the news.

"Miss Liangzi. She has indeed returned."

One-Eyed Samurai replied.

In fact, he felt very strange about this.

He ordered his three most profitable subordinates, Yitong, Ertong and Santong, to investigate the matter.

As expected, we found a piece of information about Jiugong Liangzi's application for returning to China. It was confirmed that Jiugong Liangzi came back by private immortal boat.

And this information has been verified by One-Eyed Samurai. There is absolutely no fake...

This is not the first time Wang Ming has dealt with this matter of modifying information.

To Wang Ming, this information is just a bunch of data.

In addition, the fact that the Mahjong trio on Sun Island has been recruited by Wang Ling made all the clues connect. In a short period of time, no mistakes could be found.

I'm afraid Jiugong Xiushi and One-Eyed Samurai wouldn't think of it.

The people from Number 60 High School have only been in Sun Island for a few days. They have already subdued some of their most trusted subordinates.

"How could Liangzi come back at this time... just to compete?" Jiugong Xiushi frowned in the wheelchair.

The more he thought about it, the more he felt that there was something mysterious about this matter: "I'm not pretending to come to the competition. In fact, I came here specifically to report to my father about the Ghost Book riot..."

"Miss Liangzi, she doesn't seem like such a snitch. Besides, she actually has no direct evidence about the riots in the replica {Ghost Book}."

One-Eyed Samurai said: "Without absolute certainty, Miss Liangzi will never alarm the master."

"But what does she mean by choosing this time to come back?" Jiugong Xiushi narrowed his eyes: "Is it possible that she is pretending?"

Duyan frowned.

In fact, it was not that he had never doubted the possibility of disguise.

But now all the evidence shows that the person now in Jiudaohe High School is Jiugong Liangzi.

On the one hand, the student status information is back.

On the other hand, the surrounding students didn't seem to notice anything unusual.

In Jiudaohe, One-Eye actually has an informer.

"One of Jiudaohe's students has an informant arranged by me. She undoubtedly believes that this person is Jiugong Liangzi." One-Eyed Samurai said.

Jiugong Xiushi nodded: "You have a plan among Jiudaohe's students. I know this. But you never told me who it is."

"Do you remember the Matsushita family?"

"You mean the family that sells electronic spirit beasts?"

Jiugong Xiushi's eyes lit up.

Matsushita's electronic Kaiju has a worldwide reputation.

There is no need to feed. You only need to provide a spirit stone to achieve long-term battery life. There are electronic spirit beasts for home use and some for combat.

However, due to mechanical limitations, the current average combat power of combat-type electronic spirit beasts is not too high. The strongest combat model is only Golden Core.

There is actually a lot of room for development in the future.

If the material problem can be solved, Panasonic's electronic beasts will most likely enter the cultivation arms industry.

As for why Jiugong Xiushi is so familiar with Panasonic.

In fact, the reason is very simple.

Because the Jiugong family has actually always regarded the Panasonic family as a competitor...

The hegemony of Sun Island. Although it is currently in charge of the Jiugong family.

But whether we can sit down for a long time in the future actually depends on the efforts of the juniors.

"A member of the Panasonic family is actually your spy?"

"That second young lady, Matsushita Singha, is my apprentice."

"When did you accept such a disciple..." Jiugong Xiushi was shocked.

"The apprentice in the game." Duyan said: "I know him from Jian Wang 33."

"..."

Jiugong Xiushi looked incredulous: "I remember that this Matsushita Singha seems to be in the top 16 this time."

"Yes." Duyan nodded and said, "My apprentice has always regarded Jiugong Liangzi as his target. He has done some research on Jiugong Liangzi. He will never make a mistake."

"..."

A person who was supposed to be in the country of Huaxiu suddenly appeared quietly on Sun Island.

And everything is perfect. There is no mistake at all.

Jiugong Xiushi felt that all this was a living hell...

In fact, in Jiugong's house, there are people who think it's a ghost.

Jiugong Xiushi is not alone...





Chapter 1542 Beat up my teammates


Although it is already early morning on Friday, December 18th.

However, Jiudaohe still chose to hold the game overnight in order to select a 5-member delegation as soon as possible.

It's actually not a big deal if a cultivator himself "cultivates immortal" without sleeping for several months.

At most, it's just a bald head.

For ordinary people, staying up late is still not possible.

It can cause kidney deficiency, night sweats, fatigue, poor mental state, memory loss, and other problems... (What are you looking at? I'm talking about you!)

Wang Ling, Sun Rong were waiting in the waiting room. Matsushita Singha beside them was very attentive.

"Classmate Liangzi, are you hungry? Do you want a midnight snack?"

"Supper...night?"Sun Rong was stunned.

Losing weight is a lifelong career for a girl.

And something as evil as late-night snacks has always been the natural enemy of girls.

The main reason is that Sun Rong himself is convinced. Wang Ling doesn’t like that kind of voluptuous girl. So it is very important to maintain a good figure!

Of course, sometimes Sun Rong also hopes that his fat content can increase a little, but his basic figure can remain the same.

Let the fat go where it needs to go...

Maybe that’s what every girl wants to do, right?

Sun Rong thought so in his heart.

In fact, so far, she is quite satisfied with her situation.

At least when compared with Jiugong Liangzi, it suddenly seems quite heavy...

"Yes! I know there is a 24-hour fried fish ball shop next to the school. It's really delicious! And it's filled with papaya cheese!"

"No need, Matsushita Singha-san..." Sun Rong refused.

"Okay. I'm going to prepare a midnight snack! Liangzi, please don't be polite to me." Matsushita Singha smiled. Her expression was really like looking at a lover.

As she said that, she quickly took out her mobile phone, as if calling some servant to help her buy it.

In fact, just a few minutes ago, Wang Ming just sent Matsushita Singha's information to Sun Rong and Wang Ling.

They know now. The Matsushita Singha in front of them is also a eldest lady.

Although he is the second eldest child in the family, he is deeply loved by the head of the Matsushita family.

And currently, Panasonic and Jiugong are still in a competitive relationship.

After knowing the news.

Sun Rong support amount.

Suddenly I felt like the sky was completely dark when I looked up at the stars.

What has she done!

He actually helped classmate "Jiugong Liangzi" conquer the second lady of a rival family...

"..."

At this time, Sun Rong's mood was extremely complicated. She tried her best to show her resistance.

Mainly I want to tell Wang Ling...

I am actually not from that group.

She puts the overall situation first, not Big Orange!

At this time, Matsushita Singha, who was giving her a headache, came over again and looked at her with a doting look on her face: "Classmate Liangzi, are you thirsty... Do you want me to order some milk tea?"

This time, Sun Rong suddenly became cautious in his answer.

If you refuse again at this time...

She felt that Matsushita Singha would do the opposite again.

So why not just agree to give it a try?

So. Sun Rong imitated Jiugong Liangzi's tone and said: "Then... I just want a small cup."

As a result, Matsushita Singha became even more excited: "Ah! Classmate Liangzi! You actually agreed to me frankly! I knew it! My efforts will definitely be rewarded!"

"..." Sun Rong was speechless for a moment.

Then, she saw Matsushita Singha take out her mobile phone again and start calling her maid.

"Yes! It's me again! Now I want you to go to the nearest pasture to select cows! Yes! It's best to bring the cows directly to school. Liangzi wants to drink milk tea!"

"..."

"That's right! In addition to cows, please hire me a milk tea master! It must be the best! It doesn't matter how expensive it is!"

"..."

"What? Can't find Master? What do you do for food? Don't we have so many service-oriented electronic spirit beasts in our family? I remember, don't we all have the owner information of the electronic spirit beasts?"

Matsushita Singha said: "Yes! What I mean is to let you remotely access the electronic spirit beast. Let the spirit beast tie the master who makes milk tea to me here."

"Classmate Matsushita Singha. I'd better not drink this milk tea..."

Sun Rong is really scared.

Even she had never heard of this way of drinking milk tea.

It’s too hardcore!

"Don't be polite to me, Liangzi-chan! We will become a family that loves each other from now on! Chew!" Matsushita Singha said cutely.

Wang Ling, Sun Rong: "..."

...

About half an hour passed. With all the players in place.

The final 16-person group competition will begin soon.

This is already the final battle.

Jisaki announced the competition rules directly through the central broadcast room.

The next game will be divided into two groups. There will be an 8V8 brawl.

The entire process is still conducted using a points system.

Among the winning side, the five people with the highest contribution points are the members of the five-person delegation this time.

Wang Ling and Sun Rong are assigned to the red edge.

Most of the people in the same team Wang Ling are not familiar with him. The only one who is familiar with him is the rather annoying Kongque.

And Matsushita Singha. was assigned to the blue side.

This made Sun Rong feel slightly relieved.

Next, as long as they win the game, there will be no interference from Matsushita Singha in subsequent games.

In the blink of an eye, Sun Rong was on the opposite side of Matsushita Singha. Wang Ling originally thought that Matsushita Singha would be in a very bad mood.

The result is just the opposite.

She looked actually very happy.

Even on the stage. She held her face. She looks at Sun Rong with a mesmerized face: "Ah! I knew Liangzi and I wouldn't be on the same team! I'm on the blue team. You' re on the red team! Isn't there a saying. Red and blue have always been a couple?"

Sun Rong took a deep breath and asked curiously: "What if you and I are assigned to the same team?"

"Then we are a match made in heaven!" Matsushita Singha smiled.

"..."

Sun Rong couldn't help but shuddered after listening.

Youdao means that one thing descends from another.

Until today. Sun Rong seems to have finally discovered the biggest nemesis in his life...

"Goo!"

As the game begins, the warning sounds.

In the gymnasium of Jiudaohe High School, the competition officially entered.

Wang LingWe are looking forward to it seriously.

Although he has reattached the disposable Talisman that he had peeled off before, he still has to control his strength carefully. The most feared thing in a mess is bumps and bumps.

Wang Ling It’s not that I’m afraid of hurting myself.

But I am afraid that I will kill someone else if I am not careful...

"Kyuubi Mode!"

With a shout from Matsushita Singha, the girl quickly divided her hair into nine ponytails.

Under the stimulation of the acupuncture points on the scalp, Matsushita Singha's aura surged! Her combat power soared!

"As expected of the blue team's main fighting force. I didn't expect that Matsushita Singha was so serious from the beginning. It seems that she really wants to compete on behalf of the school." In the central control room, Jisaki watched in amazement.

Because he rarely sees it.

Matsushita Singha is in "Nine-Tails Mode".

And this scene also made Sun Rong frown slightly.

Everyone thought that this would be a fierce battle.

But what everyone didn't expect was.

This started only a minute later.

Blue. A series of screams came...

"Matsushita Singha-san. What are you doing! I am your teammate!"

"I know!"

"I'm your teammate! You won't get points if you hit me! And we will all get points deducted!"

"I know! It's you I'm hitting!"

All I saw was a huge gymnasium.

Matsushita Singha is like a little leopard. One person is chasing the other seven people on the blue side.

While running, he shouted: "Liangzi-chan is going to participate in the competition! I guarantee it!"

Wang Ling, Sun Rong: "..."





Chapter 1543 Only 18


Girls who fall in love are scary. In the gym, Wang Ling directly experienced the power of "generating electricity with love".

In the rioting Nine-Tails mode, Matsushita Singha is like the god of death on the battlefield!

"This..." Central control room. Jisaki was stunned.

The situation in front of him was unexpected. He didn't expect this to happen.

At this time, it's not the case for those on the blue side to fight back. It's also not the case for those on the blue side to not fight back.

If they fight back, they are also attacking their teammates. It will only worsen the situation at hand.

Matsushita Singha chased seven people by herself. The points were already deducted.

Only a few minutes after the start. This has already been lost by dozens of points...

If they fight back again, the negative value will be further increased.

"No! We have to fight back!" The seven people were chased for a while. Finally, they decided to grit their teeth and join forces to send Matsushita Singha away first...

As long as this madwoman is on the team, they can't win.

Although Matsushita Singha is the main force, she is too much of a hindrance now. It is better to send her away in one wave and then find a way to earn back the points.

"What a crazy woman!"

In the blue team's team, someone angrily criticized Matsushita Singha's behavior of beating friendly troops.

This is a boy. The clothes on his chest were torn to pieces by Matsushita Singha. He was also slapped on the chest.

It made his blood boil.

It feels like watching a TV series about a green tea bitch hooking up with a scumbag.

The boy remembered that his mother was always watching this show these past few nights. And he watched it with his mother. He could often feel this feeling of being so angry that his heart was filled with congestion.

Now he was slapped in the chest by Matsushita Singha in "Nine-Tails Mode".

Under this internal and external attack, the boy finally couldn't bear it anymore and spat out a large mouthful of blood, then fainted.

At this moment, the situation has reached a climax.

"Jieya Miedie! Wake up!" Lan Fang and the remaining people shouted.

It's a pity that the boy who fainted with blood spurting out has already passed out...

The referee's ball immediately flew to the boy's side, released the healing spray, and then lifted the boy off.

This indicates that this classmate named Jieya Miedie has completely failed.

The blue team originally wanted to team up with seven people to deal with Matsushita Singha. But now one person has been directly eliminated...the combat power cannot be guaranteed.

Looking back at Matsushita Singha at this time, she looked like a devil, with nine ponytails on the back of her head blowing in the wind.

"This acupuncture method is actually very harmful to the body. Matsushita Singha can actually do this for classmate Liangzi. I am really surprised." A young man holding a small fan walked out from the side.

Red side. Students from Class S.

He was wearing a Sword suit. On his chest was his name: Ohno Dankaede.

Wang Ling just glanced at it with the peripheral vision.

Wang Ming over there sent the detailed information of the person in front of him to Wang Ling.

In fact, in this situation, the red side wins by default. Wang Ming has actually calculated based on the winning rate that except Wang Ling and Sun Rong, the remaining five people can be squeezed into the representatives. Finalists of the group.

And the Ohno Dankaede in front of me is one of them.

The young man held his arms as if watching a play. The childlike look on his white face was still there. There was also a birthmark in the shape of a maple leaf between his eyebrows.

I heard that this is the origin of the name Ohno Dankaede.

The Sword group of Jiudaohe High School is famous all over the world.

He is one of the main force exporting talents to the national team. As expected, Ohno Dankaede is the next leader of the Jiudaohe High School Sword team.

In terms of strength in all aspects, Ohno Dankaede is indeed the beauty of the younger generation.

He is also a genius level person.

However, compared with Wang Ling, this is still more than a hundred million points behind.

"I don't know what classmate Liangzi is still hesitating about. Classmate Matsushita Singha is such a good girl. Let's get married." At this time, the young man smiled lightly at the side.

He looked at the blue side ahead, which had entered the stage of intense civil war, and felt certain in his heart.

No one expected that this final qualifying match could go on without any effort.

Sun Rong frowned. There was helplessness in his tone: "But I don't like girls..."

"Don't. I heard this. Matsushita Singha is so sad."

At this time, Ohno Dankaede stared ahead. He seemed to feel something.

I saw only six people on the opposite blue side who were fighting fiercely with Matsushita Singha. Their faces turned pale because of Matsushita Singha's aura that surged again!

"This..." Several people were extremely surprised.

I thought that "Nine-Tails Mode" was already the limit of Matsushita Singha's output. But I didn't expect that Matsushita Singha's aura could actually increase again!

"Ten-Tails...?"

Several people on the blue side were stunned.

In fact, they had no idea why Matsushita Singha would be willing to do this.

This is a unique skill that Matsushita Singha specially cultivated in order to be selected for this delegation. She plans to use it in competitions with other schools.

Even she herself would not have thought that it would be displayed in such a situation.

But for classmate Jiugong Liangzi. Everything is worth it!

When Matsushita Singha showed off this hidden skill.

Wang Ling and Sun Rong had a premonition in their hearts.

Blue's defeat has been decided.

Such an aura. It would be no problem for Matsushita Singha to beat the rest of the blue team members.

Just like this, Matsushita Singha herself will be injured...

Why on earth is this happening?

Sun Rong felt that he could not wait until he left the island to show off his cards.

Matsushita Singha is so crazy...

She felt that it would be better if she explained the situation earlier.

At this time. Wang Ling stared at the anxious girl beside him, thoughtfully...

To be honest, the development to this point is beyond Wang Ling's expectation.

The main reason is that Wang Ling himself did not expect that Matsushita Singha in love would be so severely affected.

But in the final analysis, this incident happened because of him.

It's better to let him solve it...

Mainly because it was the first time Wang Ling saw the girl, who had always been extremely witty, actually showing such a helpless expression next to him.

For a moment, I felt a little guilty.

When Matsushita Singha and the six people on the blue side "died together" fell together.

Wang Ling secretly pointed. An invisible spiritual light shot out at a speed invisible to the naked eye...

Done all this.

Wang Ling has a hanging heart. It feels like the dust has settled a lot.

"Hey. This game is too boring." Ohno Dankaede put away his small fan and stared at the people on the red side with a smile: "I think we shouldn't take action. It's better to save some energy and bring glory to the school."

"Now the blue team has been eliminated. We have been fighting each other until now. There is no action. Both sides have 0 points."

Ohno Dankaede said: "And it seems that the current situation is not suitable for taking action. Because the eight of us are originally on the same team. Whoever takes action against a teammate will have points deducted. Then he will not be qualified to go."

After saying that, Ohno Dankaede looked at Wang Ling meaningfully.

To be honest, he doesn't really want Wang Ling to go.

Their competition at Jiudaohe High School. Why should an exchange student from another school be involved?

"What do you want to do?" Kongque asked from the side.

"That's not easy. Let's take turns rolling the dice. The one with the higher number goes." At this moment, Ohno Dankaede smiled meaningfully.

As he spoke, he took out a simple table, three dice and a dice cup from his storage bag.

As a player who frequents bars, this is almost something that Ohno Dankaede always has.

"This... this depends too much on luck. I can't do it." A boy named Hattori Zentetsu frowned.

"It's okay. If you don't know how, I can help you. As long as you trust me." Ohno Dankaede said, "It's all about luck anyway. Do you want to take a gamble?"

"Come on then." Hattori Zentetsu said dubiously. Anyway, it's all about luck.

"Okay." Ohno Dankaede smiled.

He skillfully placed the dice into the dice cup. There was a crisp sound of the dice colliding.

The results are out.

"5 6 6!--" Hattori Zentetsu's eyes lit up.

The other people nearby also had incredible looks on their faces.

The three dice have a maximum of 18 points. Ohno Dankaede helped Hattori Zentetsu to throw 17 points at once. It is already an extremely high number!

"Since you trust me, of course I won't let you down."

Ohno Dankaede laughed: "There are others. Do you want me to come?"

As he said that, he started to shake it again and looked at Sun Rong: "This time I voted for classmate Jiugong. If the number is low, it belongs to me. If the number is high, it belongs to classmate Jiugong."

Sun Rong didn't have time to refuse. Who knew that this dice cup had already been settled.

I saw Ohno Dankaede he quickly uncovered.

The number in front of me is an eighteen-point leopard!

If casting a high amount of points once is luck, then twice...is strength!

--Ohno Dankaede knows how to control points!

"Brother Ohno, you are awesome! Can you help me vote?"

"Ah. I want it too!"

The rest of the people followed suit.

Among the next eight players, only Wang Ling and Ohno Dankaede are left. They have not yet voted.

Current points record.

Sorted from high to low.

Sun Rong: 18 points

Kongque: 17 points

Hattori Zentetsu: 17 points

Player 1: 16 points

Player 2: 16 points

Player 3: 16 points

...

After sorting out the current points earned by everyone, Ohno Dankaede also rolled out his own points.

No doubt about it. Another 18 point leopard.

Wang Ling looked at this scene. It was already clear in his heart.

This is Ohno Dankaede trying to embarrass him and push him out.

"Houlang Sang. Do you do it yourself? Or do you want me to help you?" Ohno Dankaede looked at Wang Ling. He narrowed his eyes and smiled.

At this time. Wang Ling sighed deeply in his heart.

He hasn't been a gambling god for a long time...

Why do you have to force him to take action?

Only eighteen.

If he takes action.

The highest number you can get is sixty-three points...





Chapter 1544 Wang Ling’s performance


To roll out sixty-three points. Even for Wang Ling, it is actually a probabilistic event. Because he often uses too much force to shake the dice directly into powder...

This requires high-density and delicate operations.

But now that Wang Ling has multiple seals on his body, the success rate of this precise operation has been greatly improved.

For Ah Nuan's gift. Wang Ling needs the prize money from this contest.

And under the current circumstances, the best result is to get more than 18 points.

After all, the remaining three supporting characters don't even have names. The author of this book obviously didn't intend to include them in this story.

"Houlang Sang looks very nervous. Do you really not need me to do it for you? Maybe I will roll out 17 points and you can become a member of the delegation." Ohno Dankaede smiled sinisterly.

Wang LingHow could I not know that this is a smile hiding a knife...

However, Wang Ling actually didn’t take Ohno Dankaede’s malicious intentions seriously.

He doesn't need to argue with a child.

Although he himself is just a child...

Wang Ling has actually been analyzed before.

Due to the strict hierarchy within Jiudaohe High School, an internal circular chain of contempt was created. This move actually greatly deepened the xenophobia of Jiudaohe High School.

For a local like Ohno Dankaede who was born and raised on the Sun Island.

Wang Ling is actually just a despicable foreigner.

In addition, because of the ranking of Sun Island high school students, Wang Ling became a sensation. It also formed a certain influence among girls.

The boys in Jiudaohe treat Wang Ling with hatred.

Why can a student from abroad steal their limelight?

He looks average. His studies are average. His height is average... Isn't it just that his face is a bit paler and he's a bit lucky? Why are he so popular with girls?

Neither Ohno Dankaede nor Kongque, who was watching the theater next to me, actually thought much about this.

But actually regarding the issue of height.

Wang Ling has something to say.

He doesn't really care about height, because his body can adjust every inch of his body proportions.

Besides, for a man, being tall while lying down may be more important than standing tall...

"Need not."

At this time. Wang Ling shook his head.

He put one hand in his trouser pocket and reached out with the other hand to touch the dice cup. He refused Ohno Dankaede's kindness.

Ohno Dankaede knows.

Wang Ling is trapped.

He actually guessed it. Wang Ling would definitely do it himself.

Therefore, this dice cup and this dice are actually specially manipulated.

The two items are specially made. Made of a special material. The durability is very low...

When the dice cup shakes, the dice inside are constantly colliding back and forth in the dice cup.

This seemingly normal collision will greatly reduce the durability of the dice...

After a certain number of times, the dice will completely shatter!

The reason why Ohno Dankaede kindly wants to help everyone throw dice. This is the purpose.

The seven people in front, including himself, all shook the dice cup.

How many times the dice collided in the dice cup. Ohno Dankaede can count them clearly.

This is a special little skill of Ohno Dankaede.

--Excellent feel developed through years of shaking the dice cup!

Besides that. He also watched a lot of animated videos to train his ears.

A 32x speed animated video. He could clearly use his ears to hear how many clicks were stuck in total. How many times did the repeated clips and audio appear?

In fact, in the previous seven rounds of throwing dice, Ohno Dankaede had already pushed the durability of the dice to the limit through his precise counting.

Don't talk about shaking the dice cup now.

Even if it's just a slight shock, these dice will turn into powder in an instant...

"Houlang Sang. Next. What are you going to do?"

At this time, Ohno Dankaede crossed his arms, pretending to be watching a good show.

The reason why he chose to shake the dice cup is actually because Wang Ling has the title of "Sixty Mascot".

Even if it's a mascot. So what?

If you are really lucky and have the ability, just roll out some points?

Ohno Dankaede sneered.

He has seen the outcome of this "gamble".

Because from the moment Wang Ling opens the dice cup, what is waiting in front of everyone's eyes must not be points. But a pile of... snow-white powder turned into... by the dice...

In the central control room.

Jisaki looked at the remote shooting of the referee ball. He felt nervous in his heart.

"Houlang Sang. Is that okay?"

He sighed: "You shouldn't compete with that guy Ohno! Their family just runs a casino!"

On Sun Island, casinos can be operated legally with formal business licenses after approval by the department.

But generally speaking, the approval conditions are very strict... Those who can open a casino at home usually have two brushes on the background.

Ohno Dankaede grew up in such an environment. In addition, he often performed in various bars. Flower cards and dice are his most familiar tricks besides Sword.

"I see. A special dice made of soot." On the other side, Wang Ming, who was watching, had used the electronic eye he carried with him to learn the material of the dice through remote satellite scanning.

Although soot is fragile, it is a high-end pressure-reducing and shock-proof material.

Wang Ming is actually no stranger.

And now Ohno Dankaede will use soot to make gambling equipment...

In fact, Wang Ming himself is not surprised.

Because this was all Wang Ming's remaining tricks...

Because when he was in the laboratory, he often played this trick with Zhai Yin.

Than the size of the points.

As long as Zhai Yin's points can be greater than his, he will take it.

It turned out that because Wang Ming had tampered with the dice, Zhai Yin never won...

"Brother Xiaoer, what should I do? Do you want to think of a way to help Houlang Sang?" Jisaki looked at the scene in the video and felt nervous.

"No need. He must have a way." Wang Ming smiled.

He felt that Jisaki was more nervous than Wang Ling.

At this time, under the eyes of everyone, Wang Ling was already shaking cautiously on the table.

At this moment, many people knew that something was wrong.

Because inside the dice cup, when the dice cup was shaking, the crisp collision sound of the dice was not heard at all...

Wang Ling just shook a little.

After a muffled sound, no matter how much he shook, there was dead silence in the dice cup. There was no sound at all.

"Hahaha!" Ohno Dankaede laughed: "Houlang Sang was too careless. Why did you use so much force? Did you shake the dice into powder?"

"Is there... something wrong with the dice?" Hattori Zentetsu asked weakly.

"I rolled the first seven times. How could there be something wrong with the dice? If there is something wrong, I have new dice. Let's not count. Let's do it again? Only this time. I don't care about you." Ohno Dankaede counted. I'm sure some people will question it. I just used a set of rhetoric prepared in advance.

Sure enough, after saying this, Hattori Zentetsu in the field shrank his neck and did not dare to say any more unnecessary words...

At this time. Wang Ling sighed helplessly.

He opened the dice cup in front of everyone...

Indeed.

The dice inside have turned into white powder.

But the scene in front of him made Ohno Dankaede unable to laugh at all.

Because the dice turned into powder... but the points were retained!!!

He didn't know how Wang Ling managed to accurately pick out the dots on the dice...

But the scene before him now was exactly this incredible scene.

On the snow-white dice powder, there is a row of delicate little dots, like a series of huge ellipses. Arranged from left to right...

And the number of these dots adds up.

There are 126 pieces!

Wang Ling not only picked out every dot!

And everything was divided into two. Divided into two parts...





Chapter 1545 Ohno-san. Will you join the church?


Purple Maple Club student branch meeting room.

Ohno Dankaede rubbed his eyebrows and sat on the sofa with a painful look on his face.

He is one of the members of Jiudaohe High School's Rainbow Seven Sons Gang Zifeng Club. He is also the vice president.

In the Purple Maple Club, all gang members must have the word "Maple" or a homophony of "Maple" in their names.

This kind of unwritten rule for High School students is said to have been established by the first gang president. Because it is quite unique... it has been continued ever since.

"You just let him in like this?"

The current president, Moriyama Kaede, looked at him in disbelief and said, "Have you never failed before?"

"There is no one who doesn't get his shoes wet when walking along the river."

Ohno Dankaede also had a headache. He sighed.

There are mountains beyond the mountains. This time Ohno Dankaede really saw it.

He thought his skills at dice and poker were superb.

But I didn't expect that this time I would actually hit the iron plate...

Even until now, he still doesn't understand how Wang Ling did such a magical thing.

That's more than just an iron plate...

What he met was simply an immortal god!

Cheating!

"How can we fix it..." Ohno Dankaede couldn't help but sigh.

After deciding on the final candidates for the five-member delegation, these three words were the words he repeated the most.

But tell the truth.

This time he was completely convinced by Wang Ling.

Even if Wang Ling did not confront him head-on.

But "throwing dice" is such an immortal technique.

Ohno Dankaede thinks he is so big. He has never seen...

If it weren't for his relationship with the gang, he would have wanted to become a disciple on the spot!

Assess the situation. Stop when you see a good outcome.

This is something Ohno Dankaede's family instilled in him from childhood.

Although their family runs a casino, Ohno Dankaede also grew up watching various casinos. He learned a lot of tricks and unique skills... and was also obsessed with studying various scammers and techniques for detecting scammers.

But in fact, Ohno Dankaede has never really bet money with anyone.

Mainly because of the pressure at home.

Ohno Dankaede's father started his career in this field, but he didn't want his son to be exposed to this kind of thing.

That's why Ohno Dankaede was forced to practice Sword.

Fortunately, Ohno Dankaede is also very talented in Sword.

It's just that Ohno Dankaede felt that his parents didn't really understand what he wanted.

After thinking for a long time, Ohno Dankaede frowned and said, "I think it would be better if we don't move about this person."

"Why did this idea suddenly come to you?"

Moriyama Kaede smiled: "You've always wanted to run the family business. But your uncle and aunt didn't allow it? You've fought all over the world and finally met a master. Shouldn't it inspire your will to completely defeat him?"

"Some people... can't be defeated."

Ohno Dankaede said.

He said it very seriously. Especially after he determined in his heart that Wang Ling was an "immortal god". This thought became even more unwavering.

That Houlang Sang who came all the way from Number 60 High School in Huaxiu... is really strong!

"You are just like my parents. In fact, you have no idea what I want." Ohno Dankaede sighed and looked at Moriyama Kaede.

In fact, when Ohno Dankaede said running a family business, he did not mean directly inheriting the casino.

Rather, he wants to rely on the abilities he has learned so far to change this industry...to transform his own company into a good organization such as a "Gambling Abuse Center".

This is what Ohno Dankaede has always wanted to do.

"Are you going to stop thinking about it?" Moriyama Kaede asked, seeing Ohno Dankaede's determined look on his face.

"I will no longer get involved in this matter."

Ohno Dankaede stand up. Seriously.

"That's fine."

Moriyama Kaede shook his head. He smiled bitterly: "We had heard the news before that "the one who wins Houlang wins the world". We wanted to win over this Houlang Sang. Unfortunately...this Houlang Sang didn't appreciate it at all. That's why we, the Rainbow Seven Gang, planned to join forces. Embarrass him. Even if you don't want to help, there are still people who are willing to do it."

"I advise you to be careful too."

Ohno Dankaede said: "The people in the student union may already be fans of Houlang Sang. And the Sun Rong lady from Houlang Sang has always taken good care of him..."

"So what?"

Moriyama Kaede laughed: "I've looked up this Houlang Sang's information. Born in a mediocre, modest family... Ma Jiao is destined to be Ma Jiao... he can't succeed."

Ohno Dankaede was silent for a moment. He responded coldly: "Then it's up to you..."

Then he turned around and left quickly.

...

After walking out of the conference room, the cold wind blew on Ohno Dankaede's cheeks.

Time: Friday, December 18. 3:15 am.

Go home now. The road is a bit far. Ohno Dankaede was upset. He didn't want to go back. So he took a path toward the student apartment in District S.

It was as if someone had calculated that he would appear here.

He had just taken a few steps along the trail when he was blocked by a familiar figure.

"Ohno Dankaede, I have been waiting for you for a long time." Jisaki saw Ohno Dankaede with surprise in his eyes.

He didn't expect that Wang Ming's prediction for him was completely accurate!

You can actually cut off Ohno Dankaede on this trail...

Brother Xiaoer’s calculation is so accurate!

Great!

"President? How did you..."

Ohno Dankaede obviously didn't expect that Jisaki would be waiting here at this time.

And it was as if he had expected him to come.

"Don't ask me where I'm from."

Jisaki looked at him. The golden hair glistened in the moonlight as if it had been coated in hair wax: "I know. Moriyama Kaede's gang came to you, didn't they? Are the Rainbow Seven planning to do the same? Is the Rainbow Seven planning something against Houlang Sang?"

Ohno Dankaede did not respond. It was the default.

"And from the look of you, you don't seem to be planning to continue participating, right?"

Jisaki looked at Ohno Dankaede and said with a smile: "This is a very smart choice."

"Whether I participate or not seems to have nothing to do with the president." Ohno Dankaede responded coldly.

Just getting ready to leave.

Just listen to Jisaki say again: "They don't understand you. I understand you. These skills you are learning now are actually learned because you want to change the family's business method."

These words made Ohno Dankaede pause on the spot.

He turned around in disbelief and looked at Jisaki.

You must know that even his parents don't understand this matter...

"I know Ohno-san. And I also know how to help you." Jisaki said.

Of course he knows.

Because now everything said to Ohno Dankaede.

Wang Ming calculated everything remotely through his own mental deduction technique.

What Jisaki needs to do is just make good use of his status as the student council president.

"You actually want to ask Houlang Sang for advice, right? But you are too embarrassed to ask."

"..."

Obviously, Jisaki's words touched Ohno Dankaede's mind again.

"I want to ask Houlang Sang. Actually there is a very convenient way." At this time, Jisaki said.

"What way?" Ohno Dan Kaede was obviously interested.

"Join the Church."

"Join the church?"

"Yes! Join the religion!"

"..."

"Have you ever heard of a sect that exchanges literature in Huaxiu country? Gray Cult! In fact, this is the fan support club of Houlang Sang!"

Jisaki smiled and looked at the boy in front of him: "So, Ohno-kun, do you want to join the church?"





Chapter 1546 Sun Island Gray Cult Branch


Ohno Dankaede was the first to hear about Wang Ling's composition. It was also the first time that he knew that there was such a fan club on earth with literature lovers as its core members.

Becoming a religious believer... seems a bit magical to Ohno Dankaede.

After all, isn’t this magical thing like a fan club something only idol stars can have?

He thought of the situation when a female idol in the otaku circle held a concert.

Those fanatical otaku fans wear bandages on their heads, wear T-shirts and big pants with their idol’s name printed on them, and wave their light sticks in unison to the rhythm of their idol’s singing.

While waving, he made a cheering sound of "hum hum ha ha" from his mouth.

Will he also wave light sticks for Houlang Sang?

Ohno Dankaede couldn't help but feel frightened when he thought of this.

From the perspective of a normal male thinking, it is really unimaginable for him.

And since it is a literary support club.

It's unlikely that he's singing... Could it be that he's reciting poetry and waving light sticks at the same time?

"I think Ohno-san may be thinking a little too much. In fact, Gray Cult is more normal than any fan club... it's just an ordinary literary exchange."

Jisaki seemed to know what Ohno Dankaede was thinking. He wiped his sweat and said, "In addition, I checked Ohno-san's academic performance. Your ranking is also among the best in our high school."

In fact, at Jiudaohe High School, not even the students in Class S are proficient in all courses.

As long as you are proficient in one or two subjects, you can also enter the S-level sequence with super high learning points and reward points.

Ohno Dankaede is an excellent student in Sword class.

His performance in Chinese language classes was also among the best.

Generally speaking, there are two main factors for learning the ultimate subject. One is talent. The other is interest.

Of course hard work is also important.

But some things can't be accomplished just by working hard...

For example, Ku Xuan is a big pigeon.

He didn't expect to work hard to write 20,000 words, and update every day.

It's a pity that I can't do it.

"As long as I join the religion, can I get closer to Houlang Sang?"

Ohno Dankaede's eyes were still a little suspicious.

Jisaki answered earnestly.

"Now I am the director of the Jiudaohe Gray Cult branch of Sun Island. As long as Ohno Dankaede performs well before Houlang Sang and others leave the island, the position of deputy director can be given to you."

"The deputy minister actually has the opportunity to communicate with Houlang Sang."

"Although it was an online question, at that time, Ohno Dankaede wanted to ask something. Are you still afraid that Houlang Sang won't tell you?"

This sounds very tempting, but in fact it is still half-cheating and half-coaxing.

Where does Wang Ling have so much free time to answer these "fans"?

So-called networking opportunities.

In fact, the real communication partner is not Wang Ling.

Instead...Sun Rong.

Anyway, through the screen. Who can know who you are chatting with...

This can be regarded as a means to help the support club grow.

Of course. Regarding what Ohno Dankaede wants to learn and understand. Sun Rong is also preparing over there.

Isn't it just gambling...

Just learn it and that's it.

As for the immediate future.

After realizing that the membership would indeed deepen the bond with Wang Ling.

Ohno Dankaede was really touched inside: "So what do I need to do after joining the Church. What do I have to do?"

"Of course it's to expand our Jiudaohe Gray Cult branch. To bring in more Houlang Sang fans. Of course. There's still the literature test. I can use the student union system to check the cultural subject results. I won't consider anything below an "A" grade for now."

"so it is."

Ohno Dankaede nodded.

Then he looked at Jisaki and said seriously: "Okay! I have decided! Join the religion!"

"Smart choice." Jisaki nodded and smiled.

...

After agreeing to join the religion, Ohno Dankaede had no news of returning to the dormitory.

Because he joined Gray Cult, it heralded that he had new hope. The previous depression in the meeting room of the Purple Maple Club was instantly gone.

Jisaki brought Ohno Dankaede to the student union office.

He saw Ma Jiao counting relevant data on the computer with a serious look on her face.

I don’t know why. Ohno Dankaede always feels that Vice President Ma Jiao of the Student Union seems to be a little different from before.

I always feel that Rokume Akahoko-san is a lot more approachable?

To be honest, Ohno Dankaede was quite impressed by Ma Jiao.

Mainly because he felt that every time he saw Vice Chairman Ma Jiao, he could not help but feel a sinister wind blowing around him.

It seems as if there is some kind of ghost staring at me...

But now, this feeling has completely disappeared.

All of this was actually thanks to Sun Rong's rescue in the haunted house.

"Ma Jiao. Register Ohno Dankaede. He has agreed to join the teaching." As soon as he entered the office, Jisaki carefully closed the door quickly and reported the situation to Ma Jiao.

"Okay." Ma Jiao quickly typed on the keyboard.

Ohno Dankaede discovered that there were actually many members joining the screen on the screen in front of him.

He also saw many familiar names among them...

"Noko Ohira?" Ohno Dankaede blinked, "I thought this was an autistic girl? Everyone at school who knew her said she was weird."

"There's something wrong with Noko Ohira-san's emotions."

Jisaki said: "It is said that she was taught by Houlang Sang from a dream..."

Ohno Dankaede: "..."

Why does he sound more and more evil the more he listens?

"We looked at her previous results in cultural classes and judged that she was qualified to teach. Unexpectedly, she agreed as soon as we asked."

Jisaki scratched his head and smiled.

In fact, there are quite a few people like "Noko Ohira" who have good grades in cultural courses and directly agree to it when asked by their student union in private.

These people are without exception.

All of them are victims who have been rescued by Wang Ling before. They are all victims of Jiugong Xinghui's previous cooperating with the hair demon to forcefully transform into ghosts.

Most of them don't remember what happened.

In the dream, what did the boy talking to them look like? What did he say...

All have been forgotten.

There is only a vague outline left in my mind, a warmth that seems to never go away. And...the name Houlang.

They also don't remember what "Houlang" actually means.

Just feel the word. There is a sense of intimacy.

And this is one of the reasons why Wang Ling's pseudonym "Wang Houlang" won the support of so many students from Jiudaohe High School after it topped the high school sword rankings.

Many of these students are students from Class S and below.

The proportion of students in Class C and Class B is higher. There are also a small number of Class A students.

Today, the Jiudaohe Gray Cult branch is officially established under the coordination of Jisaki, Wang Ming and Ma Jiao.

Ma Jiao just programmed an invitation program to automatically select suitable candidates and send them out. Unexpectedly, these invitations received responses from many people.

Ohno Dankaede glanced at the numbers next to the EXCEL list.

Counting him, 56 people have actually agreed to join the church...

This scale is higher than the number of members of some Rainbow Seven Gangs!

And the most important thing is...

Jisaki said this is the first day that the Jiudaohe Gray Cult branch was established!

So many people agreed to apply on the first day... So from now on, isn't the entire Jiudaohe going to be wrapped up by Gray Cult?

Is this the great man's strategy of "surrounding the city from the countryside"?

Of course. The most incredible thing about Ohno Dankaede is.

This Gray Cult support club is the support club of Houlang Sang! And the branch director is the current president of the student union of Jiudaohe!

Gathering the local strength of Sun Island Jiudaohe to support a student who came all the way from abroad and only stayed for a few days... This sounds outrageous!

But having said that.

Ohno Dankaede The moment I saw the list, I still felt a sense of pride in my heart.

This kind of pride cannot be felt in any of the Rainbow Seven Gangs.

It is indeed Houlang Sang!

The real god immortal!

It's only been a few days...

You can actually gain the attention and support of so many people with your charisma!

He is indeed the man he likes!

"The registration has been completed. Ohno Dankaede." At this time, Ma Jiao's words interrupted his thoughts.

"So fast?"

"Just copy and paste personal information. No trouble."

Ma Jiao said: "Have you also seen the pamphlet on my desk? This is the Gray Cult program that was temporarily printed. Please be careful to recite it. Otherwise, it will be bad if you are considered a mole."

"Is there still a program?" Ohno Dankaede was stunned.

He opened the gray-covered booklet.

The so-called Gray Cult program is not a program in the true sense.

In fact, it was the essay called {Stand-in} that Crispy Noodles Dao Lord wrote for Wang Ling at the Jiulong Mountain Physical Arts Conference...

The famous phrase "a grain of ash in the times" comes from there.

But just reciting this sentence is obviously not enough to become a true fan.

Therefore. Sun Rong has already established the most basic conditions for admission.

That is "full text recitation".

And every month, the heads of each major branch will conduct regular spot checks. If you can't memorize it, the door will be cleared directly...

"There are only so many of us on the first day. Can I still take the position of vice president?" Ohno Dankaede looked at the list with some doubts in his heart.

Asking him to carry something on his back is not a difficult task.

It's just that he is worried about whether the promise Jisaki made to him before can be fulfilled.

"A branch can have up to two deputy ministers. Ohno Dankaede is a student in District S. Currently, apart from Ma Jiao and I, you are the third student to join Gray Cult."

Jisaki said: "Since I promised Ohno-san to be the deputy minister, of course I will not break my promise. But Ohno-san must also cooperate and do some work. Otherwise, I'm afraid it will be difficult to convince the public."

"I understand this." Ohno Dankaede said: "So. What do you need me to do?"

"Help us attract more students from District S."

Jisaki said: "My classmate Ma Jiao and I are members of the student union. There is a certain degree of specialness. It's hard to talk to us over in District S."

"S District...those people are indeed stubborn. When I came out of the Purple Maple Society, those people from the Rainbow Seven Gang were still planning to make plans to embarrass Houlang Sang."

"What specific plan is it?"

"I have made it clear that I will not get involved. So they have excluded me..."

"Hey. It's a pity. Otherwise you could be an undercover agent. Do you know that gin in Conan? It seems like there are undercover agents around you."

"..."

"In other words, do we have any other way to develop undercover agents in each gang within the Rainbow Seven Gang?"

"I do have a few brothers with whom I have a good relationship. You can ask them."

Ohno Dankaede frowned: "But whether they all agree or not. I don't know."

"Just try your best."

"good!"

It is certainly important to win over students from District S.

On the other side, as young people in the new era of cultivation. In addition, the Jiudaohe Gray Cult branch also has computer experts like Ma Jiao.

As the president, Jisaki has a lot of room for leadership.

The next step. Of course, what he has to do is to expand the scale. And then accumulate the popularity of Gray Cult on the Sun Island.

Therefore, he asked Ma Jiao to register a "Jiudaohe Gray Cult Branch" account on Station B.

I plan to release some interesting short videos in the future to gain popularity for Gray Cult on the Internet.

"I forgot to mention Ohno-san." At this time, Jisaki said suddenly.

"?"

"Congratulations on joining the religion!" He stretched out his hand and held it tightly with Ohno Dankaede.

"I'll do my best, Minister!"

Ohno Dankaede nodded.

The expression on his face was extremely serious.

...

Inside the dormitory. Wang Ling was sitting cross-legged on the floor with no clothes on.

Although I tried my best to preserve my physical strength during today's battle, the one-time sealing of the talisman actually still consumed a lot of energy.

Wang Ming cannot make more Talisman in a short time.

You can only use your own technical means to patch those disposable Talismans that have collapsed but are not too damaged.

Full repair is impossible.

Some one-time Talisman collapse is so complete that there is no room for rescue.

Even if the others are rescued, the effect will not be as good as before.

Take durability as an example.

When a brand new disposable Talisman comes out. If the durability is 100.

Now it's broken and rescued. Wang Ming can probably only save 1-5 points of durability.

No matter how small a mosquito's legs are, they are still meat. In this situation, it is better than nothing.

And now, these are the ones that have been rescued.

Wang Ling originally had more than ninety talismans. After today's selection, 81 were left.

If you don't count the rescued ones, there are less than 70 left.

At this time, Wang Ming gently patted Wang Ling on the back.

He had to put the rescued disposable Talisman on Wang Ling one by one as if applying plaster.

But he didn't dare to use too much force on his hands.

Mainly because I'm afraid of being slapped and breaking my bones...

"You kid. Why is your skin whiter than Yinzi's?" Wang Ming said with a smile while helping Wang Ling reattach the charm.

"..." Wang Ling was silent.

I manually darkened my skin tone a bit.

Wang Ming looked at the rapidly darkening skin color. The corner of his mouth twitched: "Just normal...it doesn't have to be as dark as the African chiefs..."

"Yeah." After a moment of skinning, Wang Ling quickly adjusted his skin color back.

Under the quiet night, the two brothers rarely talked.

"That black stone. I haven't reached the research stage yet. It will take some time to analyze the box outside. But it shouldn't be too difficult." Wang Ming clicked his tongue: "It's a pity that Yinzi doesn't understand this. I think it's best. I have an assistant."

Actually mentioned here.

Wang Ling's mind.

However, person Number 1 vaguely emerged.

This person is no one else.

It is the civilian scientist who was recruited by Jiugong Liangzi and Sun Rong respectively before: Shou Chong...





Chapter 1547 A gathering of "upper-class students"


Recruiting assistants is actually very critical.

In the past, Wang Ming actually had many favorite candidates.

But he never had the courage to recruit these people as his assistants.

Because the research on sealing Talisman is a top-secret project developed privately by Wang Ming. If an unreliable person were to expose the matter, everything would be over.

It is true. Whether it is Wang Ling's terrifying spell or Wang Ming's super brainwaves, they all have the ability to erase a person's memory.

Or lay some kind of trap. Keep the secret forever.

Once the secret is revealed, that person will die or something like that...

But neither brother is such a ruthless person.

Researching this kind of project itself requires sincere cooperation. If there is no mutual trust, the final goal will not be achieved.

Wang Ming actually struggled with the choice of assistant for several years.

Ever since Wang Ling entered junior high school, he actually had an idea.

But it is a pity that it has never been put into practice.

At this time, Wang Ming, the Internet celebrity citizen scientist mentioned by Wang Ling, has actually paid attention to it.

There is some controversy in the field of cultivation science as to whether Shou Chong has real talent and practical knowledge.

He attracted a lot of attention by recording videos of creating various weird gadgets and posting them online.

What kind of essential oil facial applicator, automatic hair washing machine, automatic ice cream licker, etc...

The technical content of these small inventions is very average. The main ones are Tu Yile.

But no one thought that Shou Chong would become famous online with these gadgets. Then he attracted a large amount of investment from "Wang Duoyu".

To put it bluntly.

Whether Shou Chong has this ability or not is still unclear based on rumors and rumors from the outside world.

After all, there are some people in every circle who are self-righteous and feel that their talents are not appreciated.

When you see other people in the same circle getting angry, you will inevitably become a lemon and pick on that person.

Many times there are rumors against some people on the Internet. Especially there are many things that have no evidence. Just take a look and laugh...

No comment if the full picture is unknown. Those who believe in everything are fools.

Of course, the most controversial thing about Shou Chong is not that he relies on these small inventions to attract investment.

But many of the products he customized. In fact, some of them have design flaws. There are also many debates about safety accidents on the Internet.

For example, Sun Rong's cousin Fan Xing... was launched from the building by Shou Chong's safety escape device. He didn't even care about landing!

Fan Xing is still lying in the hospital like a mummy.

My whole life is probably ruined.

And here's the kicker. He won't die.

Hanging on by a thread every day. It's so painful to live...

High paraplegia prevented him from getting out of bed. He couldn't even jump from a building.

Fan Xing wants his little brother to end his life.

Unfortunately, he lost his speech ability after the fall. He lay in bed crying every day and could not speak.

He tried to use eye contact to tell his younger brother to give him a knife.

It's a pity that the younger brother actually wiped away his tears and held his hand tightly: "Brother Xing! Don't worry! Modern cultivation medical technology is so advanced! You can always be cured!"

"..."

Fan Xing is desperate!

Treat a furball...he just wants to have a good time!

Now Fan Xing. The thing I regret the most is when I went to Sun Rong's villa to cause trouble...

If I had restrained myself, I probably wouldn't have gotten to this point.

Heavenly Dao reincarnation. Those who do unrighteousness will surely die.

Fan Xing didn't understand this until now.

It's a pity. It's too late.

Putting his thoughts back. Wang Ming is still thinking about Shou Chong.

"Do you think this person is reliable?" Wang Ming asked, touching his chin.

To be honest, I don't know whether Wang Ling is reliable or not.

He just counted on his fingers. It was estimated that Wang Ming's subsequent research would be related to Shou Chong.

"This man is a controversial figure in our community. And even if I do send an invitation. I wouldn't be listened to. My identity is strictly confidential. In the eyes of outsiders, I'm just an idiot." Wang Ming smiled.

On the other hand, on Shou Chong's side. Actually, Wang Ming has always had an intuition.

He felt that this old fox was pretending to be crazy and acting stupid most of the time.

Whether it's those strange gadgets posted on the Internet or some subsequent safety incidents...

There is a high probability that it was all the result of his planning.

Take those security incidents, for example. All "victims" have some level of bad behavior.

In a sense, it also means doing justice for heaven.

However, the police could not do anything about Chong.

Because when he signed the contract, Shou Chong actually had a stipulation that all safety issues that occurred after the boss confirmed the product acceptance had nothing to do with him.

It's written in black and white.

So what else can you do?

It can only be treated as an accident and handed over to the insurance company.

...

"Eh. It's really difficult!"

In the girls' dormitory in Area S.

Sun Rong and Zhai Yin are studying the 126-point dice cup technique that Wang Ling just performed.

After all, she will have to communicate with others on behalf of Wang Ling...

To deal with Ohno Dankaede's problem, we must do some research on the dice cup technique.

The result was more difficult than Sun Rong imagined.

"Wow...how on earth did classmate Wang Ling do it. He picked out the points alone and divided them into two halves..." Sun Rong was surprised.

This requirement for precision is too high. That is to say, Wang Ling can still do it now that it is heavily sealed. It may not be possible at ordinary times.

"If you are so curious, just go and ask your home Wang Ling." Zhai Yin couldn't help but tease.

"Sister Yinzi made fun of me again..." Sun Rong blushed.

In fact, these things are trivial to her. She can just do her own research.

She cherishes every opportunity to talk to Wang Ling.

Even if it’s just communication through text messages or other messaging apps.

There is nothing particularly urgent. She will never bother you without reason.

"My classmate Wang Ling likes to be quiet. If I send him messages frequently, it will be annoying." Sun Rong laughed.

Then she stared at the dice cup in front of her and fell into deep thought.

Zhai Yin looked at the girl with a serious look on her face. She couldn't help but sigh silently in her heart.

This girl is so sensible that it makes people feel distressed...

I just don't know how much longer I have to wait.

It is said that it is a difficult process for a daughter-in-law to become a mother-in-law. But I don’t know why after seeing what happened with Sun Rong and Wang Ling. Zhai Yin suddenly felt that the hardship was nothing...

The 126-point dice cup method. Wang Ling uses the spiritual power on the fingertips.

Regarding this point, Sun Rong feels that it may be difficult for him to imitate.

But if combined with Sword's method, it might be possible.

She stared at the dice cup in her hand for a while. She felt that she seemed to have a way to crack it.

Although there are some new approaches.

But it is still a path after all.

And the key point is that Ohno Dankaede is also a Sword master. So his method may make it easier for Ohno Dankaede to accept it.

...

Developing Ohno Dankaede into the deputy director of the Jiudaohe Gray Cult branch. This matter was also carefully considered by Sun Rong.

She pretended to be Jiugong Liangzi and suddenly participated in the competition. This move should have shocked many people in the Jiugong family.

Although there is no special movement yet, Sun Rong has a premonition that it won't be too long before the storm comes.

What is important in this situation now is to confirm your identity.

As the leader of Gray Cult, all the Gray Cult believers in Jiudaohe can actually provide a good cover for her plan to disguise herself as Jiugong Liangzi.

The reason why we value Ohno Dankaede so highly is mainly due to his overall combat capability.

Compared to Jisaki, Ohno Dankaede, who is proficient in Sword, is actually more powerful in combat than him.

Besides. Just like Jisaki said.

Ohno Dankaede and the Rainbow Seven Gang. As a candidate for the branch president of the Purple Maple Club, it is easier to act than them.

Then a mature management system was established in the Jiudaohe Gray Cult branch.

Jisaki is responsible for command and communication, Ma Jiao is responsible for Internet layout and statistics, and Ohno Dankaede can be responsible for protection and instigating rebellion...

Sun Rong holds Ohno Dankaede in such high regard. It’s not without reason.

What's more important is that Ohno Dankaede passed Aohai's sword energy recognition.

Although in today's final round of the five-person selection.

He made things extremely difficult for Wang Ling. He even set a trap.

But in fact, his nature is not bad... and he is actually a person with high emotional intelligence.

On the other hand, Ohno Dankaede's actual actions did not disappoint Sun Rong.

The current opinion from Jisaki and Ma Jiao is to let him arrange moles within the Rainbow Seven Gang to split them from within.

In order to complete this plan.

After Ohno Dankaede joined the church, his next step was naturally to find a brother with whom he had a better relationship to join the church.

And the first person he thought of was... Lan Mao, who had previously fought against Wang Ling.

He is the president of Lanyan Association.

Under the current situation of the Rainbow Seven Gang being united, and with Lan Mao's identity as the president, there is almost no information that cannot be uncovered.

Lan Yan Club branch office. Lan Mao sat in his seat in a daze.

He kicked everyone else out of the office.

Because Lan Mao doesn't want others to see his absent-minded look...

And the most important thing is that the reason for his loss of consciousness is not because of...

It's actually for Houlang Sang...

After he fought against Wang Ling, he has been reflecting on that battle.

He remembered that he was obviously injured due to backlash during the battle.

But when he came out of coma, he didn't feel any discomfort at all.

Even if the referee ball didn't release the healing spray, he won't be able to see any injuries!

Ohno Dankaede opened the office door. When he saw Lan Mao's appearance, he couldn't help but smile.

Sure enough!

Everything was just as he thought.

It seems that everyone who has played against Houlang Sang will probably be conquered by Houlang Sang's personality charm...

"Brother Lu looks very distressed."

Ohno Dankaede opened the door and walked in with a smile. Lan Mao thought it was the blind member again. He was about to open his mouth and scold the person away. When he saw the person coming, he closed his mouth.

Ohno Dankaede likes to add the character "brother" after his last name for people he knows well or respects him.

It doesn’t matter if the person opposite you is older or younger than you.

That's what he calls.

This will make you appear closer.

When Lan Mao saw Ohno Dankaede coming over, he didn't say anything. He didn't even ask, "What are you doing here?"

And Ohno Dankaede didn't regard himself as an outsider. He sat directly in the vice president's seat and looked at him: "I guess Brother Lu is thinking about Houlang Sang."

His mind was exposed. Lan Mao wanted to refute, but he opened his mouth and closed it again.

Indeed...

As a straight man, he kept thinking about a man in his mind.

It's a bit hard to talk about this kind of thing.

What should I do if someone misunderstands my sexual orientation?

"What else do you know?"

Lan Mao didn't deny it. He just stared at Ohno Dankaede.

"Brother Lu should also feel this way."

"?"

"It's the feeling after playing against Houlang Sang. I'm really looking forward to competing with him again."

Lan Mao's pupils contracted and he almost became energetic all of a sudden.

He was troubled for a long time. No one knew what he was thinking.

The result was disastrous. In the end, his good brother Ohno Dankaede came to look for him.

When Lan Mao heard this, he couldn't help but sigh: "Yes... he is a magical man. He looks weak, but he seems to be very strong. There is a sense of mystery..."

After saying that, he couldn't help but smile bitterly.

"It's a pity. I may not have the chance to fight Houlang Sang again."

"I don't think so."

Ohno Dankaede smiled and said: "I have a way here. I can help Brother Lu deepen the relationship with Houlang Sang."

"I know. You mean Gray Cult?"

"You actually knew?"

"After I came back, I actually checked some things about Houlang Sang. Of course, I didn't check it out of any malicious intent. It was just out of admiration..." Lan Mao said: "But I don't seem to have enough Chinese language skills for Gray Cult's admission standards. My grades are too bad."

"It doesn't matter."

Ohno Dankaede said: "As long as Brother Lu is willing, I can help Brother Lu apply for special approval first, and then give you tutoring. As long as you meet the standard in the monthly exam."

"Is this okay?"

"Of course." Ohno Dankaede nodded.

He looked at Lan Mao, showing the same look in his eyes that he had withdrawn from when Jisaki asked him before.

"So Brother Lu, are you ready to join the religion?"

Lan Mao stood up immediately.

He looked very excited.

"I! Always ready!"

"Well, Brother Lu, you are welcome to join the gang! Next, I want to ask you about the current situation of the gang..."

...

About ten minutes later, Sun Rong received the information from Jisaki.

The information was obtained after Ohno Dankaede communicated with Lan Mao.

The current plan of several other gang presidents in the Rainbow Seven Gang is to organize a gathering of "upper-class students" that only students from District S can participate in. Then invite Wang Ling there.

I haven't read the invitation yet. Sun Rong suddenly laughed.

Upper class?

How classy can it be?

Show off your family's financial resources. Or show off your customized spiritual sword or magic weapon?

From childhood to adulthood. Sun Rong has seen too many scenes.

What battles have I not seen before...

She immediately lamented the naivety of this group of people.

I thought the student union in Jiudaohe District S was planning some big conspiracy or something. I didn’t expect it to be just like this...

It's a party full of souvenir style. In fact, Sun Rong didn't even bother to take a look.

"Instructions for the banquet. You must bring a valuable magic weapon to show up. It is really the behavior of a child." Zhai Yin couldn't help but laugh when he saw the invitation.

"As expected..."

Sun Rong support amount.

Is it a magic weapon...

If classmate Wang Ling took a piece of shit and enlightened it. It could probably smash those people's magic treasures to pieces...





Chapter 1548 The Monk’s Way of Acceleration


A group of people from Number 60 High School are worrying about the "high-class banquet".

On the other side, Monk Jin Deng is still conscientiously executing the tasks assigned to him by Wang Ling.

After accepting the Chaos Armor, he followed Zheng's footsteps. However, Zheng's movement speed was too fast.

When the steel wings on the back are opened, they can freely travel through space. It is equivalent to having an additional "shrinking method" that has no cooling time and does not need to be activated by oneself.

Just open the steel wings.

In addition. Zheng also has the advantage that you don’t need to worry about chaos intrusion.

The flow of time in chaos is very different from that on earth. The monk chased for a while. A long time may have passed on earth...

On the way to return the Chaos Armor, the monk never saw the figure of Zheng. An idea came to his mind involuntarily.

If he pursues him so unrestrictedly...

When he returns to Earth, will Ling Zhenren even have children?

After restraining his dangerous thoughts, the monk looked stunned. Then he speeded up again.

He pulled out his head and turned it upside down and carried it behind his back.

Then there was a loud bang!

The six scars on his head suddenly emitted endless blue jet flames, leading the monk's body forward quickly!

This is a skull-type backpack accelerator. It is a small skill developed by the monk himself.

I can’t say it’s too powerful. But it’s more practical.

It's just because it's scary to use. The monk has never shown it in front of outsiders.

Use the skull-type backpack accelerator and the "shrinking the ground into an inch" method without stopping.

The monk finally felt Zheng's breath getting closer to him.

"That will work. The poor monk should be able to catch up soon." At this time, the monk's head behind his back showed a calm smile.

Ahead. Picking up Peng Xiren is like sprinting a million light years Zheng.

Suddenly I felt a familiar breath approaching from behind.

Zheng: "..."

"Is it that monk?"

Zheng frowned. It was unclear why the monk was chasing him.

Could it be that he wanted to kill him while he was sick, considering that he had destroyed two chaos weapons and was seriously injured?

If this matter were placed on other people, Zheng might be wary.

But what Monk Jin Deng said...Zheng felt that the other party would not do something so immoral.

"Let me go." Peng Xiren was tightly restrained by Zheng.

He originally wanted to wait for Zheng to take him some distance before looking for an opportunity to escape.

However, he still underestimated the power of Earthly Ancestor-level masters.

He is just in the realm of Dao Ancestor.

But Zheng. is Earthly Ancestor.

There is also a "Human Ancestor realm" gap between them.

Therefore, even if Zheng is injured now, it is still more than enough to suppress him.

"If you don't obey again, don't blame me for beating you." Zheng glared at Peng Xiren.

Peng Xiren actually suffered a lot from Dao Ancestor Wang or Zheng when he was a teenager.

Once upon a time. Naturally, Dao Ancestor Wang taught him a little more lessons.

Sometimes Dao Ancestor Wang happens to have something to do and is unable to take action. As a spirit of Dharma with independent consciousness, Zheng will do it for him.

Peng Xiren back then.

Every inch of flesh on this body.

Zheng. None of them were spared.

Even looking back now, Peng Xiren, as the victim, still can't help but tremble.

He thought he could break free.

But now that it's obvious that I can't run away, I have to give in temporarily: "Brother Zheng..."

Zheng: "..."

"Then where is my master?" Peng Xiren asked in a low voice.

This is something Peng Xiren has always wanted to know.

Because if Dao Ancestor Wang exists, it will affect his next plan.

Zheng answered: "I don't know."

This may seem like prevarication. But in fact, Zheng does not know the whereabouts of Dao Ancestor Wang.

He is the spirit of Dharma with independent will.

Although he can act on his own and has the ability to think independently.

And it can continue to survive even after the owner disappears.

But one thing won't change.

That is Zheng can never go against Dao Ancestor Wang's will.

And this is why Zheng wants to snatch back Peng Xiren.

Because when Peng Xiren is in danger, an alarm sound that cannot be heard by ordinary people will constantly sound in his head, making him extremely irritable.

For a long time, Peng Xiren didn't speak.

Even Zheng doesn't know the whereabouts of his master, Dao Ancestor Wang...

Now Peng Xiren was really unsure.

"Where is Brother Zheng taking me?" Peng Xiren asked again.

"My residence." Zheng said. The words were concise and to the point.

Now Peng Xiren. He is too good at causing trouble.

Zheng thinks it’s better to watch it by yourself.

Of course. The most critical point is that Peng Xiren also colluded with the person Zheng disliked very much...

Dao Ancestor Wang spent so much money to suppress Fenmu Shen.

Unexpectedly, after countless years, he would be his only disciple to break the seal.

He didn't know how deep the current connection between Peng Xiren and Fenmu Shen was.

But on the way through, he heard Peng Xiren mention something very magical.

That is Fenmu Shen actually wrote a book about his deeds. And the name is {Tomb God Chronicles}...

Zheng sighed.

He decided to imprison Peng Xiren in his residence.

Let's recover a little bit from the injury. Then go and completely eliminate Fenmu Shen...

Although the opponent is very powerful.

But as long as it hasn't merged with the other half of the soul in the sky tomb, the chances of winning are still very high.

But now that he has lost two Chaos Devices, his winning rate will drop slightly from the original level.

But overall, it will not change the situation of that battle.

It’s just that Zheng doesn’t know why.

There was always a sense of uneasiness in his heart.

...

Infinite Galaxy. In front of an unknown seven-color star chart. Zheng stopped while holding Peng Xiren.

Seems to be waiting for something.

But how long.

The appearance of Monk Jin Deng, who carries a head as a jet.

Zheng: "..."

This kind of weird trick can only be imagined by a monk.

"Zheng. You ran too fast." Jin Deng chased all the way here. However, his face was not red and he was out of breath.

"You followed me all the way. Why?"

There was a hint of vigilance in Zheng's eyes: "This is the monk at the door of my house...Although I have lost my Chaos Qi and been injured, I still have many magic weapons at home that I can use."

"The poor monk has been chasing you all the way. Of course he is not here to fight with you."

The monk smiled kindly. Then he took out the fully repaired Chaos Armor from his sleeve and explained his purpose: "I am here to return this thing."

"..."

Zheng saw the intact Chaos Armor. He was obviously stunned for a while.

His armor was as broken as tofu before...

Can this be repaired?





Chapter 1549 Corpse Map Research


The two chaos devices were beaten to pieces. It seems to Zheng that there is no possibility of repair.

This is also one of the flaws of this chaotic thing...

Because there is no material in the world that can replace this natural material derived from chaos.

If the magic weapon is worn out, it can still be soaked in chaos for maintenance.

But there must be a gap or something. Chaos cannot be repaired.

Not to mention the current situation where his body is shattered to pieces.

Even if there is only a small scratch on the computer, it cannot be restored by immersing it in chaos.

Regarding this point, Zheng actually has a grudge in his heart.

It’s really a headache that this product from Chaos doesn’t have “shattered screen protection”.

So now when the Chaos Armor appeared in front of Zheng intact, the expression on Zheng's face was extremely surprised.

"Since this Chaos Armor can be repaired... then my Corpse Map..." Zheng said suspiciously.

Wang Ling's strength is astonishing. He admitted that he underestimated the young man.

He didn't expect to be able to repair the Chaos Device.

However, Chaos Armor and Corpse Map are essentially the same thing.

So since the Chaos Armor can be repaired, his Corpse Map should theoretically be repaired as well.

"The Corpse Map has indeed been restored." A monk does not lie. The monk understands Zheng's temper, so it would be better to be more honest.

"Where's the picture?"

"Ling Zhenren said. I want to study it for a few days. I will return it to you when the study is completed."

"..."

ZhengThe corners of his mouth twitched: "Can you give me a deadline?"

"What a deadline. It's too far-fetched."

Monk Jin Deng put his head back on his back.

The expression on his face was as kind as ever: "I'll tell you the truth, poor monk. Since these two chaos weapons have been defeated and smashed to pieces in battles before, they have no special value to Ling Zhenren. He won't drag them away on purpose. Not returning it."

Hearing this. Zheng took a deep breath.

After a great battle, two Chaos Devices that had been beyond repair were restored.

This can be considered an unexpected surprise.

Since that young man had the intention to send the monk to return the Chaos Armor to him, it meant that he really didn't mean to be greedy for his two treasures.

The formation history of the Corpse Map is older than that of the Chaos Armor. It is an eternal thing.

Zheng is thinking about it. Wang Ling may be interested in things of eternity.

I want to use the Corpse Map to ask about those eternal strong men who were suppressed in the map...

This idea seems a bit crazy at Zheng.

Because these suppressed eternal strong men have been sealed in the map for a long time. Their souls are imprisoned and cannot get out. They have already gone insane and become lunatics.

You can never expect a mentally ill person to confess something to you...

So. Regarding what monk Jin Deng said.

Zheng didn't care too much: "That's fine. If he is willing to keep it, just keep it and look at it. This picture will just look like that after looking at it for a long time. It's not interesting."

I know a lot about Corpse Map. Zheng.

A picture was unfolded. It was full of bones. There were no young ladies wearing stockings, nor were there any beautiful young female college students... Even if there were, they were just red and pink skeletons.

After looking at it for a long time, apart from being able to clearly count the number of bones in the bodies of men and women, it seems to have no extra value.

Zheng feels that as long as Wang Ling gets tired of it after studying it, he may be able to return it to himself in a short time.

Thinking of this, he turned around and placed his hand on the mouth of the seven-color astrolabe behind him.

Just as he was about to enter his password, he discovered that Monk Jin Deng had not left yet.

Zheng: "?"

Monk: "The poor monk has come a long way to send back the Chaos Armor. You won't be so stingy that you won't even give me a cup of tea, right?"

"..."

Zheng was silent for a while.

In fact, he doesn't hate monks.

It's just that he has always been a loner. He has never brought anyone else back to his mansion.

Now in this area, there are only two of them.

Peng Xiren and the monk.

One is a direct disciple of Dao Ancestor. The other can be considered an old acquaintance of his.

"Go in. Don't move things." Zheng warned coldly.

Then twist the palm of your hand and open the channel of the astrolabe.

The monk smiled and stepped in with his hind legs.

At the same time, Fenmu Shen suddenly opened his eyes in the Devouring Star.

It looks like everything is going well...

Everything was within Fenmu Shen's expectation.

Including the fact that Peng Xiren’s soul will be taken away by Zheng.

"What's the next step, senior, plan to do?" Akano Sekitora asked, "Are you going to save senior Xiren?"

"save?"

Fenmu Shen smiled.

Because. He no longer needs Peng Xiren...

This is a chess game.

From the moment Peng Xiren made up his mind to go to the earth to cause trouble for Wang Ling, he had already made up his mind.

This guy still lost because he was too young and too cautious.

In order to make first-hand insurance preparations, he actually placed his body in the Devouring Star and sent his soul to the earth...

Started as early as that time.

Fenmu Shen thought of a plan to get the best of both worlds.

Including later sending out ancient magic soldiers, pretending to rescue Peng Xiren. In fact, they wanted to attract Zheng to Peng Xiren.

Let Zheng take over this plan to rescue Peng Xiren...

The premise of this plan is that he must know that Zheng still exists in this universe.

And this.

Fenmu Shen has felt the presence of Zheng for the first time since she and Peng Xiren decided to cooperate together.

Only Peng Xiren is still in the dark.

His familiarity with Dao Ancestor Wang and Zheng was actually far beyond what Peng Xiren thought.

And now. Peng Xiren's soul was brought back to his residence by Zheng.

This was actually part of his calculation.

As long as Peng Xiren can't come out...

Then his next plan can be realized.

"The next thing. I don't need him anymore." Fenmu Shen said with a smile.

"But the location of the Sky Tomb...only Senior Xiren knows..."

"That's right." Fenmu Shen nodded. He immediately turned his gaze and looked at the body of Peng Xiren with his eyes closed: "And his mistake was that he left this body in the Devouring Star."

Akano Sekitora looked stunned: "..."

He didn't expect that the Fenmu Shen in front of him was actually this kind of Fenmu Shen.

In the end, what he wanted was not the tomb itself at all. It turned out to be the body of senior Peng Xiren...

Fenmu Shen glanced at Akano Sekitora.

He didn't pay attention to the strange thoughts in the other person's mind.

His original plan was to cooperate with Peng Xiren. After opening the Heavenly Tomb and devouring the other half of his soul to increase his strength. Then he would devour Peng Xiren.

And now this plan is Plan Number 2.

The only difference from Plan 1 is that Peng Xiren’s soul is still held captive by Zheng.

He couldn't swallow it.

But swallowing or not swallowing. It makes no difference to Fenmu Shen.

His original purpose was just to get back his own things that were sealed in the tomb...

"Delightful... Go. Take me to the directions of the Heavenly Tomb..."

At this time, Fenmu Shen opened his evil eyes. He placed his hand on Peng Xiren's body and called softly.

This is a simple spell that awakens muscle memory.

Even if Peng Xiren's soul is not here, his physical body has only visited the location of the celestial tomb.

Driven by this spell, they will act automatically like a walking zombie...

And all Fenmu Shen has to do is follow Peng Xiren's physical body.

Buzz!

Peng Xiren, who had his eyes closed tightly, suddenly released a red light.

Immediately afterwards, he stood up slowly. His body moved. Then the starlight under his feet took hold little by little.

In the next breath, the whole person disappeared directly into the Devouring Star.

"You are waiting here. Wait for me to come back." Fenmu Shen left a message to Akano Sekitora, the Silverskin King and Jiugong Xinghui. Immediately, the whole person disappeared in an instant. He followed Peng Xiren's body.

Just waiting for him to merge with the other half of the soul locked in the tomb.

All this has come to an end.

He no longer has to wait for Peng Xiren's arrangements. He acts based on anyone's face...

Because by that time, he will have ten times the power he had in his heyday!

It can truly be omnipotent and destroy everything.

Even if Zheng appears, it is impossible for him to be his opponent...

Traveling along the infinite galaxy for countless billions of light years.

The universe here gradually becomes "clear".

The reason why it is said to be clear is because Fenmu Shen discovered that there are very few galaxies in this space.

Even the meteorites floating in the air seemed to be reduced a lot.

After looking at the deep, chaotic, and complicated star map of the universe, even Fenmu Shen discovered for the first time that there is such a unique "Peach Blossom Land" in this infinite galaxy.

It's so clean here.

It seems like an unpolluted place.

Fenmu Shen can even feel the flow of air in the universe...

All those things that go against common sense have been fully reflected in this universe.

"Is the location of the celestial tomb right here?" Fenmu Shen asked with a deep look.

No wonder he has been trying to explore the location of the Sky Tomb in the infinite galaxy for so many years, but has never been found.

The infinite galaxy is too vast. There are too many mysterious places that he has never thought of... If he searches according to basic common sense, he will definitely not get any results.

Ahead. Peng Xiren's physical body has slowed down and finally stopped at a certain coordinate.

Fenmu Shen couldn't help but laugh: "You spent such a huge price to seal me for so many years... I'm afraid you didn't expect it. Today's seal was led by your most proud disciple to break through it, right?"

At this time, Peng Xiren raised his hand expressionlessly and waved the Qiankun password in his hand.

A rift in space appeared that was just big enough for one person to pass through.

Fenmu Shen thought that the passage was about to open. However, at this moment, a sound of bells suddenly came from the crack.

An old woman with a stooped back and a lantern walked out of the crack.

The handle of this lantern is a dragon head. At first glance, it looks like an eternal thing.

And under the lantern, there was a series of golden bells hanging. As the old woman staggered out, they kept swaying and making crisp sounds...

The sound made Fenmu Shen a little unhappy.

The bell is not a mortal thing. It is obviously an object from all eternity. It is a lantern made of chaos. There is also a string of bells also from chaos hanging at the bottom.

"Who..." the old woman said.

The sound was not loud, but it was like a heavenly bell in this space. The sound wave spread out and gradually became stronger. In the end, it was like a tsunami, and the surrounding wind was strong.

There was an explosion in the distance.

The old woman's greeting directly caused a violent reaction in the space, which spread to far away places.

Those harsh wind whistles are actually the wails of the planet spirits.

"Interesting." Fenmu Shen opened his spiritual shield and stood still. Such a show of force could not stop him.

"I have been ordered by Dao Ancestor to guard the Sky Tomb. No one is allowed to approach." The old woman looked at the evil-eyed creature in front of her.

Fenmu Shen flew through the void. He maintained his posture of sitting cross-legged. He was aloof and arrogant.

There are blood-colored war lines tattooed on the dark purple skin. On the skinny cheeks that look like there is no moisture at all, there are three evil eyes that do not belong to humans.

The jet black mane was braided into two twists and hung down along the temples.

She actually knows the origin of Fenmu Shen... Those evil eyes are his biggest symbol.

Just by looking at it, one can recognize that this person is the terrifying creature that Dao Ancestor Wang spent a huge price to deal with back then.

Therefore, the old woman did not dare to show any slackness in her eyes.

The location of the Sky Tomb is a secret. No one except Peng Xiren can find it.

Regarding the sudden appearance of Fenmu Shen, the old woman understood everything after seeing Peng Xiren being manipulated like a puppet.

"Those who forcefully break into the tomb will die..." The old woman had no other words.

As the guardian of the Sky Tomb, she must complete the mission given to her by Dao Ancestor Wang.

Even if it ends up costing her life, she must do everything possible to stop the person in front of her.

Although the old woman knew it in her heart. At this moment, there was a huge disparity in strength between her and Fenmu Shen...

"The universe is going to be in chaos..." The old woman said in her heart before she decided to take action.

Buzz!

The next moment, I saw the old woman holding the lantern in her hand. She opened the top of the lantern and took out the white flame inside with two fingers. Then she fired towards Fenmu Shen with a flick of her fingertips!

"Go!" the old woman shouted softly.

This small cluster of white lamp flames suddenly burst into a brilliance as devastating as a star!

The white flame turned into a one-horned unicorn. It rolled its iron hooves and rushed toward Fenmu Shen!

The scene created by this small white flame was vast and infinite. For a moment, the space was swept into a sea of spiritual beings.

Almost every inch of the city was in riots.

Looking at this scene, Fenmu Shen closed the spiritual shield and allowed himself to be baptized by the white flame. It was just a slight burning sensation. It was not very painful.

The old woman's eyes were horrified. She didn't expect that her Sea and Sky Holy Flame would actually fail. It was a kind of eternal flame. It collected the core flames of hundreds of millions of stars and cultivated the most powerful holy flame!

But now, this sea and sky holy flame has no effect on Fenmu Shen at all.

The old woman's pupils were shocked. Although she had already expected that there was a gap in combat power between herself and the monster in front of her, she did not expect that the monster would be so strong...

"Is that it? Then... it's my turn to take action..."

At this time, Fenmu Shen in front of him shuddered: "The weak retreat!"

Then he stretched out his finger. A powerful spiritual light shot out from his fingertips, directly splitting the white sea of fire in front of him into two!

By the time the old woman came to her senses, Fenmu Shen had already come from across the sea and pinched her head...





Chapter 1550 The Tomb Keeper of the Heavenly Tomb


The moment her head was clasped by this pitch-black claw, the old woman felt her brain was congested and her lips trembled.

She was calm on the surface, but she was extremely frightened inside.

Although I had already anticipated the strength of the person in front of me, I never thought that the other person would be so strong.

Sometimes the gap between strengths can often be reflected in simple details.

The divine light called "The Weak Retreat" that Fenmu Shen shot split apart her sea of holy flames in an instant. It also rushed towards her at a speed invisible to the naked eye and grabbed her head.

"Although I had expected that the old guy would definitely send someone to guard the tomb, I didn't expect that the person sent to guard the tomb would be such a miserable little woman." Fenmu Shen said.

With his current combat power, he wouldn't panic at all even if he encountered a monster.

But the old woman in front of him was far inferior to Xie in terms of combat power.

"I know I am no match for you. But there are mountains outside the mountains. I advise you to understand." The old woman sneered. But she was neither humble nor arrogant.

"Of course I understand this truth, but you don't know. I have always been a mountain outside the mountain..." Fenmu Shen sighed. He couldn't help but laugh: "Wait until I get back the other half of the tomb. Soul. Kill that boy on earth again. There will be no more trouble in this universe."

As soon as he finished speaking, the hand he held in the old woman's hand suddenly rumbled. Endless dark and chaotic light was released from his palm.

It was poured down directly from the top of the old woman's head. It contained strong spiritual energy and the power of rules. It demonstrated Fenmu Shen's powerful power. It was otherworldly and surprising.

The old woman was filled with this black light. She was like a chicken being held up. She had no strength left to resist.

Her body expanded like a balloon.

then.

"Bang!"

Turned into a ball of flying ash!

Under the powerful outpouring of energy, the old woman didn't even cry out.

"Too weak. Vulnerable." Fenmu Shen stopped.

He originally thought that the guardians of the Sky Tomb would not be too weak.

The result is just a fool who shows off his power by relying on a few chaos weapons in his hand.

Eternal-level characters. Who hasn’t got a few precious chaos weapons in their hands?

Fenmu Shen still has quite a few collections of his own.

He originally thought that as the guardian of the Sky Tomb, he could at least be forced to sacrifice a Chaos Weapon to show respect.

Unexpectedly. This old woman is too weak.

He glanced at the place where the old woman disappeared. The expression on his face was neither sad nor happy. He turned around and walked towards the place where the old woman had just appeared.

The old woman just stepped out of the space rift opened by Peng Xiren.

And this spatial rift, Fenmu Shen thinks, is the passage connecting the celestial tomb.

The specific coordinates. He has completely memorized them.

"Old guy, you didn't expect... In the end, you buried me and sealed me here. In the end, I still dug your coffin with my own hands..."

At this time, Fenmu Shen stretched out his sharp claws.

He possesses unparalleled power. He pierces directly into the void and forcibly opens up the space at that coordinate position!

Suddenly the nearby space shook. Thunder roared. Powerful psychic energy fluctuations spread out with Fenmu Shen as the center. Divine light shot into the sky. The scene was horrifying.

Such an amazing scene. Any viewer would definitely exclaim that the end is coming.

As for Fenmu Shen himself, it seemed like he had done something ordinary.

His expression was calm. No matter how terrifying the scene nearby was, there was no fluctuation.

After a few seconds of clawing at the cracks, Fenmu Shen's pupils finally shook slightly: "It's done."

The closed crack in the tomb was opened again, giving Fenmu Shen a surprise that his long-cherished wish had finally come true.

However, just as he was about to lean out, a pair of old hands stretched out from the crack again and grabbed his claws.

"Eh?"

Fenmu Shen was surprised.

Unexpectedly, there is someone in the tomb today.

And this person is no one else.

It was the old woman with the lantern whom I had destroyed before...

"You are still alive?" Fenmu Shen found it incredible.

Under the previous initiation of that kind of power, he was sure that the old woman was dead.

And during the whole process, his evil eyes were carefully observing to ensure that the old woman he caught was the real person, not a stand-in or an illusion.

But now, the old woman with the lantern who appeared in front of him again was exactly the same as the one he killed before.

No matter it's the expression, posture, clothing, appearance or the movement of holding the lantern.

Everything looks like a replica. It's exactly the same.

"You take it for granted. Entering the Dao Ancestor Sky Tomb is not that easy."

The old woman holding the lantern laughed and said: "Although I can't beat you, you can't do anything to me. Even if you risk your life and block the entrance of this passage, it doesn't matter. Let's see who can outlast the other."

Fenmu Shen frowned.

He was so angry at the old woman's words that he was trembling all over.

"I don't believe that I can't kill you..."

Boom!

Suddenly, a breath as vast as the ocean came overwhelmingly.

It was like a storm blowing, making people's skin tremble.

The old woman's figure was almost unstable, but her lantern was as steady as a rock in the strong wind. She didn't even move.

"The weak retreat!"

Fenmu Shen repeats his old tricks.

This time, he opened his five fingers. On his fingertips, there were five rays of God's light like five sharp swords. He stabbed the old woman's head, chest and other vital parts again!

Boom!

The old woman's body exploded on the spot. It was torn apart!

This time, he added a little bit of incantation to his move, which can cause the person hit to be destroyed physically and mentally, without reincarnation. It can effectively limit 99% of resurrection spells!

Fenmu Shen felt that this old woman could be resurrected. She must have used some method to resurrect herself, or a magic weapon or prop for death.

However, not long after the old woman holding the lamp exploded.

From the rift in space, another identical old woman came out holding a lantern...

Fenmu Shen was surprised.

He thought to himself: Could this old woman have multiples?

There is a popular type of girl these days. The heroine is one who has multiple children.

For example {One Pregnancy and Six Treasures: The Overbearing President Knocks on the Door}.

The scene in front of him just reminded Fenmu Shen of this category.

He looked at the old woman who was constantly resurrected. He couldn't help but start to think of the title of the book {One Child, a Thousand Treasures: Giving birth to an old woman to carry the lantern}...

This old woman couldn't possibly have jumped out of a rock, right?

"What? Are you feeling hopeless now?"

The old woman holding the lantern smiled: "There are many people who want to kill me. But there are almost no people who can actually kill me."

"Are you inhuman?" Fenmu Shen was also confused.

He glanced up and down at the tombkeeper in front of him with his evil eyes.

Suddenly, he figured out something...

That's the way to really kill the old woman. Maybe you can't start directly with the old woman's body!

The real body should be this old woman’s lantern!

Every time, this old woman comes out carrying a lantern...

At this time, Fenmu Shen stared at the old woman holding the lantern and cursed in her heart.

He thought of a way beyond resurrection.

And it is not within the scope of 99% of the resurrection spells that you have limited.

It was also a spell that Dao Ancestor Wang was developing but had not yet officially launched.

As an old rival of Dao Ancestor Wang, Fenmu Shen should know something about it.

Now that so many years have passed, it is not surprising that this trick has been developed.

"Did that old guy pass on the method of the Immortal Grip to you?" At this time, Fenmu Shen asked.





Chapter 1551 The weird one among the eternal strong men


At that time, Dao Ancestor Wang's "Method of Immortal Grip" only existed in theory.

This is an unlimited imprinting powerful resurrection technique.

By shaking hands, the engraving can be placed.

You can increase your resurrection speed by constantly being "killed".

and ultimately achieve a state of immortality.

That is... even if the whole body has been shattered into pieces. Only a ball of fly ash is left.

It can also be restored immediately to the original state within a few seconds.

"As expected, the tombkeepers of the Sky Tomb are not ordinary people. I am looking down on you."

Fenmu Shen stared at the old woman in front of her with her purple eyes.

He was thoughtful and seemed to be planning something.

"As long as I am here, you can't even think about stepping into the tomb behind this place."

The old woman holding the lantern sighed slightly.

The next second, the flame of the lamp in her hand suddenly surged. It seemed to represent her anger and endless fighting spirit.

The temperature in the nearby void continues to rise.

This little lantern shines like a star, releasing endless light and heat.

The surrounding space seemed to be burned, like window paper, melting holes one after another under the strong temperature.

These burned space holes look chaotic.

In fact, there are certain rules and ordering.

The old woman holding a lantern arranged these caves into a formation and surrounded Fenmu Shen layer by layer.

She tried to burn him completely with the flames of the Holy Flame!

Since a large-scale attack is easily broken up by the "weak retreat" move.

Now, it is the best choice to adopt a horse-fighting battle and launch attacks from all directions at the same time.

Fenmu Shen's expression remained unchanged.

He stared at the lantern in the old woman's hand for a few seconds and opened his mouth.

With a sound of "rua", he spit out a golden sword from his mouth and shot it straight upward!

Then. There was a buzz!

A golden rain of swords burst out and struck down densely.

Wherever the sword energy of the golden sword passed, all the molten holes arranged by the old woman with the lantern were instantly cut open and disappeared.

"You can't escape now." Fenmu Shen chuckled.

I don't even pay attention to the old woman holding the lamp.

Now that you already know the opponent's method of resurrection.

Naturally, he had already thought of the way to solve it.

His evil eyes are not blind.

You can tell that the old woman in front of you is not a normal human being.

If he judged correctly, the old woman and the lantern in her hand were one and the same...

This is the weapon spirit of this lantern!

The other party very cleverly transferred the "Grasp of Immortality" given by Dao Ancestor Wang to the lantern in his hand.

Therefore, as long as you hold the lantern, the engraving effect will continue to activate, thus resurrecting continuously.

This roundabout behavior may be for insurance.

This will prevent this engraving from falling into the hands of others.

Fenmu Shen never expected that he would be so lucky to meet him.

"Old guy... everything you do will eventually become my stepping stone." He sneered.

The next moment, he immediately stretched out a finger and wrote something in the void.

The old woman holding the lantern looked at this scene. Her expression changed drastically: "The law of death..."

This is an extremely powerful curse-killing technique! And it is specifically targeted at weapon spirits!

The old woman holding the lantern did not expect that the other party would find out her identity...

For these ten thousand years, she has maintained her body day and night, condensing herself into a body of flesh and blood to make herself look more like a human being.

But I didn't expect that at this moment, Fenmu Shen would find out.

When this "Death Order" was played, the old woman holding the lantern could clearly feel that an invisible decree was being generated in the space.

No time to think at all.

Fenmu Shen wrote the string of black ancient characters in the void. It turned into a long line of laws and decrees to suppress her!

Huge earthquake in space!

A strong sound erupted.

The old woman was surrounded by a black light.

The powerful power of the law radiated, and her whole body trembled. She felt that all the energy and blood in her body were evaporating.

"No..." Her body could no longer hold up quickly.

Under this powerful law of law, his true self manifested.

"After all, you're just a junior." Fenmu Shen sneered.

The next moment, he turned his hand and pressed it. The old woman holding the lantern fell to her knees on the spot under the words of the law directed at the weapon spirit. She could no longer lift the lantern in her hand.

She saw Fenmu Shen's true intention. She used her last bit of strength to try to blow herself up!

Although "Seal of the Immortal Grasp" is a method of resurrection, if you choose to commit suicide... you will not be able to be resurrected.

The old woman holding the lantern knew that Fenmu Shen wanted to take away the seal, so she made up her mind to destroy it together with the seal.

But unfortunately, she was still a step too late.

At the same time as the lantern was released.

The engraving on the lantern handle actually fell off instantly and flew towards Fenmu Shen's palm.

Imprint transfer...

The old woman's eyes were stunned. She didn't understand how the other party did it.

"Your use value is gone."

Fenmu Shen received the seal with satisfaction. He felt that his combat power was much stronger than before.

He stared at the old woman, determined to give the old woman a good time.

Buzz!

In the next second, the words of the law erupted, giving off a dazzling light.

The old woman holding the lantern was instantly killed by the Law Order.

Became dust in the universe...

"Down below, no one will stop me from entering this tomb." Fenmu Shen smiled proudly.

Then he took one step and stepped into the rift in space that he had longed for.

...

The agony of being disintegrated by the spell's laws is tantamount to capital punishment by delayed death.

However, everything happened too suddenly.

Fenmu Shen was so powerful that the old woman could no longer scream.

But in fact, this scream actually spread to other dimensions.

In "The Place Abandoned by Gods", the bronze cat squatting on the Pillar of Gods Abandonment is licking its paws leisurely.

Suddenly, the place abandoned by God suddenly started to shake.

The bronze cat's eyes shrank in alertness. It quickly jumped down from the pillar and began to search for the source of the vibration.

The next second, it suddenly raised its head.

Because this is not an earthquake. It is a feeling of vibration in the universe. It causes the entire God-Forsaken Land to shake...

"Such a strange phenomenon. Could it be..." The bronze cat frowned.

Then it saw in the dark sky of the land abandoned by the gods. Suddenly another bright light flashed across like a meteor...

An old woman whose whole body was ignited by divine fire. She was being roasted in the fire while letting out a scream of pain while approaching the direction of the place abandoned by the gods.

Sure enough, it's exactly what the bronze cat thought.

This is a kind of resonance wave produced after someone's soul is ignited and falls into the place abandoned by God.

It is actually a reminder of it. There are customers whose souls are burning. I hope it can go to remedy the situation.

However, the old woman's soul burned too quickly.

That soul has not completely fallen into the land abandoned by God.

It was completely burned in mid-air...

Even if the bronze cat wanted to save him, there was nothing he could do.

"How could this be..."

The despair of the old woman. It empathizes with it.

As the person in charge of the God-Forsaken Land, it could only watch helplessly as its "customers" were burned to the ground.

Such shrill screams and horrific death methods that went beyond the laws of the land abandoned by Dao Ancestor Wang.

Almost immediately, Bronze Cat thought of someone.

"Did that person do it..." The bronze cat was still frightened.

Unexpectedly, one day in an eternity, the evil god from back then would actually break out of the ground!

That old woman holding the lantern is the guardian of the tomb!

He was actually killed by the opponent so easily...

The Bronze Cat thought this was unusual.

The evil god reappeared. This is a big deal!

You must find someone to discuss it as soon as possible.

Otherwise, the universe will be in chaos...

However, its movement is limited. It can only move within the area of the God-Forsaken Land.

How to send this warning to people who are still alive is a question...

So at this time, the Bronze Cat thought of another person.

Yes...

Among all the regular customers in the Land Abandoned by God, there is one guy who comes and leaves as soon as he says it.

Don't give it any face at all.

This guy is none other than that stupid prairie dog...

It is said that after changing his body, because he lost an important part, this guy is now autistic.

It is still in a "petrified" state.

This is actually in line with the bronze cat's wishes.

Because in this way, it can actually penetrate directly into the soul to communicate with the groundhog.

Even if you can't leave this god-forsaken place, you can still convey the message in place.

But the premise is that after you convey it, you must ensure that the groundhog wakes up...

At this time, the bronze cat sighed helplessly.

Isn't it just that that thing is missing?

It doesn't know what there is to be autistic about.

For cats, they can live longer without reproductive function.

I remember he didn't say anything when he was castrated by Dao Ancestor Wang...

On the contrary, for the bronze cat, it was two less burdens.

Its whole body is made of bronze. Sometimes when it runs, the bottom of its body will keep colliding with it like a bell, making a sound.

This is so embarrassing.

So. It's better not to have it at all.

...

On the other side. In the astrolabe. Zheng and the monk are playing chess in the living room.

Zheng stared at the chessboard and said: "After this game, you can leave."

The monk smiled and said, "This game may last a long time."

Peng Xiren is pouring tea. He looked like a pissed off little daughter-in-law. Can't even take a breath.

Zheng's mansion has a modern human atmosphere. And every room is so huge... that you need to shrink the floor to enter the next room.

There are many secrets about Zheng in the mansion. Before the monk finished visiting, he was dragged into the living room by Zheng to play chess.

It is said to be a living room. In fact, this place is an endless sea.

I heard that Zheng spent a huge amount of money to build it.

It can be used as a living room. It can also be used as a swimming pool for swimming...

There is a chessboard placed by the beach.

The monk and Zheng. were playing chess on this beach.

Zheng glanced at the monk: "If you want to eat fruit, please get it from the tree here."

He rarely has guests here, so he designed the living room like this.

As for the issue of preparing snacks when guests come, Zheng has also thought about it.

He planted a fruit grove beside the beach.

The fruits above are always in the freshest and ripest state. They are ready to be enjoyed at any time.

The monk held a white piece in his hand. His eyes scanned the chessboard back and forth. He said without squinting, "Aren't you tired of pretending like this?"

Zheng frowned slightly: "Monk. What do you mean."

Monk Jin Deng raised his eyes. He smiled slightly and said, "You should have cultivated into a human form long ago, right? In order to maintain your majesty, you still maintain your original appearance."

ZhengHehe: "It's just a skin. No matter how beautiful the skin is, it is useless to me."

After all, he is a person of eternity level. Appearance is what the world cares about. It doesn't matter to Zheng at all.

Because he is a desireless person and has never thought about things like marrying a wife and having children.

As a special dharma spirit, although Zheng has its own independent consciousness, it can also enjoy the rights that a normal creature should have as a living being.

But the longer we live, the lighter many things become.

Zheng frowned: "Monk. Are you delaying time on purpose?"

He didn't expect the monk to ask this question. He was a little unhappy for a moment. He just wanted to send the monk away quickly so that he could be more clean.

"You always have to let the poor monk think carefully. Every move is crucial..."

"..." Zheng's mouth twitched.

This was really the first time I saw him. He was still struggling to play backgammon!

In fact, the monk was really stalling for time.

Including the process of playing chess. From time to time, I have to add a little anecdote about family affairs. Everything is based on some subsequent considerations.

And when the white seed in the monk's hand finally fell.

The sea water here suddenly began to boil.

"A great power has fallen." At this time, Zheng said while looking at the sea beside him.

The sea water he arranged can capture the echoes of powerful people in the universe. Whenever a powerful person dies, a specific wave generated after the death of a powerful person will be captured by this sea water.

"This sea without beginning is magical." The monk sighed: "This is probably not the first time you have seen it."

"Someone dies every day, every moment...even every second."

Zheng said: "There is nothing magical about the death of a great power. Even in the ancestral realm, it will just become dust in the universe after death."

At this time, Peng Xiren looked at the boiling sea of the Sea of Beginning. He seemed to suddenly think of something. His face immediately became ugly.

"You'd better be honest. There is no future in hanging out with that kind of evil god."

Zheng warned coldly, "If Dao Ancestor finds out about this. He would not spare you."

"No...Brother Zheng. I thought of some bad things..."

Peng Xiren's face turned pale. He tried to use the power of starlight to call his physical body.

As a result, I was shocked to find that my body had been moved!

Not in the Devouring Star at all!

"No! The celestial tomb has been discovered!" Peng Xiren was shocked.

"What did you say?" Zheng's expression instantly became solemn.

At this time, he looked at the monk, as if he already knew something. He gritted his teeth and said, "Monk, are you and the evil god a group? Did you know something a long time ago and are you here to delay time on purpose?"

"You're only half right."

At this time, Monk Jin Deng smiled and said: "Delaying time. This is indeed the case. But how could the poor monk and the evil god be in the same group?"

"You already knew he wanted to steal the tomb!"

Zheng became excited: "You have never thought about the consequences! If the evil god gets the other half of his soul, how powerful he will become!"

"It's better to be stronger." The monk smiled.

"What do you mean?" Zheng was confused.

"I came here to play chess with you. I really wanted to hold you back so that you would not be so anxious to seek death. As for the other side, Ling Zhenren is here," the monk said.

Zheng looked suspicious: "That's the evil god..."

The monk was also suspicious: "So what?"

Zheng: "?"

Monk: "Ling Zhenren said. This person is stronger. It will feel better to hit him."

Zheng: "???"

...

On the other side. Wang Ling is really worried about two things.

The first thing Jisaki informed was that the Rainbow Seven Gang would hold an upper-class student exchange meeting at noon to celebrate "Jiudaohe elected a five-member delegation."

Thinking that I have to meet people I don't know again. Wang Ling makes my brain hurt.

Then he heard that he would bring one of his magic weapons to the meeting at noon for display... This suddenly made Wang Ling's brain even more painful.

He has no shortage of magic weapons. The main reason is that he is afraid that if he takes them out, he will blind the eyes of these people.

Wang Ling was going to take his own enlightened pants and jacket over there.

But the proposal was immediately rejected by Wang Ming.

"These pants are a godsend. Those people don't know what they're looking at. It's useless to give it to them." Wang Ming didn't want Wang Ling to take any of the magic treasures.

Because it's cheaper to take it over to these people...

This thermal underwear saved his life. Wang Ming still has memories of that incident.

Is this group of people worthy of his brother's enlightened long johns?

Are they worthy?

So. Wang Ling had no choice but to think of another way.

He thinks it's not a good idea. He thought it would be better to let Jingke sacrifice his image... Among all his treasures. Jingke seems to be the only one who looks more ordinary and normal.

In King's Pants, almost all of the magic weapons given to him by Heavenly Dao are luminous. You can tell at a glance that they are not ordinary objects.

If those things were taken out, they would be too dazzling and stand out.

But there is actually still a while until noon.

Wang Ling feels that maybe he will have a better idea later.

At this time, Wang Ming went to study the small box outside the black stone. He happened to be the only one left in Jiudaohe's dormitory.

Wang Ling feels that this is a good opportunity to study the "Supreme Corpse Map".

This is an eternal chaos weapon. It has infinite power when opened.

Wang Ling made complete preparations before opening it. He used King's Eyes to extract the space he was in separately, forming a kind of mirror space.

This is an ability similar to parallel space. The Corpse Map will be expanded here. Even if an accident occurs, it will not affect reality.

Of course. He hung Jingke on the dormitory door.

It is true that the peach wood sword has the ability to ward off evil spirits. This is actually done to prevent the powerful resentment emanating from the Corpse Map from leaking out.

These eternal powerful men were suppressed inside long time ago.

Previously when Zheng opened it in front of Wang Ling.

The sight of white bones wailing and struggling inside impressed Wang Ling deeply.

These eternal strong men were forcibly suppressed in the picture. Since they could not escape, they could only gradually grow old and die in the picture, becoming a white skeleton inside.

How sad this is.

Although they cannot be defined as ghosts, one can imagine that the resentment among them is extremely heavy.

Wang Ling has not fully opened the Corpse Map. This map is a thousand miles long at least.

He only opened a small part, about two meters, and the chilling air of Xue Hai was already coming to his nostrils.

"What an amazing picture." Wang Ying was also alarmed by the aura surrounding the Corpse Map. He took the initiative to manifest a figure next to Wang Ling.

He folded his arms and stared at the bones in the picture.

It only expanded two meters. There were no less than hundreds of bones inside.

This Corpse Map has been passed down to this day. How many eternal warriors have been suppressed by this?

Wang Ling and Wang Ying sighed in unison.

The Eternal Powerful One. This sounds like a very rare existence.

But the universe is so big. Compared to the vastness of the universe, these ancient powerful men are just a drop in the ocean.

These suppressed eternal masters have been waiting for the Corpse Map to one day change hands to someone who is not so strong.

They have been waiting for an opportunity in the Corpse Map.

The existence of Zheng is a kind of psychological shadow for them.

That extremely ugly Dharma Appearance Spirit. It looks terrifying and its strength is terrifying.

They don't want to be beaten to ashes when they go out.

And now. When Wang Ling opens the Corpse Map by two meters.

The sight before them made some people feel that the opportunity had come.

"Corpse Map has changed hands! The opportunity has come!"

A white and sinister hand seized the opportunity and stretched it out impatiently.

"Haha. There are actually people who are willing to stretch out their hands to seek death." Wang Ying found it interesting. He also stretched out his hand and gave the bones a warm shake.

Boom!

This bone hand was directly crushed into powder by Wang Ying.

"Sorry. It was too forceful." Wang Ying apologized without sincerity.

Sure enough. Under this grip.

The remaining bones in the picture have become much more honest. No one dares to stick their hands out anymore.

On the edge. Wang Ling rolled his eyes at Wang Ying...

Previously, Jingbai chopped the Corpse Map into pieces with a sword. In order to prevent these eternal masters in the map from leaving a psychological shadow.

When repairing the Corpse Map, he used his pupil power to eliminate the scene of Jingbai slashing the map.

In other words, all the eternal masters in the Corpse Map are now surrounded. They don’t know what happened before.

Now I opened the picture and saw Wang Ling and Wang Ying. Two teenagers who are identical to each other.

They thought their chance to escape finally came.

As a result, Wang Ying's grip instantly exposed his ferocious nature... so frightened that the group of people in the picture were trembling.

After about a few minutes, an old voice came out from the picture.

Although his voice was trembling, it sounded like a bold one: "Who are you? Mr. Zheng...where are you?"

"He imprisoned you ruthlessly in the picture. You still call him Mr. Zheng?" Wang Ying was happy.

This is obviously the old "Stockholm Syndrome".

To put it simply, this phenomenon is a kind of psychological dependence of the victim on the criminal...

"The world in this picture was born from chaos. It sounds like you can get whatever you want. It's just that it's all false. The old people are the first ones to come in. They have already accepted the status quo."

The old voice said: "But there are also some people who don't want to be in this false world."

"I see. Then who are you?" Wang Ying nodded and asked.

"My name is Zhang Qi, and my nickname is Zhang Zhui." The old voice replied

Wang Ling saw the old man's life and past through King's Eyes.

Zhang Qi. Also called Zhang Zhui... is actually an eternal thief.

He's an oddball amongst the greats of the ages.

No wonder he can adapt to the dilemma of being trapped in the Corpse Map so quickly... I dare to love because I like to steal other people's things. I have been imprisoned in it many times.

Wang LingI wonder if people who like to steal things are put in a prison or some other place. They will feel like they are at home.

So this is considered an "ancestral skill"?

Wang Ying: "Then why were you suppressed?"

This is actually a very embarrassing question.

For those who are suppressed in the Corpse Map, almost everyone has a past that they cannot look back on...

"Of course I stole Dao Ancestor Wang's things...but I returned them after using them at that time." After a moment of silence, Zhang Xi continued.

"Then you were suppressed?"

"Yeah...that old guy is so unreasonable!"

"What did you steal?"

"A lonely woman. It is said that she is also the King of the Divine Realm."

"?"





Chapter 1552 The reason why there are so few Eternal-level experts


Wang Ling and Wang Ying felt like they knew something terrible...

I can only say that Zhang Zhui is also a talent in a certain sense.

Moreover. Very lucky.

After hearing this, the two of them were stunned for a long time.

Mainly because I didn’t expect to find anyone greener than Er Ha these days.

The feelings between Dao Ancestor Wang and Old God. That is beyond doubt.

Everything I saw in the secret room of the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube hidden on the Heavenly Dao star. Everything left behind records the strong feelings between the two...

So now that they heard Zhang Zhui talking about this matter, Wang Ling and Wang Ying felt Dao Ancestor Wang Lu's panic even more.

But everything has two sides.

Zhang Zhui still has something to say about what happened that year.

"They are not married. Although it is not kind of me to do this, it is not my problem alone."

"..."

"This person and the objects are still different. I have stolen so many things. Those things are dead, but the people are alive. If you don't agree, you can push me away!"

Zhang Zhui smiled: "As long as we are not married, it is still fair competition. And it is a matter of mutual consent. Once I steal it, I will give it back."

"That's sophistry." Wang Ying despises it.

"Whatever you think." Zhang Zhui hehe: "I still remember her long yellow dress and fluffy hair... What a pity. It's a cup of green tea. I also want to take this opportunity to remind Dao Ancestor. Who knows that old man Things are so ruthless"

Wang Ling: "..."

Emotional matters are actually very complicated.

Wang Ling has never understood these things.

I'm too lazy to understand these things in detail.

Sometimes, when emotional matters become complicated, Wang Ling feels more troublesome than functions.

It's like a circuit diagram composed of complicated wires. It's hard to figure out where to start.

Therefore, without knowing the full picture, Wang Ling is too lazy to comment on these matters.

He just wants to know about those eternal powerful men in this picture scroll. Does anyone know the "eternal things" he wants to know?

The pile of bones in the picture below was scanned using King's Eyes.

Including Zhang Zhui, the average combat power of everyone in the picture has reached the "ancestral realm" as expected by Wang Ling.

That is the combat power of a Peng Xiren.

And if you translate that into "nucleon counts."

The average person in this Corpse Map has 60 cores.

"Nucleon." "Core" for short.

This is the unit of measurement of combat power after the ancestral realm.

With the power of 1 core, it can easily destroy the planet and kill anyone in the ancestral realm.

Dao God. They are all just ants.

The real eternal strong man is indeed so terrifying.

These people are the same as Dao Ancestor Wang. They are all geniuses and arrogant people who existed when cultivation was first established.

If we put it now, he would be a famous and famous giant from all ages.

How can there be a place for those Dao God patriarchs in the divine realm...

Looking at the Supreme Corpse Map in front of me, Wang Ling's mood is actually very complicated.

Because in this universe, it turns out that there are still many eternal masters.

But it's a pity that they were all suppressed!

And the reasons for the suppression are all bizarre.

The Zhang Zhui in front of me is quite lively.

The other corpses seemed to be afraid of him, so Zhang Zhui dared not come out and talk to him.

Wang Ling feels that this is an entry point.

"You were suppressed for stealing. What about the others?" Wang Ying asked.

Zhang Zhui obviously knows a lot.

He couldn't help laughing when he heard this: "I know a lot of gossip. But can you guys get it right? We are all bones now."

"My master's pupil power can automatically complete the picture through vision. Trace back to your original appearance."

"That's it." Zhang Zhui touched his chin and said.

He had noticed Wang Ling's eyes before.

I had some guesses in my mind, but I didn't state them directly.

Seems uncertain.

And some. Unspeakable.

He complied with Wang Ying's question. Pointing to the other skeletons, he said, "His name is Du Junzhi. He was originally a bachelor's degree student. Because of his criticism of Dao Ancestor Wang's love affair with Old God. Because of the racial segregation system, he might not be able to give birth to a child. He was suppressed by Dao Ancestor Wang."

"Later, a large number of facts showed that Du Junzhi was actually right."

"When I was stealing, I didn't even use an umbrella. I didn't need an umbrella."

"..."

"This man's name is Zhongsun Yanshun. He was also one of my financial backers."

"Financial backer?"

"When I don't have a lot of money, I will just pick a few people who are rich and easy to attack. Who are they if they are not financial backers?" Zhang Zhui said with a smile.

"What did he do again? Doesn't it have something to do with Old God?" Wang Ying.

"I heard that when I was playing chess with Dao Ancestor Wang, I secretly made a mistake while Dao Ancestor was not paying attention. I was discovered by Dao Ancestor Wang. The two had a dispute. As a result, Dao Ancestor Wang used the Corpse Map to suppress it."

"..."

According to Zhang Zhui, the relationship between Zhongsun Yanshun and Dao Ancestor Wang was actually pretty good back then.

The two of them even called themselves brothers on many occasions.

But sometimes the better the relationship, the more violent the quarrels will be.

It's really getting to the point where there's a fight at the top. It's normal for your hands to be unsure.

And after listening to Zhang Zhui say this.

Whether it is Wang Ling or Wang Ying. They all have some doubts in their hearts.

That's the personality of Dao Ancestor Wang.

After you calm down, you should consider releasing the person again...

However, Dao Ancestor Wang did not do that.

What is the reason for this?

Could it be said that this Corpse Map can only be entered, not exited.

Even Dao Ancestor Wang himself doesn’t know how to break the picture?

The two of them were feeling suspicious.

Zhang Zhui pointed to another person and said, "Mou Yongqi. This person was Dao Ancestor Wang's number one fan back then."

"Even the fans are suppressed?" Wang Ying was startled.

"I don't think we can entirely blame Dao Ancestor Wang for this matter."

Zhang Zhui spread his hands and said with a smile: "According to modern terms, the phenomenon of cultivating people in the fan circle was actually very serious back then. There was a Hongmeng List in the eternal period. All people in the world of cultivation can mark it for their favorite seniors. List. It is said that Mou Yongqi recruited soldiers and hired navy troops for Dao Ancestor Wang to reach the top of the list. He was several orders of magnitude ahead of the second place..."

"Then there was a fight?"

"Of course." Zhang Zhui said: "Some people began to scold Dao Ancestor Wang for relying on his elders to sell themselves on his status as a veteran in the world of cultivation. The scolding was extremely unpleasant. In order to maintain the image of Dao Ancestor, Mou Yongqi fought with the Confucian scholars and scolded everyone, which only caused more trouble. Dao Ancestor Wang was notorious at that time."

"The image was ruined, the endorsements were withdrawn, and the reputation was also affected. Dao Ancestor Wang naturally wanted to settle the score with him."

"..."

Hearing the words. Wang Ling and Wang Ying were both silent.

What a cruel fact...

At this moment. Wang Ling is feeling emotional in his heart.

The reason why there are so few foreigners is because they often challenge extreme sports to death.

The reason why there are so few powerful people at the Eternal level. The reason why I dare to love is because I offended Dao Ancestor Wang...

"Is there anyone who was suppressed who didn't offend Dao Ancestor Wang?"

"Of course there are."

Zhang Zhui said: "Here! This man's name is Sheng Jinyang... He has nothing to do with Dao Ancestor Wang. It's just that he made a bet with Dao Ancestor Wang that he had a way to enter the Corpse Map and come out."

"..."

"Then. There is no more."

"..."





Chapter 1553 The Cold War between Wang Ming and Zhai Yin


After listening to Zhang Zhui's introduction to the others, Wang Ling and Wang Ying were able to analyze some of Dao Ancestor Wang's temper and character.

In terms of feeling, they were all surprised to find that Dao Ancestor Wang was actually a very narrow-minded person...

The majestic founder of the world of cultivation, is he so intolerant of a grain of sand in his eyes?

Wang Ling has some doubts about this.

He heard all kinds of weird reasons for being "suppressed". He felt that maybe he couldn't just listen to these people's words.

These people were once all-powerful and powerful men of eternity.

I have been suppressed in this Corpse Map for so long. Mental health cannot be guaranteed.

It is inevitable that mental distortion will occur and distort the facts...

Based on Wang Ling's experience.

As long as people from both parties are involved in anything, you must not just listen to one side.

If you easily believe one party and are eager to take sides, then in the end, once things turn around, you will be the only one who is embarrassed.

This kind of thing has never happened in ancient times. Even in the current Internet age, Wang Ling has seen too many things.

There are indeed many people who exaggerate about something in order to attract others' attention...

A while ago, Wang Ling also saw a matriarch who splashed red ink on her daughter’s school uniform because she had a disagreement with a teacher. She said the teacher abused her daughter at school.

Why is the most basic trust between people now gone?

Wang Ling feels that the reason should be found in these people.

All those who consume kindness should reflect on themselves.

Here. Wang Ling is thinking thoughtfully.

Zhang Zhui in the picture scroll suddenly laughed: "Dao Ancestor Wang's behavior is unpredictable. Those of us who were suppressed here sometimes doubt whether what we see is really Dao Ancestor Wang." "

"I know. You must think that Dao Ancestor Wang is the founder of Taoism. You should be more cautious than that. But sometimes. Facts speak louder than words. If you don't believe me. I have no other way."

At this point, Zhang Zhui seemed to have remembered something. He then said: "By the way. You can ask Old God for confirmation on this matter."

Wang Ling, Wang Ying: "..."

Zhang Zhui looked at Wang Ying, and his expression looked a little strange. He seemed to understand something instantly.

In an instant, even his voice became much lower: "Did she... fall?"

"Yes..." Wang Ying nodded.

Both Wang Ling and Wang Ying felt a little embarrassed when talking about this matter.

After all, the fall of the Old God is related to them.

I was hacked to death by Sun Rong not long ago...

The grass on this grave may be several feet high.

I don’t know why. When Wang Ling restored Zhang Zhui’s original appearance through King’s Eyes, I saw a deep sense of melancholy appear on his face after he mentioned Old God.

Wang Ying also saw this scene clearly.

Although he does not have the ability of King's Eyes, as long as Wang Ling turns on vision sharing, he can see the scene in front of him clearly as the shadow of Wang Ling.

Although I'm not sure.

But Wang Ying had an intuition. He felt that the relationship between Zhang Zhui and Old God might be more complicated than imagined.

Although only listening to Zhang Zhui's side of the story makes people think that the relationship between them may just be a one-time date.

But the expression on his face cannot be deceiving.

Skeletons cannot see expressions. And Zhang Zhui, like most people here, forgot how to manage his expressions after becoming a skeleton.

So now. This scene was captured by Wang Ling.

In short.

This Zhang Zhui is a person with a story.

There were so many powerful Eternal level warriors suppressed in the Corpse Map.

With Wang Ling's own temper, he is too lazy to continue looking for other candidates.

He and Wang Ying had the same idea.

I have decided to dig out some information from Zhang Zhui in front of me.

"We want to know something. You just need to answer the information you know. My master can rescue you. What do you think of this deal?" Wang Ying asked.

He thought Zhang Zhui would happily agree.

Unexpectedly, the other party just shook his head: "An eternal thief like me can't see the light. I can't get out. It doesn't mean much to me."

"Then what do you want?" Wang Ying asked.

"My request is actually very simple. If you want to get information from me, then search for it for me. The descendants of my lineage will do well."

Zhang Zhui said: "I have been suppressed here for too long. But I still clearly remember that I have three sons. If they can successfully continue my lineage... there should still be descendants of mine in this world. people."

"Are you so sure they're still alive?"

"Honestly, I'm not sure." Zhang Zhui smiled and said, "It's been too long after all."

Find your own future.

This is Zhang Zhui's only wish now.

"Haha. I just wanted to satisfy my curiosity."

Zhang Zhui said: "If my lineage can continue smoothly, the descendants who are still alive in the world, I assert that their cultivation level may not be too high."

"You are an eternally powerful person." Wang Ying said.

"So what if the Eternal-level powerhouse is suppressed in the Corpse Map. I have ruined the opportunity to pass on the orthodoxy to future generations. Even if they can continue my bloodline, without the inheritance of the original orthodoxy, one generation after another. Only It will only become weaker and weaker."

Zhang Zhui said: "Since your master has the ability to take me out of this Corpse Map, then it must not be difficult to find my descendants."

"It's natural."

Wang Ying nodded.

At this point, the negotiations between the two parties have ended successfully.

Wang Ling received a new task: to find the descendants of Zhang Zhui as a condition for exchanging information.

This matter is indeed not difficult for Wang Ling.

As long as he uses his pupil power to trace his bloodline later.

Zhang Zhui knows. His answer is actually a bit rude.

Because he himself doesn't know if people of his own lineage can pass on...

In case of death, he actually has nothing to say.

With a little curiosity, Zhang Zhui looked at Wang Ying and Wang Ling and said, "If I have no descendants, then this transaction will be considered a failure."

Eternal things, many secrets. Although Zhang Zhui knows a lot, he actually doesn’t want to say it.

The so-called Heavenly Dao's law, equivalent exchange.

Wang Ling also understands this truth.

Zhang Zhui felt that there was little hope for this matter. It was just a request he made casually.

As a result, at this moment, Wang Ying looked at him swornly: "Don't worry, my master will definitely find it. Even if he doesn't, he can still help you get it. Even if he digs out his grave and reincarnates, he will find one for you."

"???"

Many question marks suddenly appeared in Zhang Zhui's mind.

He had actually noticed something strange about the young man in front of him a long time ago...

He opened the Corpse Map with his bare hands. With his own strength, he suppressed these Eternal-level experts and lost their temper.

And the most important thing is that the other party can actually violate the Heavenly Dao rules arranged by Dao Ancestor Wang...

What kind of person is this young man?

At this moment. Zhang Zhui was looking at Wang Ling's red eyes. He was thinking about it in his heart.

...

The time came to Friday, December 18th. It was approaching noon.

The "upper-class student exchange meeting" Jisaki mentioned earlier is about to begin.

There is a small built-in forest in the trench of Jiudaohe High School. This time, the S District exchange meeting was held in this forest hut.

"It's just ahead."

Following Jisaki along the long cobblestone road, the group from Number 60 High School finally saw the slightly fantasy cabin in the forest. The entire house was built directly on the big tree.

This tree is a thousand-year-old tree. Its base is so large that more than fifty people cannot wrap around it.

The branches above are densely intertwined, and the midday sun penetrates through the gaps in the leaves, leaving broken light that moves with the wind on the ground.

According to Jisaki, this cabin in the forest was originally used as a place for special training.

Use requires approval from the Academic Affairs Office.

The Rainbow Seven Gang chose this location this time. It can be regarded as giving full play to the capitalist advantages of the students in District S...

This was originally a very quiet place.

Wang Ling is not very repulsive to the surrounding environment. On the contrary, he likes it a little bit.

But when there are more people, his mood is not so beautiful.

"Can we really do this?" Zhai Yin held her forehead. She was wearing a dress from Sun Rong. Her face was red with embarrassment.

Because of her career, she has not worn skirts or other clothing in front of outsiders for a long time...

Most of my usual outfits when going out are neutral. Occasionally, I wear a skirt when meeting acquaintances.

But now. Because Sun Rong is pretending to be Jiugong Liangzi...

She had to pretend to be Sun Rong. to fill the vacant position of Sun Rong.

Number 60 High School cohort. Everyone’s attention will still be on the three students who are exchange students this time.

As for Zhai Yin, who appears as an assistant teacher, he will not attract too many people's attention.

"I think this is good. You always wear it like that. It's good to change your clothes occasionally." Wang Ming grinned and encouraged from the side.

"But..." Zhai Yin was still hesitating.

On the one hand, she is shy. On the other hand, she feels that the current circuit diagram is starting to become a little confusing.

"There is nothing to be afraid of. When others come to talk to you, just say no politely with a smile." Wang Ming said, sounding very skilled.

Wang Ling and Sun Rong heard this. They began to feel that something was wrong in the atmosphere.

"If another boy comes to see me, are you sure you won't be angry?" Zhai Yin asked again before entering the room.

It was only later that Wang Ling and Wang Ming realized that this was actually a proposition...

But this is where Wang Ming's temperament lies. Because he is used to straight men, he doesn't think too much about it.

Faced with Zhai Yin's question, he didn't even think of using {mental deduction} to confirm the answer.

Because he felt that it was just a trivial matter. The two of them should not have a dispute over such a thing.

So Wang Ming replied without thinking: "Why should I be angry? It's just acting."

"It's acting. But you know clearly...I'm not actually Rongrong!" Zhai Yin said.

Wang Ming: "?"

It's not easy to understand a girl's mind.

Wang Ming didn't believe this sentence before falling in love.

Now. He believes it...

When he began to realize how strange Zhai Yin's problem was.

Then use the {brain deduction technique}. The result is already too late.

Because there are only two roads before us.

And no matter which way he goes, it will be his fault in the end...

If you are angry, then you are playing into Zhai Yin's heart.

This guy just wants to see him jealous.

However. In the end, it will be labeled as "small-minded".

If you don't get angry...

The consequences seem to be more serious.

He will be labeled as someone who "doesn't care about his girlfriend" again.

Love is a science.

Sometimes seemingly simple problems are actually much more complicated than scientific principles.

So now Wang Ming only feels full of regret.

I regret that I didn’t spend time alone with Zhai Yin in the Jiudaohe dormitory two days ago. I directly helped Zhai Yin get settled...

The little girl watches too many TV series. She likes to have random thoughts when she has nothing to do.

The scene fell into an inexplicable silence.

Although Wang Ming has the answer in his mind.

But these two answers will be "labeled" in the end. And neither of them is what Wang Ming wants to see.

So Wang Ming, who really didn't know how to deal with this matter, fell into silence.

This directly caused the scene to fall into a more powerful low pressure.

"Rong Jiang. Were they like this before?"

Jisaki asked in a low voice to Sun Rong who was disguised as Jiugong Liangzi.

"I don't know either..." Sun Rong didn't know how to answer Jisaki's words.

The main girl also encountered a cold war between lovers for the first time. In addition, she didn't have much experience in love herself... she didn't know how to deal with this matter.

Seeing that the cabin is approaching, Sun Rong is trying to change the subject. Change the atmosphere.

Then Jisaki suddenly said, "Hey. The married couple quarrel is over. I think the two of you just need to get over it. We have a big enemy in front of us. We can't fight each other, right?"

"Who's married to him/her?"

As soon as Jisaki finished speaking, Wang Ming and Zhai Yin crossed their arms in unison and turned their faces to the left and right.

Jisaki: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Sun Rong: "..."

In Wang Ming's view, Zhai Yin was deliberately looking for a fight.

It's just acting, isn't it? Why do you have to think about so many unnecessary things?

He felt.

Ultimately this is still a question of trust.

Zhai Yin doesn’t believe in herself.

This is what annoys him the most.

On the other hand, Zhai Yin was also troubled by Wang Ming's silent behavior.

She actually knew that she was looking for trouble...but couldn't this guy give her a step down!

What does this silence mean?

Isn't that just... I don't care about her...

At this time.

The two of them are worrying about their own things.

Wang Ling and Sun Rong did not expect that the situation would develop to this point...

They thought that the situation couldn't be worse than now.

However, Wang Ming's next words directly detonated Zhai Yin.

Before entering the wooden house, Wang Ming became more and more angry as he thought about it, so he said casually: "If you think so, there is nothing I can do about it."

As soon as he finished speaking, Zhai Yin's expression turned ugly.

Sun RongAs soon as he heard this, he knew something was wrong!

"If you think that way, I can't help it!" This sentence is one of the top ten famous sentences that girls hate most when boys say it!

According to the latest ranking data statistics!

This sentence ranked third in overall votes!





Chapter 1554 Your circle is so chaotic


Zhai Yin was actually not that angry at first.

But the man in front of her didn't understand the charm. He actually said such words before entering the wooden house. In an instant, the depression in her heart reached a peak.

When Wang Ming blurted out the words "If you think so, I can't help it."

Wang Ling, Jisaki, Sun Rong all felt the same way. The surrounding air temperature dropped several points.

Jisaki looked like he was watching a show. At the same time, he also wrote to Wang Ling a popular science book: "Houlang Sang. We absolutely cannot say this. The top ten famous sayings that girls hate most from boys. This sentence ranks third! "

Wang Ling I was just wondering which two sentences ranked first and second.

Just listen to Jisaki and continue to say: "The first is: I'm wrong, okay. The second is: haven't I told you before."

"..."

To be honest. Wang Ling doesn’t really know where the specific rankings were calculated.

But just listening to these words does make people feel uncomfortable.

Sure enough... having a partner is the most troublesome thing.

In high school, it is indeed more important to study hard.

Wang Ling has never wanted to have a fancy relationship. He is content with his current situation.

Although it was slightly different from his ideal peaceful life, at least it was not as big a problem as he imagined.

Men and women in love seem to Wang Ling to be asking for trouble. Why bother?

Just being alone like that. It's actually pretty good.

At least at this stage. Wang Ling can be said to have no ideas in this regard.

In the same way, he felt that with his personality, maybe it wouldn't happen in a few years...or even ten years.

Why do you need a girlfriend?

Wang Ling is puzzled.

In his opinion, this is a form of bondage.

Therefore, it is impossible to find it.

Even if heWang Ling is alone all his life and starves to death, he jumps from here...

"Speaking of which, what magic weapon did Houlang Sang bring this time?"

As thoughts were swirling in his mind, Jisaki's words broke the dead silence again.

He's a smart guy. He's going to lighten the mood a little bit.

The main reason is that the current situation is too tense.

Wang Ming and Zhai Yin were quarreling. Even a blind man knew they had something going on here.

Sun Rong was the first to reveal the magic weapon he brought. It was a completely blue gemstone. It lay so quietly in the palm of Sun Rong's hand. It exuded an aura of the sea.

Jisaki's eyes were astonished. He looked over and found that there was a sound of rolling waves in this round gem.

"Could this be...Dragon Ball?"

Jisaki began to use his unique imagination as a Sun Islander.

"This is the magic ball of the sea. It is a magic weapon made from precious crystals from the deep sea and smelted from precious herbs. Wearing it on the body can delay aging and maintain vitality. It can also assist sleep and rest at night."

Sun Rong said: "If you can't memorize it, just put it in your mouth and recite what you see silently. It will have the same effect as memorizing bread."

"Awesome!" Jisaki praised.

Because he knows that Sun Rong is playing Jiugong Liangzi. In order to ensure that he does not leak anything, Jisaki will avoid using prefixes such as "Rong Jiang" or "Liangzi Jiang".

Nowadays, there are many people with mixed eyes. If he accidentally says something wrong, it will all be revealed.

"Sea Kingdom Magic Sphere" was originally the treasure in the hands of Sun Rong.

However, now for a girl who has seen the world, the value of this magic weapon is not that high.

The current role of this sea country magic ball may not be as good as the White Rabbit candy given to her by Wang Ling.

But showing it off in this kind of situation is definitely enough to shock and frighten these high school students.

For students who are still studying.

This "Haiguo Dharma Ball" is an artifact of learning.

An immortal magic weapon. If you put it in a pile of students, it will be robbed...

However, in the eyes of Wang Ling, these things are just toys.

Some may not even be called toys.

Even if it's a sacred weapon, so what if it's an anti-realm weapon...

Those are all things that Wang Ling can fabricate at will.

"So. What treasure did Houlang Sang bring this time?" At this time, Sun Rong asked.

The moment he spoke, Wang Ling was still in a daze.

The main thing is that there is really not much difference between the current Sun Rong and Jiugong Liangzi. From appearance to sound, they are the same...

Even the breasts have been further optimized and become very flatter.

Just on this point, the similarity with Jiugong Liangzi has reached 99.99%!

He casually put his hands into his pockets.

Wang Ling is fumbling with what he brought.

Originally, he planned to bring Jingke over.

But later. Wang Ling found something more low-key than Jingke.

This is a Peach wood branch brought from a peach forest in the Sword King Realm.

It is the origin of Jingke...

It is also a consumable material that can be used to repair Jingke once it is worn.

Jisaki thought Wang Ling was joking.

But when he looked carefully.

Just for a moment. He actually fell into a brief trance...

"What the hell is this..."

Jisaki felt that all his energy was attracted by this small Peach wood branch.

Although I can't tell exactly why.

But Jisaki can feel a special spirituality emanating from this Peach wood branch...

The spiritual energy gently flowing out from the Peach wood branch is like the hand of an immortal woman. It gently touches Jisaki's heart. It seems to be able to completely calm down people's thoughts. It has a strange power that lasts forever.

That is the moment Wang Ling took out the Peach wood branch.

The atmosphere around him suddenly seemed to relax a lot.

Jingke told Wang Ling previously that the spiritual energy and breath emitted by this Peach wood branch will make people feel peaceful and calm their emotions.

And it also has the effect of "I examine myself three times a day".

Now Wang Ling has experienced it personally. I finally know what this means...

Because of the appearance of Peach wood branch.

At this time, Wang Ming and Zhai Yin began to reflect on themselves.

They are regretting their impulsive remarks just now.

Peach wood branch's ability to "think about myself three times a day" is too strong. It exceeded Wang Ling's expectations.

In less than a few seconds, two people who were in a cold war and seemed unable to reconcile for a while suddenly spoke in unison, facing each other.

"I have something to say to you!"

"I have something to say to you!"

...

"You say it first!"

"You say it first!"

...

Jisaki saw this and quickly brought Wang Ling and Sun Rong to the foot of the wooden house ahead.

At this time, he decided that it would be better to leave the two of them alone.

And it was at this time that Wang Ling saw Wang Ming and Zhai Yin hugging each other from a distance.

"It's reconciled! It's great!" Sun Rong was secretly happy.

However, in fact, this scene happened to be watched by the people from the Rainbow Seven Gang in the tree house.

"President! Big news! Come and see!" A member of the Zifeng Club screamed at the window.

"What's all the fuss about."

Then, Moriyama Kaede, the president of the Purple Maple Club, followed the member's guidance and saw this scene from a distance.

Immediately, he showed the same emoticon of an old man looking at his mobile phone in the subway: "I remember this Sun Rong... didn't I like that Wang Houlang Sang? Why did he suddenly hugged Wang Xiaoer Sang? Together???"

"I know the President! They all believe in the Wang! So. We must have made a mistake!"

"..."

No matter who Sun Rong likes.

At this time, Moriyama Kaede was completely confused.

Your circle is so chaotic...





Chapter 1555: I’ll take care of myself three times a day


The so-called knowing yourself and your enemy means you will be victorious in any battle. In order to truly capture the weakness of Houlang Sang, Moriyama Kaede investigated many things for this purpose.

Although many things are rumors on the Internet, their authenticity is uncertain.

But if you have the right to say something, everyone's opinion will win gold.

As long as all these rumors are listed and confirmed based on the comprehensive search rate and the witnesses found, you can basically make a judgment on the authenticity of the information.

However, just before the upper class student exchange meeting started today, Moriyama Kaede wanted to summarize the information.

Something very strange happened.

That's all the information he investigated about Houlang Sang. All disappeared!

And before the meeting started, he couldn't remember anything about Houlang Sang... his memory was a chaotic mosaic like paste.

What a hell...

In desperation, Moriyama Kaede had no choice but to focus on the information of Sun Rong.

According to the collected information, Sun Rong has a favorable impression of Houlang Sang.

Moriyama Kaede thought he could make a big fuss about this at the exchange meeting.

All we need is to stop that Houlang Sang from coming to power.

In this regard, he felt that he could find inspiration from the recent rumors about the Dragon King's Son-in-law and the "Crooked-mouthed God of War".

Houlang Sang. An ordinary kid whose family is not rich. And he has no talent.

So many people in their Jiudaohe Class S have already entered the Golden Core realm in their freshman year of high school.

What do you use to show off your power during the Foundation Building period?

In the post bar of Jiudaohe High School. Moriyama Kaede has arranged for some people from the Purple Maple Club to organize posts.

"Why is a poor Houlang favored by a rich woman? Do you think you are the Shura Dragon King?"

"How to be a pretty girl to attract a rich woman to take care of you. With this method, you will have no worries for the rest of your life!"

"You can also participate in the upper-class student exchange meeting in District S during the Foundation Building period? I have never seen such a shameless person."

"Epic shame! Jiudaohe High School is the best in the world in Sun Island. They actually allow foreign players to join the delegation! Are you worthy?"

...

These very headline-grabbing posts were all planned and thought up by Moriyama Kaede.

It's a pity that if it weren't for the urgent time, he felt that the effect of shooting that kind of advertisement would be good.

With these posts and this exchange meeting, everyone must bring a magic weapon.

Moriyama Kaede wanted to see what Wang Ling would come up with.

He was happily waiting for the exchange meeting to begin. He was just waiting to see Wang Ling make a fool of himself.

As a result, the scene in front of him made Moriyama Kaede completely confused.

"No...did I lose my memory? I shouldn't have lost my memory? Then Sun Rong obviously likes that Houlang Sang...why are they hugging that guy named Wang Xiaoer..."

Moriyama Kaede felt like she was not feeling well.

"President. What should we do now?"

The others also felt at a loss when they saw this scene.

"Don't panic."

Moriyama Kaede pretended to be calm.

In fact, he himself doesn't quite know what to do...

But now that the plan has been set, it's too late to modify it.

We can only take things step by step first and continue to act according to the original plan.

...

About a few minutes later, Number 60 High SchoolWang Ling and others entered the tree house under the leadership of Jisaki.

The living room in the tree house is very spacious. It has been rearranged to accommodate the exchange meeting.

The long dining tables are spliced together. They are divided into three rows inside. Each row of tables has exquisite local cuisine, desserts and drinks from Sun Island.

These are all cultivation foods.

As soon as Wang Ling entered the door, the originally noisy scene immediately became quieter. Many people turned their eyes towards Wang Ling.

After a few seconds of silence, whispering began to sound nearby.

Most people are actually discussing Wang Ling based on the marketing-style posts posted by "Moriyama Kaede".

The Jiudaohe delegation allowed an outsider to join the delegation. This matter, under the leadership of Moriyama Kaede, did cause dissatisfaction among some students in District S.

The most important thing is that the joining of Wang Ling was approved by the student union.

Moriyama Kaede arranged such a big game.

Looks like a retaliatory move against Wang Ling...

But the real purpose is actually to go to the Jiudaohe Student Union.

As long as they continue to work well this time and pull down the popular student council president Jisaki, Jiudaohe High School will be completely under the control of their Rainbow Seven Gang.

In fact, Jisaki and Ma Jiao have already known this conspiracy clearly.

The moment I saw Moriyama Kaede.

Jisaki and Moriyama Kaede looked at each other from afar.

His seemingly calm expression was actually filled with undercurrents.

"Jisaki! This time. I will definitely bring you down!"

"Moriyama Kaede! This time. I will make you a disciple!"

"..."

The two people's eyes met. They conveyed their thoughts to each other.

Let Wang Ling on the side hear it clearly.

Wang Ling knows. The messages Jisaki sent were actually aimed at the student union.

In the eyes of the other party, he is just a cannon fodder that can be used.

This kind of child-like behavior. Wang Ling actually didn’t take it to heart.

Even a bratty kid who lacks education has a chance to turn over a new leaf...

Let’s see how bad Tang Jingze was in Number 59 High School. At first, he was just crazy about targeting him.

And now. It is said that they have all joined Gray Cult...

Wang Ling actually does not reject this behavior of the Gray Cult Supporters Association.

It was because of a {substitute} essay written by Crispy Noodles that he was packaged into a little genius of writing essays by some combination of circumstances.

Wang Ling thinks this is a point that can be exploited.

At least it can divert some people's attention.

Let those people stop focusing on his true combat power.

The so-called useless person is a scholar.

And what Wang Ling's essay blessed Wang Ling was such a weak "jade-faced scholar" skin.

On the contrary, it will make him more inconspicuous.

The people in Gray Cult's support club are relatively well-educated and can help him cover.

The main thing is that the leader is Sun Rong.

This makes Wang Ling feel extremely at ease.

As for online, that is, those fake posts on the Internet. Wang Ling didn’t take it to heart.

There is no need for Wang Ming to deal with this matter now.

Ma Jiao can handle it by herself.

Now Wang Ming has used Old V's identity as the leading hacker circle to accept Ma Jiao as his disciple.

All situations on Ma Jiao's side are currently under single-handed control by Wang Ming.

So. Moriyama Kaede arranged this game. Who is the real winner in the end... It is actually already obvious.

What's more, now in the Rainbow Seven Gang, there is also Lan Mao, the newly wooed Lan Yanhui president from Ohno Dankaede, who is acting as a mole...

It is said that after Lan Mao joined the religion, he secretly won over several other presidents.

In other words. Now if Sun Rong stands up as the leader of Gray Cult, he will shout "The Rainbow Seven Sons Gang will be disbanded on the spot".

Maybe the entire venue.

Only Moriyama Kaede is left...

...

Therefore. Facing the menacing Moriyama Kaede. Wang Ling's performance was particularly calm.

And when Wang Ling entered the venue, he saw the doubtful looks in the eyes of many people around him.

In the air, the BGM of "Children, do you have many question marks" seems to be faintly seeping out.

Only then did Zhai Yin remember that the role he was playing now was Sun Rong!

And she actually just hugged Wang Ming in front of so many people!

The situation was once awkward.

"Rongrong, I'm sorry! I just got excited and forgot about it!"

In the independent team spirit voice channel established by several people from Number 60 High School. Zhai Yin immediately apologized to Sun Rong.

Mainly because she really didn't think that much after the enthusiasm just came up...

The Peach wood branch of Wang Ling. The power of "I have to examine myself three times a day" was too strong. At that moment, she and Wang Ming fell into a spiritual path that was difficult to turn back. They only wanted to apologize. ..

"It's okay, Sister Yinzi! It would be really good if you and Brother Ming can reconcile." Sun Rong responded.

"Hey. I'm sorry. It's my fault..." Zhai Yin felt a little at a loss.

Speaking of which, this can be considered an undercover mission.

It was very different from the life-and-death special operations operations she had carried out before. For a moment, Zhai Yin really didn't have any ideas to deal with the situation in front of her.

Sun Rong discovered that Zhai Yin's attributes are actually that of a straight woman. She has a straightforward personality and doesn't like beating around the bush.

She felt that this might be one of the important reasons why Wang Ming liked Zhai Yin.

"Sister Yinzi, just relax. Next, follow my instructions."

"Then what should I do next?"

"I think you should let Brother Xiao Ming loosen your hands first." Sun Rong showed an awkward yet polite smile.

"..."

After saying this, Zhai Yin and Wang Ming reacted quickly like frightened birds.

Sun Rong couldn't help but laugh in her heart.

The quarrel was sudden and the reconciliation was quick.

Is this what it feels like to be a "lover"...

Sun Rong was happy for the two of them. At the same time, he was a little envious.

"..." Wang Ling looked at this scene from a distance. The expression on his face was as unmodified as ever. There was no sadness or joy.

No emotion can be seen.

Although the power of Peach wood branch "I have to examine myself three times a day" is the "lubricant" for the reconciliation between the two.

But in the final analysis, Wang Ming and Zhai Yin actually don't want to quarrel.

That's why the "reconciliation" happened so quickly.

According to Jingke’s words.

It is said that the more violent the quarrel, the stronger the effect of "I will examine myself three times a day".

If Wang Ming and Zhai Yin were really quarreling to the point where they would have to fight.

I'm afraid the two of them did more than just hug each other in front of the tree house.

Instead, they will kneel directly to each other and kowtow to the other side...

Thinking of this, Wang Ling's body couldn't help but tremble.

This scene is too strange!

Kowtow to each other. Doesn’t this become worshiping heaven and earth?

There is an undercurrent in this venue right now...

Wang Ling thinks that in the magic weapon display session later, I would like to show off my Peach wood branch.

When this kind of reflective power of "I examine myself three times a day" spreads to the entire venue, I'm afraid we will see a very exciting scene.

While he was thinking, Moriyama Kaede walked to the front of the venue holding a glass of grape juice.

He briefly stroked the back of his head to make sure that his hair gel had not fallen off.

Then he cleared his throat, showed an old-fashioned expression, and started the next step in a very artificial broadcast accent.

Moriyama Kaede: "Everyone! Today is an exchange meeting for our upper-class students in Jiudaohe. It is also to celebrate our newly elected five-member delegation from Jiudaohe."

"We are all young geniuses who entered the Golden Core at a young age."

Speaking of which, Moriyama Kaede glanced at Wang Ling: "It's different from those losers from the Foundation Building period."

Wang Ling: "..."

"Everyone has been practicing hard for many years. I must have some magic weapons that can be used. Today's exchange meeting is also a magic weapon display."

Moriyama Kaedexiao said: "Then let's follow the order of the system's drawing of lots. Please ask the students who got the number to come up and show their magic weapons."

"I'm really looking forward to seeing it. As our five-person representative team from Jiudaohe, I don't know what dazzling treasures we can come up with.

After saying this, I looked at Wang Ling again.

Wang Ling silently ate the crispy noodles from the snack area in the venue.

It is said that this was specially arranged by Jisaki for Lan Mao to prepare separately.

There were so many high-end cultivation foods in the entire venue. Wang Ling felt that this crispy noodles was the most high-end.

After the system lottery, the first person came on stage soon.

It's said to be a lottery. In fact, all the numbers were arranged by Moriyama Kaede in advance.

The first person to come up was one of Moriyama Kaede's subordinates. He was also a student from District S.

The young man was holding a huge potted plant with blue and white porcelain patterns about half a meter in radius. He carefully walked up the steps and placed it on the ground.

The magic weapon displayed is actually similar to Wang Ling.

Although compared to the Peach wood branch in the Sword King Realm, the spiritual gap is too big. But at least the ideas are the same.

It's a pity that most people here have never seen the world.

Even this small potted spiritual plant exudes spirituality that has amazed many people here.

"This is a century-old purple cherry blossom..." Someone recognized the origin of the purple seedling in the pot.

Sakura is the island flower of Sun Island.

The so-called "seven days of cherry blossoms" refers to the period from when a cherry blossom blooms to when it withers. It only takes seven days.

And the pot of cherry blossoms in the hands of this young man is even more exquisite.

This is a century-old purple cherry blossom!

A kind of spiritual plant that can be qualified to be included in the auxiliary magic weapon!

Even the purple cherry in this seedling state has the function of condensing the spiritual energy of heaven and earth, which can give people the ability to accelerate their practice.

If you keep this purple cherry potted plant in your room, it is tantamount to putting 10 spirit gathering arrays on the room.

"A hundred-year-old purple cherry blossom. The seedling stage alone lasts a hundred years! And a hundred years later, the purple cherry blossom will grow into a purple cherry tree overnight one day and bloom!" Someone praised.

Purple cherry trees bloom on a random day after a hundred years. This is done automatically.

However, after the purple cherry blossoms bloom, their retention time is shorter than that of normal cherry blossoms. They will wither after seven hours.

The mature purple cherry tree will quickly shrink and turn into a seed again...

These fallen purple cherry blossom petals will become nutrients.

Let the seeds receive circulating nutrients.

Therefore, the purple cherry blossom also has an alias called "Samsara Sakura".

There is a poem that says, "It turns into spring mud to protect the flowers." This is the perfect way to describe the purple cherry blossoms.

Purple cherry blossoms are very rare on the market now.

And the purple cherry blossoms with a certain number of reincarnations are even more rare and pitiful.

"The purple cherry seedling in my hand has passed a hundred years. And this year is the seventh reincarnation of this purple cherry seedling." The young man said proudly.

Seven rounds of purple cherry blossoms?

Many people in the venue showed astonished expressions.

It is said that this purple cherry blossom is priceless. The current market value of this seven-round purple cherry blossom must be at least 200 million!

"I made you laugh. This is not a big deal. It's a pity. This potted plant is now more than 130 years old. My dad gave it to me. I haven't seen it grow into a tree and bloom until now."

The owner of Purple Sakura, Sakai Toyotoshi, touched his head and smiled sheepishly: "On this occasion today, there are also several of our friends from Number 60 High School who came all the way from abroad. There are so many people here and I must be confused. A pot of seven-round purple cherry blossoms. Even more shy."

Speaking of which, Sakai Toyotoshi also followed the example of Moriyama Kaede before and glanced at Wang Ling.

Then he chuckled and said, "They say Houlang Sang is a mascot. And purple cherry blossoms are actually a symbol of luck. I will make a small bet here today. If my pot of purple cherry blossoms can grow into a tree today. Bloom. I will give this pot of purple cherry blossoms to Houlang Sang!"

"..."

Wang Ling sighed silently in his heart.

Why is this necessary...

He's not a rag collector...





Chapter 1556 Zuan Ziying


In the hearts of all local islanders of Sun Island, cherry blossoms are a symbol of holiness and beauty.

The status is naturally extraordinary.

Even ordinary cherry blossoms will still make people here feel respectful.

Not to mention the pot of seven-wheeled purple cherry blossoms brought by Sakai Toyotoshi.

Give the seven-wheeled purple cherry blossoms to Wang Ling. When he said these words, Sakai Toyotoshi knew that he seemed to be a little exaggerated.

After all, his real intention was not to send Ziying away.

He secretly took out this pot of purple cherry blossoms from the glass incubator at home. He used a civet cat-for-prince trick. But the pot now placed in the glass incubator is a fake.

Teenagers in high school are immature mentally. They like to show off things that others don’t have in front of others. Sakai Toyotoshi is no exception.

And whenever he wants to show off, he will use fake ones to replace the real ones and show off the real ones.

After satisfying my own vanity, I exchanged the pot for the real purple cherry blossoms.

Of course. If his father knew about this, Sakai Toyotoshi felt that his legs might not be saved.

After all, this is the Seven-wheeled Purple Sakura...

A baby with a market value of 200 million.

And it's the kind that will definitely sell as soon as it's listed. It's easier than selling a house.

To Wang Ling?

That was just a sarcastic remark.

Even if the purple cherry blossoms are about to bloom, they won’t bloom now.

Although the purple cherry blossoms bloom randomly a hundred years later, there are also basic rules for blooming.

It is winter in December. Ordinary cherry blossoms have no shadow. And the rare purple cherry blossoms cannot bloom in winter.

Anyone who knows flowers actually understands this.

Jisaki showed contempt.

"Sakai Toyotoshi, this guy. He talks beautifully."

"Obviously it was expected that it would be impossible to open in winter."

"Zi Ying is so delicate. How could she open..."

There was a lot of chattering around. Jisaki muttered softly.

However, he just finished speaking.

The purple cherry blossom seedlings in the pot suddenly seemed to be awakened by some sound. They twitched slightly...

Jisaki thought he was dazzled. But the facts before everyone made him believe the magical scene he saw.

This is by no means an illusion of Jisaki alone. Because Jisaki is not the only one to notice this.

Gradually, people began to talk about this.

"Look. Does the seedling of Qilun Ziying seem to be moving?"

"What? No way! It's December now! Such a cold season!"

"I think I saw it right...it did seem to move just now..."

"Did we talk too loudly and wake us up?"

It only took a moment. The scene instantly became lively.

Although the purple cherry blossom seedlings trembled slightly and then stopped moving, many people did see that movement.

"It couldn't have been blown by the wind, right?" someone questioned.

"It's definitely not a problem with the wind..." At this time, Sun Rong also focused his gaze on the flower seedling.

Because of the relationship with Aohai's "human and sword unity", Sun Rong's six senses are infinitely amplified.

At the same time, he also gained a passive skill that can listen to the sounds of all things.

The sea is originally an existence that nourishes all things.

Nature can also listen to the sounds of all things.

There was no other reason why the girl was stunned in place.

Because she not only saw this purple cherry tree moving a little bit.

She also heard the sound made by this purple cherry tree!

"Neuropathy... He moves me around every day... I've been suffering from irregular menstruation from time to time..."

"I can't bear it anymore! I want to change my master!"

...

"Classmate Wang Ling...Brother Ming..."

In the independent spirit voice channel of the team, Sun Rong seemed a little at a loss for a while.

After all, not everyone has the ability to communicate with all things.

For most people, Purple Cherry is just an auxiliary magic weapon and a rare spiritual plant.

They couldn't understand what Ziying said.

But it would be different if I could understand.

"Miss Rong, calm down. It's not that you heard wrong. This Ziying is indeed speaking Yingying language." Wang Ming said.

The ability to listen to all things. Wang Ming actually has it too.

He can adjust his brain waves to the corresponding frequency according to the type of creature. He also gains the ability to listen to all things.

It's just that the sound is not as clear as Wang Ling, Sun Rong.

There is no doubt about it. This is a very irritable purple cherry tree.

Of course, this can’t be completely blamed on Murasaki. After all, it has to be moved and taken out to show off by Sakai Toyotoshi from time to time.

Even in this cold winter, I have not escaped this disaster.

This made this seven-wheel purple cherry tree feel deeply dissatisfied with Sakai Toyotoshi.

And in such a public place. When Nanawa Murasaki heard the news that Sakai Toyotoshi was going to make a bet and send her away.

Qilun Ziying could no longer hold back the anger that had been suppressed in her heart for a long time!

All things have animism.

Especially. When Qilun Ziying sensed the faint, spiritual aura exuding from Wang Ling... it immediately made Ziying even more excited about the idea of changing ownership.

"Sakai Toyotoshi!!"

So. Accompanied by Ziying's last roar, which only Wang Ling could hear.

The purple sapling in the pot grew up in an instant, at a speed visible to the naked eye!

"I didn't expect this to be Zuan Ziying." Wang Ming couldn't help laughing.

The growth rate of Qilun Purple Sakura exceeds everyone's imagination.

Under the astonished gazes of everyone present, the trunk of the purple cherry tree grew rapidly. Countless branches sprouted from the center of the trunk in all directions.

The purple buds are dotted like lanterns on a Christmas tree. They instantly decorate the entire cherry blossom tree.

Like the most brilliant fireworks in winter, they suddenly bloomed.

"This..."

On the stage. Moriyama Kaede was dumbfounded on the spot.

He stared at Sakai Toyotoshi who was also stunned next to him for a year. He scolded in a very small voice: "Sakai! What the hell is going on!"

"I...I don't know either..."

Sakai Toyotoshi himself was about to cry: "President...I...I think this Murasaki is playing me..."

"..."

Because he really had no intention of giving away this purple cherry tree.

In previous years, he showed off his seven-wheel purple cherry blossoms at home. He never failed!

Who would have thought that this purple cherry blossom would bloom in the unseasonal winter!

And this was after he made the decision to send her out!

Isn't this an actor-level acting skill...

I bet you are also the Queen of Hundred Flowers?

However, at the next moment, the most shocking scene appeared.

The branches of this purple cherry tree slowly stretched in the direction of Wang Ling.

At the head of the branch, there was a twin purple cherry blossom bud that bloomed when it was handed to Wang Ling...

"This is Ziying's gift! It turns out that Houlang Sang! is really a mascot!" At this time, someone finally couldn't help but screamed.

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 1557 I apologize now. Is it still too late?


The probability of purple cherry blossoms blooming is extremely low.

What's more, this is still in the cold winter...

And when the purple cherry blossoms, which symbolize holiness and luck, appear in front of everyone.

Everyone in the field looked at him with horrified looks.

Of course. The purple cherry blossoms blooming out of season are a miracle of nature.

Then the magical phenomenon called "Purple Cherry Blossom Gift" that only goes in the direction of Wang Ling...is even more of a miracle among miracles!

Wang Ling looked around. He saw that many people around him were stunned, looking at this magical scene in astonishment.

Many people want to take pictures of this miraculous scene with their mobile phones.

There were pious expressions on their faces.

There is no doubt about it. This is a super collision between mascots!

This is mascot + mascot = mascot plus!

Repost this "Purple Cherry Gift Houlang Photo"! The European Emperor is possessed, everything goes well, and you will definitely pass every exam!

This pot of seven-wheeled purple cherry blossoms suddenly bloomed indoors. It is so beautiful.

Brilliant purple petals with magical colors are blown by the breeze outside the treehouse window.

Like petals scattered after an immortal flight.

This beautiful scene makes people feel like they are instantly in an outdoor peach blossom garden.

The tangy fragrance accompanies the fluttering purple cherry blossoms.

It was dazzling for a moment.

"awsl!"

1(Meaning "That's so cute.") "It's so pretty..."

This scene was so romantic that the men and women present were stunned beyond measure.

It is simply a beautiful wallpaper in reality!

Every angle taken is breathtakingly beautiful!

The only flaw is standing behind this pot of purple cherry blossoms.

Moriyama Kaede and Sakai Toyotoshi were slightly embarrassed at this moment.

"You guys give way! Come down quickly! Don't pollute the picture!"

"Pollution... pollution..." Moriyama Kaede was furious.

He originally wanted to make some remarks in defense.

But in front of the purple cherry tree, he finally didn't have the courage to open his mouth.

Sakura is something that the islanders of Sun Island respect very much.

Especially the pot in front of me is a seven-round purple cherry.

If you are disrespectful to him, you will probably suffer retribution.

In fact, after feeling frustrated in his heart, Moriyama Kaede was also reflecting on his actions.

His purpose for holding this exchange meeting was to prevent Wang Ling from coming to Taiwan.

But he didn't expect that now he himself would be embarrassed.

Purple cherry blossoms blooming out of season. And a gift of purple cherry blossoms...

All this is like God's will and gift.

And what Moriyama Kaede is thinking about now is reflecting on whether he really did something wrong.

Such a miraculous vision made him wonder at this moment whether he should not be against Wang Ling.

"Am I really wrong..."

Under the urging of everyone, Moriyama Kaede had no choice but to think while pulling Sakai Toyotoshi down from the stage.

"President. What should I do? Save the child..."

In the audience, only Sakai Toyotoshi looked like he was about to cry.

Moriyama Kaede glanced at Sakai Toyotoshi: "This is the oath you made yourself. In front of so many people. You'd better accept it."

"I will definitely be beaten to death by my father."

Sakai Toyotoshi's face was full of dejection. Then he looked at Wang Ling's expression. He was filled with anger: "This Houlang Sang... I'm not done with him! President! Hurry up to the next step! I can't wait to see it." It’s time for him to be ridiculed!"

However. To Sakai Toyotoshi's surprise.

Moriyama Kaede, who originally planned this exchange meeting, actually just sighed after calming down: "There is no next step."

Sakai Toyotoshi: "?"

Moriyama Kaede: "This is God's will... maybe we really shouldn't go against Houlang Sang."

Sakai Toyotoshi: "..."

Just for a moment. Everything seemed to go wrong.

As the initiator of this chess game, Moriyama Kaede's thoughts changed so quickly that Sakai Toyotoshi felt caught off guard.

And in fact...

This is actually because the "Peach wood branch" in the hands of Wang Ling is exerting the important power of "I have to examine myself three times a day"!

Wang Ling is now covered with disposable seals Talisman. Theoretically, there is no possibility of breath leakage.

So as far as Wang Ling's personal judgment is concerned.

The reason why the purple cherry tree stretched out its branches towards him was probably because of the Peach wood branch in his hand...

Wang Ling was also a little surprised.

A cherry blossom tree. Falling in love with a Peach wood branch...

Stories like this always sound a bit fantastical.

But if you don’t know, this story sounds a bit romantic at first glance.

The effect is comparable to "Ah Zhen falls in love with Ah Qiang".

2(A song... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtko96w3938 ) When the two spiritual plants resonate emotionally, the power of Peach wood branch "I have to examine myself three times a day" is directly spread out along with the floral fragrance of purple cherry...

Moriyama Kaede's heart that was bent on opposing Wang Ling was resolved on the spot.

Sakai Toyotoshi was still complaining in his heart about Moriyama Kaede's betrayal. But in the next second, he smelled the fragrance of flowers and didn't know why he suddenly felt a sense of guilt in his heart.

He began to find that he did not dare to look directly at Wang Ling.

Because when facing Wang Ling, Sakai Toyotoshi actually felt a sense of shame in his heart!

He was obviously scared to death. He was afraid that his boring bet would give away this pot of purple cherry blossoms worth 200 million in vain and that he would be beaten violently by his father.

But now Sakai Toyotoshi suddenly feels that if he fails to fulfill the promise he made... it seems to be more terrible than being beaten to death by his own father!

As an upright man.

Sakai Toyotoshi feels that he should take on his responsibilities as a boy.

Although he himself didn't know why his inner thoughts suddenly changed so drastically.

But this power of shame and introspection is like a fish bone stuck in Sakai Toyotoshi's heart.

So a few seconds later, Wang Ling in the distance saw such a scene.

"I'm sorry...I shouldn't have been like this..."

Along with the murmur in his mouth, two tears actually fell from the corners of Sakai Toyotoshi's eyes.

Then he quickly wiped away his tears.

He walked up to everyone again and said, "I admit it. I am driven by vanity. And this pot of purple cherry blossoms was actually secretly brought out of my house."

Wang Ling: "..."

There were still tears in the corners of Sakai Toyotoshi's eyes: "But since I, Sakai Toyotoshi, have made a promise! Then I will definitely fulfill my promise! Give the purple cherry to Houlang Sang!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Then, after the silence, the audience burst into thunderous applause.

"Well done, Sakai-san!"

"Those who keep their promises are the most handsome."

...

And here. After Sakai Toyotoshi just expressed his stance.

Moriyama Kaede also stood up. In front of everyone, he knelt on the ground and confessed: "Houlang Sang! I was wrong!"

"..."

"And I want to clarify to everyone. Many of the posts about Houlang Sang that have been published on the Internet are actually made up by me!"

He raised his head and looked at Wang Ling. His eyes were red: "Houlang Sang. Is it too late for me to apologize to you now...?"

"..."

...

Wang LingUnexpectedly, the exchange meeting held for him at noon would be perfectly resolved by the power of that Peach wood branch.

This is an unexpected change for Wang Ling.

And besides that, there was a second thing that Wang Ling didn't expect.

That's what happened at this upper-class student exchange meeting. It was actually filmed by Jisaki and Ma Jiao. Special effects processing and editing were performed.

They are going to use this video as a promotional video for Gray Cult.

Finally, use the account "Jiudaohe Gray Cult Branch" registered before. Post it directly on station B.

"Houlang Sang, Rong Jiang, Brother Xiaoer. Can you take a look at the content of this video?"

In the chat group established separately with Jisaki. Jisaki obediently sent the video preview information.

The title of this video is planned to be: Purple cherry blossoms are blooming. A gift to Gray Cult members? Jiudaohe Gray Cult branch. Welcome to join us to share our luck!

Jisaki handled the entire video very carefully.

Only the back of Wang Ling was edited. The name of Wang Ling was not mentioned throughout.

It just uses the identity of a Gray Cult member.

As for the photos spread on the Internet, they are all blurred due to the "big blocking technique". It is completely unclear what Wang Ling looks like...

"Well done."

Sun Rong praised in the group: "Low-key is our rule at Gray Cult. This is handled very well."

"Rong Jiang deserves the award."

Jisaki said: "But I still haven't figured it out yet. Why did Moriyama Kaede and Sakai Toyotoshi apologize in front of so many people? It should not only be because they were influenced by seeing Murasaki Sakura, right?"

"Oh? What else do you think?" Wang Ming asked funnyly.

"Of course there is Houlang Sang's charisma! Although Houlang Sang's appearance cannot be clearly seen in these photos on the Internet...but that silhouette looks very handsome!"

Sun Rong stared at the screen and smiled: "Of course! Classmate Wang Ling is the best!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Jisaki: "Ah, by the way, Rong Jiang! I have received applications from Moriyama Kaede and Sakai Toyotoshi for teaching."

Sun Rong was startled: "They want to join the religion so quickly? What do you think?"

Jisaki: "I think Moriyama Kaede still needs to be investigated. As for Sakai Toyotoshi-san, I think it is best to satisfy his wish first. He said that this was his last request before he was beaten to death by his father."

"You tell him. Just reassure him. He won't be beaten to death. Just join Gray Cult. Continue to support classmate Wang Ling. I will definitely protect him." Sun Rong said with a smile.

Speaking of which, this time Gray Cult can make a splash on the Internet.

In fact, thanks to Sakai Toyotoshi's bet, the program's effect was immediately maximized.

Sun RongIn my heart, I am actually a little grateful to Sakai Toyotoshi.

Now that we have turned enemies into friends, everything that follows is easy to discuss.

The seven-wheel purple cherry blossoms have now become eight-wheel purple cherry blossoms. The value is a little higher than before.

But it’s only 500 million at best.

"What does Sakai Toyotoshi-san do?" asked Sun Rong in the group.

"It's from Kai Lingzhi Farm. It provides materials to many elixir companies." Jisaki said.

"Okay. I understand." The girl replied with a smile.

At the same time, I already have a corresponding plan in mind.

...

That afternoon, when Sakai Toyotoshi came home from school, he felt uneasy.

He was worried about his father's beating and scolding.

After all, Purple Sakura is an important value-preserving tool for the Sakai family.

Moreover, this is an ancestral item.

Before Sakai Toyotoshi returned home. Before returning home, Sakai Toyotoshi had taken an elixir to heal his wounds, as well as to numb and paralyze him. To prevent his father from blowing his brains out all over the mountain...

He tiptoed and changed into slippers in front of the entrance. He walked towards his bedroom like a thief.

As a result, as soon as he took two steps, a figure appeared behind him.

"Sakai! Stop!" A majestic male voice stopped him.

It was his father. Naru Sakai.

"Father...I..." Sakai Toyotoshi was so frightened that his legs weakened on the spot.

"Son, what's wrong with you?"

Naru Sakai went over to help him.

"Father...I shouldn't bet with others. I lost that pot of purple cherry...just hit me..." Sakai Toyotoshi looked at the man in front of him.

"Why should I hit you? Good sales, son!"

"ah?"

"I was just contacted by the person in charge of Huaguo Shui Lian Group's Commercial Department. He said he saw your video on the internet. Seeing you keep your promise. I was very touched. They gave our family a 2 billion dollar order for spiritual plants!"

Sakai Toyotoshi: "?"

Is this okay?





Chapter 1558 Charity Donation


Sakai Toyotoshi had no idea that things would take a turn for the better...

As we all know, the so-called Gray Cult is actually the support club of Houlang Sang.

Previously, Sakai Toyotoshi was troubled by the power of Peach wood branch, which made him have the idea of joining Gray Cult.

It's just that Sakai Toyotoshi didn't expect the sudden operation in his heart.

The family actually got such a huge order for nothing.

After all, the Sakai family are businessmen.

Even if that pot of purple cherry blossoms is inherited from ancestors, it is priceless.

But in the end it's only worth 500 million.

But now, what the Sakai family has obtained is an order of 2 billion and subsequent long-term cooperation.

Whether this deal is a good deal or not can be calculated with your toes.

In the evening of that day, Father Sakai held a celebration banquet at his home.

During the entire celebration banquet, Sakai Toyotoshi was not only happy, but naturally he was also thinking about this matter.

This time the behavior of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group would be difficult to explain clearly without the support of Miss Sun.

So why did Miss Sun do that?

Because he fulfilled his promise. And determined to join Gray Cult and support Houlang Sang?

Intuitively speaking.

Sakai Toyotoshi feels that Sun Rong likes Wang Ling.

But now. Here comes the problem...

What was going on in that scene in front of the tree house at noon?

I obviously like Miss Sun Rong of Wang Ling. Why are I hugging that Wang Xiaoer again...

After Sakai Toyotoshi sorted out the logic in his head, he was instantly shocked.

--Here I go! It turns out this is a triangle relationship!

"Son, what's wrong? You are the hero today. Why don't you look so good?" Father Sakai looked at the pale Sakai Toyotoshi and asked with concern.

This time. He really didn't expect it.

He has always failed to live up to expectations and is extremely vain.

He actually relied on this operation to win the favor of Miss Sun.

Won such a large order for the family.

While Naru Sakai was very pleased, he was also moved by the growth of Sakai Toyotoshi.

He had to admit that this time, Naru Sakai walked in front of him...

"Dad. I'm fine." Sakai Toyotoshi said. He wiped his sweat with the hot towel handed by the servant. Then he asked: "Dad...I have something to ask you."

"Say." Naru Sakai said.

"If I know something about Miss Sun..."

"Stop it."

To Sakai Toyotoshi's surprise, he was cut off by his father before he could finish speaking.

Father Sakai took a sip of sake. He chuckled and said, "Although the conditions of our Sakai family are not bad, if we compare them with the Huaguo Shui Lian Group, the gap is still very obvious."

"Sometimes, don't judge something based on your own guesses. Otherwise, you will put yourself in a very dangerous situation."

"As long as it doesn't harm the interests of our Sakai family, it's not bad to be a fool."

"You just need to know that Miss Sun has a good impression of that Houlang Sang. That's enough."

"In the days to come, learn more from that Houlang Sang. Try to get closer."

"Other matters. Don't say more. Don't make random guesses. Don't talk nonsense."

...

These words were like a revelation, instantly awakening Sakai Toyotoshi.

yes...

Many things were actually just wishful thinking on his part.

What his father said was absolutely correct.

Now he just needs to know that Miss Sun has a good impression of Houlang Sang. That's enough...

...

It’s still early evening on Friday, December 18th.

While the celebration party was held at Sakai Toyotoshi's house, Jisaki was also summarizing the achievements after this exchange meeting in the student union office.

First of all, the most difficult Rainbow Seven Gang. After this exchange meeting, it was confirmed that it has been completely conquered.

In addition, Lan Mao and Ohno Dankaede secretly lead the relationship. Many people who meet the requirements have chosen to join Gray Cult.

Even Jisaki himself didn't expect it.

Jiudaohe High School has been divided for so many years due to student party competition. It actually became a whole again because of Houlang Sang...

Now. Whether it's Jiudaohe's student union or the original Rainbow Seven Gang.

All belong to the Jiudaohe Gray Cult branch.

And almost all S-level students have joined the Jiudaohe Gray Cult branch.

This is undoubtedly an unprecedented thing.

Gray Cult!

Jiudaohe has been completely occupied!

In the follow-up, he will apply to the school in the name of the president of the student union and the head of the Jiudaohe Gray Cult branch to cancel the student grading system.

This system, which is full of chains of contempt and has given rise to all kinds of school violence and bullying, should have been banned long ago!

Everyone has their own shining points and strengths.

Since we are all students of the same school, we should understand the principle of mutual prosperity and loss.

Jisaki feels that he realized this from Wang Ling.

Look at Number 60 High School this time...

Isn't it a closely united group represented by the mascot Wang Ling?

"As expected of Houlang Sang!"

Jisaki found that he admired Wang Ling more and more.

Although Houlang Sang has no words, every action seems to have a profound meaning. People can learn a lot...

besides.

There are two more results from this exchange meeting.

The first thing is naturally the promotional video for the account "Jiudaohe Gray Cult Branch" on Station B.

The gimmick of the seven-wheeled purple cherry blossoms blooming out of season attracted a lot of attention. It triggered a large number of reposts. Now the number of coins in the video has exceeded 30,000, and the number of views is approaching one million.

This is undoubtedly explosive data.

The second thing is the new decision made by Jisaki after discussing with Sun Rong regarding the pot of "Eight-Run Purple Sakura".

Because Wang Ling doesn’t like this thing either.

So Jisaki and Sun Rong decided after discussing it. They planned to sell this priceless pot of "Eight-Run Purple Sakura" in the name of Gray Cult, and then donate it to charity.

Sun Island. No student organization can donate 500 million in a short period of time...

This matter also attracted a lot of attention after Jisaki publicly announced it using the account "Jiudaohe Gray Cult Branch".

There were many media interviews.

However, they were all rejected by Jisaki.

As an attitude-oriented literary exchange organization built with students as a group, low-key is the core of Gray Cult.

Of course, he, the head of the branch, would not make such a mistake easily.

Everything is developing for the better.

At the beginning, Jisaki had decided to promote Gray Cult on Sun Island.

Unexpectedly, his goal achieved such great results in such a short period of time.

Just when Jisaki was sighing in his position as student council president.

At this time, Ma Jiao suddenly pushed open the door and walked in: "President, it's not good!"

"What's going on?" Jisaki asked, looking at Ma Jiao's panicked expression.

Ma Jiao handed over a document wrapped in red letter paper.

When Jisaki saw this document, his heart trembled.

Because. This is a warning letter from Jiudaohe Academic Affairs Department...

...

Warning letter?

Although Jisaki didn't expect this to happen.

But the moment he saw the warning letter, he was still stunned.

"Sure enough...it's just like Brother Xiaoer said. There's still no way to escape from school." Jisaki sighed.

For so many years. Jiudaohe High School ranks among the best in Sun Island.

School leaders have always attributed this achievement to the internal competition between students in Jiudaohe.

They believe that only constant competition can make their students stronger.

Therefore, the leaders of Jiudaohe High School also turn a blind eye to some campus bullying behaviors caused by the general environment.

As long as the school ranks high, they won't bother to manage the things below.

What if students have psychological problems?

That's because your mental quality is too poor.

Anyway, Jiudaohe has a last-place elimination mechanism.

Just order him to drop out of school.

And now. The student gang competition mechanism that has been pursued for so many years.

Now it was suddenly broken by an inexplicable "Gray Cult".

Of course, this is something that the school leaders of Jiudaohe cannot tolerate.

This "warning letter" is actually an explicit threat.

I mainly wrote about two things.

The first thing is the decision to suspend the position of Jisaki Student Union President.

The second thing is to ask Jisaki to immediately disband the Jiudaohe Gray Cult branch.

otherwise.

I want Jisaki to drop out of school directly.

"President, what should we do now?" Ma Jiao asked, frowning.

"Just treat it as waste paper. We must not mess up our situation." Jisaki said.

As he said before.

Wang Ming long before this warning letter was issued. Even if it comes, this will happen.

What should we do if the leaders of Jiudaohe come out to oppose the establishment of the Gray Cult branch?

The solution to this problem is actually very simple.

Jisaki and Wang Ming have already thought about this.

That is to bring the leaders into Gray Cult...

...





Chapter 1559 Jiudaohe will never give in!


Jiudaohe Academic Affairs Office. Said a middle-aged man with a head so smooth that it reflected reflected light.

He was wearing a crisp suit. On his chest was the exclusive badge of the Jiudaohe Academic Affairs Office. His mustache and unilateral glasses highlighted the man's elite temperament.

There is a man's business card box on his desk. The words "Ueki Kimisan" are written on it.

"I made a miscalculation. I didn't expect these kids from Number 60 High School to be so capable," Ueki Kimisan said.

He is the director of the Academic Affairs Office of Jiudaohe. Jiudaohe does not have the position of vice principal. In addition to the principal, he is the overall administrator of the school.

Jiudaohe has implemented the grading system for so many years and has never made any mistakes. And the support of the school board for the grading system is unimaginable.

But Ueki Kimisan didn't expect that this time it would be broken by a few foreign exchange students.

"Do you think the warning letter is useful?" In the office, a blond foreign man held a red wine glass and smiled.

"Don't worry, Mr. Holland. I know exactly who has the final say in the board of directors. I won't delay for too long. It's just a literary exchange organization established by students. There's no need to overturn it." Ueki Kimisan said with a confident smile.

"What is the origin of that Houlang Sang? I think this young man is very extraordinary." Neo Holland asked.

"I think Mr. Holland thinks too much. In my personal opinion, that Houlang Sang is probably just a chess piece." Ueki Kimisan frowned.

"So it's... a chess piece?"

"Of course it's a chess piece."

Ueki Kimisan said: "The real organizer behind the scenes is the eldest lady of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. Sun Rong. Apart from her, who else has the courage to directly donate the pot of purple cherry blossoms. "

"Do you think she planned it all?"

"Only this eldest lady dares to do that. It must be her. She borrowed the name of Houlang Sang to set up an organization. This made the organization appear to be an exchange and support group for literature lovers. But in fact, it has an ulterior motive. The purpose of man."

"..."

"But the eldest lady has an unusual background. Jiudaohe can't openly take action with the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. So now there is no way. We can only erase the Houlang Sang."

To be honest. Holland feels that what Ueki Kimisan said is actually not completely unreasonable.

However, he always had a feeling. He felt that Ueki Kimisan thought Wang Ling too simply...

"Mr. Holland, don't worry. I have issued a warning. In addition, I will also plan to make our team lose in this closed-door competition for the national college student rankings."

Ueki Kimisan said: "Just let that Houlang Sang lose the game. Everything will fall apart."

"I think Mr. Ueki is a little too confident." Holland frowned.

"I dare to guarantee it in the name of the Lord."

Ueki Kimisan said: "No! I guarantee in the name of Dao Ancestor! This matter will be resolved smoothly!"

In the name of Dao Ancestor?

Although there are differences in the beliefs of cultivation between the Eastern cultivation world and the Western cultivation world.

But "Dao Ancestor". This seems to be the biggest god believed in in the Eastern cultivation world.

Holland sighed: "Okay. Since Mr. Ueki is so confident, then I will tentatively believe that Mr. Ueki can handle this matter completely. The actual control of Jiudaohe must be firmly in our hands."

"I understand. Mr. Holland." Ueki Kimisan nodded solemnly.

Afterwards, the two of them hugged each other and saluted.

Ueki Kimisan: "Jiudaohe! Never give in! Dao Ancestor protects you. Everything will be safe and sound!"

...

On the other side. In the student union office.

Jisaki placed the old warning letter that he had rubbed on the table.

He dug this out of the trash can...

The main thing is to check on the reinforcements he invited.

And this "reinforcement" is none other than Zhou Xiang, the Chinese teacher who worked with Ma Jiao to restore Jiudaohe's secret room.

"Jisaki-san...I'm afraid you won't be able to talk to me if you ask me for help with this matter."

Zhou Xiang glanced at the warning letter in hand. He couldn't help but sigh: "Jiudaohe has always been xenophobic. And I am a foreign teacher, so I don't have much say. I can get a high salary here simply because of my outstanding teaching ability." "

Jisaki crossed his fingers and held his chin: "I asked Teacher Zhou Xiang to come here. Of course I don't want Teacher Zhou to speak for me. Asking the Academic Affairs Office to revoke the warning letter. This is a fantasy."

After Zhou Xiang heard this, he laughed on the spot: "So it's not for this reason."

"I know Teacher Zhou's life at school is actually not easy," Jisaki said.

"Um..."

Zhou Xiang nodded. Then he said: "A warning letter is a very serious punishment. You actually have a relationship with Zhai Xing Group. It's just the Academic Affairs Department. They don't dare to issue a warning letter like this. So I don't take this matter seriously." It's probably the school board's decision."

"The board of directors. It's really troublesome."

Ma Jiao also frowned after hearing this.

Things are starting to get troublesome...

"I remember that Jiudaohe is not a school run by the Jiugong family. The board of directors should be able to handle it better. And my aunt is the sixth wife of the Jiugong family." Jisaki said.

"You don't know something. Jiudaohe school is actually a property under the name of the third wife of the Jiugong family."

Zhou Xiang said: "The third wife has always wanted to be a principal because of her low educational level. The old man of the Jiugong family helped her open Jiudaohe in order to pursue her."

"But the third wife has no management experience at all. So she hired some foreign management teams to help manage it."

"Then over time, the actual controlling stake in Jiudaohe's board of directors was controlled by those foreign investment teams."

...

These words made Jisaki think.

It sounds like the situation is much worse than it actually is...

But now for Jisaki, there is no way out.

"Even if it is a hard nut to crack, this is an agreement between me and Houlang Sang, Rong Jiang. The Jiudaohe Gray Cult branch must exist! Jiudaohe's grading system must also be cancelled!" Jisaki said firmly.

"But it's useless for you to tell me this." Zhou Xiang spread his hands helplessly.

At this time, Jisaki suddenly asked: "Teacher Zhou can't talk to each other in the Academic Affairs Office. What about other teachers?"

"Well..."

Zhou Xiang touched his chin: "My popularity is actually pretty good. There are many foreign teachers in Jiudaohe. I actually have a pretty good relationship with the foreign teachers."

"That's ok!" Jisaki became excited.

"What?" Zhou Xiang was puzzled.

"Join the Gray Cult! Teacher Zhou. You will be our ambassador. Let's recruit all these teachers into Gray Cult!"

"This..." Zhou Xiang was stunned: "This matter... I'm afraid I can't handle it."

"I have an offer that Teacher Zhou can't refuse."

Jisaki looked at Zhou Xiang seriously: "Classmate Zhou Ziyi! His leg! Rong Jiang said it can be cured!"





Chapter 1560 The Spiritual Guy


What no one expected was.

The news that Jisaki was expelled from school spread quickly within Jiudaohe School.

And the direction of the wind is very wrong. Almost all public opinions are showing a one-sided trend. Speak for Jisaki.

As a student union president who is enthusiastic, positive, has excellent academic performance and is willing to provide quality services to students. He was threatened with expulsion from school just because he joined a literary exchange club.

No matter how you hear this matter, it seems to be a problem with the Academic Affairs Department.

Condemnation over this incident spread almost overnight on the Internet.

"No matter how excellent the results are, what's the use of a school that doesn't respect its students!"

"Ah! How cute little Jiucai is! When I graduated from Jiudaohe, I elected him as the president of the student union. Why did you let him drop out of school? Isn't this cutting off Jiucai!"

"You don't understand! Jiudaohe is now a foreign-funded school. It is actually controlled by a foreign cultivation education institution. The Jiugong family actually has no control at all! The root of Jiudaohe is rotten. It is completely rotten!"

...

The rhythm of the Internet mainly revolves around the above points.

Ueki Kimisan, director of the Academic Affairs Office of Jiudaohe, saw this overwhelming public opinion. He was so angry that he felt cold on the spot. He didn't know what was going on in the world.

It is not easy to create such a momentum of condemnation overnight.

Among them, there are two main aspects that are adding fuel to the flames.

On the one hand, Sun Rong, Jisaki planned and organized Gray Cult believers to help Jisaki guide online public opinion.

On the other hand, Teacher Zhou Xiang, who accepted the conditions, set the pace for Jiudaohe's teaching team.

A two-pronged approach was taken from both students and teachers. This matter spread immediately.

Yes. Ueki Kimisan miscalculated once again.

He underestimated the current overall strength of Gray Cult.

After the Rainbow Seven Gang was conquered, the entire student union and all the students who were dissatisfied with the Jiudaohe grading system, as long as they had excellent Chinese scores, almost all have joined the Jiudaohe Gray Cult branch...

In addition, the promotional video on Station B has the effect of fueling the situation.

For a time, many people were very interested in this student organization, which was established with the original purpose of literary exchange.

Sometimes, as long as public opinion rises, it is very easy to follow the trend.

There are already many people on the Internet who adapt to the changing circumstances. Since everyone has said yes, it is always right to follow suit.

If everyone is criticizing the same person or the same thing, then there seems to be no harm in following the trend and stimulating Zaun's blood.

Saturday, December 19th. Sun Island’s national college student ranking closed-door competition has not officially started yet.

Jiudaohe Student Union Office. Jisaki is already crazy busy here.

Jisaki and Ma Jiao have been in the office since early morning and have not gone out.

Because more and more people are applying to join Gray Cult.

Some students and teachers from other schools submitted their transcripts...

For a time, the Jiudaohe Gray Cult branch became boiling again.

In a few days, the Jiudaohe Gray Cult branch has grown from nothing to now.

This is something Jisaki never expected.

Facing the increasing number of Gray Cult believers, Jisaki naturally felt the pressure doubled.

In the past few days, the leader of Sun Rong has been guiding him. It will have to wait until the Number 60 High School group returns next week... Jisaki began to feel an inexplicable irritability and anxiety in his heart.

In fact, Wang Ling had already anticipated this.

After these days of comprehensive inspection of Jisaki.

Wang Ling thinks Jisaki is a person with good character.

He didn't have much to offer, so he inspired Sun Rong to give something to Jisaki in her name as a gift.

So that day, Jisaki was in the office looking at the dense roster of believers on the computer. His hair was falling out.

Sun Rong came to the office with the gift inspired by Wang Ling.

"This was given to me by Rong Jiang." Jisaki showed an expression of disbelief.

"You've worked hard these days. It's just a little thought. This is a memory pillowcase. It fits all pillows. It has strong elasticity. Sleeping on it can help you clear your mind."

"Wow. This material is very comfortable to touch...it must be expensive." Jisaki sighed.

"Actually, it's not a big deal. Just like it." Sun Rong smiled awkwardly.

Of course she knew the pillowcase was excellent.

If Wang Ling hadn't personally asked her to send it here. How could she dare to take credit?

This is something that classmate Wang Ling personally enlightened... If you modify it casually, it will be a priceless treasure.

There are so many people in this world who can only dream of it.

"Is Houlang Sang going to compete with the team soon?"

"Yes. We're leaving soon. The competition starts at three o'clock this afternoon. I'm going to make preparations as well." Sun Rong said with a smile.

"Okay. Rong Jiang! Houlang Sang, please come on! I will watch the live broadcast and get gifts!"

"Yeah!" Sun Rong nodded. Then he said goodbye to Jisaki.

"Congratulations to the leader!"

Looking at the girl's retreating back, Jisaki held the pillowcase in his hand and bowed to Sun Rong with great excitement.

"..."

I don’t know why. Sun Rong always feels like I have a sense of being possessed by Wuji, the Mingjiao sect.

But their Gray Cult. is obviously just a literary exchange club!

...

Sun Island’s national high school ranking closed-door competition is about to begin.

Jisaki's side is busy recruiting newcomers. Wang Ling's side is waiting to win the championship. And the remaining domestic side, Zhuo Yi and Jiugong Liangzi, are also working hard to treat Zhou Xiang's son's leg. Things.

This time in Jiudaohe. Zhou Xiang took the lead in hacking Ueki Kimisan in the teaching team. It is estimated that it will be found out soon.

He originally chose this high-paying career to work abroad to pay for the medical expenses for his son's leg treatment.

Now that the treatment for the leg has been settled, it doesn't matter to Zhou Xiang that the next step is to break the pot.

Besides. He has put up with Ueki Kimisan for a long time!

If he hadn't always looked out for his son's face, Zhou Xiang felt that he might have fought tooth and nail with Ueki Kimisan.

"This is it."

Zhuo Yi drove to Zhou Xiang's home with Jiugong Liangzi.

This is an old-fashioned Xiuzhen residential area. It is very old. Although it is in Songhai City, it is rare to see this kind of courtyard-style building in the city center.

Jiugong Liangzi wore a black cloak and simply changed his appearance.

Because now Sun Rong is competing on her behalf.

In order to cooperate with Sun Rong's performance there, Jiugong Liangzi simply asked for leave from school these days and did not go to school.

What Jiugong Liangzi didn't expect the most was.

These days, she actually lives in Zhuo Yi's house...

She was indeed deceived by Zhuo Yi. It was said that she wanted to fulfill her obligations and responsibilities as a bodyguard.

Although the man next to her didn't do anything to her.

But Jiugong Liangzi still had some strange feelings in his heart.

"Excuse me, is classmate Zhou Ziyi at home?" In front of the courtyard, Zhuo Yi knocked on the very old-fashioned rivet door.

The red paint on it has peeled off. It looks old.

Zhuo Yi pushed the door gently and found that the slot inside the door was loose. It was not completely locked.

"Is there anyone there?" he and Jiugong Liangzi asked as they entered the courtyard.

Before coming to see Zhou Ziyi. Zhuo Yi actually imagined many scenes.

He originally thought he would see a young man pushing a wheelchair out, carrying a weak body and living in despair.

As a result, not long after he finished speaking, he heard a hearty shout from inside: "Come on, come on!"

Above the eaves, the boy without legs was standing upside down. He was skillfully supporting his body with his arms instead of his feet.

Flying over the walls all the way. Then he handsomely completed a 360-degree full-body pirouette in the air.

At the end, there was a "bang" sound. My head hit the ground and made a hole on the spot...

"Classmate Zhou, it's not the New Year yet. There's no need to give this big gift." Zhuo Yi showed an awkward yet polite smile.

"Do you feel any pain?" Jiugong Liangzi wanted to go up and help him.

As a result, Zhou Ziyi scratched his head and climbed up with support on his body: "It's okay, it's okay. I'm a energetic guy!"

Zhuo Yi: "A spirited young man..."

Apart from losing my legs, I also have some mental problems...





Chapter 1561 Zhou Ziyi’s Legs


It was a very old-fashioned house. But after careful observation, both Zhuo Yi and Jiugong Liangzi found that the layout inside was very orderly.

The flowers and plants in the courtyard are growing extremely well. Each of them blooms with their floral fragrance to show their beauty.

It is obvious that they are taken very good care of every day.

"Do you usually take care of these flowers and plants?" Zhuo Yi looked at the blooming flowers and couldn't help but ask.

"Yes. It was also a task assigned to me by my father before he went to Sun Island. He only has these hobbies. He is so busy outside because of my affairs. I don't dare to keep his things to death."

"You and your father have such a good relationship."Zhuo Yi sighed: "I thought you would hate your father."

"Why should I hate my father?" Zhou Ziyi laughed: "My leg was broken originally. It was not his fault. It was just an accident. He has been running around for my leg all these years. I have seen it all. ."

As he spoke, Zhou Ziyi suddenly turned around and glanced at Zhuo Yi: "By the way! I want to ask. Are you really Zhuo Yi?"

As he spoke, Zhou Ziyi suddenly turned around and glanced at Zhuo Yi: "By the way! I want to ask, are you really Zhuo Yi?"

"No. It's nothing..."

Zhou Ziyi quickly turned around and continued to use his arms and palms to replace his legs. He led the person into the front of the main hall.

Before entering the door, Zhou Ziyi paused: "Wait a minute, I won't go in! I'll let you in before you come in!"

"You are an old man. What else is shameful about you?"

Zhuo Yi suddenly laughed again. Before coming here, he had already learned about Zhou Ziyi's situation.

I also know what it is that makes Zhou Ziyi feel nervous and wants to hide it.

Zhou Ziyi's face turned red. She couldn't help but step back.

In fact, he is a little fan of Zhuo Yi. And he is the kind of person who has admired him for a long time.

Ever since he lost his legs in an accident when he was very young, the story of Zhuo Yi has become all his hope for success.

Now that I see this deity appearing, I am certainly filled with emotion.

Zhou Ziyi never dreamed that Zhuo Yi would pay attention to herself.

"Nothing to be embarrassed about. These are all men."

Squatting down. Zhuo Yi pinched Zhou Ziyi's dark face.

Sure enough, the little guy's face was as solid as he imagined.

Jiugong Liangzi looked at this scene and felt a little uncomfortable in his heart.

But when I thought about Zhou Ziyi's current situation, I still endured it.

At the same time, she also felt naive about her own thoughts.

The object of my aid is still my little fan. This fact makes people feel that Zhou Ziyi is very cute.

The key is. Zhou Ziyi is a man.

She was actually upset about a boy just now?

At this moment, Jiugong Liangzi's heart was extremely complicated.

She didn't think her thoughts were "jealous". Rather, she was simply sick...

It's all because I have been too close to Zhuo Yi these days. It has led her astray!

"Then come in...but don't laugh at me!" Zhou Ziyi thought carefully. He felt that what Zhuo Yi said made sense, so he boldly stepped aside.

When Zhuo Yi pushed open the door and entered the living room of the Zhou family's residence, the scene in front of him instantly stunned him.

The entire living room. The right half of the wall is filled with carefully cut news newspapers. All of them are news related to him!

Zhuo Yi I thought that the oldest news would be from six years ago when he defeated Tuntian Ha...

But in fact, Zhou Ziyi paid attention to his timeline for longer than this.

Even the news that he received second-class and third-class merit in the army. Zhou Ziyi actually paid attention to it.

The wall on the right has many posters about Zhuo Yi. There are promotional posters, magazine covers and some movie posters that Zhuo Yi has starred in after becoming famous.

Of course, the most outrageous thing is not what is on the left and right walls.

It's the altar table at the front of the main hall...

The person on the altar table is none other than Zhuo Yi's gold-plated commemorative figure of the Cultivation Hero.

There are three electronic candles placed on the left and right doves of the figure.

In front of the figures, there are piles of tributes. There are peaches, bananas, and a whole braised pig head...

Jiugong Liangzi looked at this scene and tried not to laugh out loud.

Zhuo Yi was being provided for at home. This was something she had not expected at all.

"Are you happy? Are you touched?"

Jiugong Liangzi now wants to ask Zhuo Yi this question.

She was an outsider. Naturally, she only found it funny.

But Zhuo Yi is different.

To be honest, when he saw all this, he was deeply touched in his heart.

A child who lost his legs at a very young age was not defeated by such an ordeal. Instead, he was able to live a brave and optimistic life.

In a sense, Zhuo Yi feels that Zhou Ziyi possesses a kind of courage that ordinary children do not have.

Just like him six years ago, he still showed his spiritual sword and rushed to the front line even though he knew he was outmatched.

Zhuo Yi thought he would laugh out loud. But in fact, after seeing all this, he was moved and more respectful.

He stepped forward in a few steps, took the incense on the table, and lit it with the spiritual flames separated by his fingertips. Then he bowed to his figure. Then with infinite emotion in his heart, he firmly inserted the three incense sticks. On the incense burner.

This scene made Jiugong Liangzi and Zhou Ziyi completely unable to bear it.

The two of them burst into laughter in unison.

"..."

Zhuo Yi rolled his eyes. He didn't know whether to laugh or cry: "You told me not to laugh. You actually smile brightly."

Zhou Ziyi wiped his tears: "This... Mr. Zhuo, you can't blame me! I do respect you! But how can you worship yourself! This is too funny!"

Zhuo Yi lifted Zhou Ziyi with one hand. He straightened Zhou Ziyi as if he was carrying a little chicken, and then directly lifted him up.

Zhou Ziyi's face turned red instantly: "Mr. Zhuo, please put me down quickly..."

Zhuo Yi neatly placed the boy on his shoulder on the chair next to him. Immediately, he and Jiugong Liangzi found chairs and sat down.

The person he had admired for a long time was suddenly picked up and placed on a chair. Zhou Ziyi had a feeling that he had no reaction until he landed on the chair.

He has no shortage of care, because he knows that his father is the person who cares about him the most in this world.

Although Zhou Xiang works abroad all year round.

But their father and son's hearts have always been connected.

He worked hard to learn to be well-behaved and strong. He lived a positive life even without legs.

But at the moment when Zhuo Yi just picked him up.

He suddenly felt that there was a very powerful backer behind him.

"Mr. Zhuo..." Zhou Ziyi had mixed feelings. She was also very excited. She didn't know what to say.

At this time, Zhuo Yi stared at Zhou Ziyi. He smiled and said, "Don't call me Mr. Zhuo. It's weird. You are a student of Jian Shen College. Speaking of which, I am also your senior."

"Senior?"

"When I was studying at Number 60 High School, I was fortunate enough to study at Jian Shen Academy for a while. But that was a long time ago." Zhuo Yi said: "From now on, you can just call me senior. "

"So that's what it is."

Zhou Ziyi's eyes lit up. His face was filled with happiness: "Good senior!"

"Next let's talk about your legs." Zhuo Yi said.

"My dad said, you can install the latest smart prosthesis for me. Is this true? That thing is so valuable... It is said that one costs 100 million."

"Hundreds of millions of smart prosthetics?"

Zhuo Yi raised his eyebrows. He sighed and said, "I think your father may have misunderstood something."

"Let me just say...my dad thinks too much. One hundred million legs per leg. It's not my turn." Zhou Ziyi showed a somewhat bitter smile.

"No, classmate Zhou. Why don't you understand yet?"

At this time, Zhuo Yi said: "Although smart prosthetics are good, they are actually not as useful as real legs."

"This...could it be a real leg transplant..." Zhou Ziyi was shocked: "But the doctor has already said that my leg has passed the best period for transplantation."

"Transplantation is too low. I can also do this surgery. If you want a transplant, I can help you become Urgot. A few more legs will be fine."

1(League of Legends champion with multiple mechanical legs.)"..." .

"What I'm talking to you about now is not a prosthetic limb, let alone a so-called transplant."

At this time Zhuo Yi raised his head and stared at the young man in front of him seriously: "Let your legs grow back! Have you seen the flowers and plants in your yard? This broken leg can also be planted. of."





Chapter 1562 A promising young man


Replanting from a broken leg.

This is an extremely clever method.

Of course...this is not originally a technical capability possessed by cultivators on earth today.

At present, the method of continuation on earth still uses substitute materials. For example, things like spiritual lotus root.

However, it is only used for cultivators whose physical bodies have been seriously destroyed. They use spiritual lotus roots to create a fake physical body, and then graft their soul into it.

This is an extremely sophisticated surgery. However, because the medical expenses are extremely expensive, it is not something that ordinary cultivators can afford.

It's a project for the rich.

The advantages and disadvantages of lotus root body are very obvious.

Because it is too brittle, people who have been put into the lotus body are particularly vulnerable to damage. They should avoid strenuous exercise.

Even flying with a sword is risky. Because Lotus Root Man's body is very light. If the sword is too fast, it will easily turn over.

Even the Sword Controller has problems. Let’s not talk about multiplayer sports.

So in the final analysis, whether it is those substitute materials or Zhenren tissue transplanted from others.

It is still far less useful than the original flesh on my body.

With the level of cultivation on Earth, it is still not yet ready for mature leg-breeding technology. However, this technology is actually very mature on Heavenly Dao.

Ever since Wang Ling gave the following power to several wealthy families on Heavenly Dao planet, the top ten families on Heavenly Dao planet had no time to curry favor with them.

The young couple Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi have become messengers of communication between the Office of Strategic Deception and the Heavenly Dao star.

The task of Wang Ling over there has just been assigned. Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi have already obtained the "method of growing legs".

In fact, it is not much different from basic planting. You only need to make a hole in the incomplete part, then stuff the seeds in, and finally sew it up.

All that's left is to bask in the sun every day and wait for the legs to grow.

Of course. In order to ensure that the broken leg can grow smoothly, the nutrition of the body also needs to be ensured.

This process is equivalent to "fertilizing". But there is actually no need to soak the missing parts in fertilizer.

That would be too harsh.

You just need to keep eating to replenish your nutrients.

Zhuo Yi came here this time. After seeing Zhou Ziyi's condition, I actually felt very relieved.

He was worried that the young man would have a heavy psychological burden.

Now seeing Zhou Ziyi's cheerful and optimistic look, this worry has obviously been dispelled.

On the other hand, he also had to observe Zhou Ziyi's specific injuries.

The leg at the elbow cuts exactly one-third of the way to the thigh.

In other words, part of the thigh is still there. It doesn't mean that the lower body has completely disappeared...

Otherwise you'd have to plant the center leg. It's more trouble than it's worth.

"Your condition is not bad. I think as long as you take good care of yourself, according to the proportion of your head and body, you will definitely be able to grow two long legs." Zhuo Yi said with his chin raised.

"Is it really possible..." Zhou Ziyi was doubtful.

"You have to be confident. Classmate Zhou." Zhuo Yi encouraged.

"..."

...

The implant surgery is actually very quick. However, in order to ensure that Zhou Ziyi's physical nutrition can be carefully supplemented and taken care of during the implantation period.

Zhuo Yi decided here. Bring Zhou Ziyi home to help with the treatment.

This is a task assigned by Wang Ling. As an apprentice, he must complete it.

And the most important thing is that although Zhou Ziyi is 16 years old, he has a baby face. He looks like a child.

In terms of age difference, when Zhuo Yi made this decision, I actually felt like an "old father" in my heart.

"Ah! Senior Zhuo wants me to go to the senior's home?"

After learning about Zhuo Yi's decision, Zhou Ziyi looked surprised: "But what about the flowers and plants in my yard..."

"I have a friend named Immortal Toya. This time your implant surgery will be performed by him. And your flowers and plants will also be taken care of by his two apprentices."

Zhuo Yi smiled and said: "His two disciples usually take care of the flowers on an entire island. The few pots in your yard are too simple for them."

"But wouldn't this be too much trouble?" Zhou Ziyi frowned.

He was like a mirror in his heart. He clearly knew that his behavior would cause Zhuo Yi a lot of trouble.

Although Zhou Ziyi has a broken leg, because of her cheerful personality, she is still very good at interpersonal communication.

Zhou Ziyi already understood this skill of observing words and emotions at a very young age.

The reason for his concerns is not just because he doesn't want to trouble Zhuo Yi.

More importantly, he felt that the girl following Zhuo Yi now would eat him alive...

After thinking for a while, Zhou Ziyi raised his head and looked at Zhuo Yi. He changed his name by the way: "Brother Zhuo."

"This is a good title. It sounds more friendly than senior."

Zhuo Yi nodded with satisfaction. He squatted down and looked at the young man in front of him patiently: "You can tell me whatever you have in mind."

"I know Brother Zhuo is doing it for my own good. But it's really inconvenient for me to go there..." Zhou Ziyi buried his head, as if he had been holding it in for a long time. Finally, he suddenly raised his head and mustered up the courage to say: "Because I I don’t want to be a light bulb!"

"Light bulb?"

"My sister-in-law would mind if I lived there!" Zhou Ziyi looked at Zhuo Yi.

After saying this, Zhuo Yi burst out laughing on the spot.

Looking back at Jiugong Liangzi behind Zhuo Yi, she obviously didn't expect Zhou Ziyi to suddenly mention this. She stamped her feet shyly on the spot: "Who is your sister-in-law!"

Then, he quickly left the living room with a red face.

Zhuo Yi was extremely happy.

The more he looked at Zhou Ziyi, the more he liked her.

This young man has a future!

Know how to observe words and emotions!

But there was one thing that Zhuo Yi was a little confused about. So he still asked: "I seem to have never told you. She is your sister-in-law, right? Why do you think so?"

"Ah? It turns out that's not the case. It seems that I was abrupt...I'm sorry, Brother Zhuo."

Zhou Ziyi scratched the back of his head in embarrassment: "I'm actually very sensitive to smells. I actually felt it when you came in. The shampoo and body wash you use all have the same smell. It means you guys Two people living together."

"Then we live together. Maybe she is my sister, right?" Zhuo Yi laughed.

"No! It can't be my sister's! The way my sister-in-law looks at Brother Zhuo is obviously different... How can a sister be jealous?" Zhou Ziyi whispered.

"Do you think she's jealous?"

"Kind of..."

Zhou Ziyi nodded: "But... is she my sister-in-law..."

Zhuo Yi rubbed Zhou Ziyi's head. He smiled coldly and said, "Don't worry. It will be over soon. And your first priority now is to go back with me to plant legs."

"But..."

"There is nothing good about it. There is no road in this world. When you have legs, you have a road. And when you have a road, you have legs. Only then can you widen the road."

"..."

The logic of these words was so strong that Zhou Ziyi could not refute it.





Chapter 1563 1 family of 3


On the way back, Jiugong Liangzi was sitting in the passenger seat. From time to time, he looked through the rearview mirror at the excited Zhou Ziyi.

She keenly noticed that Zhou Ziyi's eyes had been falling on Zhuo Yi since she got in the car.

"Don't you always think that the passenger seat is not spacious enough? Why do you want to sit next to me?"

Not long after setting off. Zhuo Yi laughed suddenly.

He looked straight ahead without squinting. He only used his peripheral vision to glance at the girl with her arms folded and her head slightly raised, looking like a black swan.

"I can sit wherever I want. Hum." Jiugong Liangzi turned and looked out the window. Her eyes never stopped. She stared thoughtfully at Zhou Ziyi in the back seat through the reflection in the window.

To be honest, she doesn't hate Zhou Ziyi.

Even after I first came into contact with Zhou Ziyi, I deeply admired Zhou Ziyi's courage to smile and face life.

But she didn't know why. Her eyes kept falling on Zhuo Yi when she looked at Zhou Ziyi. She just felt uncomfortable.

She knew very well that that look was definitely not a look of love... but purely out of admiration for her idol.

But no matter how she tried to convince herself, Jiugong Liangzi still felt as if there was always air blocking her cardiovascular system, making it impossible for her to calm down.

Ever since she hired a bodyguard like Zhuo Yi, she found that she began to become more and more... abnormal...

Zhuo Yi held both hands on the steering wheel. He couldn't help but smile as he stared at the sulking girl beside him.

Liangzi is so cute...

This is a girl who can't hide her temper. She thinks she is very mature, but in fact, she has already written all her inner thoughts on her face.

The idea of bringing Zhou Ziyi back to live with Zhuo Yi was actually finalized early on.

On the one hand, it is to better complete the task of Wang Ling. On the other hand, it is also to stimulate Jiugong Liangzi.

He has figured out the girl's temper quite clearly these days.

If Zhou Ziyi were a girl, I'm afraid she would have started to get angry by now.

It is precisely because Zhou Ziyi is a boy and a disabled person that this girl can't say a word now.

Even if you are a little jealous, you can also sulk on your own.

To be jealous of a boy. And he's also a disabled person...

For Jiugong Liangzi, it would be too futile to talk about this matter.

"I'll cook tonight. Make some home-cooked food."

After driving for a while, Zhuo Yi held the steering wheel and began to try to break the deadlock in the car.

Zhou Ziyi knows how to observe words and emotions. He also knows that Jiugong Liangzi is actually unhappy.

But in this situation, he himself didn't dare to say anything. Just shutting up was the best choice.

Zhuo Yi It is impossible for Zhou Ziyi to be embarrassed alone. It is his duty to adjust the atmosphere.

"Ziyi. Do you have a favorite dish?" Zhuo Yi asked.

"I. I'm not picky about food... just follow my brother and sister-in-law to eat." Zhou Ziyi felt a little embarrassed.

After he said this, he instinctively wanted to see Jiugong Liangzi's reaction. The strange thing was that the girl in the passenger seat didn't make any movement.

The girl had clearly tried her best to deny this relationship when she was at his home.

As a result, for a moment, it felt like a default.

Zhuo Yi glanced at her from the corner of her eye and closed her eyes. The girl who seemed to have fallen asleep curled her lips: "Your sister-in-law is asleep."

As soon as he finished speaking, the corners of Jiugong Liangzi's lips twitched obviously.

"Oh. It turns out that my sister-in-law is asleep..." Zhou Ziyi looked like she suddenly realized something. Her performance was extremely exaggerated.

Zhuo Yi couldn't help but chuckle.

Zhou Ziyi is smarter than he thought this time.

He actually guessed that Jiugong Liangzi was pretending to sleep.

However, he did not expose it directly. Instead, prompted by Zhuo Yi's eyes, he continued to cooperate with the next performance.

"Just tell me what you want to eat, Ziyi. Anyway, your sister-in-law is asleep. You won't mind." Zhuo Yi said in a lowered voice.

Zhou Ziyi understood and quickly lowered his voice.

The scene between the two of them at this time really looked like they were lowering their voices to take care of the sleeping Jiugong Liangzi.

In fact, the sound was not too low. The space in the car was only so big. Jiugong Liangzi could still hear it clearly.

"What does sister-in-law usually like to eat..."

"Your sister-in-law is afraid of getting fat. She likes to eat light food. But in fact, she is afraid of eating too light food and not being able to supplement her nutrition."

Zhuo Yi looked at Jiugong Liangzi's flat mouse pad and said, "Actually, her favorite dishes are spicy chicken and Maoxuewang."

(Duck's blood, beef and tripe in spicy soup.) "So that's what it is."

Zhou Ziyi smiled. His eyes were full of envy: "Hey. That's great!"

"Hasn't Ziyi ever had a girlfriend?" Zhuo Yi asked.

"I'm a disabled person. How can anyone look up to me?" Zhou Ziyi shrugged helplessly: "Those teachers and classmates in school take care of me. At least they do a good job on the surface. But there are always discussions in private. of."

"What did they say about you?"

"emm... I was told how a disabled person managed to get into Jian Shen College. It was probably something like that."

"You're not angry?"

"This is nothing to be angry about."

Zhou Ziyi said: "Sometimes many people don't want to listen to your excuses. They just enjoy the pleasure of arguing with you."

"That makes sense."

Zhuo Yi was secretly surprised by Zhou Ziyi's maturity: "Your sister-in-law often quarrels with me at home."

"You two are in different situations. When a couple quarrels at the end of the bed, does it end at the end of the bed? The more arguments there are, the better the relationship is." Zhou Ziyi said.

when he speaks.

Always observe Jiugong Liangzi's expression.

During this brief conversation, he called her sister-in-law one after another. The corners of Jiugong Liangzi's mouth and eyes kept twitching as he spoke "sister-in-law"...

Even Zhou Ziyi became curious. How long can Jiugong Liangzi last?

But the truth is, you can never wake someone who is pretending to sleep.

As long as Jiugong Liangzi doesn't want to wake up, I'm afraid it won't matter if their next topic is a little more "excessive".

How embarrassing it would be if I woke up and refuted it now...

And Zhuo Yi obviously noticed this. He started to suddenly increase the firepower with the accelerator under his feet.

"Ziyi." At this time, Zhuo Yi suddenly said.

"What's wrong with Brother Zhuo?" Zhou Ziyi understood and asked cooperatively.

The two immediately started singing and chatting.

"I was just thinking. If I got married earlier, would my son be about the same age as you?"

"Pfft." Zhou Ziyi couldn't hold back and laughed out loud on the spot: "Brother Zhuo wants to be my father? Godfather?"

"Godfather or something. That's too much. I think, I can be your master. Once a master, always a father."

"Then I will be your son from now on?"

"If you were my son, then the person next to you now would not be your sister-in-law. We are a standard family of three in this car now."

"A family of three...I understand!"

Zhou Ziyi bowed on the spot and bowed to Jiugong Liangzi in the passenger seat: "Greetings, mother!"

At this time, Jiugong Liangzi opened his eyes suddenly, clenched his two small fists tightly together, and shouted: "Who is your mother!"

she!

I can't stand it anymore...

What the hell is this!

The more you say it, the more outrageous it becomes...





Chapter 1564 Wang Ming’s charging method


"Yes, Master. I have brought back classmate Ziyi. He is a very obedient and sensible child. He has a very good temper with me."

"In addition, Immortal Toya will come to your home tomorrow to perform the surgery."

"Anyway, Master, please don't worry about Ziyi's situation."

"All those who were under surveillance near classmate Zhou's home were arrested. None of them were let go."

"Keorn of the Office of Strategic Deception has already used his previous connections in Mixiu Country to simultaneously take action against the foreign-funded companies that interfered with Jiudaohe. I believe there will be results in the near future."

"In addition, there is one more thing, Master... I want to..."

"Forget it. Master, let's get busy first. After Master returns to China, I will go to your door and tell Master in person."

...

Zhou Ziyi never thought that one day she would be like this.

You can go to Zhuo Yi's home to live for a period of time.

In this world, there are two men he admires most.

The first person he respected was his father.

And the second one is Zhuo Yi.

The former is his life support. The latter is his spiritual support.

When we were in the car earlier, he and Zhuo Yi cooperated seamlessly and had a tacit understanding.

For a moment, Zhou Ziyi really felt like Zhuo Yi's apprentice.

However, Zhou Ziyi also knows it very well.

Being Zhuo Yi's apprentice may be a luxury.

Just a joke.

Seriously. He loses.

After returning to the apartment. Zhuo Yi In fact, it can be clearly noticed that Zhou Ziyi's mood seems to be slightly lower than before.

He knew what was going on in the little guy's head.

Actually, what I just said in the car was not all a joke.

Zhuo Yi also has its own plans.

But recruiting disciples is a big deal after all.

Zhuo Yi cannot just accept it.

Therefore, this matter ultimately requires the nod of Wang Ling.

Zhuo Yi was wearing an apron and cutting vegetables in the kitchen. At this moment, he suddenly stuck his head out and took the initiative to talk to Zhou Ziyi: "Zi Yi, can you come over and help me?"

"Of course!" Zhou Ziyi, who was originally distracted, readily agreed.

"Can you chop vegetables?"

Zhuo Yi moved a chair so that Zhou Ziyi could stand firmly on it.

"Can."

Zhou Ziyi nodded. Even though he lost both legs, his ability to take care of himself is still very strong.

Usually when Zhou Ziyi is at home alone, she cooks by herself.

"Shred or dice?"

"Cut the cucumber into shreds, dice the radish, and chop the pepper over there. Then help me peel it."

"good."

"Young man is very capable." Zhuo Yi praised.

Zhou Ziyi's cheeks turned red.

He felt that he was hopeless.

Just a simple compliment will make him feel happy.

Jiugong Liangzi hugged the pillow and looked in the direction of the kitchen.

The look in Zhou Ziyi's eyes was slightly hostile.

Earlier in the car, this little guy "teased" her with Zhuo Yi United Front. She wrote down this account...

Jiugong Liangzi pressed the remote control. On the surface, he pretended that nothing happened, but in his heart he was very irritable.

I didn’t watch any programs.

When the program jumped to the "TV Drama Channel", a very familiar line came out: "What you lost was just two legs. But what she lost was love!"

Jiugong Liangzi: "..."

Zhou Ziyi: "..."

Zhuo Yi: "..."

...

At the same time, on the other side, the Jiudaohe National Closed-door Competition for College Students is finally about to begin.

The prize for the first place is one million Sun Island coins.

Converted into Huaxiu's Chinese currency. According to the exchange rate, it is approximately equal to more than 60,000.

This bonus may not seem like much to others, but it is particularly important to Wang Ling.

The players who can be shortlisted for this competition as delegations from each school. Their overall strength and family conditions are not too bad.

Except for Wang Ling, almost no one goes there for the bonus.

Personal honor and school honor are more important.

Jiudaohe Academic Affairs Office Ueki Kimisan is worried about the public opinion that started to erupt today.

There was a vague suspicion in his mind. He knew who was behind the scenes...

"Zhou Xiang..." Ueki Kimisan thought about it. This was the only person he could think of.

To untie the bell, one must tie the bell. If this matter is to be reversed in public opinion, I am afraid that the only way is to ask Zhou Xiang to make concessions and speak for the Academic Affairs Office.

For this reason, Ueki Kimisan was actually well prepared.

As the phone rang. Ueki Kimisan finally waited for the signal to take action.

"Are you all ready?"

"very good..."

"Then, let's invite Teacher Zhou Xiang to my office. It's time to talk to him."

...

Zhou Xiang actually didn't expect that Ueki Kimisan would find him so quickly.

But this time, his confidence was different. In the past, his biggest worry was his son.

Now. Zhou Ziyi's problem has been completely solved.

He has nothing to fear anymore.

After being connected by Miss Sun, the resources his son will enjoy in the future are probably something Ueki Kimisan would never have imagined in his wildest dreams.

And now behind Zhou Xiang, Huaguo Shui Lian Group and the Office of Strategic Deception have joined forces to support him.

One is a large-scale elixir consortium with a worldwide reputation. The other is a super sect that has emerged in recent years, is backed by an official background, and is recognized globally.

After he returns to China this time, he will also be directly hired by the Office of Strategic Deception. He will go to the Office of Strategic Deception to teach Chinese.

That salary is twenty times higher than the price offered by Jiudaohe.

Not only that...

The person in charge of the connection at the Office of Strategic Deception also promised that he would be given a special mountain top to teach him. In addition to teaching Chinese courses, he would also pass on knowledge about the history of cultivation.

This is a course specially opened for children who have no talent but want to contribute to the cause of human cultivation.

It's not just the Office of Strategic Deception. Other schools actually have similar courses and teachers who specialize in this area of knowledge.

Cultivation is not just about improving your realm and knowing how to use various gorgeous spells and magic weapons.

Passing down the cultivation culture and historical heritage is also a very important part.

As far as the modern cultivator profession is concerned, those historical masters who have a certain reputation, even if their cultivation level is very low or even have no cultivation level, as long as they have made achievements in the history and culture of cultivation.

The treatment they receive is actually no worse than those of high-level cultivators.

The Office of Strategic Deception is a sect that has blossomed in all aspects. The Chinese language coursework and the history coursework have already been in the preparation process. It’s just that Zhou Xiang’s appearance just accelerated the process.

Of course. We can offer Zhou Xiang such conditions without any worries.

It's not just because he wants Zhou Xiang to make a decision to take sides as soon as possible.

It's Zhou Xiang himself. He is indeed a talent worthy of spending these resources.

Once again, we came to Ueki Kimisan's office. Zhou Xiang was obviously more confident.

He no longer bows his head like those social beasts. He keeps his head bowed to accept all kinds of contemptuous looks from Ueki Kimisan.

After entering the office, he sat directly on the sofa with his legs crossed, looking fearless.

This move surprised both Ueki Kimisan and Holland, the board member of the foreign-owned group next to him.

Ueki Kimisan immediately sneered: "Teacher Zhou, are you already planning to break the pot?"

He obviously didn't ask anything. Zhou Xiang actually showed such an attitude in front of him.

This gave Ueki Kimisan the answer to his doubts.

"You secretly spread a religious organization that is not in line with the school's culture... and you are suspected of illegally spreading religious beliefs! According to the laws of this country, you can be detained!" Ueki Kimisan threatened.

"Religious organization?" Zhou Xiang couldn't help but laugh: "Gray Cult. Except for the word "religion", which is written the same as "religion", what else does it have to do with a religious organization? It is just a student literary club."

"Do you think your clever words are useful? Zhou Xiang!"

Ueki Kimisan snorted: "If you are criminally detained for breaking the law, you will also face dismissal from the school. Your income will be gone. What will your disabled son do? Have you ever thought about it?"

"So. You're threatening me with my son?"

At this time, Zhou Xiang could only lament his decisiveness in making the decision.

Fortunately, Jisaki found him in advance and expressed to him the willingness to cooperate between Huaguo Shui Lian Group and the Office of Strategic Deception...

Otherwise, he would really be under control like he is now.

His son is his destiny.

But now this biggest weakness has been completely solved.

Zhou Xiang: "Ueki Kimisan. You are indeed a sinister person. My son often tells me that someone is watching him when he sleeps at night. It should be the person you sent, right?"

Ueki Kimisan laughed: "Since you know my methods, I really don't know why you are still pretending to be tough here. Teacher Zhou Xiang, you can't do without the treatment Jiudaohe gives you..."

"Then you might as well make another call and ask if the people you sent to follow are still there." Zhou Xiang spread his hands indifferently.

Ueki Kimisan frowned slightly when he heard this.

He thought of Zhou Xiang's unusually tough performance today. For a moment, he was really worried about the situation over there.

Probably not...

Ueki Kimisan thought worriedly.

He clearly just had a phone call with the spy over there. He said that the situation over there has been brought under control.

At this moment, with a somewhat doubtful look, Ueki Kimisan called back again.

The person who answered the phone was none other than Zhuo Yi: "Hello Mr. Ueki Kimisan! Is there anything else? The situation is under control!"

Hearing this, Ueki Kimisan just realized that the accent of the person who answered the phone seemed wrong: "Your voice is not a voice I am familiar with..."

"I'm new here."

Zhuo Yi was cooking while replying: "I was on the phone with you just now."

"So the situation...is resolved?"

"Yes. Mr. Ueki. It's all solved."

"Then why Zhou Xiang..."

"But. It's your people who have been dealt with."

"?"

"My wife is waiting for me to cook. Don't disturb me if you have nothing to do."

"??"

Zhuo Yi smiled: "Oh, by the way. The few people you sent are now being held in Songhai City Number 1 Prison. If you don't believe it, just call and ask yourself. They are probably not guilty of espionage. I won't be able to get out for more than ten years."

"???"

At this point, the call is interrupted...

Ueki Kimisan hung up the phone and showed an expression of disbelief.

Damn it!

What on earth did this guy Zhou Xiang do...

"Who is supporting you..." Ueki Kimisan was shaking with anger.

This feeling of being teased made him furious. He stared at Zhou Xiang, with resentment in his eyes: "You think, even if you save your son, you can still leave this Sun Island alive."

"Why. Jiudaohe's Academic Affairs Office still plans to take action against me, a people's teacher?"

Zhou Xiang stood up, with a bit of joking on his face. He patted the dust on his pants and walked straight out the door: "If you want to do something to me, please feel free. But I would like to advise Teacher Ueki Kimisan. It's better to stop as soon as possible." Don't ask for trouble."

"How can you live without Jiudaohe?"

"How to live? he! tui!"

Zhou Xiang raised an eyebrow. His throat trembled. He left a spit on the floor of the Registrar's Office: "Resignation letter. I've already dropped it in the mailboxes of the Registrar's Office and the Principal's Office. You make me feel sick. "

"You wait for Zhou Xiang! I won't make it easy for you!" Ueki Kimisan stamped his feet angrily.

...

Dongfu City Football Stadium.

This time, the closed-door ranking competition for high school students from 100 universities across the country will be held here.

All delegations have their own waiting lounges.

Before the start of the game, Wang Ming reconfirmed the disposable Talisman on Wang Ling.

Talisman currently has 66 cards left in normal operation. He judged that it shouldn't be a problem to survive the game.

"If you feel something is wrong, just dodge first. Don't worry about anything, you know. I will use brain waves to clear the memories of everyone here." Wang Ming told Wang Ling.

Wang Ling: "..."

He discovered that since Wang Ming and Zhai Yin got close, this guy's brain waves have become more and more versatile.

But let me tell you something. Since confirming the relationship, Wang Ming's brain waves have indeed become much stronger than before.

Wang Ling speculates that this should be the result of men in love. Adrenal hormones and male hormones are constantly stimulated.

In addition, the effects of brain waves during the day and brain pad waves at night have made his useless brother become more powerful than before.

"Why do you look more nervous than Ling Ling?" Zhai Yin couldn't help laughing.

It's not a public place now. So she still maintains her original appearance.

Mainly because of the previous disguise of Sun Rong. All performances are too unnatural. It can almost be said to be full of loopholes.

So for the sake of safety, Zhai Yin discussed with Sun Rong. In a private setting, Zhai Yin should be himself... to adjust his mentality.

If it is Sun Rong's turn to come forward, Zhai Yin can use the magic weapon of dressing up to complete the disguise with one click.

"Of course I'm nervous! The main reason is that I'm afraid that Ling Ling will make a mistake. What if I accidentally use an extra billion points of power and wipe this Sun Island off the satellite map."

"Is it that exaggerated..."

"No, Yinzi. I want you to recharge my batteries..." Wang Ming took a deep breath. He hugged Zhai Yin's waist and rested his head on Zhai Yin's chest.

And this... is the legendary brain pad wave human body charger...

Sun Rong, who was pretending to be Jiugong Liangzi next to him, looked envious.

At this moment, Jisaki pushed in the door with Ohno Dankaede, Kongque and Hattori Zentetsu who were out to inquire for information.

"Everyone! Are you ready?"

Jisaki said: "The results of the draw just now have been decided. There are 100 delegations participating this time. The total number of people is 500. Half of them will be eliminated in the first round. According to the order, the Houlang Sang competition will start first. The person we are playing against is Sakai Kazuya from Kuwada High School."

"This last name sounds familiar?" Sun Rong frowned slightly.

"That's right! This Sakai Kazuya is actually the younger brother of Sakai Toyotoshi, the enemy who was forced to give away the purple cherry blossoms earlier."

Jisaki couldn't help laughing: "The key is in the afternoon. Sakai Kazuya also joined the Jiudaohe Gray Cult branch..."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 1565 It’s not necessary


Before the start of this competition, Sakai Kazuya actually debated for a long time whether to join Gray Cult.

His academic performance has always been very good. He has never made any mistakes. He is a child that makes his parents very worry-free.

As the second eldest child in the family, Sakai Kazuya, who is still young, has always been favored by the head of the Sakai family, Naru Sakai.

He is a standard "other people's child". He has grown up with all kinds of praises from childhood to adulthood.

However, just a dozen hours ago, everything seemed to have broken down with a cooperation contract signed by the Huaguo Shui Lian Group.

His trouble-loving eldest brother, Sakai Toyotoshi, suddenly gained his father's praise and favor.

This made Sakai Kazuya feel uncomfortable from beginning to end.

He was very clear about Sakai Toyotoshi's intelligence. With his elder brother's little thought, it was absolutely impossible for him to win the attention of the eldest lady of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group by relying on the pot of purple cherries.

So here comes the question. Who gave his eldest brother the idea?

Sakai Kazuya carefully analyzed the changes that had occurred in his elder brother, and finally came to the conclusion that everything was because of his elder brother's relationship with the Gray Cult.

It's obviously just a literary exchange organization. It can be so charming that it can cause a huge change in a person's IQ.

This forced Sakai Kazuya to examine the importance of Gray Cult.

Since there are benefits to joining Gray Cult, he can't lag behind...

Fortunately, his grades in cultural classes were excellent.

Sakai Kazuya joined the Jiudaohe Gray Cult branch at the speed of light with excellent results.

But what Sakai Kazuya didn't expect was that in today's game, the first person he drew was the legendary Houlang Sang...

So now, the situation is very clear.

Since as long as you comply with Houlang Sang's wishes, you can please the young lady.

You must lose the next game!

And not only do you have to lose. You also have to lose beautifully!

Lose so that others cannot see that you are cheating.

After this incident with Sakai Toyotoshi, Sakai Kazuya finally understood.

School honors are bullshit. He's got so many awards. He could have used it as wallpaper... It's not as good as Sakai Toyotoshi's luck in the end. A huge family profit.

"Father... Watch this... It's just to be a lickspittle... I can do it..."

Before going on stage, Sakai Kazuya felt very complicated.

But he was already prepared to lose to Wang Ling.

It is said that...

Certificates are valuable. Honors are even more valuable.

If you go the dog-licking route, you can throw away both.

...

Finally it was Wang Ling's turn to start the match with Sakai Kazuya.

Due to the nature of this closed-door match, video recording is prohibited throughout the venue.

No one could see what was going on inside.

However, Wang Ming was able to use brain waves to project the images inside through remote sensing into the minds of Sun Rong, Zhai Yin, Jisaki and others.

"Take it easy..." Zhai Yin was actually very worried about Wang Ming's condition.

The main reason is that I found that Wang Ming has become very excited in the past few days. I am worried that Wang Ming's brain will work too fast and cause an overheating reaction.

As a result, Wang Ming's expression turned out to be much calmer than he expected.

"Don't worry about me. I feel like my brain has improved a lot recently." Wang Ming said with a smile.

After all, after he got a girlfriend, he had a human brain-charging pad around him. The kind that charged for five minutes and lasted two hours of talk... was enough to make him feel refreshed.

The object of Wang Ling's first game. He is a member of Gray Cult.

This is actually good news.

As long as Sakai Kazuya isn't stupid, he won't be too desperate.

If it is to release water, it will actually be more beneficial to Wang Ling.

Because it can help Wang Ling save a lot of disposable Talisman. Advance to the next round.

However, in Jisaki's view, there are still technical difficulties in releasing the water.

Although it is a closed-door match, the referee is not a fool either...

In regular games, referee balls have built-in anti-match-fixing functions. It can be judged through the details of the battle whether the two people in the battle have a match-fixing phenomenon. This allows for intelligent evaluation.

If it is judged as match-fixing, both parties will be disqualified from the competition...

In other words, if Sakai Kazuya sincerely wants to lose, he must also deceive the referee.

Therefore, Jisaki is actually a little worried deep down in his heart: "Brother Xiaoer, if Sakai Kazuya doesn't act like him, Houlang Sang will be implicated."

"Don't worry about this. There will be no problem." Wang Ming smiled as always.

In fact, Wang Ming has already studied the form of refereeing match-fixing.

Before the start of each game, the referee's ball will be given priority through the system to automatically measure the combat power of both sides. The resulting value will be combined with the situation of the entire game to make a decision.

Generally speaking, if the side with the higher initial value loses to the side with the lower value, there is a 70% chance that the match is being faked.

Therefore, the judgment mechanism of this fake match is actually based on the initial numerical value.

Here. Wang Ling wants to win. Sakai Kazuya wants to lose.

And the initial value of Wang Ling is even under the "multiple seals" situation. Is it more than a trillion points higher than Sakai Kazuya?

Therefore, the basic determination of match-fixing was not established from the beginning.

Just go through the process normally.

At least. That’s what Wang Ling thought before officially meeting Sakai Kazuya...

...

In a fully enclosed independent martial arts arena. Wang Ling and Sakai Kazuya face to face.

Sakai Kazuya looked very nervous. The sweat on his cheeks had been rolling down since the beginning of the game. It continued to drip on the ground.

In the 200-square-meter room, there were six referee balls floating in the air, monitoring the battle from all directions.

"Six balls..."

Sakai Kazuya knows it very well.

If you want to fight against match-fixing, you must deceive these six referee balls.

Buzz!

As the six referee balls gradually unfolded in the void, the staggered psychic light rays unfolded.

Wang Ling and Sakai Kazuya both know it.

The initial basic combat strength determination is about to begin.

This is the key to determining whether there is suspicion of match-fixing.

"..."

Wang Ling looked into the void nonchalantly, waiting for the referee to make a decision.

On the other side, Sakai Kazuya's expression looked a little panicked.

He doesn't know what the combat power value of Wang Ling is.

Therefore, we dare not act rashly.

And. His main concern is

In case your combat power value is higher than Wang Ling.

Once you lose the game, it is very likely to be judged as a fake match, and you will be eliminated together with the Houlang Sang in front of you.

It would come to mind that there are many rumors about "mascot" about Wang Ling.

Sakai Kazuya became more and more afraid that his initial value judgment would really be higher than Wang Ling.

--We must not let this happen!

He Sakai Kazuya.

Houlang Sang must be carried to the finals!

So. After making up my mind.

Before Sakai Kazuya judged that the light was hitting him, he slapped himself hard on the forehead!

Poof! A large mouthful of blood came out of Sakai Kazuya's mouth in an exaggerated roar like a fountain.

For Sakai Kazuya, this was a helpless move.

Because he is worried that his initial value is higher than Wang Ling. So he can only adopt this method. Weaken himself through self-mutilation.

"..."

But Wang Ling feels that.

This move.

No need to...





Chapter 1566 The Never Impossible Fake Match


In the first round, Wang Ling won the victory effortlessly.

Mainly because Sakai Kazuya was too harsh on himself. He directly hit the divine spirit with one palm. After causing damage, he held on until the start of the game.

Wang Ling didn't even move. Sakai Kazuya was bleeding from all seven holes. He fell directly to the ground with a happy face.

However, this kind of self-mutilation behavior to please Sun Rong is not in Sun Rong's favor.

After Sakai Kazuya was carried away, Sun Rong immediately differentiated Aohai's sword energy and tracked it to treat Sakai Kazuya.

"He works so hard. Rongrong, why don't you do me a favor?" Wang Ming said with a smile in the independent spirit chat space.

"If everyone uses this method, then this shortcut is too easy." Sun Rong also had a helpless look on his face.

So to sum up the above.

Sakai Kazuya. After all, I paid by mistake...

Jiudaohe Academic Affairs Office. Ueki Kimisan remotely retrieved the footage of the closed-door match and projected it into the void of the office.

This is a method of stealing the picture captured by the referee ball into the image magic weapon through certain technical means, and then projecting it.

Ueki Kimisan hopes that Wang Ling loses. Naturally, everyone is paying attention to Wang Ling's battle.

"Sakai Kazuya from Kuwada High School lost like this." Holland, the foreign student next to him, looked very sad.

He has read the paper data about Wang Ling and Alcohol Kazuya. From a data perspective, Sakai Kazuya's attributes are better than Wang Ling in all aspects.

If even Sakai Kazuya loses, then Holland really can't think of any other possibility besides betraying him.

"I didn't expect that Sakai Kazuya could do such an amazing job. People in Gray Cult should not be underestimated." Ueki Kimisan was also shocked by Sakai Kazuya's self-injury operation of "weakening himself" before the start of the game.

For what purpose? To allow Sakai Kazuya to do this...

This incident puzzled both Ueki Kimisan and Holland.

"Can you find Houlang Sang's combat power analysis data?" Holland asked.

"I'm still trying to figure this out."

Ueki Kimisan said.

"Now it's just a matter of stealing the screen through the referee's ball. This is already a very dangerous operation."

"It will take some time to steal combat power data, Mr. Holland."

"Who will this Houlang Sang face off next?"

"He's still from Kuwada High School. His name is Akira Yonekura. But please don't worry, Mr. Holland, because this person is the one I arranged."

Ueki Kimisan laughed sinisterly: "To deal with such a stupid young man, it would be too boring just to let him lose the game. I want him to be ruined..."

"Akira Yonekura? I seem to have heard this name somewhere."

"This is a person on the Mixiu Country elite study list that I provided to the Ministry of Foreign Investment earlier. This student intends to go to Mixiu Country for further study. However, his family is relatively poor. He is not eligible to go there."

Ueki Kimisan said: "So, I offered him a walk in exchange for asking him to deliberately lose the game. In this case, the referee can determine that it was a fake game and eliminate him along with Houlang Sang. "

"so it is."

Holland nodded: "But such an action is an act that injures the enemy by one thousand and hurts oneself eight hundred. Akito Kurae's reputation will also be affected."

"Not at all."

Ueki Kimisan shook his head and said, "When he goes abroad to study. It's a whole new identity. I promised to prepare Akito Kurae with clean materials without any background. Let him start a new life. So. The fake tournament record has no effect on him at all."

Hearing this, Holland breathed a sigh of relief.

The preparations this time sounded really thorough. There were no mistakes or omissions.

After all, the judgment mechanism for fake matches is here. If one person cheats, both parties will be eliminated together.

As long as they are eliminated together, no matter which side has evil intentions, they will be labeled as dishonest.

People who eat melon often don't care about the truth of the matter. As long as there is a leading public opinion to lead them to eat melon.

Then, the habitual thinking of most people will make these people rush to the front like hungry wolves and bite the prey hard without letting go, feasting on it.

It’s so tiring to know the truth. Only happiness is the most important...

In a sense, Ueki Kimisan is indeed a cunning opponent.

His vision is very unique. Spotting Wang Ling is the key to everything.

As long as Wang Ling can be brought down. What Gray Cult, what support. Everything is a crushing defeat.

No matter what achievements you have had before or how many people like you. As long as you do one thing wrong and it will be magnified under the influence of public opinion... it doesn't matter if you are God.

Because that's the reality.

But what Holland and Ueki Kimisan didn't expect was...

Their seemingly seamless match-fixing plan has one very important key.

That is.

The referee's ball determines the initial combat effectiveness of Wang Ling. It must be lower than that of Yonekura Weiaki...

They don't know.

This is a fake match that will never be possible.

...

On the other side. In the cadre apartment of Huaxiu Guosonghai City. With the help of Zhou Ziyi, Zhuo Yi gorgeously completed a table of delicious home-cooked meals.

While eating, Zhuo Yi turned the TV to a specific satellite channel. The picture on the TV was exactly the live broadcast of Wang Ling's closed-door match.

This picture was projected after Wang Ming's brainwaves were radiated to the Office of Strategic Deception satellite in space.

A password is required to enter the channel.

Therefore, only a few core members of the Office of Strategic Deception know how to enter.

"Isn't this classmate Wang Ling..." Jiugong Liangzi frowned.

The moment she saw Wang Ling, she suddenly felt that the boy's face seemed familiar.

And she didn't know why. She suddenly felt that Zhuo Yi seemed to be paying special attention to Wang Ling itself.

Judging from a woman's intuition, she feels that the relationship between Wang Ling and Zhuo Yi is not simply a relationship between a senior and a junior.

Although Sun Rong told her before that Wang Xiaoer and Wang Ling were secretly accepted disciples by Zhuo Yi. But Jiugong Liangzi still felt that...Zhuo Yi looked at Wang Ling There's something wrong with his eyes.

How can any master look at his disciple with an admiring face?

And the look in Zhuo Yi's eyes is just like the look in Zhou Ziyi's eyes when he looks at Zhuo Yi now...

So. Why is this happening?

Jiugong Liangzi began to feel a little confused.

"Classmate Wang Ling, is this a competition?" Jiugong Liangzi asked curiously.

"Yes."Zhuo Yi nodded: "As my disciple. As a master, of course I have to care about you."

Zhuo YiAfter saying this, Jiugong Liangzi fell into silence again. She took a bite of the sweet and sour pork ribs. She didn't know why the ribs today felt particularly sour.

On the other side, Zhou Ziyi felt a little uncomfortable when he heard that Wang Ling was the disciple of Zhuo Yi.

Turn out to be...

Brother Zhuo already has a disciple.

Hey. It's also... for a person as good as Brother Zhuo. It's not normal to have two disciples.

He quickly adjusted his mentality. Zhou Ziyi's eyes quickly returned to normal. He stared at the pictures on the TV.

I wanted to study the charm of Wang Ling so that he could be chosen as a disciple by Zhuo Yi.

And just when he turned his eyes away, the crisp sound of applause on the TV started to sound.

Because at this moment, Akito Kurae, who is having a second round duel with Wang Ling, is slapping himself for some unknown reason...





Chapter 1567 The Great Solitary and Widow Technique


Huaguo Shui Lian Group.

Today is another day of overtime work for Jiang Xiaoche, because it is almost time to get off work.

Jiang Xiaoche was summoned by Boss Sun.

There are a variety of snacks and popcorn of different flavors on the old man's table. He even hired a pastry chef to make desserts on site.

This scene made Jiang Xiaoche feel a little familiar.

He glanced at the time subconsciously. He was also confused by Boss Sun's behavior.

This time is not the match node of the World Cup.

It’s not the time for the League of Kings S99 Global Finals.

It’s not the time to watch TV dramas and variety shows that Mr. Boss Sun loves to watch.

The recently popular variety show {Brothers Making Trouble} is Boss Sun’s favorite.

Mr. Boss Sun is a fashionable old man. In order to catch up with the footsteps of young people and better understand the market of young people, he never resists learning new things.

But the formation in front of me is rare.

"Xiaoche, sit down, sit down. I'm worried that no one will accompany me to watch the game." Boss Sun called out.

Boss Sun fiddled with the magic ball on the table. A three-dimensional holographic image in the void was immediately displayed.

"This is..." Jiang Xiaoche looked at this scene with a slight hesitation.

Because of the scene in front of him, he instantly noticed a familiar person.

It's that pretty boy named Wang Ling...

"This is the live broadcast of the competition where classmate Wang Ling goes to Sun Island to be an exchange student." Boss Sun said.

Jiang Xiaoche was a little confused: "But I remember. Wasn't classmate Wang Ling participating in a closed-door competition..."

Because of the business connection with Sun Island, Jiang Xiaoche actually has a certain level of understanding of things on Sun Island.

Sakai Toyotoshi's 2 billion order. It was Sun Rong who found him before and asked him to coordinate the signing.

"So I paid a certain price." Boss Sun said.

"The price?"

"Isn't this organizer the Sun Island Ten Thousand Schools Alliance? I agreed to help them be the title investor for a subsequent large-scale competition. That's why I got this video."

"..."

Hearing this, Jiang Xiaoche felt a little sour for no reason.

"But sir, I still don't know why you called me here..."

"It's nothing special. Chat with me. It's also your secretary-general's duty."

"Sir, I have to be with my partner today..."

"Don't do this. In front of me, you still want to pretend that you have a girlfriend. You may have many female companions. But to this day, you are still a lonely old man. Don't pretend that I don't know."

"..."

These words were like a whip that struck Jiang Xiaoche's heart deeply, causing him to freeze on the spot.

Boss Sun said: "Sit down. This time I am looking for you. I want to watch the game with you and then have a casual chat. I think you have always misunderstood your classmate Wang Ling."

"..."

Hearing this, Jiang Xiaoche was stunned for a moment.

He thought that no one else would know what he was doing.

But I never thought that I would not be able to escape the old man's eyes after all.

The boss in front of me, Mr. Sun, is the one who hides the deepest.

"Sit down, Xiaoche." Boss Sun smiled kindly.

"good..."

The kind light in his eyes was like the spring breeze blowing on his face. Jiang Xiaoche couldn't refuse. At the same time, he felt ashamed.

He dared not look directly into Boss Sun's eyes.

Just sit with me on one side.

As he watched, Jiang Xiaoche found that this game seemed a little different from what he imagined.

Why does that local student on Sun Island keep slapping himself...

...

At the same time, the battle between Wang Ling and Yonekura Eaki continues.

To be honest, Yonekura Eaki resisted the issue of match-fixing at first.

However, the conditions offered to him by Ueki Kimisan were too good.

It has always been his dream to study abroad. His grades in Sangtian High School were excellent. He received generous scholarships every year. However, it was unrealistic to achieve his goal of studying abroad with these meager scholarships.

And the most important thing is that the school only has a few recommended places for overseas study every year. You can count them on your fingers.

It is said that students with the best grades will be selected to go there.

However, once it is put into practice, these quotas are destined to be reserved for those with connections.

Yonekura Eaki has no background and power, and no financial resources. To get this recommended spot is just a dream.

So Yonekura Mamoru had made plans early in the morning.

He knew clearly that match-fixing... was actually a very shameful thing, but he was still willing to do it.

Because now he is nothing.

The only thing I can do is to endure it for the time being and become someone else's pawn.

As long as you can get through this day and wait until the day you can officially breathe the free air of Mixiu Country, everything will be worth it.

And what he has to do is to be patient.

To fight against match-fixing, you have to have a fake match...

Wang Ling watched Yonekura Weiming slap his face with one palm after another. The thoughts in his heart were inexplicably complicated.

Like the Wang family, they are actually just ordinary ordinary people. However, Wang Ling has been under the influence of Father Wang and Mother Wang since they were young. They know how to be content than anyone else.

Studying abroad. Wang Ling has never occurred to me.

Because the moon is the same all over the world. Even if you go abroad, the moon may not be rounder.

But just because he thinks so, it doesn't mean that other people think the same way as him.

Yonekura Weiming wants to "rise up". He wants to obtain better resources and use his own efforts to let his family live a better life.

This in itself is actually not wrong.

"Why did that person hit himself?" Zhou Ziyi was confused in front of the TV.

"It should be that we have an agreement with a certain party. We want to drag my apprentice into trouble by fixing matches." Zhuo Yi took a salt and pepper strip and put it in Jiugong Liangzi's bowl.

This scene made Jiugong Liangzi feel better. But then he saw Zhuo Yi pick up another one and put it in Zhou Ziyi's bowl.

Jiugong Liangzi: "..."

"The way to determine match-fixing on Sun Island is very simple. The first is to judge the basic combat power. The second is to judge the overall performance of the entire game based on the combat power. As long as the side with higher combat power is suspected of cheating, it will be easy. It was judged to be a match-fixing. Then both parties were disqualified."

"Isn't classmate Wang Ling in danger?" Zhou Ziyi stared at the screen intently.

To be honest, if he encountered such a situation, he would definitely not know what to do.

He wanted to take a look at how Wang Ling was handled.

Wang Ling saw Yonekura Weiming slap himself one slap after another. There were interlaced five finger prints on his originally thin face.

He struck very hard. No worse than Sakai Kazuya before him.

These slaps on the face actually used internal energy. Yonekura Weiaki deliberately inflicted internal injuries on himself.

But Wang Ling can actually see it.

Yonekura Weiaki didn't want to do that.

While he was slapping himself, tears couldn't stop rolling down the corners of his eyes.

They are silent tears.

It's not because of pain.

The moment he faced Yonekura Weiming, Wang Ling already knew everything.

Ueki Kimisan's request to Yonekura Eaki was to injure him as much as possible and then fall to the ground and pretend to be dead... deliberately allowing Wang Ling to win, thus making a false match determination.

In other words, there are many ways to determine match-fixing.

But Yonekura Weiaki chose one.

In a non-hurtful way.

Because the end result is the same. He just needs to achieve the purpose of match-fixing.

Although he knew that it was extremely unfair to Wang Ling that he chose to study abroad in this way.

Even if it doesn't harm Wang Ling, it will give Wang Ling a bad reputation for match-fixing.

Yonekura Weiaki can't think of any way to compensate...

This is the only way to do it.

So many years...

He got through it all.

He was powerless and drifted on this small island of cultivation just to enable his family to live a better life.

While slapping myself.

Shame, resistance and the intense loneliness of struggling alone suddenly came to his mind.

Yonekura Weiming's tears couldn't stop falling.

At this time, he saw Wang Ling walking forward slowly with his trouser pockets inserted, slowly approaching him.

"No...don't come near me! Houlang Sang!"

Yonekura Weiaki's face was so swollen that he could not speak.

But my heart was roaring.

He thought that no one could understand his helplessness and loneliness.

However, in fact, when Wang Ling gradually approached him and looked at him with his eyes.

Just for a moment. Yonekura Weiming suddenly felt that his mind went blank. He actually fell into fragments.

"This...what is this..."

At this moment, an empty universe appeared in Yonekura Weiming's mind.

The universe is boundless. Not even a single star. He saw the solitary figure of Wang Ling.

Yonekura Weiming's heart was instantly touched.

He couldn't imagine the picture in his mind.

He thought he was already the loneliest person in the world.

But he never expected that the young man standing in front of him would feel far more lonely than himself...

The feeling of helplessness, loneliness, and loneliness spread like a reptile. All of a sudden, Yonekura Weiming's mind fell into a state of emptiness.

Others can't tell what happened...

I saw Yonekura Weiming's body softening and falling forward.

Wang Ling carefully caught his body and slowly laid him flat on the ground.

That move just now. It's called {Great Lonely and Widow Technique}...

It is also one of the gentler spells among Wang Ling's current Heavenly Dao spells.

There are no side effects.

The practitioner will feel Wang Ling one in a billion loneliness...and then gradually stop thinking under the impact of this loneliness.

So, Yonekura Weiming closed his eyes without any surprise.

Wang Ling stared at the young man on the ground. There was no trace of emotion on his face.

Before leaving, he cast a spiritual light on Yonekura Weiming's face.

The bloated face that had been almost deformed by Yonekura Eaki's own whip was instantly restored to its original state.





Chapter 1568 So I temporarily closed your eyes


When Yonekura Eaki woke up, he found himself in the infirmary.

He took out his cell phone and looked at his face through the reflection on the screen. The face that should have been bloated by being slapped has completely recovered.

There was no pain, no internal injuries. It was as if I had never participated in this game.

He could no longer remember how he fell.

He just felt that at the moment his eyes met those of Wang Ling, a huge emptiness and loneliness disturbed his spirit, causing his thoughts to stagnate.

Then, Yonekura Weiaki just closed his eyes.

A duel. Like a dream...

"Classmate, are you awake?" The old lady in the infirmary at the competition venue glanced at Yonekura Weiming.

"Doctor...my injury..."

"You passed out during the game. There was no external injury at all when it was delivered. However, it is not yet possible to determine the extent of your internal injuries. How is it? Is there any discomfort?"

"no..."

Yonekura Weiming was extremely surprised.

His body was no longer injured when he was brought here?

Logically speaking, judging from the intensity of what he did to himself, it shouldn't be possible for him to recover so quickly.

"So. Did Houlang Sang do something?"

Yonekura Weiming was confused.

"Classmate, if you are not feeling unwell, I would like to ask you to give up your bed... There are students waiting in line for treatment behind me."

"Where is the game going?" Yonekura Weiming was even more confused.

"Now there are 125 people. We will select 25 people for the main battle."

"Has the main battle already begun?"

"Yes. It is said that the winner is determined through a mental competition. The classmate you fought with earlier is one of the twenty-five champions." The doctor said.

Yonekura Weiming understood.

He has heard of this Champion Station before. The 25 champions drawn out are equivalent to the defenders. As long as they can defend the mental attacks of five random people, they will advance directly.

As for the attacker, as long as the attack is successful, he can become the new champion. After becoming the new champion, he can still advance by defending the attack of four people.

According to the rules of this closed-door competition, there are only 50 promotion places in this round.

In other words, the 50 people with the highest priority will advance to the next round.

"How is the situation at Houlang Sang..."

"Closed game. How do I know?" The doctor sighed.

As he spoke, he pointed in the direction of the door.

Yonekura Weiming was stunned for a moment. He got out of bed and walked towards the door of the infirmary.

As soon as he stepped out of the door, he was shocked by the scene in front of him...

Because it's in the corridor in front of the infirmary.

The unconscious people were lying on the ground like sardines...

"What on earth is this!?"

Yonekura Weiming was like a piece of wood. He was stunned by the scene in front of him.

Among these people lying down, about 90% were sent by Wang Ling.

Because. Everyone who fights against Wang Ling.

Finally they closed their eyes...

Successfully advanced to the tenth group stage.

Wang Ling’s ups and downs finally settled down more than half.

He didn't expect that the main stage of the competition would be decided by a mental battle...

This is actually what Wang Ling is good at. Compared with physical touch, mental output is actually relatively less harmful.

In addition, due to the limitation of having a one-time Talisman on him, the damage caused by the mental battle can be almost ignored.

For example, in the defending phase of being the champion. Wang Ling only needs to sit upright and calculate the function in his mind.

Whoever dares to invade his mental space will have his head immediately entangled with countless parabolas. Then he will freeze on the spot...

According to the recollections of the personnel who woke up after the battle with Wang Ling.

Because the brain's calculations were too complicated at that time, they no longer remember what happened specifically at that time... They just felt that their minds were shrouded in large parabolas and mathematical symbols...

And after waking up, they didn't even have the slightest worry about failure.

Instead, I felt very guilty for not learning mathematics well.

So at the competition site, some rumors spread.

"Houlang Sang...an amazing man! He was actually calculating math problems during the competition..."

"Houlang Sang is really a very gentle man. I heard that Akito Kurae was injured and was cured by Houlang Sang. He actually healed his own opponent."

"No wonder so many people join Gray Cult. I get it! This is an amazing man!"

"So is the Jiudaohe Gray Cult branch still recruiting people now? I'm pretty good at Chinese. I'm pretty good at math, too."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

In the infinite galaxy. Originally, the monk was playing backgammon with Zheng.

Before the first game of chess was played, the monk turned to use his "Swastika" to project the scene of the Wang Ling game on Earth into the void.

Zheng wished that the monk would leave as soon as he finished the game with him.

But what he saw in the void was the game of Wang Ling. The speed of the moves was deliberately slowed down a lot.

He pretended to be thinking about the chess game seriously. It looked like he didn't care at all. In fact, he was quietly paying attention to Wang Ling's every move with his peripheral vision.

"Zheng. You are indeed very dishonest."

The monk couldn't help but laugh: "If you want to see it, just do it openly. I have plenty of time."

Zheng frowned: "Monk. You should know who he is..."

"Don't talk nonsense. The poor monk doesn't know."

Monk Jin Deng fiddled with the beads in his hand. His eyes narrowed into slits. His expression looked extremely mysterious: "You already have the answer in your heart, don't you..."

Zheng was silent for a moment, but only said three words: "Mysterious object."

The monk laughed: "What a whimsical idea."

Zheng took a long breath: "But apart from this, I really can't think of the origin of his power."

"Destiny is still being held there. So it can't be him."

Monk Jin Deng shook his head and said: "I once thought about many possibilities, but in the end I rejected them all. Have you seen the poor monk's pair of swastikas? It was just to test his identity. I only caught a glimpse of its outline. . Then the little monk, who has the power of a thousand generations of pupils, was blinded by the swastika."

"There is such a thing."

Zheng. Peng Xiren, who was standing next to him, heard the words. The expression on his face was full of astonishment.

They had never heard the monk mention this.

"It's too exaggerated. Monk..."

Although Zheng had just suffered a defeat at the hands of Wang Ling, he still didn't believe it. Wang Ling could be that powerful...

I always feel that the monk's remarks are a bit exaggerated.

"If you don't believe it, you can try it." The monk smiled: "Now, you can enter Ling Zhenren's mind and have a look. Use your mental power to try to invade it and you will know."

"What conspiracy do you have..." Zheng's expression was somewhat alert.

"I'm just responding to your doubts. Practice is the truth, isn't it? If you are afraid, I will understand. After all, even I will be afraid." The monk smiled.

"Ha. Just give it a try! Just try it!" Zheng snorted.

...

...

A few seconds later...

Zheng closed his eyes. And temporarily stopped thinking...





Chapter 1569 What to buy after having one million


Zheng fell to the ground. It was completely beyond the monk’s expectation.

Compare functions with Ling Zhenren. And you dare to go so deep... If you don't close your eyes, who will?

Because of personal experience, the monk deeply knows the horror of this ability.

This time. It was Zheng who miscalculated.

Monk Jin Deng counted the time on his fingers. Zheng will take a long time to wake up from his sleep.

However, the other party is too hostile to me and is always trying to drive me away.

After much thought, the monk felt that it would be the safest way to let Zheng temporarily close his eyes for now.

There are still many things in this universe that Zheng is responsible for handling. Now is not the time to let Zheng die in vain.

"Monk. You deliberately let him..." Peng Xiren is not stupid. He can probably see the monk's intention.

But I still can't figure out why the monk did that.

"You are in trouble." The monk looked at him and said.

"Causing trouble?" Peng Xiren couldn't help but have a puzzled look on his face when he heard this.

Immediately, he gave a bitter smile. There was a hint of caution in his eyes: "Now I am just a wisp of soul. What else do you want, monk."

Monk Jin Deng just felt sorry for Peng Xiren's persistence.

However, the monk always believed that when Dao Ancestor Wang chose Peng Xiren as his true disciple...this move must have had ulterior motives.

No matter what situation we encounter next, Peng Xiren still needs to exist.

This is the best situation that the monk has calculated so far.

"You still don't realize the seriousness of the problem."

The monk stared at Peng Xiren and said: "You have underestimated the horror of that evil god. Dao Ancestor went through all the trouble to ban him back then. It makes sense. If you release him, you will definitely cholera the universe."

"As long as the Sky Tomb is still in my hands, what can he do? He is just a shark with its teeth pulled out."

Peng Xiren finished.

I saw the monk just looking at him quietly without saying a word.

After the scene was silent for a moment, Peng Xiren's expression suddenly changed and he sat slumped on the ground.

"It seems you finally thought of it." The monk said.

Peng Xiren looked flustered. Sweat dripped from his cheeks due to nervousness.

He thought about it.

My own body...

It's still in Star Eater's space.

Although he has been hiding the location of the tomb, if the evil god uses his body, even if he doesn't say anything... he can still find the tomb.

Although that man's strength is not as good as before, he still has such ability.

Peng Xiren knows this clearly.

But Peng Xiren still can't believe it. He would be deceived by Fenmu Shen.

"I had a soul contract with him! There's no way he could betray me!" Peng Xiren screamed.

The monk clasped his hands together and sighed: "Do you know why Dao Ancestor couldn't kill him completely in the first place. Instead, he chose to peel him in half and seal him separately?"

Peng Xiren was stunned.

Because of this. He really never thought about it.

Given his master's character, to deal with such an evil god, if there was a way to completely destroy him, he would definitely not use a roundabout method like sealing him.

Only by completely eradicating the evil and evil things in this world can we avoid future troubles.

Monk Jin Deng knew the truth.

But it is useless to talk about these things at this moment...

The location of the Sky Tomb was found by Fenmu Shen. That proves that the other party is about to merge with the other half sealed in the Sky Tomb.

"Poor monk, it's time to set off." At this time, the monk said.

"Monk! I'll go with you!" Peng Xiren also stood up.

"Just stay in this astrolabe and wait until Zheng wakes up. With your current fighting power, you just died in vain in the past. Maybe you will become the food of Fenmu Shen." The monk said.

"But you can win the fight if you go?" Peng Xiren frowned.

"Poor monk. We can delay it for a while."

Monk Jin Deng's expression. He looks fearless.

The extremely thin threads he condensed with his spiritual power penetrated Peng Xiren's soul and bound him tightly. Linked to Zheng.

Although there are also restrictions placed by Zheng in the astrolabe. It can completely prevent Peng Xiren from escaping.

However, Jin Deng still feels that double insurance would be safer.

"Monk...what are you doing!" Peng Xiren tried to struggle.

However, the monk had made up his mind. His attitude was so firm that Peng Xiren could not imagine: "Stop talking. If you dare to say even half a word, I will tie you up with a tortoise shell."

Sure enough. Peng Xiren shut up obediently.

The monk is expected to have Peng Xiren's character. He would definitely not be able to accept such a shameful gesture.

After doing all this, Monk Jin Deng felt that time was almost up.

Then he shrunk to an inch and left the vast astrolabe where Zheng lived.

Buddha said: If I don’t go to hell, who will?

Monk Jin Deng knew deeply that his battle with Fenmu Shen might not be delayed for too long.

This battle is destined to be a battle in which he jumps back and forth on the edge of hell.

But in fact, the monk feels that he does not need to hold on for too long...

Just wait until the game on Ling Zhenren's side is over.

No matter whether he goes to hell or not.

Then Fenmu Shen must die...

...

Jiudaohe's exclusive player waiting room. Wang Ling returned victorious.

Next to him lay a pile of baby magazines.

The bonus of 1 million Sun Island Coins is a lot of money for Wang Ling.

Participating in competitions was originally prohibited in Old Wang's family, especially if it came with a bonus. But this time it was a closed-door meeting. Relatively speaking, the problem was not too big.

Of course. The most important key to the problem is that Wang Ling used his own abilities to win the game.

So with the help of Wang Ming, Wang Ling worked very hard to reduce his combat power to the same level as his peers.

At least in terms of breath.

It's the same...

But to be honest, despite all the preparations, Wang Ling actually had no sense of participation.

Because most of the people in the venue are Gray Cult believers.

As soon as they saw that the opponent was him, they tried every means to torture themselves. Whenever they disagreed, they started thinking about "fixing the match."

And Wang Ling is just like that. It goes directly to the last level.

As for the mental battle, Wang Ling doesn’t think he can use his own abilities.

That person fainted when he saw the function in his mind. Can you blame him?

All I can say is that this is caused by poor academic skills.

Although Wang Ling now feels that he is a bit excessive.

Obviously the game is not over yet.

But I am already thinking about how to spend the 1 million Sun Island coins to buy gifts for Ah Nuan.

But to Wang Ling, this money is indeed like picking it up for free...

There is not much suspense anymore.

Before Mother Wang was pregnant with Ah Nuan. Wang Ling actually had a little resistance in her heart.

He doesn't know if Ah Nuan's birth will be another disaster for the earth and the universe...

But as the day of breaking out of shell approaches.

Regarding the new member that is about to welcome the Old Wang family. Wang Ling suddenly felt a different kind of emotion arise in his heart.

Until he came to Sun Island. And decided to participate in the competition. The moment when Wang Nuan prepared the prize money to buy gifts...

Wang Ling finally realized it more deeply.

My own attitude towards this upcoming sister.

He couldn't tell what it was.

But the joy was the same as when he saw the limited edition dry noodles.

But now...

For Wang Ling, there is a new problem.

That is, with 1 million Sun Island coins. What should I buy for my sister...

I don’t know about this little girl either.

Do you like eating crispy noodles...

If you don't like it.

How about training it?





Chapter 1570 The Monk’s Way of the Past


When Zheng woke up, he found that he and Peng Xiren were entangled with a powerful spiritual thread.

"Brother Zheng! You finally woke up!" Peng Xiren shouted. There was a bit of panic on his face.

He felt that his sea of consciousness exploded. It was as if something was burning and his lungs hurt. And in the center of the sea of consciousness, a huge whirlpool appeared.

The whole thing was sunken. There wasn't even a drop of sea water inside.

"Eh?"Zheng felt something was wrong. He was shocked to find that his memory had been tampered with.

He gently placed his paw on Peng Xiren's head next to him. He found the same problem.

A small part of their memory in the astrolabe was silently tampered with.

It is already clear who the initiator of this incident is.

"Did the monk do it?" Zheng frowned. The emotions in his heart began to become complicated.

The backgammon board in front of me has not been completely played yet. The monk has disappeared. The direction of the incident is very clear.

Zheng picked up a chess piece and broke it apart. A trace of past Buddha fire flowed out from the chess pieces.

Looking at this scene Zheng, I instantly knew how Monk Jin Deng did all this.

Chess pieces from the past...

It turns out that the monk had already started the layout during the chess game.

Zheng frowned.

I don’t understand why the monk did that.

Peng Xiren was with his fingertips back then. Dao Ancestor Wang chose Peng Xiren as his true disciple.

It stands to reason that the monk would not have a great impression of Peng Xiren.

But now such a game has been set up. Using the fire of the past Buddha hidden in the chess pieces, an attempt was made to hide the fact that Peng Xiren had discovered the discovery of the tomb in the sky during the chess game.

Now. Zheng totally understands.

All this was done intentionally by the monk.

Deliberately letting him peek into Wang Ling's spirit. Then he was overcome by the spirit and fainted.

He also deliberately played chess with him, causing both him and Peng Xiren to fall into the trap.

"Monk...you think I can't find it. You're looking down on me too much."

Zheng showed a bitter smile.

He closed his eyes and counted with his fingers. The expression on his face immediately became complicated. He couldn't help but glare at Peng Xiren: "Why didn't you wake me up earlier?"

Peng Xiren lowered his head. He looked like a child who had made a mistake.

Peng Xiren has roughly understood the current situation.

The monk used the past Buddha's fire to temporarily cover up the fact that "the tomb in the sky has been opened" that he discovered earlier.

After the monk left, Peng Xiren thought over and over about the words the monk had said to him before he left.

My body and mind began to feel frightened towards Fenmu Shen.

"That's all... I can't blame you. Who could have imagined that a monk's mind is so deep."

Zheng stared at Peng Xiren. He sighed: "The monk is doing this to get rid of us. He is fighting against Fenmu Shen. This is an act of suicide! You must help him!"

Just as he was about to stand up, Peng Xiren suddenly screamed: "Don't move, brother Zheng!"

There was an expression of extreme pain on his face.

It was because the spiritual thread entwined between the two of them was being pulled. It made Peng Xiren feel a special kind of pain.

"How dare this monk..."

Zheng Only then did he realize the abnormality of this spiritual thread.

This is not an ordinary spiritual thread. It is a Buddhist thread that can be traced back to the soul... If the spiritual thread is torn or taken away, Peng Xiren's soul will be immediately transcended into reincarnation.

Protect Peng Xiren. This was originally the task left to him by Dao Ancestor Wang.

The monk calculated that he could not take the risk to extract silk. But Peng Xiren ignored it and forcibly left the astrolabe to help him fight...

"What on earth does this monk want to do?" Zheng was furious. He overturned the chessboard on the spot with a loud crash.

The Purdue Buddha Thread cannot be forcibly removed.

So now all we have to do is wait for this Buddha thread to disappear automatically...

There are two prerequisites for automatic disappearance.

First, the monk's spiritual power has been exhausted and he cannot maintain the power of the Buddha's thread.

And the second thing is that the monk has died in battle...

This is the worst situation.

Previously, Zheng had always wanted to drive the monk away. In fact, he also wanted to find an opportunity to reach the celestial tomb.

He has even figured out how to keep the monk in his chart.

Unexpectedly, the monk took the initiative before him.

"Brother Zheng. What should we do now..." Peng Xiren knew that a disaster was coming. At this moment, he really didn't know what to do.

Zheng sat down cross-legged. He lowered his head and thought deeply.

What to do...

He doesn’t know what to do either!

The only thing I can do now is to sit down and shout Amitabha...

...

On the other side, after the monk trapped Zheng and Peng Xiren in the astrolabe, he was also looking for the direction of the celestial tomb.

He extracted the obscured memory of Peng Xiren and integrated it into his own sea of consciousness. He followed the clues and found the location of the tomb.

This cosmic space without any stars is filled with the smell of gunpowder smoke.

The monk can definitely feel that there has been a fierce battle here before.

"Is it a hidden entrance?" The monk frowned slightly.

Dao Ancestor Wang hid the Celestial Tomb here. Indeed, even the monk had never thought about it. If he had not refined the memory of Peng Xiren, I am afraid that he would never be able to find the exact location of the Celestial Tomb in the vast infinite galaxy.

The monk opened his swastika and once again used the power of the Buddha's fire in the past to strengthen his eyes to observe what happened before he came here.

As a result, he saw the old woman whose soul was set on fire and died in pain while screaming...

"Run...run away..."

The old woman roared at the top of her lungs.

Along with the burning soul, it eventually turned into nothingness.

The monk clasped his hands together, recited the mantra of rebirth in his heart, and performed a salvation ceremony for the poor tombkeeper.

Fenmu Shen is just as he thought before. Extremely cruel.

He knew that the old woman's soul had been burned out and she could not enter the reincarnation ceremony... His current salvation might not have any effect.

But the monk still wanted to do that.

Monks have compassion as their heart. Seeking for it is a psychological comfort.

"Monk. Are you the only one here?"

A few seconds later, a familiar figure appeared in front of the monk.

It's Fenmu Shen's voice. But... the body is not Fenmu Shen's original body.

"Did you steal Xiren's body?" The monk looked at the person in front of him, his eyes slightly stunned.

The person in front of me looks like Peng Xiren's delicate and handsome face, but his eye color and hair color have changed.

Purple eyes, purple hair...everything is a color full of evil flavor.

There is also a small horn on the forehead.

"If it wasn't for the purpose of breaking the soul contract with him, I wouldn't have made such a move. But merging into his body had an unexpected benefit. It is within this celestial tomb that I can roam freely.. . Dao Ancestor cannot bear to attack his precious disciple." Fenmu Shen sneered.

He released his breath slightly. The monk suddenly felt a strong wind in front of him! The cassock on his body started to dance wildly in the wind. The huge pressure brought a crushing sense of oppression and he tipped forward!

"It's so strong..." The monk was secretly surprised.

He felt like he was swaying like a tree branch in the wind.

Fenmu Shen in his heyday. So scary!

Purple evil light surged all over his body. His aura continued to rise. He was like the king of the universe overlooking the human world! The energy of chaos soared into the sky, sweeping over half of the infinite galaxy!

That kind of power is beyond the monk's imagination.

"Monk...you came here. Do you want to transcend yourself?"

Before the monk could react, Fenmu Shen changed his figure. He teleported behind Jin Deng. He opened his hand and grabbed the monk Jin Deng's bare head.

"Amitabha..." The smooth head was strangled by Fenmu Shen. The monk closed his eyes. The expression on his face was neither sad nor happy.

"You don't dodge or dodge. Do you want to prove that you are tough?"

Fenmu Shen snorted.

Then a huge roar exploded from his palm. The shock wave of the explosion spread to infinity. The cracks in the black space that were impacted by the power of chaos were derived! They continued to expand to the infinite galaxy with light years as the distance unit!

No one would have thought that this terrifying scene, like the dawn of the universe, was created just to crush a monk's head...





Chapter 1571 Wang Nuan is about to be born?


The monk's head contains the power of the Tribulation Transcendence.

The moment Fenmu Shen crushed his round head, the brain inside instantly boiled and was released along with the power of calamity that had been accumulated for a long time.

The monk deliberately let Fenmu Shen pinch his head. He wanted to kill Fenmu Shen by self-destruction. But this idea was always too naive.

Under such a big explosion, Fenmu Shen still stands tall in the universe. He has a mysterious imprint of vicissitudes of life and simplicity on his body.

This was brought from the heavenly tomb!

After seizing Peng Xiren's body, he obtained benefits from the Sky Tomb that the world cannot understand.

Among them, it also includes the ancient Dao seal on this body. Fenmu Shen still remembers that this was an ability that Dao Ancestor Wang showed when he fought against him.

At first I thought it was a magic spell, but in fact the essence of this ancient seal was also a chaotic object.

They have spiritual intelligence. Once they obtain their inheritance rights, as long as they think about it, they will wrap around their bodies like reptiles, making Fenmu Shen's whole person majestic.

When standing face to face with it, Monk Jin Deng could even feel that what he was fighting was not a living being... but most of the universe!

"Monk, you are not dead yet. Come! Fight again! I have obtained countless divine objects from the sky tomb. I can show them to you one by one." Fenmu Shen laughed. He was extremely arrogant.

He didn't take the monk seriously at all. In his opinion, the monk Jin Deng was just a tool he used to test the new magic weapon in his hand.

The words just fell.

A dozen feet in front of Fenmu Shen, a ball of past Buddha fire appeared. It gradually condensed into the shape of a monk.

"Eh? The breath has actually increased?" Facing the newly emerged monk, Fenmu Shen had a slightly playful look on his face.

After being tempered by the fire of the Buddha in the past, the monk was born out of the fire. The cassock on his upper body was stripped off and turned into flower-like fragments lingering around him.

At this time, his upper body was exuding golden Buddha light. A powerful aura of the most holy Buddha was accompanied by the three Buddha fires of the past, present and future, forming an opposition to Fenmu Shen at this time.

Golden body mode!

This is an ability that a monk has never used before.

Because this is a method that comes at the cost of burning your own reincarnation cultivation. It should not be sacrificed easily.

"Is the Earthly Ancestor aura... No. It's not there yet. It's still a little bit close." Fenmu Shen sensed the power emanating from monk Jin Deng.

As he spoke, a jade Buddha head appeared in his palm.

This is also another divine object discovered by Fenmu Shen in the sky tomb.

"Monk, you are the sage of Buddhism. Do you know what this thing is?"

Fenmu Shen sneered.

The monk's golden eyes moved slightly. Then a powerful energy burst out from his body.

The immovable golden body actually cracked the moment he saw the jade Buddha head!

"Monk...you are still young after all."

He expected that the monk would react when he sacrificed the jade Buddha head. However, he did not expect that the monk would destroy his immovable golden body for such a Buddha head.

The sage of Buddhism is nothing more than this.

In fact, this Jade Buddha's head is no other, it is the skull of the monk Jin Deng's teacher from one of his lifetimes who passed away. This person was also a friend of Dao Ancestor Wang.

After the eminent monk died, Dao Ancestor Wang sacrificed the eminent monk's skull to make this jade Buddha head, and buried them together in this celestial tomb.

Fenmu Shen is knowledgeable about the past and the present. After identifying the origin of this jade Buddha head, he concluded in his heart that it was the life gate of Monk Jin Deng.

I never thought that when I used it at this moment, the effect would be surprisingly good.

The next moment, a huge explosion erupted in the universe.

Monk Jin Deng held up the cracked Immovable Golden Body and released endless Buddha light. In an instant, he gave birth to the sound of endless avenues, which resounded throughout the universe.

The sound wave spread. It spread to countless light-years away...

Even Fenmu Shen became excited.

He has been suppressed by Dao Ancestor Wang for too long. It has been too long since he has experienced a hearty battle.

Although he didn't pay attention to the monk in front of him at all.

But he also enjoyed the monk being tortured by him. His face showed pain, struggling and then roaring...

Just like the guardian of the Heavenly Tomb...

After all, everything is just dust in the universe.

...

At the same time, above the earth, in Songhai City at this time, there was thunder initiation. Large clouds covered the sky, as if it was about to collapse.

Especially near the Wang family's villa. Father Wang looked out the window and saw countless thunder striking the ground, creating pits in the ground!

Many big trees far away from the villa were damaged. They were split in half!

Er Ha was resting in the courtyard. After seeing such a scene, he shrank his neck and slipped into the villa.

This thunder... is so unusual...

Er Ha felt instinctively. This seemed to be a difference in the universe, resulting in a butterfly effect.

This is not a natural thunder. Nor is it a thunder of punishment from heaven.

Although it was very subtle... Er Ha could clearly feel that there seemed to be an inaudible energy of chaos in the thunder.

Because he had personally experienced the pain of being surrounded by thunder mixed with the power of chaos in order to be promoted to a divine beast.

If Sun Rong hadn't taken action at that time, it would have almost been taken away!

Fortunately. Fortunately, the Wang family villa was enlightened by Wang Ling.

There are countless other enlightened spirits inside. This thunder of chaos cannot reach here for the time being.

But Er Ha still had a vague sense of foreboding.

"The child's father..."

Mother Wang was preparing dinner, but at this moment her figure suddenly became unstable and she almost fell down. Er Ha quickly flew over and transformed into a human form to support Mother Wang.

In the end, she was able to hold on. Er Ha felt like she was almost crushed to death by Mother Wang!

Because Mother Wang's weight is amazing... far beyond Er Ha's imagination.

Could it be that it's the weight of Ah Nuan girl in this belly?

"How are you, mother?" When Father Wang rushed over after hearing the news, he saw Er Ha taking the initiative to place himself under Mother Wang. He also took a breath of air...

Mainly because it was also the first time for Father Wang to see Er Ha in human form. The key was that she was not wearing anything.

Just lying underneath Mother Wang. It really looks a little bit vulgar...

However, he did not blame Er Ha. Instead, he was somewhat grateful to this domestic dog.

Fortunately, Er Ha was here just now!

Father Wang took the initiative to go over and support Mother Wang. His arms were strong. Er Ha breathed a sigh of relief.

"Why can you be so relaxed..." Er Ha changed back into the dog form. The dog's head was full of shock.

"Before Ling Ling went abroad, he specially treated my arms. Now we also have unicorn arms." Father Wang said with a smile.

Er Ha: "..."

Father Wang checked on Mother Wang's situation.

Immediately, his brows furrowed and he said, "I can't help it...the amniotic water has broken! Ah Nuan is about to be born!"

"It's time to give birth?" Er Ha was shocked.

Although it was almost 10 days ahead of the previously predicted delivery time, there was nothing that could be done since the little girl was eager to break out of her shell.

Due to previous experience in dealing with the birth of Wang Ling.

This time, Father Wang was extremely well prepared!

"Old Wang's house! Level 1 red alert! All spirits will act according to the original plan!"

Father Wang hugged Mother Wang tightly and began to assign tasks to all members of the Wang family's villa: "Also. Go and ask Lord Ma to invite Immortal Toya here!"

As soon as he finished speaking, the refrigerator in the kitchen shook slightly.

As waves of cold air were released from the refrigerator, the refrigerator door slowly opened in front of everyone.

Er was shocked!

Because inside this double-open refrigerator, after some modifications, there is actually an operating room hidden inside!

"Sterile operating room. Ready."

The enlightened refrigerator now emits an electronic sound that is neither sad nor happy.

I'm really giving birth...

At this time Er Ha. The mood in my heart is fluctuating.

And I thought of something that might happen...

It knows. Now the monk is fighting with that Fenmu Shen.

And Ah Nuan girl actually chose to break out of her shell at this time...

It always feels like this is no coincidence.

Is this girl trying to get rid of Fenmu Shen?

Er Ha was shocked.

Damn it! No way! No way... This is just born!





Chapter 1572 A demon child descends into the world...


It was born ten days before the due date. Er Ha was shocked.

How strong this Ah Nuan girl is. Er Ha had already seen it before when she was still an embryo in her mother's womb.

He can beat Dao Ancestor Wang's mythical beast Marmot while hanging!

If this were officially born, it would be self-evident that his strength would be incredible.

But that Fenmu Shen...is no ordinary person.

Can it really be defeated?

In the body of a baby?

Are you sure you don’t need to grow for a few more years?

Er Ha was thinking in his heart.

It stared out the window at the scene where the thunderbolts were dancing like silver snakes. It suddenly had a deeper understanding of the cause of this vision.

Now. The thunder vision on this earth.

Obviously, it was all caused by this Ah Nuan girl.

Dark clouds are coming, thunder is booming. Everything feels like the end of the world...

Many cultivators on Earth raised their heads one after another, maintaining the same posture as Er Ha, looking up at the sky at a 45° angle.

But the difference is.

Except for Er Ha, the rest of the cultivators on Earth do not know the reason behind this thunderous phenomenon.

Many people think that there is great power in Tribulation Transcendence...

In fact, there's a "devil child" about to be born.

In the Wang family's small villa, the spirits were in an orderly manner after countless exercises.

Mother Wang ended up in a semi-conscious state. She was sent directly into the "sterile operating room" prepared in advance.

Immortal Toya also came very quickly.

Lord Ma sent him here along with his two disciples Jin Shi and Yin Shi.

"The immortals are finally here! Please come!" Father Wang anxiously wandered in front of the refrigerator door. When he saw Immortal Toya appearing with Jin Shi and Yin Shi, he quickly stepped forward to greet him.

Immortal Toya was flattered and bowed quickly: "Senior Wang, there is no need to be formal. These are what juniors should do. Ling Zhenren has already explained this to us before going abroad. The entire Office of Strategic Deception has been preparing for many days just to wait for Nuan Zhenren to be born. At this moment, make sure everything is safe!"

"..."

"In addition, the Head of State from the Huaxiu Alliance seems to be paying special attention to this matter. He also had a phone call with me a long time ago."

"Then what did the Head of State say..."

"Sir, please let Senior Wang rest assured. Leave the rest to us. Also, after Nuan Zhenren is born safely, hurry up and start writing. Don't learn from the shameless Ku Xuan." Immortal Toya said.

These were the original words from Head of State. He imitated them verbatim.

"..."

Father Wang didn't expect that having a girl in his family would be able to mobilize all the staff of the Office of Strategic Deception. This was something he didn't expect. He didn't know what to say. In shock, he could only hold his fists and salute: "That's it. ..Good job!"

"It doesn't matter." Immortal Toya smiled gently.

Then he opened the medicine gourd on his back. A spiritual mist spurted out from the mouth of the gourd, lingering on him, Jin Shi and Yin Shi.

This is the magic mist. It has a sterilizing and disinfecting effect when wrapped around the body.

Can be used as a portable surgical gown.

At this time, standing in front of the refrigerator door, Immortal Toya took a deep breath.

The expression on his face was serious but also revealed a bit of glory and pride.

This was a highly anticipated delivery ceremony. He was highly expected to complete the task of delivering Nuan Zhenren.

For this, Immortal Toya is extremely honored.

"Jin Shi, Yin Shi. Are you ready?" Immortal Toya asked.

"Everything is ready according to Master's instructions! My sister and I have rehearsed several times before." Jin Shi smiled, showing his dimples.

"Rehearsal?"

"It's Yin Shi simulating giving birth. Then I will..."

"Ahem. Let's not talk about these things...the operation is urgent!"

"It's Master."

"..."

Father Wang always felt as if he knew something extraordinary.

...

At the same time, on the other side, in the universe.

Accompanied by another roar and explosion, the bright chaotic light seemed to pierce the barrier of the universe. A large area penetrated into the space of the infinite galaxy.

The monk and Fenmu Shen fought again. His right arm was broken. His golden body was covered in blood. His handsome face was slightly swollen from the beatings.

Fenmu Shen was as happy as if she were teasing a little bird. She held the jade Buddha head in one hand and held it with the other hand.

"It's boring, monk. You don't even deserve to be called my toy." Fenmu Shen showed a contemptuous smile: "If you want this thing, just take it..."

Then, he let go of his hand, suddenly raised his leg and kicked the jade Buddha head towards the monk like a football.

It seems like a very ordinary blow, but it contains vast divine power. It activates a terrifying divine power like a star falling from the sky, lighting up the universe.

With a bang, the monk's body flew up. His chest was hit by the head of the Jade Buddha. He coughed up a large amount of blood. The golden body all over his body was shattered inch by inch.

The monk was so vulnerable. This was something Fenmu Shen did not expect.

After a few rounds of fighting, he lost interest in the monk.

He borrowed Peng Xiren's body to inherit the right to use the Tomb of Heaven. He received endless benefits and his strength greatly increased.

Fenmu Shen thought that at this moment, it would not be an exaggeration for him to proclaim himself the Overlord of the Infinite Galaxy.

He urgently needs to find a real strong person to prove his strength.

In just a moment, Fenmu Shen expanded his perception infinitely. He penetrated from the infinite galaxy into the outer galaxy. He analyzed every inch of space in the universe. Every nebula...

Finally. Fenmu Shen opened her eyes.

Because at this moment, he suddenly felt a very strong spiritual energy fluctuation in the position of the earth.

And the aura seeping out of this fluctuation is definitely not that of the young man named Wang Ling.

"There are other masters on this earth?" Fenmu Shen suddenly became excited.

On the other side, the bloody monk has figured out what exactly happened on the earth.

Honestly...

This is something the monk did not calculate.

He thought he had everything under control. But he didn't expect that Wang Nuan would be born early.

What's worse is that this breath was actually captured by Fenmu Shen!

How big is this Nuan Zhenren...

Even if she is Ling Zhenren's sister, how powerful can a newborn baby be?

The monk gritted his teeth and endured the severe pain all over his body. He tried to step forward and delay again.

However, Fenmu Shen had lost interest in the monk. He raised his hand and knocked the monk away like a fly: "Don't disturb me!"

Then, he took steps and arrived around the earth in a few blinks. He used his purple eyes to track the source of the powerful spiritual energy fluctuations.

But what disappointed Fenmu Shen was.

What he tracked turned out to be a baby girl whose head had just emerged.

Just a child?

Fenmu Shen frowned. He checked his judgment over and over again. He always felt that something was wrong.

And in the next second, he saw the newly born baby girl split into a shadow and appeared in front of him.

"Eh? Can you use shadow magic since you were born?" Fenmu Shen smiled.

This shadow spell is not unusual in his opinion.

But in a sense, he felt that the baby girl in front of him was self-taught as soon as she was born. In a sense, she was considered a talent.

This is a potential stock.

If she is captured and trained well, she can be his apprentice or wife in the future.

Fenmu Shen was thinking this at this time.

He then extended his hand to Wang Nuan's shadow. He smiled kindly: "Little fellow. Will you come with me? If you don't. I'll blow up this planet. You'll have no home to go back to."

Wang Nuan said nothing. She just held out her little hand and shook it.

then.

Boom!

She tore off Fenmu Shen's entire right arm like a pork belly...

"?"

Fenmu Shen thought. I think I've opened the door in the wrong way.





Chapter 1573 You didn’t penetrate the baby girl’s armor


Naturally powerful?

Fenmu Shen was even more happy. He didn't expect that this little girl could actually tear his arm off. And it seemed like it didn't take much effort.

So looking at this scene, the thought in Fenmu Shen's heart was not fear.

But he became even more determined. He wanted to take this little girl as his apprentice or wife.

It seems good if she can be captured as a child bride!

But there was only one thing Fenmu Shen didn't understand.

Why does this newborn girl have such great power?

But regarding this issue, Fenmu Shen feels there is no need to worry.

As long as this girl can be taken down and brought back, there will be plenty of time for her to conduct human research.

Maybe as long as this secret is cracked, maybe we can know why the kid named Wang Ling on Earth is so powerful...

"Girl. It's a pity. You are still young. You are not destined to be my opponent."

Fenmu Shen raised the corners of her mouth slightly. Her purple eyes looked at Wang Nuan.

The arm that was torn off by Wang Nuan earlier grew back from the fracture with some kind of purple sour-smelling mucus at a speed visible to the naked eye due to countless cell divisions.

The physical damage to Fenmu Shen is already negligible at this stage.

Even if the head is decapitated and the whole body is turned into a ball of flesh, a new head can be quickly grown.

As for the physical pain. After reaching the Heavenly Ancestor state, the state of unity between man and nature made him unable to feel the existence of pain.

All physical pain will be transformed into heavenly pain!

It was just like Wang Nuan tore his arm off just now. The moment the arm was torn off, a meteor fell from the universe at the same time.

And this is the pain of heaven.

"I must take you away today." At this time, he looked at Wang Nuan confidently and pointed out his claws accurately toward a certain coordinate position on the earth.

He could see that the baby girl in front of him was just the materialization of a shadow.

There is no point in taking away this shadow. The most important thing is the original body.

But now, his grasp is aimed at the main body!

When those hands covered it, the earth was instantly shrouded in a large shadow, covering the sky and the sun!

However, the infinitely enlarged palm print was resisted by a huge force before it approached the earth.

Fenmu Shen frowned and increased the strength on his hands. But he was shocked to find that no matter how much force he exerted, the brute force against him would also increase at the same time.

Soon, he realized the mystery of this matter.

"Is it a shadow?"

Immediately, Fenmu Shen couldn't help but reveal a look of surprise in her eyes.

After he withdrew his hand, the brute force that resisted him also disappeared immediately.

This further confirms Fenmu Shen’s suspicion.

"Girl, your shadow ability seems to be stronger than I imagined. You can actually control my shadow?" Fenmu Shen was amazed at Wang Nuan's ability.

He has never seen such skill before

He originally thought that Wang Nuan's shadow ability was very limited. But he didn't expect that the other party could not only use this ability on himself, but also control other people's shadows!

"Even if I beat you to half a disability today, I will take you back."

At this moment, Fenmu Shen's eyes completely dimmed.

Wang Nuan's appearance made him feel extremely excited.

The shadow is connected to the main body. If the shadow is injured, the main body will also be damaged to a certain extent.

In order to ensure the integrity of the little girl, Fenmu Shen previously planned to attack Wang Nuan's body directly. But now it seems that he must first clear away the shadow of the little girl in front of him.

Otherwise, he will encounter obstacles even when he invades the earth.

Buzz!

At this time, the materialized shadow differentiated by Wang Nuan suddenly released endless black light. It spread to all directions! It formed a vortex and swallowed up everything nearby!

Fenmu Shen watched this scene without resisting. He was fighting with the mentality of teasing a child.

He thinks he is invincible and will not take any ability shown in a baby girl seriously, because this is just a child. Even if the ability and special ability are not real, it is useless.

"Interesting. You actually used your own shadow to build a space. Have you stripped away the real world?" Fenmu Shen felt the changes in the surrounding environment. He couldn't help but laugh again.

Everything has a shadow. Even this huge universe is no exception.

In order to prevent Fenmu Shen from causing damage to the earth, Wang Nuan took this step and copied the entire solar system to form a shadow space.

All battles that take place here will not affect the real world.

It is the same as the previous battle between Wang Ling and Zheng in this world.

"In that case, I have no choice but to suppress you first..."

At this moment, Fenmu Shen made a move. He waved his sleeves and heard a loud bang. It was as shocking as the sky and earth shattering.

The universe in front of us cracked open and countless storms rolled up.

He tried to break through Wang Nuan's shadow space.

But Fenmu Shen missed one point.

That is the shadow space. Although the effect is similar to the "inside world", it is completely different from the "inside world".

Wang Nuan takes charge of Shadow!

All shadows will obey Wang Nuan's command.

Fenmu Shen didn't know what consequences his momentary negligence would have.

Now. He is in this shadow space.

What exactly are we facing...

In one thought!

The storm that was rolling wildly in the shadow space was restored to tranquility with a thought from Wang Nuan.

Even a wisp of wind has a shadow.

As long as it's in this shadow space.

Wang Nuan is the only true god!

Fenmu Shen considers himself invincible. He can control the wind and rain with just a single gesture. But no matter how he moves his sleeves, there will never be any ripples in this shadow space.

The scene at this moment is very similar to those ancient costume immortal dramas after losing the special effects. The actors and actresses are performing various awkward postures and movements...

"What on earth is this?" Fenmu Shen frowned deeply.

The calm smile that had always been on his face was finally completely broken at this moment.

A drop of cold sweat slid down his forehead and cheeks.

He had never seen this situation before. But he did not feel that he had lost.

After all, he still has the magic weapon obtained from the sky tomb!

Each piece is a collection of Dao Ancestor Wang! The supreme chaos device!

"Girl. Now that things have happened...don't blame me for being ruthless."

As he spoke, the light in Fenmu Shen's hand changed. A revolver with a simple style appeared in his palm.

This is a chaos device called "Big Era".

One bullet is powerful enough to penetrate the distance of ten galaxies! And it cannot be stopped!

Everything that stands in front of this bullet will be mercilessly penetrated. Then it will be "soaked" by the power of chaos and then explode!

Fenmu Shen can see that this shadow space is very strange.

If he had known earlier, he should have been more careful.

And it seems a little late to say this now...

But it's not that easy to trap him.

"Haha. Little guy, you didn't expect it, did you? There is such modern equipment in this eternal chaos device..."

No extra thinking.

Fenmu Shen pulled her own trigger.

Facing the speeding silver bullet, Wang Nuan closed his eyelids subconsciously. It was not because he was afraid of the bullet. It was just that he was a little confused by the dazzling light refracted by the bullet.

This silver bullet successfully hit Wang Nuan.

Ah Nuan girl just felt like her eyelids were bitten by mosquitoes.

The silver bullet bounced off the little girl's eyelids. It did not penetrate Wang Nuan's armor.

The moment the bullet was deflected, Ah Nuan girl finally showed a smile. It was an expression as if she had discovered a new toy.

She looked at the chaos device called "Big Era" in Fenmu Shen's hand. Then she stretched out her little hand. She divided the shadows and created an identical one.

It's just that the shadow replica in the hands of Ah Nuan girl is pure black.

After all, the little girl is just a newborn child...

He has great curiosity about everything and has a strong learning ability.

She played with the "Big Era" revolver in her hand. Then she imitated Fenmu Shen's previous appearance. In turn, she shot Fenmu Shen a bullet!

Fenmu Shen was shocked.

He would never have thought that even the Chaos Magical Artifact and the girl in front of him could be recreated with shadows!

This shot was about to hit Fenmu Shen's head. Fenmu Shen caught it firmly with two fingers.

It's just a bullet.

It would be a bit embarrassing if I couldn't handle this.

The bullet missed Fenmu Shen.

Wang Nuan, who was holding a pistol, looked a little unhappy.

So. The little girl took a deep breath.

Just the next second.

This shadow revolver.

Changed again in the hands of Ah Nuan girl...

This "Big Time" revolver originally only had six rounds of ammunition!

It turned into a Gatling!

"Fuck! Does this shadow replica come with upgrades?"

Fenmu Shen looked at the scene in front of him in disbelief.

Chug tug tug tug...

The next second, the little girl had already controlled the upgrade in her hand and fired wildly at Fenmu Shen.





Chapter 1574 To catch a thief, you must first catch the king.


As a newborn baby.

His curiosity about new things and his strong ability to learn and imitate eventually made Fenmu Shen suffer a big loss.

What's more, Wang Nuan is not an ordinary baby.

Due to Shadow's blessing, Wang Nuan is born with strong learning ability.

Just like Fenmu Shen's revolver. Ah Nuan girl can not only be copied through the power of Shadow.

It is also possible to analyze the same type of matter in the entire universe through Shadow.

In other words, although Ah Nuan girl has never seen other firearms, she can still use the power of Shadow to draw inferences about the revolver she has.

Use Shadow to upgrade Gatling. It's just a routine operation for a little girl.

When Gatling gets tired of using it, Wang Nuan can freely transform it into other firearms with just a thought.

When the black-lighting Gatling shadow is accompanied by a burst of changes, it transforms into other gun forms in the hand.

Fenmu Shen, who had been beaten into a hornet's nest but still stood firm and was not dead, recognized what Ah Nuan girl was holding. It was a rifle...

It's just this rifle that makes Fenmu Shen feel weird.

He had never seen this form in the real world. He couldn't tell what model it was.

You can't just make it up out of thin air, right?

Could it be...

Suddenly, Fenmu Shen, who had holes all over his body, thought of a fact that shocked him.

Sure enough!

After using another chaos device "Wanjie Intelligent Brain" obtained from the sky tomb to conduct a search.

Fenmu Shen was surprised to find that the rifle in the hands of Ah Nuan girl was called "AK-12 Apocalypse"!

It is a RMB player firearm from an FPS shooting online game! And its performance is of gold quality!

Fenmu Shen was completely shocked: "..."

Virtual game equipment can also be synchronized...what kind of terrible plug-in is this!

If there's a portal for recharging. Can she recharge!

At this moment, Fenmu Shen’s thoughts are spinning thousands of times.

Those purple eyes stared at the little girl in front of her. The initial thought in my mind that "the other person is still a child. It's better to be merciful" has been completely dispelled.

More often than not, it was replaced by a kind of jealousy.

Think of them as cultivators who have lived for eternity. Which one of them has not gone through a lot of hardships to get to this point?

But the girl in front of me had such powerful abilities when she was born.

This made Fenmu Shen feel more and more angry the more he thought about it.

Although he was shot by Wang Nuan's firearms and had holes all over his body, those bullets penetrated his body and he felt no pain at all.

Heavenly Ancestor transcends physical pain. Physical damage is almost ineffective.

But Wang Nuan doesn't care about this. She has various types of firearms in her hands. Rifles, shotguns, and light and heavy machine guns switch back and forth. The never-ending bullets make her have a great time.

"Girl... I don't have time to play this house game with you anymore." Fenmu Shen shook his head and walked forward step by step.

Killing thoughts arose in his heart.

I feel that Wang Nuan should not be left alive.

A small voice ran through my mind. It didn't sound like any sound. But it sounded deep in the soul of a person. It made people feel restless and ups and downs.

Wang Nuan blocked his ears. Facing such a mental attack, the little girl still lacked combat experience.

However, she tried her best to stabilize the shadow space.

Don't let space slip away.

Even if he lacks actual combat experience, Wang Nuan can still feel what Fenmu Shen is thinking in his mind.

The other party wants to break through the constraints of the shadow space.

Fighting here would be very detrimental to them.

She stared at Fenmu Shen extremely cautiously. Her fleshy little face was full of alertness.

"Girl. You've got a lot of talent. If you can be humble. You'll have a bright future as my disciple. It's a pity that you don't appreciate my love. Then there's nothing we can do about it. " Fenmu Shen said. His face did not turn red. His tone was calm.

He clearly wanted to kill Wang Nuan, but he adopted such a sanctimonious attitude.

As he spoke, he wore almost nine pieces of invisible armor on his body.

These nine pieces of armor are all very powerful chaos weapons. They also have the function of shielding their appearance. They cannot be seen with the naked eye.

Of course. The most important thing is that the anti-injury capabilities of these nine pieces of armor are extremely strong!

Fenmu Shen is convinced. It is just relying on the ability of the Great Dao.

Since I don't know much about this girl's weird Shadow, I can easily suffer a big loss.

So why not take the initiative to sacrifice yourself? First anger this little girl and let her take the initiative to attack you.

He wears nine layers of anti-injury armor!

One piece will cause 1000% damage!

Stacked up, it’s 9000% of the damage dealt back!

If this girl attacks him with all her strength, she might kill herself.

Because he is not familiar with Dao ability, he will suffer a loss.

But in terms of his insidious combat experience, combat skills and ability to scheme against people, Fenmu Shen can be called the old fox among old foxes.

He is a figure who has survived the eternal struggle. He has witnessed the fall of batches of eternal geniuses with his own eyes...

How could a newborn girl be his scheming opponent?

And the little girl has just been born. Even though her power is incredible.

But in terms of strength and physical ability, Fenmu Shen feels that the opponent's space may not be that big.

What he counterattacked was 9000% of the damage!

This is a game.

Although playing a game with a newborn baby girl, it seems a bit pricey for Fenmu Shen.

But no outsiders will know about this.

As long as he kills Wang Nuan for sure later...

"Come on. Don't you want to kill me? I'll stand here and beat you." Fenmu Shen said. He took the initiative to step forward. The bullet holes all over his body that had been shot wildly by Wang Nuan were all covered in bullet holes. It is already gradually recovering.

Ah Nuan girl looked at Fenmu Shen who was getting closer and closer. She felt a little frightened by this strange uncle in front of her.

"Boom!"

Before the tears come out. Wang Nuan " Hai Ya !" She called out. She took the initiative to extend her small, fleshy fists. She hit Fenmu Shen with a blow.L

She didn't know why Fenmu Shen insisted on beating him.

She had just been born and didn't understand the ways of cosmonauts yet... She had never heard of such a strange request.

"Huh?" Fenmu Shen, who was originally full of confidence and planned to use counterattack to injure Wang Nuan, suddenly felt that something was wrong. The girl's punch was too fast. It actually made him slightly dazed. He didn't look too far. clear.

This punch looks ordinary, but in fact it has amazing power.

It hit him directly on the chest. Large swaths of blood splashed backwards like a fountain with an astonishing impact.

"Ah!" Fenmu Shen cried out in pain!

Not only was his chest pierced, but even the Heavenly Ancestor's Heavenly Pain was ineffective! He actually felt the pain!

And the most important thing is!

This girl punched him and actually ignored his nine layers of armor!

The anti-injury armor completely shattered on his body! This girl didn’t even lose a hair!

The promised 9000% backlash. Nothing left.

What kind of monster is this...

Fenmu Shen was secretly surprised.

In the next breath, his body recovered again.

But the pain in my chest still continued.

And it was only then that Fenmu Shen discovered the clue!

It turned out that a hole was punched in his shadow's chest!

The girl's punch just now seemed to hit his body, but it was actually an attack on his shadow.

After the shadow collapsed, the pain was directly fed back to the body.

It is a pain that comes from the soul and spirit!

And the pain of heaven can only replace the pain of the body!

The damage caused by this punch to the shadow cannot be replaced!

"Is this girl...still a human..."

Fenmu Shen gritted his teeth secretly.

Shadow was hit, causing him a certain degree of trauma. The situation seemed unfavorable, but it was not over yet.

Fortunately, he still had a trick up his sleeve...

"Girl, you are very strong. I underestimated you. But...I am not someone to be bullied." Fenmu Shen snorted.

Although he was trapped in the shadow space at the moment, he was not helpless.

To capture the thief, capture the king first!

As early as the moment when he slapped the earth, Fenmu Shen separated one percent of his soul.

This one percent soul is far less powerful than the main body.

But it would be enough to sneak into the earth secretly.

And at this moment.

In front of the Wang family's small villa. One percent Fenmu Shen appeared at the door with arms folded.

And his target is not Wang Nuan's true body.

This girl is using her abilities to fight with him and has no time to think about.

Therefore, the target of One Percent is this villa. The source of all evil that gave birth to two cosmic monsters one after another...





Chapter 1575 Now, I can’t explain clearly.


Although the power of 1% Fenmu Shen is far less than that of the main body, it is enough to deal with a few earthlings.

In front of the villa. One percent Fenmu Shen appears here.

Those purple evil eyes emitted a faint light, analyzing the entire villa.

Everything was as Fenmu Shen thought. Wang Nuan's body was casting a shadow spell. The little girl had no time to take care of herself when this spell could not be interrupted.

Now in this villa, except for some weird spirits, there are no other masters.

Fenmu Shen originally thought that Father Wang and Mother Wang were very powerful. However, after further analysis, she discovered that these couples were actually Muggles.

It's only at the level of the body refining period...

Now that the earth has been upgraded, the plane level has risen to a higher level. Fenmu Shen feels even more miraculous that a state like this can still exist during the body refining stage.

He felt that after a period of body refining, he might be able to serve as the Dragon King's son-in-law in ordinary novels.

But in the world of the Immortal King, he is not even worthy of being alive.

"Are they just two ordinary earthlings?" Fenmu Shen had a somewhat disappointed look in his eyes. He thought that the source of all evil could give birth to two cosmic monsters in succession. Their strength level should not be too low.

The result was unimaginable. They turned out to be two losers.

This made Fenmu Shen very disappointed. But at the same time, he felt lucky.

Since it is waste, then there are thousands of ways to deal with waste, even with one percent of his power.

Among the two of them, Father Wang and Mother Wang, one percent Fenmu Shen has decided to kill one first as a warning to others.

Kill that male Earthling first...

Then pin down Mother Wang and use it to threaten Wang Nuan and Wang Ling. This is the best strategy Fenmu Shen has thought of so far.

...

In the villa. After Mother Wang gave birth to Wang Nuan successfully, Immortal Toya was relieved.

Jin Shi and Yin Shi are still doing postpartum care for Mother Wang.

In fact, childbirth is not that troublesome for cultivators. There is no such thing as confinement.

Ever since Mother Wang became pregnant with Wang Nuan, the most indispensable thing for the Wang family is supplements. Just those pills given by Mr. Sun, the boss of the Huaguo Shui Lian Group. Just one pill is enough for Mother Wang to quickly regain her strength after giving birth.

In addition, there is a "Golden Needle Acupuncture Set" presented by Taoist Taiyi, a master of acupuncture in the world of cultivation who is known as the "Dragon King of the East China Sea". Mother Wang will be able to return to the original state immediately within today. Maybe even the realm that has not been broken for a long time can be restored. All can achieve breakthroughs.

At this time, Immortal Toya was teaching Father Wang how to acupoint.

"After ten o'clock tonight, we will start with the Taijia Xuan Needle. Just prick the acupuncture points every hour."

"Understood." Father Wang nodded: "This Taijia Xuan Needle is followed by Taiyi Xuan Needle. Then Tai C Xuan Needle, Tai Ding Xuan Needle, Tai E Xuan Needle... I've memorized it all."

"That's very good." Immortal Toya nodded.

This is the first time for him to take over such a ceremonial delivery scene...

And even though he came to deliver the baby, he actually didn't help much. He just helped with post-operative cleaning and disinfection.

Because Nuan Zhenren slipped out of the uterus on his own after the baby was old enough. He even tied the umbilical cord into a Chinese knot.

Immediately afterwards, he inexplicably entered the trance mode. It was like falling asleep.

And when she was born, Wang Nuan's body was clean. There was not even a trace of blood or dirt on her body. She looked like a little angel who had descended into the world.

Even with all his years of practice, Immortal Toya has never seen such a magical scene.

It is said that a daughter is her father's little cotton-padded jacket.

Now seeing the birth of Wang Nuan, Immortal Toya was particularly touched for a moment. In fact, he actually had the idea of finding a marriage partner, settling down and having a baby.

And the best. Also a daughter.

So good.

Immortal Toya sighed inwardly.

"Congratulations again to Senior Wang for getting a little cotton-padded jacket." Immortal Toya bowed his hands.

"Thank you Immortal Toya for your hard work." Father Wang raised his hand and returned the gift. His face was full of joy, but he couldn't help but reveal a bit of a wry smile.

He didn't know whether their daughter was a little cotton-padded jacket.

But it is definitely a small explosive that cannot escape...

However, Wang Nuan neither cried nor fussed after he was born. He looked unusually quiet. This was a bit different from what Father Wang had imagined.

Wang Ling was noisy when he was born. As a result, he became autistic when he grew up.

Everything has two sides. After Father Wang has experienced it, he knows that this may be an illusion...Ah Nuan girl may be a lively girl when she grows up.

"Would you like to have a casual dinner together tonight?" At this time, Father Wang asked.

Immortal Toya was flattered. He knew that such an opportunity did not come often. He did not dare to refuse: "Junior, it would be disrespectful!"

"Don't talk like a junior." Father Wang scratched his head in embarrassment.

To be honest...Immortal Toya is much older than him.

Including Lord Diu Lei.

As a result, every time the two of them came to the Wang family's small villa, they would shout one after another. This made Father Wang feel like he didn't know what to do...

He knows that all this is the result of imagination.

Because Wang Ling and Wang Nuan were born one after another.

Now their whole family has been imagined by this group of people as reclusive bosses...

In the past, Father Wang thought it was good to put on a disguise to hide your identity.

But now that they are all so familiar, he feels that there is no need for it.

"Actually, I'm younger than you. So are you and Diu Lei. There's no need to be so formal." Father Wang said.

It's a pity that the concept of "hidden boss" has long been ingrained in the minds of the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception.

I'm afraid it will be difficult to remove it for a while.

Immortal Toya: "How dare I..."

Father Wang's showdown: "I'm actually in the body-refining stage..."

Immortal Toya: "Senior is joking again."

Father Wang: "..."

Come to the kitchen. Father Wang is planning to prepare ingredients for the evening.

The person who worked the hardest today was Mother Wang. So Father Wang decided to cook it himself.

It's not that he doesn't know how to cook. It's just that he's usually too lazy to do it. At most, he just helps out.

But today alone, Father Wang still wanted to let Mother Wang take a good rest. During this time, he also asked for leave and stopped coding.

Instead, all your energy and energy should be reserved for spending time with your family.

"Senior, do you need help?" Immortal Toya asked.

"Just sit down." Father Wang smiled.

I just took out a few potatoes from the bag and picked up the kitchen knife. The villa's alarm suddenly sounded.

Is someone illegally intruding?

Father Wang's brows furrowed slightly. He went out with the kitchen knife in hand and opened the door of the villa.

What Father Wang didn't expect was that what greeted him was an energy ball that looked dazzling than the sun.

"Go to hell..."

One percent Fenmu Shen only stretched out one finger and created this extremely terrifying "Eastern Wave".

Kill Father Wang. More than enough.

As long as it is hit by this "eastern wave", the hit object will be instantly swept into the space and smashed to pieces.

Without causing large-scale damage, this single-point spell is what Fenmu Shen thinks is the most ideal.

"What is this?"

Looking at the rapidly approaching light group, Father Wang was so shocked that the kitchen knife dropped to the ground. He subconsciously raised his arm to block it.

then...

Bang!

After a crisp sound, the ball of light was smashed to pieces by Father Wang's arm like a golf ball.

"..."

Father Wang did not expect that the "Qilin Arm" that Wang Ling gave him enlightenment before leaving would actually play a key role.

This situation made Fenmu Shen one percent stunned.

What the hell is this...the body refining period?

Immortal Toya, who was behind Father Wang, showed admiration: "Senior, you are so strong! I knew you were always being modest!"

Father Wang: "..."

Now, it seems that his status as a big boss cannot be explained clearly...





Chapter 1576 Senior Wang! Forever a god!


One percent Fenmu Shen was horrified.

Even if he condenses one percent of his soul clone, the power of this east wind wave cannot be blocked by normal earth cultivators.

However, the male Earthling in front of me is clearly just in the body-refining stage...

He actually completely defeated the "Dongfeng Wave" with just his own arms.

One percent Fenmu Shen was terrified at this moment.

Could this Wang Jiao... be a cultivator at the 200 millionth level of body refining?

In this world of cultivation, how could such an outrageous existence exist?

He felt that he had to re-evaluate Father Wang's strength...

The man in front of me is probably not as simple as he seems.

After all, he is a human being who gave birth to two monsters in succession.

Even if you think with your butt, the other party cannot be just an ordinary earthling.

If you can tear his Dong Feng Bo to pieces with just your arms, then the other party must be someone who hides his secrets...

"I didn't expect you to have such strength." One percent Fenmu Shen had cold sweat on his forehead and slid down his cheeks. The atmosphere at this moment instantly became extremely solemn.

On the other hand, Father Wang himself was actually very panicked.

As a literary and artistic worker who makes a living by keyboarding, Father Wang has always been a scholar. I don’t know the last time he hit someone...

He doesn't know many martial arts skills.

Maybe it's just a set of the third set of radio gymnastics for High School students in the country, plus a little bit of military gymnastics.

The person I'm facing now is a big shot who comes looking for trouble. At first glance, he looks like a villain.

This made Father Wang feel a little nervous.

He doesn't know who Fenmu Shen is...

I just feel that the pressure the other party puts on me is very strong.

If Wang Ling hadn't inspired Father Wang's arms, Father Wang's unicorn arms would now be like two electric water pumps, bringing up Father Wang's entire body's ability to withstand stress.

Father Wang felt that he would probably faint on the spot when facing Fenmu Shen.

And the scariest thing is that Immortal Toya behind him thinks he is the real senior master.

Still stoking the flames with confidence...

Immortal Toya: "This dear friend, Senior Wang's home is not a place where you can come and leave whenever you want. Senior Wang is a hidden master! He doesn't cause trouble and is not afraid of trouble! Senior Wang, always be a god!"

Father Wang: "..."

One Hundred Fenmu Shen crossed his arms and sneered: "Do you know who I am?"

Immortal Toya: "It doesn't matter who you are. Even if you are the overlord of the universe. If Senior Wang punches you, do you dare to bear it?"

Father Wang: "..."

One percent Fenmu Shen frowned: "You may not believe it. I am really the overlord of the universe."

Immortal Toya: "There is only one father in this world! That is our Father Wang. Senior Wang! How dare you talk to Senior Wang like this! Why don't you kneel down and apologize to Senior Wang!"

"..."

Father Wang listened to Immortal Toya's words. He seemed calm on the surface, but actually he was panicking.

In fact, it's not that he can't understand Immortal Toya's current mood.

In the other person's heart, you are a senior master like an idol. Since you have a mentality of admiration, it is actually normal to unconsciously use words to defend you in your words.

This is a common item in online public opinion wars - no one can criticize my idol!

However, the situation in front of him made Father Wang even more nervous. He really didn't know how to deal with it.

Facing Fenmu Shen. Father Wang's pressure doubled. However, at this moment, he suddenly heard an overlapping voice in his mind.

Mysterious voice: "Don't panic. We are here!"

Father Wang: "?"

It's because he was too nervous. He was hallucinating?

At this time, Father Wang felt terrified and inexplicable.

"Don't be nervous! We are your right-hand man!"

"..."

Father Wang took a deep breath when he heard this.

Shit! His left and right hands actually became spirits after the enlightenment!

"You don't need to talk. Just communicate with us in your head! I'm Left Hand. You can call me Left. Or you can call me by my name. Kato."

"I'm right-handed. You can call me Righty. Or you can call me by my first name. Eagle."

"You actually have autonomous consciousness..." Father Wang was completely shocked. The thoughts in his mind kept rising and falling.

"Hey. Originally, we didn't want to come out. After all, if you knew about our existence, I'm afraid we would have to help you code in the future. Having a pair of left and right hands that can move on their own is probably every author's dream. "

"..."

"But the situation is urgent now. Xiaoyou and I have to take action."

"So who is this person?"

"A person who claims to be the overlord of the universe. A living fossil that has lived for eternity. He floated up after gaining a little strength. Now his true body is fighting with Ah Nuan's differentiated shadow in the universe."

"So Ah Nuan has been silent until now. Is it because he has separated his shadow and is fighting with this person's body in the universe?"

"right!"

"..."

Father Wang couldn't help but tremble after hearing this.

He knew it!

His daughter is not that easy to mess with.

This baby has just been born and has already started to maintain the peace of the universe... If this baby grows up a little longer, it will be fine.

However, Father Wang did not expect that his opponent would actually be the overlord of the universe. Although the opponent was self-proclaimed, he knew he was someone with certain abilities.

His nervous mood calmed down a lot after Xiao Zuo and Xiao You woke up.

Because the next step is a fully automated battle. There is no need for Father Wang to take the initiative to operate it.

On the other side, Fenmu Shen in front of him actually did not realize the seriousness of the problem.

"You must die today." One percent Fenmu Shen's eyes narrowed.

His arm stretched out from an extremely far away place and suddenly grabbed Father Wang. His five slender fingers were like the tentacles of an octopus. At that moment, he rushed towards Father Wang.

The movement was so fast. Father Wang couldn't estimate it with his naked eyes alone.

But he has nothing to fear in his heart at this time!

Because he believes in his son!

I trust my right and left hands even more!

In this small villa of the Wang family, he is the head of the family! So when his family is in danger, he naturally has to stand up and fight like a man!

"Chong!!" At that moment, Father Wang's heart boiled with excitement!

He didn't say a word, but his heart was already roaring like crazy.

"MUDAI MUDAI MUDAI MUDAI..."

The movements of Xiao Zuo and Xiao You were faster than 1% of Fenmu Shen. A two-pronged approach. The ten fingers on the left and right began to split the moment they were stretched out. Each finger could actually derive hundreds of tentacles.

Thousands of tentacles fell from the sky like meteors. They fell at an invisible speed and instantly defeated the arm of One Hundred Fenmu Shen.

Finally. Countless bombardments hit the body of one percent Fenmu Shen.

One percent Fenmu Shen was miserable. His whole body was smoking and exuding a burnt smell. Then his whole body was disintegrated and dispersed into particles of dust...

At the same time, in the universe, Fenmu Shen's body spat out a large mouthful of blood.





Chapter 1577 The tacit understanding between brother and sister ①


The moment one percent of Fenmu Shen's soul collapsed under Father Wang's "Wooden Messy Fist Dying Sensei's Punch", the damage was sent back to Fenmu Shen's original body. The damage from the backlash was sent back to Fenmu Shen's original body.

He never expected that the one percent soul he had scattered on the earth would be defeated...

This result was somewhat difficult for him to accept.

In fact, not to mention him, even the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception were dumbfounded when they saw this scene.

It turns out that it was just when Father Wang decided to stand up like a man and accept the duel with One Percent Fenmu Shen.

Immortal Toya broadcast the entire battle scene live to a group group of core members within the Office of Strategic Deception.

In the eyes of many core members of the Office of Strategic Deception such as Lord Diu Lei. For a long time, the seniors in the Wang family's small villa lived modestly, living an ordinary life, staying at home with the air conditioner blowing, connected to wifi, and experiencing the sufferings of the world...

In their inherent impression, they have never seen Father Wang take action.

But at this moment, Immortal Toya's live broadcast completely broke everyone's memory. What followed was cheers from the entire Office of Strategic Deception core member group!

"This... Is this Senior Wang! Senior Wang is so strong! I've never seen him fight before. I thought he was just an ordinary person." Lord Lightning Dharma's gaze was horified.

He thought of how he wanted to test Father Wang when he visited the Wang family's villa several times before.

In the end, I didn't dare to take action because I was too timid.

At this time, he was extremely grateful for the fact that he was "frightened" at that time...

It's a good thing I didn't take action.

If he did this... would he still be alive today?

"This is why you don't understand, Father Wang. The seniors in the Wang family are not ordinary people. I have thought so since a long time ago." Lord Diu Lei showed wonder and approval in his eyes. At the same time, he also deeply admired Father Wang.

If you don't take action, that's it. Once you take action, it will be shocking...

He is indeed the father of your brother and Ah Nuan girl!

The man who gave birth to two space-level monsters one after another!

In a sense. Lord Diu Lei feels that Father Wang and Mother Wang are the strongest...

In comparison, he actually would rather believe that Father Wang, Mother Wang and Mr. Wang are very powerful people.

If these three are all mortals... then the birth of Wang Ling and Wang Nuan is probably an unsolved mystery of the universe.

This gene mutation is not that mutated!

Meanwhile. On the Island of the Sun.

Sun Rong looked at the scene in front of him in surprise. He was also thinking deeply in his heart.

As one of the few ordinary people who know that Father Wang and Mother Wang are indeed powerless.

The girl subconsciously thought of the person behind Father Wang's move. It must be Wang Ling.

Judging from the content of the video, it looks a bit like the "attunement technique" of classmate Wang Ling?

Could it be that it inspired Uncle Wang’s left and right arms?

Although Wang Ling did not tell Sun Rong about this.

But with Sun Rong's current understanding of the boy, she still guessed the whole thing.

Wang Ling is really too powerful...

With just one shot of enlightenment, Uncle Wang, an ordinary man, could beat Fenmu Shen to death with a random punch.

Although it's only one percent...

But the opponent is the self-proclaimed overlord of the universe. An eternal figure.

With such huge energy, even one percent of the power is far beyond the level of the strongest True Immortal on earth.

Just a moment.

Wang Ling's tall and majestic image has improved a lot in Sun Rong's heart.

"But... it's amazing. Ah Nuan girl was born just now. She can actually restrain Fenmu Shen's body." Wang Ming leaned next to Sun Rong to watch the live broadcast.

He is actually one of the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception. But he has not been added to the group. It is an operation to avoid suspicion.

However, this does not actually prevent Wang Ming from obtaining information. If he wants to know anything, he can directly ask Wang Ling.

And now, after Sun Rong was pulled into the group, there are some things that Wang Ling is unwilling to say. He can also ask Sun Rong! To put it bluntly, even if they are future siblings, they are still one of their own.

Of course. Just when the whole audience was cheering for Father Wang and Wang Nuan.

There is one person who is outside the situation.

This person is none other than Zhai Yin.

"What are you talking about? Why can't I understand?" Zhai Yin had a somewhat puzzled expression on his face.

"Nothing." Wang Ming said proactively: "Ah Nuan girl was just born. Rongrong is showing me the photos."

Regarding the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception. Since there was no permission from Lord Diu Lei, Wang Ming had to do Tai Chi first.

"Ah! Wang Nuan is born? Is this considered a premature birth?" Zhai Yin looked surprised: "Is it possible that she is very weak?"

"That's right...but it's not weak."

Having said this, Wang Ming glanced at Wang Ling subconsciously.

He listened to Zhai Yin's words with a wry smile in his heart.

The premature baby in your eyes. Now he is fighting against an eternal master who claims to be the overlord of the universe... How can he be called weak!

Seeing Wang Ming's look, Zhai Yin felt that he understood: "Oh! I know! Is Ah Nuan girl the same as your brother? She is very powerful when she strikes?"

Wang Ming nodded. He couldn't help but reach out and pinch Zhai Yin's cheeks. He laughed: "Yinzi. I realize that sometimes you are really quite unaware."

"These things are too complicated. Even if it were someone else, it would be difficult to accept them," Zhai Yin said.

Then. Her next words made Wang Ming almost kneel down on the spot.

"Speaking of which, how strong was Ah Nuan girl when she was born? She's already a Foundation Building, right?"

Wang Ming: "..."

Sun Rong: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

...

In fact. Wang Ling had already noticed the birth of Wang Nuan when he was in the waiting room.

There is no active induction.

It was purely a sixth sense based on blood relationship. It made Wang Ling realize that he finally had a biological sister.

Across the vast ocean, Wang Ling, far away on Sun Island, took a deep breath.

Even from such a long distance, he could smell the baby's milky fragrance when Ah Nuan girl was born.

After having an extra sister...

Wang Ling suddenly felt a special feeling.

He felt as if he was no longer alone.

After so many years, all the loneliness and pain that has been sealed in my heart finally has a second person who can understand it.

Wang Ling felt a "happy emotion" in his heart.

But before this emotion could be fed back to the face through the brain nerves, it was suppressed by a force.

Thus. Ah Nuan girl was born.

Wang Ling On the surface, it seems to be much calmer than imagined.

This is my sister's battle.

In fact, he has been paying attention.

Paying attention to every movement of Fenmu Shen's body. I'm afraid that the opponent will hit Ah Nuan girl too hard.

But Wang Ling is actually very clear.

Ah Nuan girl couldn't wait to be born. In fact, she also wanted to challenge this eternal cosmic powerhouse...

He thought he could provide some help to Ah Nuan girl when she needed it most.

But judging from the current results.

Ah Nuan girl doesn't seem to need help...

but.

Just in case.

Wang Ling still gave Fenmu Shen a slap in the face.





Chapter 1578 The tacit understanding between brother and sister②


Not an ordinary person?

Fenmu Shen's body frowned. After losing one percent of his soul power, the pain that came back through his mind and soul made him frown.

Because of Peng Xiren's body, Fenmu Shen inherited the benefits of the entire sky tomb.

But now Fenmu Shen finds that he seems to be restrained by this physical sentence.

After all, it's still not as useful as his original body...

Because the strength of the physical body is somewhat lower than the original body, even the pain caused by the backlash will be doubled. The flexibility will also be much lower than before.

He was filled with surprise. Now even he began to doubt whether he really couldn't beat this baby.

"I know. I won't believe I can't kill you."

Fenmu Shen's face turned pale. I don't know why the more he and Wang Nuan fought, the more humble he felt like a clown.

In such uneasiness, Fenmu Shen began to frantically sacrifice the Chaos Artifact he had obtained in the Sky Tomb.

The supreme battle!

He roared. He held a six-winged supreme sword and waved it towards Wang Nuan. It rolled up a golden wave! Legend has it that it was made from the phoenix feathers of the chaotic black phoenix, the beast of time.

This is a wave of time that can make years pass crazily. Those covered will be affected by a weak aura, which will accelerate aging and death.

But what Fenmu Shen didn't expect was.

Wang Nuan actually also used his own Shadow to copy a supreme weapon.

It's just that this supreme sword is not six-winged.

It's from Sixty-Six Wings...

Ah Nuan girl directly copied and upgraded it into the Supreme Supreme Battle 66. And it is also a PLUS...

A bigger golden wave of aging is coming. Hedging against Fenmu Shen.

Not to mention swallowing up all his time waves. It also completely covered Fenmu Shen.

The pain of aging has caused many cracks to appear on Fenmu Shen's young body.

After the wave passed, his skin completely drooped and relaxed, and all the muscles in his body disappeared...like a sponge that had been drained of water and shriveled up.

However, this kind of aging power does not lead to death.

Fenmu Shen absorbed the power of chaos in the space. He used the power of chaos to supplement himself. He restored his body bit by bit.

And then. In the ensuing battle...

The previous scene repeated itself like sit-ups.

Fenmu Shen used - "Tianba Nightmare Spear!"

Wang Nuan copied and upgraded--"Tianba Nightmare Gun PLUS!"

Fenmu Shen used the "Withered Shield" made from the face of the most shameless author in history, Ku Xuan! It released the dragging light wave. Trying to slow down all Wang Nuan's actions!

Wang Nuan copied and upgraded--"Mugu Shield!"

Fenmu Shen used - "Hongmeng Whip!"

Wang Nuan copied and upgraded--"Hongmeng whips his father!"

...

As the battle progressed, Fenmu Shen discovered a very embarrassing situation.

He thought he had earned an entire "Heavenly Tomb" by relying on Peng Xiren's body.

This is a very good deal.

But he never expected that the little girl in front of him now, even if he didn't inherit the Sky Tomb... could also use his Shadow ability to copy the eternal chaos period he inherited from the Sky Tomb.

In other words, the more you use the chaos weapons in these tombs, the faster the other party will grow.

And he will also draw inferences from one instance and upgrade the magic weapon.

No matter what kind of chaos weapon he uses, it will eventually be countered.

Suddenly. Fenmu Shen was surprised to find that he had turned into a... tool man?

Carefully recall the entire journey from controlling Peng Xiren's body to successfully finding the entrance to the tomb to defeating the old woman guarding the tomb.

Fenmu Shen suddenly frowned and realized something was wrong.

Because all of this seems to be going too smoothly.

How could a cunning old guy like Dao Ancestor Wang only send an old woman to guard the door of a place as important as the Sky Tomb?

He has fought against Dao Ancestor Wang many times. He has a good understanding of Dao Ancestor Wang's character.

Now that I think about it carefully, I feel that all of this was a calculated trap.

If the old guy takes into account the fact that he switches into Peng Xiren's physical body, his combat power will actually be limited.

Counting the enemy he will face later, it will be this weird shadow girl in front of him.

After all, all the magic weapons he inherited in the Sky Tomb will be countered by this girl...

At this time, Fenmu Shen didn’t dare to think about it anymore.

To him. Dao Ancestor Wang is dead.

An old guy whose whereabouts are unknown. How could he have predicted what happened today aeons ago!

Impossible...

It can't be like this!

Although Fenmu Shen didn't want to admit it, there was indeed a bit of fear in his eyes at this moment.

And the problem before him now is Wang Nuan.

At this time, Fenmu Shen had no other choice.

He must completely kill the girl in front of him to prove that he has not been plotted by Dao Ancestor Wang.

After the thoughts on his livid face returned, he directly reached out to grab Wang Nuan. He didn't believe that he was a Heavenly Ancestor. He couldn't even deal with a newborn baby girl!

If he is defeated by Wang Nuan here, he will be forever engraved on the pillar of shame in history!

However, what awaited him was Wang Nuan's ruthless ravage.

A black square mark appeared. It was very similar to something Fenmu Shen had seen in the sky tomb. The huge pressure turned into the word "human" and bombarded him. Hitting his body one after another.

Fenmu Shen could not feel the physical pain. But when these markings hit his body, they erupted with a terrifying energy that penetrated into his soul.

Then the herringbone marks that were struck on his body exploded after being immersed in the depths of his soul. The explosion caused Fenmu Shen's body to roar.

It was as if he had just swallowed several firecrackers.

"Herringbone Avenue Seal...How could she have this..." Fenmu Shen became even more horrified.

Because Ah Nuan girl sacrificed a tomb chaos weapon that he had never shown before!

--Herringbone Avenue Seal!

This is the Chaos Device that Fenmu Shen found in a golden coffin in the Sky Tomb. It is very old. Although it is very strong, it has long lost its power. It is so incomplete that it cannot be put back into use at all.

However, Fenmu Shen did not throw it away. Instead, he planned to collect it first, hoping to find a way to repair it in the future.

And in the celestial tomb, like the herringbone avenue seal, it was already incomplete.

But there are still many powerful chaos weapons that have been famous throughout the ages.

The situation at this time had already made Fenmu Shen aware that the situation was different.

He did not display this incomplete product.

This girl was actually able to use the power of shadow to restore it. She even repaired it at the same time.

At this moment, Fenmu Shen was completely silent.

Because he thought of a shocking fact that he had to admit...

That is. The little girl in front of me has probably used her Shadow ability.

Completed a copy of the entire tomb!!!

PS: The easter egg chapter has Fenmu Shen's character design. The coloring has not been completed yet. It is just a line drawing to complete Fenmu Shen's current appearance for everyone (this is what Fenmu Shen looks like after taking Peng Xiren's body and merging with Peng Xiren. . In other words, part of the human shape belongs to Peng Xiren)





Chapter 1579 The tacit understanding between brother and sister③


At the moment when she recognized the reality, five words immediately popped into Fenmu Shen's mind.

That is: What a slap in the face!

The inheritance rights to the sky tomb that he had worked so hard to obtain were actually completely copied by a girl using her own abilities.

This is a fact that Fenmu Shen neither dares to imagine nor accept.

Now he is trapped in the shadow space. He is restricted by Wang Nuan at every turn.

Coupled with the constant impact of the herringbone seal just now, Fenmu Shen's face turned pale for a moment. It was quite ugly.

He didn't want to really lose at the hands of a baby.

So I had to work hard to think of ways to get out of the predicament.

Eternal-level powerhouses. Creatures that have survived since the beginning of the universe... How many people have turned into bones in the eternal years. But Fenmu Shen is still alive. The reason behind this is probably the continuous accumulation of experience and some specific factors.

At this time, Fenmu Shen stared at Wang Nuan and thought deeply.

Although the current situation was very unfavorable to him, he never thought of showing his trump card in front of a newborn girl...

I remember the match between Dao Ancestor Wang and him.

He did not play that card until he was about to die. Instead, he exercised extreme forbearance.

In the eyes of others, it is a spiritual game between eternal powerful men.

Fenmu Shen knew very well that the last trump card he had was an existence that even the old guy Dao Ancestor Wang was afraid of... Therefore, the old guy only dared to separate and seal him, but did not dare to kill him completely.

That old guy knows his personality. If he decides that it's a dead end, he will definitely drag someone down to support him.

However, the current situation cannot be called a "dead end" for Fenmu Shen.

It's just a "dilemma".

It's like a game of chess. He believes that as long as he plays it correctly, there is still room for a comeback.

"Buzz!"

At this moment, Fenmu Shen's brows condensed. Laws appeared on his body. Countless black curse marks seeped out from every inch of his skin, covering his whole body instantly like a reptile.

At the same time, his evil purple pupils burst out with a horrifying light, as if he was analyzing something.

Immediately afterwards, Fenmu Shen looked ecstatic and raised her lips again: "I see...this is the power of Shadow!"

He seemed to have seen through something. He fell into that aloof posture again.

Facing Fenmu Shen. Wang Nuan could not help but shed a drop of cold sweat on his forehead.

She didn't know why. From that second on, she did feel that the aura of the "monster" in front of her seemed to be a little different...

I have become a lot more cautious.

Inside the core conference room of the Office of Strategic Deception.

Zhuo YiThrough the sword light of "Yu", the battle images of Wang Nuan and Fenmu Shen in the universe are released.

"It turns out that in addition to chopping vegetables, it also has such a function." Everyone was surprised.

"It is the sword of prophecy, the sword of destiny. The sword light itself has the ability to analyze time and space." Zhuo Yi said.

The expression on his face should have been a proud smile. But there seems to be something wrong with the current battle situation in the universe.

"What the hell is Fenmu Shen up to..."

"I don't know. But I always feel that this person seems to be a little different from before. It seems that he has an aura of greatness."

"An extra aura of greatness?"

Soon, Lord Diu Lei seemed to have thought of something. He suddenly raised his head and said, "Could it be said that the other party can complete the study of the art in an extreme time and learn Sister Nuan's Shadow like Brother Ling?"

"This... this is impossible..." Among the core members, many people looked in horror, showing disbelief.

They couldn't understand it because it was so nerve-wracking!

But it seems that there is only one reason for the situation in front of me. To explain...

After all, the other party was the eternal evil god who gave Dao Ancestor Wang such a headache that he couldn't completely deal with it.

Having such an ability is unexpected. But it is also reasonable.

At this moment when everyone was thinking, another riot broke out in the shadow space of the universe!

A big riot broke out in the originally stable shadow space. It seemed like it was about to burst apart.

A powerful wave of energy is released!

This is the unmistakable power of Shadow!

But what is extremely shocking is that this energy was not released by Wang Nuan!

Boom!

The pre-broadcast video was momentarily interrupted.

On the other side, inside the waiting room of the players in Sun Island.

At this moment, Wang Ming suddenly felt his eyes go dark. A force stopped him. The brain waves that caused him to scatter into the universe had to be taken back.

"What's wrong?" Zhai Yin walked over with concern and touched Wang Ming's forehead. It was very hot, but not to the extreme.

Upon seeing this, Sun Rong very skillfully applied a {cooling technique} to Wang Ming.

Tear it apart!

A large amount of white mist was instantly released above Wang Ming's head.

"Much better..." Wang Ming breathed a sigh of relief. He had just used brain waves to watch the battle. He directly used brain waves to connect the nerves of Ah Nuan girl's body. Then he saw the differentiated shadow of Ah Nuan girl was fighting with Fenmu Shen battle scene.

Everything was working fine originally. The result was just that second.

After Fenmu Shen smiled evilly, this neural link was forced to be interrupted.

"Ling Ling. Something seems wrong..." Wang Ming said while rubbing his head.

He saw that Wang Ling was sitting cross-legged in the corner of the lounge. His soul had already left his body and he was wandering in the sky.

Wang Ming couldn't help laughing: "It seems that someone is more anxious than I thought."

However, the words were not finished. It only lasted for a few seconds.

Wang Ling retracted his thoughts and opened his eyes again.

The reason was that Ah Nuan wanted to fight again. He drove him back...

"He is an eternal warrior after all. His combat experience is not comparable to that of Ah Nuan. You shouldn't pamper her so much. Besides, that person has already learned Shadow... his abilities and room for growth are beyond our imagination." Wang Ming was obviously worried.

"It's okay."Wang Ling shook his head and said.

He had just been in a state of wandering. Although he was driven back by Ah Nuan girl, he also made a basic assessment of the battle situation in front of him.

Fenmu Shen did learn Shadow in a very short period of time. And it is true that he tried to use Shadow to unlock the shadow space.

The learning ability exceeds all opponents Wang Ling has encountered before.

But it's a pity.

Fenmu Shen actually didn't realize what kind of opponent he was facing...

There is more to Dao than imitation.

Although some people are born with Heavenly Dao, the existence of Heavenly Dao itself, the order and laws established behind it are all determined by the original creator.

Since Wang Nuan is the founder of Shadow.

Then you have supreme authority.

Therefore, even if Fenmu Shen is learned, it will be useless.

Because Wang Nuan.

It can be confiscated.

...

Of course. In the above order and rules.

There is only one person in the universe that can be ignored.

And this person is Wang Ling.





Chapter 1580 Wang Nuan. Extreme pressure resistance


Fenmu Shen's learning ability is amazing. Although Wang Nuan has just been born, she has the memory of when she was still a cell.

In Wang Nuan's impression, there was only one person in the universe with such a strong learning ability. Before she was born, his brother Wang Ling was the only one.

She didn't expect Fenmu Shen to be able to do this. Analyze Shadow in just a few minutes.

And the other party's purpose is very clear.

The moment I learned Shadow, I immediately had an impact on the shadow space.

The shadow space is equivalent to Wang Nuan's exclusive domain.

If we continue to fight here, there is absolutely no chance of winning.

Because Fenmu Shen's fighting ideas are very clear.

He did not engage in a love battle. Instead, he directly tore the exit of the shadow space and fled.

When Wang Nuan chased him out, he saw a dharma with an eternal imprint burning in the universe outside the space, as if some ancient ritual was being performed.

As the decree burned, a majestic horn sounded in the universe. It seemed like thousands of troops were attacking.

Suddenly, countless black horses crisscrossed the surroundings.

Some of the spears bombarded down and chopped at Wang Nuan's body.

It was hard for Wang Nuan to imagine that a newborn baby girl could survive unscathed in such a chaotic and apocalyptic universe.

This apocalyptic scene was accompanied by the burning decree. It lasted for several minutes, but it was as long as millions of years.

Wang Nuan suddenly noticed that the nearby environment no longer belonged to the earth.

This seems... after Fenmu Shen burned the decree.

Using the power of obtaining the decree, the space was forcibly transferred.

"Girl, the land you are on is my core stronghold in the infinite universe. Those lowly earth cultivators like to call such a place the inherent spiritual realm. That is just the beginning." Fenmu Shen sneered. Get up.

Above the inherent spiritual realm are the small world, the big world and the core world.

It is the ability of a high-ranking and powerful cultivator to create a world and construct laws within his body.

If every cell in the human body is regarded as a living person, then the human body itself is a universe-like existence.

And the universe they are in now... maybe it's just cells in another person's body...

Of course. This ability to construct the laws of the world within the body is extremely strong. In such a world, the creator of the world is God.

Wang Nuan frowned slightly.

There is an existence stronger than the core world. That is the "Chaos Core".

It is a supreme world gradually built based on the power of chaos in the universe.

Not many people can build such a world. Only eternal living fossils like Fenmu Shen can do it.

Because the supreme world is too vast, it usually cannot be stored in the body.

You can only choose another place to develop.

This mechanism is a bit like the Heavenly Dao testing ground called "Unspeakable Land" created by Dao Ancestor Wang when he founded Heavenly Dao.

That is actually a kind of supreme world. But it is a simplified version.

The supreme world that Wang Nuan is now in, dominated by Fenmu Shen, is tens of thousands of times larger than the Unspeakable Land.

The sky is shrouded in purple chaotic clouds. The barren and cracked earth is devoid of any life. Such a supreme world often symbolizes the heart of the founder.

A bare ancient mountain. Wang Nuan looked around. Every inch of this world was filled with graves...

The ancient characters on it can be written with all the eternal masters that Fenmu Shen has killed in the past.

I'm afraid he was also affected by the summoning decree. He was forced to be summoned here in reverse.

The last bit was tortured by Fenmu Shen. The last strength was exhausted. The glory of eternity faded. Buried forever in the cold mound of this supreme world...

After being summoned here, although Wang Nuan had closed the right to use Fenmu ShenShadow, the person in front of him didn't care at all.

"Sure enough, it's just as I thought. You are the founder of this path." Fenmu Shen's eyes narrowed slightly.

From the very beginning when he learned Shadow, he focused on tearing apart the Shadow space. Then he arranged for Wang Nuan to enter his own supreme world.

The purpose is clear. It is to break through the Shadow space!

After this goal has been achieved, even if Wang Nuan turns off the permission, Fenmu Shen thinks it's okay.

In this supreme world, he is the real master.

Although Wang Nuan has the ability to control shadows, in this world, Fenmu Shen also has the ability to control every plant and tree here, and even every inch of shadow.

This is not the power of Shadow. It is a kind of authority originating from the highest world level.

It is equivalent to forming a restriction with Wang Nuan.

"Girl, the situation seems to have been reversed." Fenmu Shen's voice was distant and long. Through the land of this supreme world, it seemed that it could be transmitted to the distant shore of the universe.

He put his hands on his back, suspended in the void, and slowly shuttled across the land beneath his feet. Every tomb here was an eternal level powerful person that he had personally killed.

Among these people, some were also arrogant geniuses since they were born, but they still lost to him in the end...

These tombstones are engraved with names. Some names have been worn away by time. Even Fenmu Shen can't remember who is buried.

He killed too many geniuses and too many powerful men. It is impossible to remember all their names.

But these ones with tombstones were at least opponents who had lasted three minutes under his hands.

Those who haven't lasted more than three minutes are just small raised mounds of earth in this supreme world.

These people don't even deserve names.

"Girl, you should feel lucky... because you are about to have a tombstone with your name engraved on it."

Fenmu Shen said. Looking at Wang Nuan on the mountain in the distance: "I will put this tombstone on the highest mountain. Among all my current opponents, except Dao Ancestor Wang, you are the one who has fought with me the longest. It will take a long time. But once you enter here, you will not have the possibility of turning over..."

As soon as he finished speaking, the entire supreme world suddenly heard countless complicated sounds from all directions.

It was like thousands of creatures were crying. Those eternal strong men buried in the land had a powerful resentment that broke out in an instant.

It was like a flood, pressing down on Wang Nuan in front of him. It felt like the sky was falling.

Wang Nuan, who was originally confident of winning, began to regret. Why didn't he accept Wang Ling's assistance just now?

She was just born. The first opponent she faced was the eternal strong man who was the overlord of the universe. The pressure of the supreme world made her heart surge with turmoil.

Wang Nuan held back his strength and tried to stabilize his body. But this terrible resentment was too strong.

With her baby body, it seems a little unstoppable...

"Ha. A baby is just a baby after all." Fenmu Shen sneered at this scene.

He saw Wang Nuan suppressing his blush and looking like he was trying his best to suck milk. He couldn't help but feel a little proud in his heart.

Fenmu Shen put his hand over his hand and pressed it, increasing the pressure again.

He thought Wang Nuan would be dealt with soon.

But what Fenmu Shen never expected was that by the time he decided to increase the pressure for the third time, a full five minutes had already passed.

"What a monster..." Fenmu Shen was surprised.

Ordinary eternal masters could not resist for more than a few seconds under the pressure of 10% of his supreme world. The person with the highest record could withstand it for about 10 seconds.

But the girl in front of him, under the pressure of 50% of his world power, actually persisted for five minutes in a daze.

"Do you want to use all your strength..."

Fenmu Shen's eyes narrowed.

100% world pressure. He has never tried it, because improper operation can easily cause the world to collapse.

But now, in order to completely eliminate Wang Nuan, Fenmu Shen is determined for the rest of his life.

"Girl. Let's see how long you can hold on."

Fenmu Shen was merciless. He put his hand down for the fourth time, directly increasing the world's pressure from 50% to 80%... and then continued to oppress through a slowly rising trend.

Under such pressure, Wang Nuan finally felt a little tired.

She held back her strength. A tear was squeezed out from her red little face and fell on the ground.

It was also at this moment.

Fenmu Shen suddenly felt that his supreme world was invaded by a foreign object.

He did not stop oppressing.

Instead, he carefully observed Wang Nuan in front of him.

He could foresee that this little girl was about to lose her strength.

This is something Fenmu Shen never expected.

When Wang Nuan's tears fell, there was actually a small green grass on that barren ancient mountain. It grew out against all the pressure...

Immediately afterwards, a ray of emerald-green body-protecting sword light seeped out from the cracks in the barren ancient mountain. It gently wrapped Wang Nuan in it.





Chapter 1581 Immortal Sister Wang Nuan


The extremely powerful sword light has a spirituality that relieves all pressure. It suddenly forms a confrontation with the countless resentments in the supreme world.

Fenmu Shen was shocked by the scene in front of her. She never expected that Wang Nuan's tear would actually turn the situation around at the critical moment.

In the waiting room. Wang Ling remotely observed the battle. At the same time, the scene was shared in Wang Ming's mind.

Both brothers are paying close attention to the development of the war situation.

"Did Leng Ming appear...I see..." The moment he saw the green grass appear, Wang Ming felt relieved.

He was thinking about a question in his mind.

Wang Ling is the immortal king. Then Wang Nuan is the immortal sister.

Then. Ah Nuan's tears are the legendary... Sister juice!

"..." Wang Ling's mouth twitched.

Pretend you didn't hear anything.

Leng Ming's appearance was expected by Wang Ling. Because Leng Ming originally had a savior mechanism. Normally, it may be the sword master's blood that can trigger this effect similar to the "Savior's Blade".

This is an implicit rule for all sword spirits produced in the Sword King Realm. As long as the sword master is recognized and the sword spirit is needed, the sword spirit will definitely appear.

But Wang Ling doesn’t want Wang Nuan to be harmed in the slightest.

This rule was forcibly modified especially for Wang Nuan. Just one tear can trigger this protective effect.

The Supreme World. Accompanied by Leng Ming's emerald green sword light, this place full of desolation and death seemed to be rejuvenated with new vitality.

Fenmu Shen looked surprised. He didn't take Leng Ming seriously at first.

It was just a small tomb grass. It didn't deserve any surprise from him.

However, when Leng Ming appeared, Fenmu Shen had to admit that he was amazed by the growth of this grass.

Leng Ming was born as if he had just returned from special training. He obviously had the body of a child, but his body was obviously stronger than before. He seemed to have grown a lot taller.

He was wearing a gray-green training suit with a strap around his waist. His whole body was filled with an aura of agility, like an elf living in the forest.

When the sword energy surged, Leng Ming's hair naturally floated, exuding a kind of spirituality.

With Leng Ming as the center, this barren ancient mountain was instantly covered with tender green grass.

The wildfire cannot be burned out. The spring breeze blows and rekindles it.

These grasses possess unimaginable resilience. They are constantly destroyed and resurrected in this supreme world full of resentment...

"How could he grow so much."

When the Sword King Realm was in chaos, Fenmu Shen clearly remembered Leng Ming's appearance at that time.

It can only be said that the changes brought about now are too great.

"In this supreme world of mine, there is no need to be presumptuous."

Fenmu Shen began to become angry. The bare ancient mountain in front of him suddenly turned into an oasis.

It made him feel extra dazzling.

The dead and rejuvenated grasses were spreading out like geckos. Fenmu Shen exploded with his final power!

One hundred percent of the supreme world pressure!

Bomb them all!

Suddenly, the wailing sound in this world became louder. Resentful screams and painful moans came one after another. It was accompanied by a kind of wailing like a collapse of the sky.

The billowing black gas surged in from the distant horizon, causing this supreme world to fall into unprecedented depression.

These black energies transformed into people of different shapes and colors as they approached. Their scarlet eyes exuded a light like the underworld.

They are all the ancient powerful men who were once killed by Fenmu Shen. Now they are all mobilized by the Supreme World and sacrificed to become an undead army.

Stepping on black clouds, the uniformly black armor of the undead was so eerie that it made the world tremble.

The vast army of undead rushed from afar and besieged the green ancient mountain where Wang Nuan was.

It's a dark place underneath.

The ancient mountain of Wang Nuan has turned into the only oasis at this moment. It is like the last light in a world that is about to be covered by endless darkness.

"Don't be afraid. I will protect you!" Leng Ming frowned slightly and stretched out his strong little arms to block the Ah Nuan girl behind him. His small body actually looked like a giant at this moment.

The first battle after returning from practice was like this. This was also a test for Leng Ming himself.

But he was not frightened by the hellish scene in front of him.

Instead, he kept thinking about the combat skills taught to him by his master and mistress during the special training.

At the same time, he is also measuring the gap in combat power between his side and Fenmu Shen.

This is the supreme world of Fenmu Shen. In this world, Fenmu Shen can do everything he wants to do.

"We can't delay here any longer. We have to find a way to split this world apart."

So, after thinking carefully, Leng Ming said.

Fenmu Shen laughed on the spot when he heard this. He held his stomach. It was as if he had heard the funniest joke in history: "Do you think my highest world is a watermelon? Just chop it if you want? Don't forget. You are just a piece of watermelon." Grass."

"Shut up! How do you know if you don't give it a blow?" Leng Ming was in an extremely high fighting mood and refused to admit defeat easily.

Boom!

At this moment, the undead army in the distance was getting closer. The deep and murderous aura of the sea of blood swept in. It came down with destructive oppression.

This is an unimaginable deterrent.

The powerful fluctuations deeply shocked Leng Ming.

Leng Ming had never felt this level of pressure before. Even when he accepted the mixed doubles match between Jingke and Bai Qiao, the pressure he endured did not seem to be as huge as before.

"Do you feel the difference?" At this moment, Fenmu Shen slowly reached out and curled his fingers. He slowly closed his palms together. With every inch of force he applied, the energy wave became stronger.

It seems like there will never be an end.

Leng Ming began to become nervous, but he still persisted.

He came here to protect Wang Nuan. He also wanted to show off the results of his special training. He didn't want to embarrass his master.

"Hey."

At this moment, Wang Nuan slowly crawled over and lay on Leng Ming's back.

The soft touch carried the fragrance of baby milk. Leng Ming's face suddenly turned red: "Ah Nuan..."

At this moment, Leng Ming felt a sense of peace of mind.

It's not just Leng Ming. Wang Nuan also feels the same way.

Because of the appearance of Leng Ming, the pressure on this world brought by the Supreme World is equivalent to being divided into two parts.

Wang Nuan and Leng Ming. At this time, the two masters and servants share the pressure of the world equally. They have suddenly become each other's salvation.

Wang Nuan said nothing. Like a soft plaster, he held Leng Ming's neck tightly.

At the next moment, the little girl's eyes began to become sharp.

Leng Ming understood instantly.

The real counterattack is about to begin!

Although Ah Nuan girl was just born, her strategic thinking is extremely clear.

She blessed Leng Ming with her Shadow power. It only took a moment. The tender green grass that was spreading around began to spread outward at an extremely fast speed...

The speed of this spread was extremely alarming, forming a green wave that collided with Fenmu Shen's undead army.

"You actually use the shadow of these grasses to offset the effect of withering..."

Fenmu Shen was shocked.

He didn't want to think that the little girl in front of him and the grass would have such an unexpected effect.

If this continues, his supreme world will be completely turned green!





Chapter 1582 The most powerful backpack-type power bank in the universe!


Fenmu Shen's expression changed. The greenery that flourished in the supreme world began to expand to the surroundings. The pressure of 10% of the world and the resentment of the army of the dead seemed to be naturally restrained.

Wang Nuan and Leng Ming had a tacit understanding. Suddenly, the situation was reversed. It was beyond everyone's expectation.

Fenmu Shen manifested a compass in his hand. He was filled with murderous intent. He gathered all his energy to resist the green energy that suddenly appeared in the supreme world.

The two energies collided together and resounded loudly, just like the great sound of the great avenue sweeping through the whole world.

A black-purple electric light streaked across the sky. The compass in Fenmu Shen's hand was transformed from the core of the supreme world. It was like the captain's rudder on a giant ship.

He has never exerted 100% of the world's pressure. Therefore, he had to control the compass himself to make his power more stable.

"No one can act arrogantly in my world..."

He gritted his teeth, held the compass tightly, and tried to assume a superior posture. He tried his best to release his energy and stabilize the sudden change in the supreme world.

Wang Ling looked at this scene from a distance. Fenmu Shen felt particularly desolate at this moment.

He is like those palace emperors in TV dramas who experienced coups with their own eyes, but had no choice but to wear dragon robes and wave golden swords at a loss.

"Get down here!"

At this moment, Leng Ming shouted loudly.

There was a kind of masculine perseverance in the voice that was slightly milky.

Buzz! A sound!

The green light rising into the sky is like a bonfire that illuminates the light. It dissolves this dark world.

puff!

Fenmu Shen vomited blood and fell to the ground. He tried hard to stabilize his body and did not want to kneel down.

The core compass in his hand actually cracked and cracked under the pressure of Leng Ming and Wang Nuan!

Who would have thought that a newborn baby and a sword spirit who had also just been born and had just undergone a few special trainings would actually be fighting an eternal living fossil standing at the top of the universe.

Moreover, even though he was clearly in the opponent's supreme world, he still managed to suppress him!

This made Fenmu Shen extremely surprised. This is obviously his supreme world... He is obviously the only god here. But two children would actually dominate him!

At this time, Wang Nuan was lying on Leng Ming's back, as if there was a posture between the sword master and the sword spirit. The man and the sword were one.

Fenmu Shen changes color.

This little girl is terrifyingly strong. Even if she is just born, her strength is unfathomable.

Although she has never had combat experience, with her strong learning ability, this girl has also grown rapidly in combat.

Like a battle-hardened veteran.

He looked at Wang Nuan and Leng Ming in front of him and fell into a daze for a moment.

Boom!

The earth of the highest world began to tremble. Powerful energy impacted the earth. Countless green rays of light were released from the cracks like fountains.

The cracks in the core compass are even bigger!

Fenmu Shen is unbelievable.

The supreme world he has worked so hard to build for so long is about to be lost!

Wang Ming was completely stunned.

Ah Nuan girl becomes even more powerful after having Leng Ming.

He originally thought that Ah Nuan girl might need Wang Ling's help to kill this Fenmu Shen...

But I didn't expect that this girl could do it alone.

In a sense, he felt that Ah Nuan girl's intensity when she was just born was actually higher than Wang Ling... But it was a pity. After all, she was born ten years later than Wang Ling. Six years. This gap cannot be made up by Wang Nuan's strong growth ability.

The growth potential of Wang Ling is also incredible. And it is getting more and more incredible...

However, the reason why Wang Ming is watching this battle now is not to compare who is stronger or to simply join in the fun.

Because of the research on the black stone, he felt that he should be able to find inspiration from the newly born Ah Nuan girl and look for subsequent ideas for cracking.

At least that's what he thought at first...

But now, while he was watching the battle, his mind was also blank.

It fully proves the classic line "But I am uneducated. I can take the world with just one word."

The little girl is so strong. It's so strong that Wang Ming can't believe it.

He could actually predict that Wang Nuan was probably not a normal human being...but he didn't expect that this girl would overturn Fenmu Shen's table just after she was born. (╯‵□′)╯︵┻┻

"You said I would split the world. I will split it open and show it to you!"

At this time, in the supreme world, another roar of Leng Ming rang out. His small body swallowed thousands of miles, shattering all the haze in this world.

A bit of rice-like green sword light condensed from Leng Ming's fingertips like a seed.

Then it slowly dripped down to Leng Ming's feet like dew. In an instant, the sword energy surged to the sky.

The sword light from an invisible distance shot up from under his feet. At first it was only as high as grass. Then it quickly shot up! Standing tall against the sky and the ground! The brilliance caused Fenmu Shen to collapse!

In an instant, the universe of the supreme world was illuminated.

A subversion has officially begun.

Leng Ming's sword energy was too strong, especially when Wang Nuan was lying on his back to transmit energy to him. It was like a backpack-type power bank charging his mobile phone.

--The most powerful clip-on power bank in the universe!

This makes the already astonishing sword energy even more terrifying.

In an instant, sword energy spread across the supreme world. Hundreds of millions of divine lights tore through the sky. Every dark corner was illuminated.

The undead army summoned by Fenmu Shen also stopped moving.

They were struggling in pain and roaring as they approached Wang Nuan and Leng Ming. They moved forward with the momentum of thousands of troops and engulfed them. They wanted to tear Wang Nuan and Leng Ming into pieces.

However, at this moment, a mysterious scene appeared.

These undead souls transformed by the eternal strong men summoned by Fenmu Shen were all as motionless as if they were petrified at this moment.

In this supreme world filled with Leng Ming's sword energy.

One by one, they looked up at the green light in the sky, thoughtfully.

After a few seconds, both Wang Nuan and Leng Ming noticed that the red fierce light in these people's eyes disappeared... as if they had been purified.

This scene made Leng Ming hesitate. He did not take action. Instead, he stood there and watched this scene.

He could feel that these eternal strong men who were forced to become undead were getting relief little by little from the pain that had been accumulated in their hearts.

He originally wanted to sweep these people away with his sword energy.

But I never expected that these undead actually retained the last trace of humanity...

"Then just be detached." Leng Ming sighed inwardly.

He saw in front of him. Many dead souls turned into golden light particles under the breath of his sword. He realized that these poor people who were trapped by Fenmu Shen in this supreme world. After countless years, they had finally been reincarnated.. .

This is a warm scene.

However, at this moment, a loud voice came.

"Kill!"

Fenmu Shen roared. He attacked his undead army: "You are all mine! I want you to die! You must die! You losers only deserve to eat dust. You are not worthy of reincarnation!"

"Don't get in my way!"

Leng Ming frowned. He looked really angry.

He clenched his small fist and waved it towards Fenmu Shen from a distance.

Boom! The green sword light turned into a fist. It rushed quickly from a distance and hit Fenmu Shen's body. He was instantly knocked away.

Wang Ling watched this scene from a distance.

From his perspective, it felt like he had picked out a tiny ant from a green ocean.





Chapter 1583 The Worst Person


In a green ocean, Fenmu Shen is as small as a grain of sand. It is hard to imagine that this scene happened in Fenmu Shen's own supreme world.

He thought he could be invincible in the supreme world. But he didn't expect that he would be attacked by two children.

Such a shame and humiliation.

Fenmu Shen has never experienced it.

He was struggling in the green sea. He looked in great pain.

Leng Ming manipulated the billions of meters of sword energy to slowly cut across the front, dividing the ocean, and at the same time approaching like his body.

Fenmu Shen's eyes showed a look of horror. Because he suddenly found that he could not move. The green sword energy around him seemed to have grown countless hands to hold his body firmly.

"Guillotine..." Fenmu Shen thought of something instantly. His pupils dilated instantly.

Hearing this, Leng Ming couldn't help but ponder in his heart.

After all, he is an eternal living fossil. His experience is indeed much broader than that of many people.

This move is called "Grass Guillotine". The full name is: "Green Grass Guillotine".

It was a spell tailor-made by his master, Bai Qiao, based on his own characteristics.

It is said that the master's wife found inspiration from a certain game. The original name was "Noxus Guillotine".

All spirit swords have signature sword skills derived from their own characteristics.

For example, his master Jingke's signature sword skill is the "World-Destroying Sword".

And the Grass Guillotine move in front of me is the signature style created by Bai Qiao for Leng Ming.

Leng Ming never thought that he had just learned it and applied it in actual combat not long ago.

At this time, the vast green sea formed by the sword energy has firmly enveloped this supreme world. At the same time, it has also restricted Fenmu Shen's actions.

Grass Guillotine. Already generated.

Neither the body nor the soul can escape actively.

This is a doomed situation.

Boom!

Accompanied by countless undead legions that were simultaneously being purified and entering the reincarnation, the green sword energy that had been swimming in the ocean and slowly approaching was suppressed at the same time. It slashed towards Fenmu Shen's frozen body.

Just a moment.

Fenmu Shen's body was split into two by a green light. Extremely turbulent chaos energy surged out of his body.

The energy in his body is amazing.

Leng Ming felt as if he had cut into a big furnace that was about to explode.

Soon, a big explosion occurred in Fenmu Shen. A huge mushroom cloud rose with Fenmu Shen as the center.

The air wave of the explosion stretched for hundreds of millions of miles. It seemed to have spread to far away places.

"Is everything over?" Leng Ming looked at the scene in front of him and secretly breathed a sigh of relief.

He could indeed feel that Fenmu Shen's aura had disappeared.

A generation of cosmic-level characters and an eternal living fossil-level existence disappeared along with the collapse of the supreme world. It really makes people feel unreal.

At the same time. On the other side.

After Fenmu Shen's aura disappeared, many parties sensed this at the same time.

Within the Infinite Galaxy. Monk Jin Deng is receiving treatment from Crispy Noodles Dao Lord.

He was seriously injured. Wang Ling was a little worried, so he sent Crispy Noodles over to take a look.

When the monk arrived at the scene, he was covered in blood. He didn't even have the energy to use the Buddha's fire.

Fortunately. Crispy Noodles Dao Lord arrived in time.

"Thank you, Taoist Master." Jin Deng sighed inwardly.

In front of Fenmu Shen in his heyday, the monk found that he had no power to fight back. He still lacked too much.

After that, you must hurry up and practice.

"It doesn't matter."

Crispy Noodles Dao Lord showed a soft smile. A spiritual light was born in his palm, covering the monk's body.

In fact, it just transfers the spiritual energy in one's body to the monk. Like Wang Nuan, it serves as a kind of power bank.

After receiving enough psychic energy, the monk himself has the ability to recover from injuries.

"His breath is really gone." At this moment, the monk raised his head and looked in a certain direction.

That is the location of the highest world of Fenmu Shen.

As an old enemy for a long time, the death of Fenmu Shen made the monk recall many things for a while.

It's not that I feel pity for him. I just feel a little weird.

He always felt that this old guy didn't look like he could be killed so easily.

In the astrolabe, Zheng and Peng Xiren, who were tightly connected by the monk and could not escape, also felt the fact that Fenmu Shen's aura had disappeared.

"He's dead..." Peng Xiren's eyes were filled with tears: "Fuck! Why did he die!"

"Why are you crying? It's not a shame."Zheng glanced at Peng Xiren upset.

Peng Xiren stomped his feet in anger: "That's my body... He didn't give it back to me after using it. He actually exploded with it!"

"..."

Zheng was speechless for a moment. I didn’t know how to comfort Peng Xiren.

But listen to it like this.

It seems that the most miserable person in the whole thing is indeed Peng Xiren.

His body was taken away by Fenmu Shen. He was directly robbed of the right to inherit the tomb of Dao Ancestor Wang.

Now the inheritance rights of the celestial tomb are gone, and so is the physical body.

The most important thing is that Fenmu Shen did not leave a will or anything before his death.

There are so many treasures in the tomb today. Now they are all ownerless.

Peng Xiren couldn't get it. He could only watch helplessly.

He planned all these things just to do something big. But he didn't expect to get anything in the end. It was all in vain.

"Rebuilding the physical body in the ancestral realm is not difficult in the first place. It just takes a little time." Zheng said.

Perhaps Peng Xiren has actually entered the ancestral realm now. This is the only good news. The work of reshaping the body in the ancestral realm can actually be left to the bronze cat in "The Land Abandoned by Gods".

It just takes a long time.

He knew that Peng Xiren was impatient.

I'm afraid I can't wait any longer.

"It will take thousands of years to wait..." Peng Xiren was in pain inside. The feeling of being plotted by Fenmu Shen was very strong.

If he had known this, he shouldn't have listened to the evil god's lies.

But it seems it's too late to say anything now.

Just when he was about to completely fall into autism.

Just listen to Zheng say again: "If you really reflect on it, maybe you still have a chance."

Peng Xiren: "What do you mean?"

Zheng: "Based on my understanding of the evil god, he died like this before he even played out his trump cards. It's too strange."

These words made Peng Xiren feel surprised.

Because what Zheng said is indeed true.

"But...what is his trump card? The monk told me before he left. I don't know if my idea is right." Peng Xiren frowned deeply.

"Sorry. Your answer should be right."

Zheng said: "But he can't completely take out that trump card now. He just used some means to get one ten thousandth of its power. Back then, Master Dao Ancestor divided and sealed his soul, making the other half even more dangerous. His soul was sealed alone in the sky tomb in order to block that power."

"But what exactly does that thing do?"

"Specifically, I don't know. Neither I nor the monk have seen it. But since Dao Ancestor has recognized it as a threat. Then it must be very powerful."

...

At this time, in the supreme world that was about to collapse, Leng Ming was floating in the void with Wang Nuan on his back.

With the death of Fenmu Shen, the supreme world also fell apart at the same time.

He stayed here for a while. He used his sword energy to control this supreme world into a stable state of disintegration. He prevented the arrogant sword energy from directly detonating this supreme world after he left.

In that case, many innocent creatures may be affected.

But soon, Leng Ming felt that something was not quite right.

The supreme world that was originally collapsing.

There was a stagnation...

A dangerous breath came to my face.

Wang Nuan felt that the originally calm atmosphere had become tense again.

She wrapped her arms around Leng Ming's neck and firmly grabbed his clothes.

Leng Ming frowned deeply.

At this time he stared ahead.

Finally found it. It's right where Fenmu Shen disappeared.

There was a piece of purple flesh the size of a fingernail. It was squirming and gradually expanding...





Chapter 1584 Fenmu Shen’s bloodline is actually an ancient god?


Although Wang Nuan and Leng Ming had long been prepared, they felt that the eternal evil god in front of them would not be killed so easily. But now that they saw the evil purple mass of flesh squirming again, the sense of surprise in their hearts was still very strong.

"You must strike first while he is still in shape." Leng Ming frowned slightly.

He is not stupid enough to wait for Fenmu Shen to really resurrect. Such a bloody plot does not exist.

"Sun and Moon Sword Light!"

Leng Ming raised his sword fingers together. A green aurora burst out from his fingertips. Thunder flowers bloomed in the void like lightning.

The energy soaring into the sky was more blazing than lightning.

It gave birth to an amazing power.

Colliding towards the purple piece of flesh with precision.

This move "Sun and Moon Sword Light" is the power that Leng Ming originally possessed. The name of the move has the meaning of "a piece of grass can cut the sun, moon and stardust".

This is Leng Ming's other unique skill besides "Grass Guillotine".

The difference is that this trick was not taught by Jingke and Bai Qiao. It was learned by Leng Ming himself.

The two quickly produce friction. Then a big explosion occurs.

Leng Ming's sword energy collided with the squirming purple flesh, causing a terrifying glow. The extremely high temperature seemed to melt everything.

However, when the smoke dissipated, the purple piece of flesh not only was not destroyed, but became even more expanded.

"Ah Nuan! Help me!" Leng Ming did not believe in evil and launched a second attack.

He called Ah Nuan.

He saw Ah Nuan girl hugging his neck tightly. The most powerful backpack-type power bank in the universe was working again.

"100 times! Sun and moon sword light!"

The dimension of the second sun-moon sword light increased again with the help of Ah Nuan. It carried a destructive power that penetrated the universe.

However.

When the destruction sword pillar with a diameter of a hundred feet struck that lump of flesh.

Everything was once again like a mud cow plunging into the sea. Everything was calm and calm again.

Previously it was clearly only as big as a fingernail.

After Leng Ming's first sword attack, he grew to the size of a palm.

And now this second sword comes down.

It has actually grown to the size of a Kuxuan!

"Is this...absorbing my sword energy?" Leng Ming was shocked. He had never encountered such a situation before. It just felt weird.

This evil god was not an orthodox earthly cultivator in the first place, but an alien creature.

He felt that the scene in front of him might be related to the alien blood of this evil god.

It can actually absorb energy to reshape its body for resurrection... What kind of monster is this?

"This is not like the ability of ordinary cultivators." Wang Ming looked at this scene from a distance and was also thinking.

Although he didn't know what Fenmu Shen's bloodline consisted of, the purple flesh in front of him still gave him a familiar feeling.

Especially... when this mass of purple flesh grows tentacles...

"Old Dominator." This was the first reaction in Wang Ming's mind.

Legend has it that this is a powerful and ancient existence in the universe. Its existence is composed of unknown substances and laws that are far beyond the understanding of the mortal world. Therefore, the laws of the ordinary human cultivation world may not have any effect on it.

For a long time, among the hypotheses about cosmic civilization, there has also been the view that there was a more powerful and ancient civilization before the establishment of the cultivator civilization.

And those ancient gods called "Old Dominators". Such is the case.

It's just that Wang Ming has only seen these things in related "papers" and ". He never thought that they actually existed."

At this moment, Wang Ling looked at this scene and had some guesses in his mind.

The mysterious thing called "Destiny" that "Zheng" mentioned before.

From now on, Fenmu Shen should have obtained the power of the "mysterious object" part.

It was that power that reactivated the ancient god's bloodline that Fenmu Shen originally possessed but had been diluted by time.

In other words.

The biggest trump card Fenmu Shen has always relied on is that he is not in "Dao".

Just like Wang Ling's King's Eyes.

The ordinary secular laws of the world of cultivation have no way to restrict these strange ancient gods of the universe.

Now. Wang Ling finally understands Dao Ancestor Wang's good intentions in sealing the "Mysterious Object".

This is because we are worried that the ancient civilization of the universe will be revived because of that "mysterious object", which will have a further impact on human cultivation civilization.

At this time. Wang Ling suddenly had a very interesting and dangerous idea.

What kind of chemical reaction will occur if this "mysterious object" is combined with a human cultivator who does not have any bloodline of the ancient gods?

Although his face didn't show any emotion.

But Wang Ling still had to admit that his mood at this moment was exciting.

He has been searching for an answer all this time.

That is what your own King's Eyes is.

Now, he felt that he might be able to find new answers from the lump of flesh transformed by Fenmu Shen in front of him and the mysterious "mysterious object".

"Ah Nuan is in danger! This thing is too weird..."

When Wang Ming subconsciously became nervous about the situation that suddenly changed again before him.

He turned his attention to Wang Ling.

But I saw that the young man had once again wandered into the world...

Only this time. He was not driven back by Ah Nuan.

...

At the same time, the supreme world that has stopped falling into collapse is undergoing reorganization under the lingering and swirling of countless dark fragments.

These fragments are like puzzle pieces. They have an aura of darkness.

Fenmu Shen has not fully recovered. But the lump of meat has become infinitely large. A huge lump of meat that is the size of a stadium with a capacity of 100,000 people is floating in the void.

The purple-black body contains some disgusting and unknown green viscous liquid. There are terrifying and complex tentacles on all sides.

Leng Ming knew.

This horrific resurrection ritual has not stopped yet. He must stop the resurrection before Fenmu Shen Type 2 is fully formed.

However, at this time, the huge pressure made Leng Ming realize that his body could not move.

The terrifying creature in front of him was beyond eternity. It actually caused a kind of fear to arise in his body like an instinct.

Buzz! A sound!

The situation is changing, and in the supreme world of boundless darkness. At this moment, there is infinite holy light falling from the sky. This is the new summons brought by Fenmu Shen's flesh.

Wang Nuan and Leng Ming saw a silhouette of a human figure appearing in the falling holy light. They couldn't see the face clearly. The whole body was black. It was very tall, with a height of dozens of feet.

Their upper bodies take on the form of humans, while their lower bodies are like tentacles like an octopus. With a mysterious shimmering veil, they seem to be extremely kind and benevolent.

But Wang Nuan could clearly feel that what was behind this veil was endless surging brutality.

These are the guardian guards of the resurrection ritual.

"The one who lives forever."

At this moment, a familiar figure landed and stood in front of Wang Nuan and Leng Ming.

"Ling Zhenren..." Leng Ming's eyes were dull. He saw Wang Ling appear. Suddenly, he felt that the pressure he felt disappeared instantly.

"Haha!"

At this time, Wang Nuan kicked up his white and tender calves and climbed onto Leng Ming's shoulders. Then he kicked off and jumped onto Wang Ling's back.

This warm touch was transmitted from Leng Ming to Wang Ling.

Before Wang Ling came, he originally refused to cooperate with Ah Nuan girl.

The Ancient God of the Universe in front of him was not a mortal being. He was stranger and more difficult to deal with than any previous opponent. He was worried that Wang Nuan would be injured.

But at this moment. Wang Ling changed his mind.

"Do you want to go too. Ah Nuan." Wang Ling said.

"ah!"

Ah Nuan girl lay on Wang Ling's shoulder. It was like a pile of soft and glutinous cakes.

Wang Ling felt as if his heart had melted.

He suddenly felt.

Mixed doubles between brother and sister. Seems pretty good.





Chapter 1585 Clear the field with one eye


These mysterious civilizations that were first created in the universe seem to symbolize the depth and boundless terror of the universe itself.

They just stood there and didn't move, which gave people a sense of great pressure and fear.

This kind of fear is completely from the spiritual level. Especially when it goes beyond the cognition of an ordinary person...

For example, before Wang Ling appeared, Leng Ming was shocked by this mysterious and unknown force.

It's as if it can penetrate directly into the depths of the soul.

It wasn't until Wang Ling appeared that Leng Ming's gradually losing sanity was forcibly pulled back.

The mental pressure brought by Old Dominator can be said to be natural. This is an innate ability of them as the creators of the early civilization of the universe.

If you stay in the same space with these gods of the old age for too long, it will easily lead to mental breakdown. And once this breakdown reaches an extreme point, you will completely lose your mind.

Wang Ling took a look at the "Eternals" summoned by the resurrecting Fenmu Shen.

There are more than eighty of them.

These immortal beings are covered with a holy shimmering coat and shrouded in golden holy light. They don't seem to have a trace of evil. They are just like the gods in the old universe. They exude an indescribable majesty.

The Eternals moved their countless tentacles forward slowly. Wang Ling's face remained calm. However, Wang Nuan looked strongly uneasy.

Upon seeing this, Leng Ming reincarnated into his grass form and stood on Ah Nuan girl's head. It was like an amulet. It exuded a green body-protecting sword film.

Although Wang Ling is here, the scene in front of him also makes Leng Ming feel uneasy.

He chose to protect Wang Nuan as double insurance. In case of a fight, he won't be able to take care of Wang Nuan.

This small gesture is extremely heart-warming.

This made Wang Ling more certain of his original decision to choose Leng Ming.

Wang Ling stopped for a moment on the top of this ancient mountain.

He stared at these eternal beings squirming towards him. He could indeed feel an increasingly powerful mental pressure. This dark supreme world that was almost collapsing, also accompanied by this group of summoned Old Dominators, reached A strange check and balance.

Darkness, Holy Light, Chaos, Decay...these intricate forces are intertwined.

Except for these Old Dominators and Wang Ling's group of people, there are no other living beings in the supreme world at this moment.

But when Wang Ling stood on the ancient mountain, he could clearly hear the screams of countless crows in front of him. It was like the moans and shouts of a witch, constantly echoing in his ears.

It's really something remarkable.

Wang Ling couldn't help but sigh.

After all, in this universe, except for this nightmare, it is rare that anything else can cause him great pressure.

But the sense of oppression generated by these Old Dominators in front of me is real.

It's like Wang Ling has never felt pain since he was a child. But now... he finally feels that he has been bitten by a mosquito!

Chi!

In the distance, under the illumination of the holy light, these eternal beings moving slowly forward turned into black shadows. They were layered on top of each other, making it difficult to see the reality clearly.

There was a buzzing sound. One of the Eternals suddenly appeared in front of Wang Ling and Wang Ling from a long distance at an extremely fast speed.

Boom!

There was a loud noise. There was a powerful aura of chaos permeating the air. It had a smell of annihilation. It was extremely bright!

The huge light pillar burst out with high temperature and filled with powerful power. Wang Ling raised his hand to cut off this blazing light of annihilation.

He just waved his hand lightly, but it had an effect similar to that of parting the sea. The energy that smelled of annihilation dissipated instantly.

Wang LingUnexpectedly, these eternal beings would try to destroy him in such a way.

This further proves that Fenmu Shen, who is about to resurrect and evolve into his second form, is not an ordinary "Old Dominator".

Most likely a top being among the Old Dominators. Maybe a powerful Outer God.

Or maybe it will be the legendary omniscient and omnipotent head of the demon god. Also the so-called core source of chaos?

Regarding Fenmu Shen's growth. Wang Ling suddenly became a little curious.

The combat power of these eternal immortals in front of them is not low. Even the Dao God-level family patriarchs in the divine domain are not easy to deal with.

But these eternal beings are like crazy and use this self-destructive method to try to drag Wang Ling to hell with them.

Wang Ling Take a deep breath.

When the second immortal blew himself up in front of his eyes in this way, he felt that he couldn't wait any longer.

Because if I keep blowing myself up like this, Wang Ling thinks it will scare Ah Nuan girl.

In addition to being very strong, these Old Dominators also have a common characteristic: they are ugly.

His sister had just been born. It would be bad if this left a shadow of childhood.

In fact, these eternal beings are actually just born after being summoned...

They don't know that what they face next will also be the shadow of their childhood.

At this moment, Wang Ling is standing on the ancient mountain. There is a golden aura flowing around him. The body of a young man who is not very tall exudes a great majesty.

When the red dragon rotates, the three-petal golden lotus in the pupil blooms. The overwhelming pressure is like a stormy wave, encompassing everything in front of it!

Everything as far as the eye can see is reduced to ashes!

No one can withstand the power of Wang Ling. The original kind and kind attitude of those eternal beings covered in golden holy light began to completely reverse. They lost their last dignity. The screams made all living beings tremble.

Wang Ling's pupils released a terrifying beam of destruction.

The astonishing pupil power seems to have a power that reaches eternity, destroying everything!

This glance was impeccable. His eyes flashed across the sky, like thunder destroying the world. The summoned Old Dominators fell to their knees on the ground.

No matter how noble their identities were in the past and how powerful they were as legendary gods.

In front of Wang Ling. They only deserve to kneel like that.

In an instant, all the Eternals died. They disappeared into their own holy beams and were annihilated into a ball of ashes.

The moment King's Eyes releases its power.

Fenmu Shen, who was evolving, summoned these eternal beings to himself to resist this fatal attack.

Wang Ling did not want to let go of Fenmu Shen. He stared in the direction of Fenmu Shen and tried to gather his power again.

However, Fenmu Shen's resistance was stronger than he imagined.

In this supreme world, countless dark portals open again. An unknown fog is generated from the air. This is a fog that ordinary pupils cannot penetrate. Those who fall into it will be surrounded by darkness.

Then he lost all reason in an instant.

A strange creature with huge compound eyes and countless tentacles around its body. It poured out of the portal in groups. It was like a swarm of bees rushing out of the nest. Desperately heading in the direction of Wang Ling Rush away.

This is another Old Dominator. It's called "Final Hunter".

Their size is far less than that of the previous "Eternal Ones", but there are many of them. Even though they know they will die, they still blow the fatal charge horn in the direction that Wang Ling can see.

Ah Nuan will definitely be scared...

Wang Ling couldn’t help but feel a little worried.

He tilted his head slightly and paid close attention to Ah Nuan's expression.

At this moment, Ah Nuan girl was staring at these mysterious creatures flying towards her at high speed. She was sucking her fingers. She swallowed...

Wang Ling: "?"





Chapter 1586 The child is hungry


Although the Ultimate Hunter does look similar to an octopus from a distance...

But when it comes to appetite. Wang Ling will not have it. No matter how hungry he is, he will not have such thoughts.

However, Wang Nuan obviously didn't think so. Wang Ling looked at the hungry child beside him, with inexplicably complicated emotions in his heart.

Speaking of which, Ah Nuan girl has not even had a sip of hot milk since she was born, so she has been in a hurry to fight Fenmu Shen, who calls himself the "Overlord of the Universe".

Wang Ling feels that his girl is really having a hard time.

Since I'm hungry...

Then just eat it.

But does the "Final Hunter" that looks like an octopus really taste good?

Wang Ling always has doubts about this.

Buzz!

There are more and more Endgame Hunters taking advantage of the Nameless Mist ahead. The number is no less than tens of thousands.

They were shrouded in a layer of faint black light. The evil compound eyes were covered with red bloodshot eyes. They were filled with huge eyeballs like millstones.

In addition, there are some other ancient creatures that are constantly being used from the cracked earth.

Earth-boring Demonic Insects, Giant Devouring Worms, Mu Ancient Mysterious Insects... these existences only appeared among the gods of the ancient universe. Now they have all appeared. Densely packed worms are springing up from the earth like bamboo shoots after a rain.

At first, there were only a few sporadic ones. Then it suddenly showed a blowout-like explosion.

It was just to protect the evolving Fenmu Shen. It actually triggered rounds after rounds of gods that could only appear in the ancient universe.

Seeing this scene in the distance, everyone in the King's Eyes vision sharing state was frightened.

Sun Rong covered his slightly open mouth with his hands to hide his shock.

The scene in front of me is definitely a nightmare for trypophobia...

She had never seen or heard of these terrifying ancient creatures. Just looking at them gave her a sickening feeling that made her hair stand on end.

Especially when the tens of millions of demonic insects, worms, and mysterious insects on the ground arch their bodies and accelerate forward.

Sun RongYou can clearly see the thick purple-green mucus on the abdomens of these insects.

When the bugs are close together, the stomach-turning slime tangles together. It separates with a hideous thread-drawing effect.

And this scene also made Wang Ming's scalp numb.

These Old Dominators from the ancient universe were beyond his knowledge. As the most powerful brain on earth, Wang Ming was also trying to understand what was happening in front of him.

At this moment, Monk Jin Deng, who was recovering from his injuries, also stood up. He saw the scene happening in the highest world through the "Swastika".

"Look at your expression now, monk. It seems that what is happening now is a bit beyond your expectation." Crispy Noodles Dao Lord sees it clearly. As a "real clone", although he is an independent individual, as long as Wang LingAfter agreeing to his application to access King's Eyes, vision sharing can also be achieved.

There are actually some differences between Crispy Noodles Dao Lord and Wang Ling. But when the two faced this doomsday-like scene, they showed my calmness but they were surprisingly consistent.

The monk frowned: "The poor monk probably thought that he had obtained the power of some mysterious objects and might not die so easily. But he really didn't expect that this person actually has the blood of the gods of the ancient universe..."

Civilization in the Old Dominator era. The monk had a partial understanding of it in Dao Ancestor Wang.

That era happened a long time ago, far beyond the civilization of human cultivators. But later, for some reasons, that profound ancient civilization was completely annihilated.

No one knows what exactly caused a civilization that was so powerful in ancient times to be destroyed in an instant.

As a symbol of the existence of ancient cosmic civilization, the "mysterious object" discovered by Dao Ancestor Wang is one of them.

"At that time, Master Dao Ancestor knew the danger of the mysterious object, so he tried every means to seal it." The monk said, "It is said that when it was discovered, it was just an ordinary stone. Master Dao Ancestor kept the stone with him. After a while, Then he heard the heartbeat coming from inside the stone."

"Heartbeat?" Crispy Noodles Dao Lord touched his chin. He felt that he heard something very interesting: "So this mysterious thing called destiny. It is actually a heart fossil left by a certain alien god in the ancient universe. ?"

"This... the poor monk doesn't know..."

...

On the other side, in the supreme world shrouded in chaos, the battle continues.

The dense insects on the ground made Wang Ling feel a little uncomfortable. He took a deep breath. The Niwan Palace in his mind was shaking!

Boom!

An invisible loud noise spread with Wang Ling as the center. It spread to the minds of every living creature in the supreme world.

For a moment, the space froze. Even time seemed to have stood still.

Everything in front of him paused. The final hunters with their claws and fangs in the air, including the worms that were constantly scurrying on the ground, seemed to be petrified at this moment. They were motionless.

This is only 5% of the mental pressure of Wang Ling. When released, it is enough to intimidate the entire audience!

These pressures are all caused by Wang Ling's daily work on function bodies. As well as the pressures in life that he is afraid of destroying the world by using too much force and worrying about it all day long.

It may not seem like too much pressure, but over time it can reach a very scary level.

But Wang Ling didn’t expect that he only released 5%.

The creatures from the ancient universe in front of him were all shocked by him.

After about a few seconds of silence, the bugs that emerged from the earth retreated away under the tremendous pressure. They burrowed back into the earth again. They walked in unison. Incomparably sincere...

And these Old Dominators flying in the sky, named "Final Hunters", crashed from the void and fell to the ground.

Then. Wang Ling jumped down from the ancient mountain and began to examine these "Final Hunters" who had fainted under the tremendous mental pressure.

Wang Ling squatted down. He stretched out a finger and poked the body of one of the final hunters.

Whether it's the touch or the fishy smell that's very similar to seafood on the surface.

All this seems to be no different from grilled squid in a barbecue restaurant...

The main reason why he used the method of releasing mental pressure to shock the audience was to ensure the flesh quality of these ancient cosmic creatures.

After all, if you directly use the ability of King's Eyes to release rays, these guys will die and turn into fly ash on the spot. And my girl may not even be able to eat a piece of meat.

At this time, Wang Ling sighed deeply in his heart. He was not polite and directly pulled out one of the tentacles of the final hunter. Then he used the most basic "Palm Flame Technique" to burn the tentacles. bake.

Not long after, a fragrance spread.

There was no seasoning. Ah Nuan girl took a bite and bit directly on the tentacle.

But after just chewing for a while, Wang Nuan spit out the meat in his mouth.

Because the hunter's meat is not delicious.

And at this time.

She turned her attention to the evolving tomb...

At this moment, Fenmu Shen's resurrection ceremony has entered the final stage. The huge piece of flesh floating in the air exudes a dark yellow luster.

From a distance, it looks like a salted duck egg yolk leaking oil...

Wang Nuan swallowed hard. Suddenly it felt like Fenmu Shen. Even more delicious.





Chapter 1587 The Secret of King's Eyes


Wang Ling discovered a very serious problem.

That is, although Ah Nuan girl and I were both born from the same mother's womb, Ah Nuan girl's taste in food is really completely different from mine.

Why do you always stare at strange-looking things?

And don't know why.

He always felt that Ah Nuan girl had just eaten the tentacles of the final hunter.

The body seems to be larger than before.

Wang Nuan looked like he had vomited the piece of tentacle meat, but he actually ate part of it.

Ah Nuan girl still has her own picky pursuit of meat quality.

The part that was spit out is the older one.

The war was about to begin. She knew very well that her pitiful and thin body needed to replenish energy in time.

Who made her just a weak baby girl?

At the same time, it is also to ensure that she will not continue to become a weak woman when she grows up. Ah Nuan girl suddenly realized a new skill.

That is... taking supplements!

I remember that when Mother Wang was pregnant with her, she took all kinds of supplements and highly nutritious food.

Speaking of which, Ah Nuan girl is now labeled as a "foodie".

In fact, there is also an element of prenatal education from Mother Wang.

When Wang Nuan's eyes focused on Fenmu Shen's huge piece of meat in front of him that was emitting the light of resurrection, Fenmu Shen seemed to be aware of some danger.

Although Fenmu Shen is just a huge lump of meat now, he is actually intelligent.

This piece of meat is actually an embryo of an alien god!

Outer God!

This is the most powerful lineage among the Old Dominators in the ancient universe!

In Wang Nuan's eyes, the golden light was like salted egg yolk. It was a signal of recovery. It flashed repeatedly on Fenmu Shen's huge body at a heartbeat-like frequency.

It looked like a kind of holy light. Especially against the backdrop of this dark and boundless supreme world. Fenmu Shen's existence was simply like a miracle.

Everyone who watched this scene was shocked by the scene before them.

"It has far exceeded the height of human cultivators..." Even the monk saw the ancient universe for the first time. The scene of the resurrection of the outer gods.

During his thousands of reincarnations, he believed that he had insight into the eternity. He had already seen through countless scenes. However, this was the first time he saw the resurrection of an external god before him.

"He's coming to life." Crispy Noodles Dao Lord said.

This is a very special kind of fluctuation. It seems to be sending a signal of dominance to the entire universe.

Due to the particularity of the signal, people in lower realms often cannot receive this kind of gratitude. However, the transmission of signal fluctuations will indirectly affect their mood, work status, and even cause weight gain, insomnia, and the possibility of depression...

However, such special signal fluctuations can be clearly felt by the powerful beings in the universe.

"Is he showing off his power..." The monk was frightened.

Because apart from the first time he faced Wang Ling, this was already the second time that it made him feel flustered.

The most dignified Buddhist sages could not help but feel turbulent. There was no need to say more about the rest.

At this moment, countless people in the universe raised their heads and stared in the direction of the supreme world that had been engulfed by chaos.

For a moment, the heroes changed their colors.

God Realm·Heavenly Dao Star, God Realm, Demon Realm...as well as those explored civilizations and unexplored unknown civilizations in the universe. The high-ranking and powerful people among all living beings all have a feeling of difficulty breathing.

They couldn't tell what this force was, let alone whether it represented evil or justice.

But this painful feeling of being strangled by the throat makes everyone feel that the universe is about to be in chaos.

No one would have thought that a powerful creature from the ancient universe was about to resurrect!

And still.

The strongest creature in the Old Dominator - the Outer God!

The next moment, almost all planetary civilizations that received this signal opened their own defensive barriers. They didn't know if this shallow barrier really worked.

But at least it can provide them with some psychological comfort.

At this time, the Wang siblings. Wang Ling and Wang Nuan. are in the chaotic storm of the supreme world.

A huge piece of flesh that shines with golden light. It is terrifying and frightening. It has a bit of a sofa atmosphere in its holiness. Countless nameless fogs are generated from the surroundings. It seems to be connected to every corner of the universe.

Wang Ling raised his hand and slapped him. He used his ordinary palm power to create a hurricane and hit these nameless fogs.

After the nameless fog was lifted away, it was regenerated in a seamless manner.

There is only a little time left before Fenmu Shen is officially resurrected.

"die..."

At this time, Wang Ling heard the vicissitudes of Fenmu Shen's voice filled with murderous energy coming from the huge golden mass. It echoed throughout the entire supreme world, clanking and ringing.

A huge ancient shrine was born like a mirage. It seemed that it appeared here in response to the call of Fenmu Shen.

This ancient temple seems to be nothingness, but also seems to exist in real life. Every ancient pillar and wall is carved with obscure runes to remember. It fills the sky and the earth, exuding a breathtaking brilliance.

Wang Ling rolled up his sleeves. He wanted to smash the shrine to pieces with one punch. But at this moment, he used King's Eyes to see that there was a three-petal Golden Lotus with tentacles as rhizomes inside the ancient shrine. .

This made Wang Ling's thoughts of smashing the ancient shrine to pieces with one punch instantly dissipate.

Because this three-petal Golden Lotus seems to be closely related to his King's Eyes. Whenever he releases his power, there is such a three-petal Golden Lotus blooming in his pupils.

But from the appearance, there are some subtle differences between the Golden Lotus in the ancient temple and the one shown in King's Eyes.

Can we just go in and take a look...

Wang Ling has been exploring King's Eyes for years. It was only after a long time that he found a possible clue to the problem. So he didn't want to give up so easily.

Ah Nuan. Sorry.

At this time. Wang Ling reached out and rubbed his sister's head.

Exploring the Ancient Shrine will undoubtedly take time. This means Ah Nuan may have to be hungry for a while longer.

To be on the safe side, Wang Ling selected a few of the unconscious Endgame hunters on the ground that looked the tenderest and put them into King's Eyes.

What if there is seasoning in the ancient shrine...

Maybe the final hunter will taste better.

"Palace of the Outer Gods..." At this moment, through the swastika, Monk Jin Deng also saw this horrifying scene.

Back then, he had seen a similar building from Dao Ancestor Wang's published notes, so he recalled it after observing it for a while.

"What is Ling Zhenren doing... You must not go in! It's too dangerous!" The expression on his face changed drastically. He was filled with surprise.

Because it was written in the notes of Dao Ancestor Wang that year.

Palace of Outer Gods...

That is a place from which there is no return.

Dao Ancestor Wang once sent several real clones to explore the Palace of the Outer Gods. However, none of them came back. All were lost in the palace!

This is an existence even more terrifying than the highest world!

It’s the same as walking into someone else’s rules!

And the most terrifying thing is that the Palace of the Outer Gods at this moment is in the highest world. If Wang Ling walks inside... it is equivalent to being double shackled!

The monk has never dealt with creatures from the ancient universe. But when the monk sensed that palpitating aura for the second time since the last battle with Wang Ling... Monk Jin Deng was already aware of it. The situation in front of me is very bad.

On the other side, Fenmu Shen did not expect that the young man in front of him would take the initiative to enter his outer god's palace.

The highest world + the palace of the outer gods.

This combination was extremely stressful. He didn't know if Wang Ling was stupid. He actually walked into the "cage" he had arranged.

And he just came in by himself. He even brought his sister in with him.

But in this way, Fenmu Shen felt that it saved him a lot of trouble.

Ha. What two interesting little guys...

At this moment, Fenmu Shen, who is about to take shape and completely evolve into an outer god, feels that he has the power to understand everything in the universe.

He stared at the brother and sister who entered the palace of the outer gods.

The moment Wang Ling entered the main entrance, the palace door was firmly sealed and locked!

...

And until this moment, Fenmu Shen never thought about it.

Just now.

A demolition team was put in...





Chapter 1588 Bravely Entering


When Wang Ling entered the Palace of the Outer Gods, he was a little surprised by the powerful aura of creatures from the ancient universe inside.

It turned out to be much stronger than he imagined.

This Palace of the Outer Gods is actually a set. The chaos energy inside is rich. It is millions of times stronger than the ring outside the Unspeakable Land.

Even a monk's realm is not enough to set foot here.

Wang Ling was a little uncomfortable when he first entered. But after standing there for a few seconds, his body quickly became familiar with the surrounding environment.

He originally wanted to protect Ah Nuan. It turned out that Ah Nuan was more adaptable than he imagined.

What an outrageous little guy.

Wang Ling sighed in his heart.

At this time, Wang Ling was in a main hall on the outermost floor of the palace. This room was huge. It was actually the size of a small world.

He actually used the small world to divide the rooms in the palace. Wang Ling couldn't help but marvel at the generosity of those outer gods.

This is not something that belongs to Fenmu Shen. It is something Fenmu Shen inherited after using the power of "mysterious objects" to activate the "outer god blood" in his body.

In essence, this terrifying palace of the outer gods should be like those ghost ships drifting in the deep sea. It will drift with the waves over the years and stay in the universe forever.

No one would have thought that the Palace of the Outer Gods would one day be reborn.

Use King's Eyes to explore the front. Wang Ling found three entrances from this vast room that looks like a small world at your feet.

This leads to the three rooms behind. King's Eyes' view is blocked by a golden light. It is impossible to see clearly what is behind the room.

Wang Ling felt that this light was closely related to the three-petal Golden Lotus he saw outside at that moment.

Regardless of Wang Ling. Although he couldn't see what was behind these three rooms, there was nothing to be afraid of.

But the biggest problem before us is...

He has difficulty choosing.

Facing the three entrances that appeared in his sight, Wang Ling became a little confused.

At that moment. Ah Nuan "ee-ya". Pointing to one of the entrances.

The third exit?

Wang Ling is too lazy to think about it. I believe in Ah Nuan’s decision unconditionally.

When Wang Ling made the decision, a bright light suddenly lit up from the small world in front of his eyes. It turned into a golden avenue directly derived from Wang Ling's step, leading to the third entrance.

This is a forbidden door in the palace of the outer gods. It is to prevent people who enter here from making a decision and then changing their minds.

Wang Ling stared at the golden avenue under his feet. He sighed helplessly in his heart.

Somehow, he always felt that this palace of the Outer Gods felt a bit like a game.

This golden avenue is very long. It stretches for thousands of miles. After all, a room in the Palace of the Outer Gods is a small world.

If an ordinary person came here, he would probably consume countless spiritual energy on the way.

But Wang Ling has no fear.

He directly used the method of shrinking to an inch and easily approached the entrance to the next room.

Stepping into the entrance covered by golden light, Wang Ling entered the next space.

Then the brother and sister began to carefully examine the scenery in front of them. They did not miss any vision.

The second room. The second small world.

"ah..."

The shrill screams reached Wang Ling, Wang Nuan's ears. Just a few hundred miles ahead. Wang Ling saw a dead forest.

His body moved. It was like a ray of light.

A shocking scene appeared in front of me.

Wang Ling could not yet cover Wang Nuan's eyes and ears. But on the branches of the withered trees in this forest. There were hanging corpses on the branches of the withered trees.

To be precise, it should be a mummy.

These skins are not peeled off. It is as if some evil thing has sucked away the marrow and internal organs in their bodies. In the end, it is as if they are showing off their trophies, hanging in a dead forest with such a bad taste.

Wang Ling simply counted the number of mummies.

There are more than 1,200 of them within sight.

Is he the monk who accidentally entered the palace of the outer gods in the past?

Wang Ling has some guesses in his mind.

If this palace of the outer gods is floating in the universe, it is very likely that some monks will treat it as a secret place discovered by accident and explore it.

This place is so weird.

Wang Ling is worried that watching it for a long time will be detrimental to Ah Nuan girl’s physical and mental health.

However, just as he was about to leave the dead forest, the hanging corpses changed their angles one after another. They were all staring in the direction of him and Wang Nuan.

"Identification... identification..."

A cold sneer sounded in the dead forest. It was an ancient saying that Wang Ling had never heard before. It was filled with great malice.

However, Wang Ling has a very strong language understanding ability. I just analyzed it in my mind. It was quickly automatically translated into Mandarin.

And along with this chilling sneer, the mummies hanging on the trees in the dead forest also sneered.

It was a kind of mental continuous oppressive attack. The cultivators who normally entered here would have collapsed long ago under such a concentrated attack.

But Wang Ling had his hands in his pockets and remained motionless.

This surprised the owner who was the first to sneer in the dead forest: "Huh? You actually withstood the pressure and didn't fall down?"

The voice was very old and profound: "I have never seen a monk like you... But you withstood the first round of mental evaluation. You can leave here safe and sound..."

Mental assessment?

Wang Ling raised his eyebrows. He didn't hear what the old voice was saying.

But it was indeed what the voice said. After the concentrated mental attack just now, the mummies in this dry forest miraculously disappeared like an hallucination.

Those sneers and all the strange sights seen in the dead woods disappeared.

"Strength, consciousness, knowledge, speed, energy and blood...these values have been fixed when everyone enters the palace of the outer gods." In the dead forest, the old voice sighed helplessly.

With a solemn smile, he explained the laws of this palace to Wang Ling: "This is the purpose of the Outer God to build this palace. It is also a game for the entire universe. It is a pity that since ancient times, those who have broken into this palace have Monk. Few make it to the end..."

"..."

Wang Ling frowned slightly.

He listened to the numbers. It sure felt like a game.

And strength, consciousness, knowledge, speed, blood. These five basic abilities. What is he?

This. Wang Ling is not known yet.

The old voice continued: "How about. Do you want to continue a bet with me? If you pass my sanity test, you will know the value of your sanity. And... I will die! If you fail... I'm sorry. . You and your sister will stay here forever. You die!"

Wang Ling didn't think much. He just spread his hands and maintained a completely indifferent attitude.

The voice couldn't help but laugh: "You could have left safely, but you didn't expect that you would choose to bet with me? Haha... We'll see..."

The words just fell.

In the void, several golden rays of light appeared. Wang Ling saw ten sixty-four-sided golden dice appear.

They roll in the void, rotate and finally freeze.

The moment the values came out, the owner of the dead forest burst into laughter: "Unfortunately... your values add up to 523! One value represents one core! This means that you must have a mind with a combat power of 523 or more. Only by passing through the old and dead woods!"

Laughter is inevitable.

Because everyone who enters the Palace of the Outer Gods will have their comprehensive combat power converted according to their personal abilities and evenly distributed to the five basic abilities of "strength, consciousness, knowledge, speed, and blood".

Those monks who came in in previous years may not have 523 cores in total. Let alone this single data...

"I'm sorry, young man. You and your sister, I accepted it rudely..." The owner of the dry forest laughed loudly.

Wang Ling frowned.

Just as they were preparing to fight, the owner of the withered forest suddenly let out a painful and shrill scream...

"No...that's impossible..."

The owner of the dead forest screamed.

Wang Ling Within sight, all the dead trees in this dead forest were instantly ignited with a golden fire. They began to burn...

"Your consciousness has more than 523 cores?" Amidst the screams, the owner of the dead forest burst into doubt.

He actually doesn't know what the value of Wang Ling is. But speaking from experience, it is basically impossible for anyone to have such a high single value.

And when the questioning ended, Wang Ling's mental data also appeared in the sky along with the golden light flashing in the void.

That's not a specific number.

It's a mathematical symbol.

﹢∞...





Chapter 1589 Prop Rewards


As the mental evaluation value of Wang Ling appeared, the entire dry forest burned instantly in a sea of golden fire. The owner of the dead forest died miserably.

He confidently entered into this bet with Wang Ling. He did not expect such a result until the moment before his death.

In fact, Wang Ling did not expect that the rules and regulations within the Palace of the Outer Gods were actually relatively fair.

After the old man lost, he was directly punished by the law. There was no room for negotiation.

This is the age of the ancient universe. Is this the confidence of the outer gods?

Don't even spare your own people.

Wang Ling couldn't help but let out a helpless sigh.

For the powerful alien gods, this is really just a game.

In the chess game, any chess piece can be discarded.

But this is someone else's territory after all. The rules of the game are ultimately decided by others.

Wang Ling I just hope that since these are the rules of the game, you should abide by them.

He can afford this game.

But some people may not be able to afford it.

This dead forest disappeared in the golden flames. But not nothing was left.

Wang Ling found a six-sided golden Rubik's Cube.

Three sides are blank. Two sides are 1 point. One side is 3 points.

Wang Ling Judgment. This should be an additional item reward obtained after passing the level of the dead forest.

And when he focused his attention on the golden Rubik's Cube, a string of golden explanatory text immediately appeared on the top of the Rubik's Cube.

[golden magic block]

[It can be used before making any basic ability judgment of "Strength, Sanity, Knowledge, Speed, and Blood". The number of points thrown is the multiple of the basic ability judgment. If it is blank, the judgment result is: 0 . The golden magic block only Can be used once. The magic block will disappear automatically after use.]

Wang Ling accept this magic block.

Although he didn't know what use this reward was to him.

He is already +∞. Even if it is several times higher, it doesn't seem to be bad.

On the contrary, holding this thing in his hand is a double-edged sword for Wang Ling. After all, there is a blank. If it is thrown to the blank, it will be very dangerous for him.

He is an honest boy.

I still want to play the game according to the rules.

If you can't afford it, just lift the table...

Is he Wang Ling this kind of person?

After solving the incident in the dead forest, in front of Wang Ling were three more doors covered in golden light.

He didn't hesitate. He directly chose the door in the middle.

The new small world that appeared in front of us was a large swamp. The patches of purple reeds were tens of feet high, covering all the scenery.

Such a scene is full of wildness and primitiveness. It is also terrifyingly quiet.

Based on Wang Ling's own experience. There must be living beings in the depths of this large swamp. Wang Ling formed a seal with one hand. Several sentinels with their own aura were differentiated to test in all directions.

When these sentinels passed through the middle area of the small world, a strange wave appeared there. They bit directly towards his sentinels.

"ah..."

A scream came. It was so fast that people were surprised.

However, this scream was not the scream of the sentry released by Wang Ling. It was the scream of the creature lurking under the swamp.

The creature originally wanted to pounce on the sentry and bite it into pieces. But it didn't expect that the sentry was too hard! Its steel teeth were severely damaged!

And then. Wang Ling and Wang Nuan sensed the spirit's furious aura from afar...

In this swamp, no one has ever dared to tease him like this.

Then, the swamp in this small world began to bubble and emit a foul-smelling smoke. It boiled with the angry breath of the swamp creatures.

The next moment, a black glow emerged from the ground. It sneaked up from Wang Ling's back at a mysterious angle.

"Chi!"

Wang Ling The six senses were bright. He didn't even look back. He just raised his sword and waved back. In an instant, the sparks flying around were offset by the light emitted by the swamp creature.

The test of this attack has allowed Wang Ling to find out the approximate strength of this swamp creature.

The opponent's overall combat power is not strong. But the strange thing is that it is extremely fast.

In this swamp world, this creature has the ability to move to any direction at will. Move sideways quickly, and then launch a new offensive under the overlapping stinking mud.

Wang Ling Tiptoe gently. Float your body. Fly into the void.

At the same time, the King's Eyes rotated. The eternal flame released from the King's Eyes completely submerged the reeds that were blocking the sight under the feet and burned them completely.

After losing the cover of the reeds, the trajectory of this creature's activities can be seen clearly.

It seemed that he realized that he had been exposed. This mysterious creature hiding under the swamp finally revealed its true form.

It is dark and round all over. It is three meters in diameter. It has hair and tentacles. It is actually an eyeball.

Wang Ling At a glance, he knew that this eyeball was probably one of the Old Dominators. It was of the same race as the End Hunter that he had dealt with outside before. But it seemed to be a little different.

At this time, the eyeball shot towards Wang Ling. The pupils shrank slightly and then opened! Then a black light shot towards Wang Ling with a terrifying killing intent!

This was an extremely blazing pillar of fire. It gave Wang Ling the feeling of seeing Angelica.

Wang Ling wanted to block it. However, Ah Nuan girl took the first step at this time.

This little girl looked like she was really hungry. She couldn't let go of anything. She opened her mouth on the spot and used the power of shadow to swallow up all the black flames in front of her.

The eyeball was obviously shocked. It had lived for so long. It had never seen such an arrogant baby.

He gritted his teeth and said with an angry look: "What a pity. I am not in my prime. I only have a few scattered organs left. If it were a complete body, you two dolls would definitely die."

The voice of the eyeball sounded in the minds of Wang Ling and Wang Nuan.

After saying that, the eyeball turned its own eyeball slightly. Wang Ling was shocked to find that this eyeball actually had a mark that was the same as the one on the outside of the Outer God's Palace.

Is it the eyeball from an alien god?

Wang Ling was thoughtful in his heart.

At the same time, this eyeball also felt bitter in his heart.

It had its heyday. It was indeed a powerful alien god.

Need to know. In Old Dominator, the Outer Gods are the most powerful race.

When Fenmu Shen outside finally completes her transformation, she becomes the Outer God.

But it's a pity. In the long history, Eyeball was obsessed with betting with people... As one of the few gambling dogs in the Outer God queue, he lost his left arm, right arm, and left leg. , middle leg...

Until now, only some of the organs and eyeballs are left.

However, when it comes to betting, my eyes are still obsessed with it.

This brother and sister are able to come here. In terms of power. Eyeball doesn't think he's going to get an advantage.

Just now. It has been tested.

So now. This eyeball has officially sent an appraisal invitation to Wang Ling: "How about... do you want to bet on speed with me? I want to conduct a speed appraisal with you!"

He has extreme confidence in his speed and eyeballs.

Because according to the appraisal rules of the Palace of Outer Gods, its speed is +∞!

As long as Wang Ling dares to bet with it.

Certain death!





Chapter 1590 Eyeball’s last words


As one of the most powerful outer gods in the Old Dominator, Eyeball is extremely confident in his speed. In terms of speed, he believes that there is no opponent in the world who can match him.

The civilization of the ancient universe has been annihilated for too long. At that time, they were the leading overlord creatures in the universe.

As for the human cultivators that were derived later, in the eyes of the Old Dominator, they are nothing more than feed that can provide nutrients.

"hiahia..."

However, to the eyeball's surprise, Wang Nuan actually laughed at this time.

Wang Ling was also startled by this sudden laughter.

He suddenly realized that Ah Nuan girl was completely different from himself.

Perhaps he had discovered it earlier...this girl's expressions and emotions were much richer than his own.

"Little guy. How dare you laugh at me." The eyeball glanced at Wang Nuan. It glared at Wang Ling with a kind of contempt.

At the same time, there is a bit of compassion.

As human cultivators, there are actually very few people who can get through this level. In the eyes of the eye, it is not easy for Wang Ling and Wang Nuan to safely get through the dead forest in front of them.

From the perspective of human cultivators, these brothers and sisters are definitely at the top of the food chain.

But it is a pity that they are about to be buried here.

Therefore, there was pity and sadness in its eyes. It looked directly at Wang Ling and Wang Nuan.

I sneered in my heart.

Just laugh...just laugh...

Soon it will be your brother and sister's turn to cry.

After Wang Ling agreed to conduct the "speed attribute" appraisal.

"Buzz!"

It was the same as the previous scene in the dead forest. A six-sided dice appeared in the void.

The attributes of this level are based on the "speed attribute" of the eyeball.

In other words, the speed attribute of Wang Ling must exceed the speed attribute of the eyeball.

The six-sided dice appearing in the air now is actually the [Golden Magic Block] effect obtained by Wang Ling before.

This is a double-edged sword.

Because Wang Ling is very likely to be thrown to blank.

But in fact, even if I didn't hit the blank. Eyeball, I wouldn't be scared at all.

It quietly awaits the results.

Until the Golden Cube's dice face was set at 3 points. It suddenly laughed: "Kid. Three times the attribute bonus. Your luck is not bad. But... Heh heh heh heh..."

It smiled very slyly.

three times.

It acknowledges that Wang Ling was indeed lucky.

But so what if it’s three times?

Its attribute is +∞!

You are a cultivator on earth. Even if I give you ten times! Eighteen times! Thirty times! Can you beat me in seconds?

Eyeball doesn't believe this evil at all.

It sneered.

Soon, the golden light in the void began to announce the results of the eyeball speed evaluation.

is a "+∞" symbol.

Wang Ling is not surprised by this.

He actually knew that Eyeball dared to bet on him. He must have strong self-confidence.

At this time, Eyeball laughed again: "Boy, I didn't expect that... you will never be able to surpass me from the beginning. You two brothers and sisters should be able to provide me with good nutrition."

Just as he finished speaking, the speed attribute announcement result of Wang Ling appeared.

The identification result of Wang Ling:﹢∞﹢∞﹢∞﹢∞...

Because it will have three times more attributes.

Wang LingIn addition to the speed attribute, there are three additional "﹢∞" symbols.

In the void. A huge golden talisman. The dog's eyes were blinded on the spot.

Eyeball took a breath: "Ah this..."

Such identification results are hard for the eyes to accept.

Just for a moment. Its pupils contracted. Bloodshot eyes gushed out. It was as red as blood. It emitted a light that distorted the void.

It couldn't believe that a lowly creature from Earth could far surpass it in terms of speed.

But it's a pity.

It only looked handsome for three seconds. A line of golden ancient characters appeared in the void. It was shining brightly, with some kind of overwhelming pressure. Then there was a bang. A punishment spear landed directly. Like a spear. From the sky Cross it!

An overwhelming blow!

Under such pressure, the speed that the eyeball is proud of failed. It kept changing its position. However, this spear had already locked onto it, with some kind of tracking power.

"Chi!"

Black blood spattered everywhere. The eyeball was pierced by a spear. The eyelid exploded on the spot. It was like a pierced watermelon.

Then it quickly began to annihilate. Along with the swampland under its feet, it turned into a pile of powder and dissipated into the small world...

Where the eye disappeared. A black hole was left behind. Wang Ling could clearly hear the eyeball's resentful voice from inside: "Sotos... You wanted to kill me long ago... But you let me be humiliated like this ...You will definitely get your retribution and punishment..."

As the last words of the eyeball fell, the golden light of punishment disappeared in the void. Peace returned to the small world again. The swamps were gone, and the reeds were gone.

And before Wang Ling are three brand new doors.

The words he said before his eyes left have been lingering in Wang Ling's mind.

This palace of the outer gods seems indeed unusual to Wang Ling.

Since the other party wants to kill him...

Then it is completely possible to cheat. Let him lose the game forcibly.

But now judging from the results. Wang Ling always feels that there may be a deeper and more complicated reason behind this.

The origins of these Old Dominators, who are imprisoned in the palaces of the outer gods and act as gatekeepers, are all extraordinary.

Although his eyeballs are weak, he was once a powerful outsider.

But why did they fall to this point...

This made Wang Ling think of something.

That’s Dao Ancestor Wang’s Corpse Map.

He felt that this approach was similar to Dao Ancestor Wang's method of forcibly sealing those Eternal Powerhouses who couldn't stand it in the Supreme Corpse Map.

At this time, Wang Ling called Zhang Zhui in his heart.

Now the supreme Corpse Map is in the hands of Wang Ling. And Wang Ling also used the method of changing the law to change the owner of the Corpse Map.

In other words. Wang Ling is now the owner of this supreme Corpse Map.

When he first saw Zhang Zhui seeing his King's Eyes, he looked thoughtful.

Wang Ling just remembered it now. This Zhang Zhui might know something about the civilization of the ancient universe.

The experience and knowledge accumulated by the powerful through the ages is very terrifying.

Zhang Zhui has his own vast knowledge.

"You finally remembered me..."

Hearing Wang Ling's call, Zhang Zhui immediately sighed.

Wang Ling: "..."

At this time, King's Eyes and Corpse Map had a spiritual link.

Only Zhang Zhui in the picture saw what was happening outside.

The sight in front of him made Zhang Zhui frown slightly: "This...how do I look at it? It looks a bit like the palace of the outer gods?"

"Yeah." Wang Ling nodded noncommittally.

When Zhang Zhui heard this, his hair stood on end: "Why are you so brave? This is a place where there is no return!"

However, as soon as he finished speaking, he realized that the situation in front of him did not seem to be what he thought.

As far as he knew, entering the palace of the outer gods would lead to death.

But now...

Isn't this young man standing here perfectly?

He also brought a baby girl lying on his shoulder, as soft as a ball of glutinous rice...

Immediately, Zhang Zhui took a breath of cold air.

He felt.

I seem to have underestimated Wang Ling a little bit...





Chapter 1591 The Outer God Pig Factory


As far as Zhang Zhui's level of knowledge is concerned, he knows very well what kind of place this Outer God Palace is.

As early as before he joined Corpse Map, he had heard people say that Dao Ancestor Wang had sent his true identity to explore this mysterious ancient universe palace.

Then... not a single clone came back.

Since then, Zhang Zhui began to investigate all the information about the palace.

Only later did I gradually understand that this was the palace of the outer gods.

At first, he did have the idea of breaking in. Mainly because he thought there might be something valuable in the ancient universe palace. He could go in and make a fortune.

He even deliberately released many fake secret realm maps to lure some ancient powerful men to explore the palace of the outer gods.

As a result, no one came out...

Since then, Zhang Zhui has completely given up the idea of going to the Outer God Palace to work as a porter.

Now Wang Ling is standing in the palace of the Outer Gods without any trace of panic. This surprised Zhang Zhui.

Judging from the basic speed attributes and mental attributes that have been revealed so far, the boy is both "﹢∞".

To be honest, Zhang Zhui thinks this is a bit outrageous...

"What a troublesome boy..."

Zhang Zhui sighed silently in his heart. Then he opened his mouth and said: "I can only tell you. What I know. I have heard many things about the Palace of Outer Gods. I have never seen it with my own eyes."

He crossed his arms and deliberately put on an old-fashioned look: "Although you have not completed the task I assigned as a condition for exchanging information... But this situation is a forced cooperation. I have to help you. .After all, if you die here, my wish to find my descendants will be in vain."

"..."

Wang LingUnexpectedly. This old man is quite arrogant.

But in a sense, he thinks Zhang Zhui is still a very interesting person.

After using King's Eyes. Wang Ling to transmit all the battle scenes. Zhang Zhui was particularly concerned about the name the eyeball said before dying.

"Sotos..."

Zhang Zhui frowned and said, "It seems that the one outside inherited the bloodline of this outside god."

"Eeyah?" Wang Nuan asked.

He was speaking baby talk, but amazingly, Zhang Zhui actually understood it.

I saw Zhang Zhui nodded and said: "It is indeed very strong. This alien god ranked second in the ranking of alien gods that year. It is said to be omniscient and omniscient. It knows everything. It can connect time and space. And it is not affected by it. Bound by time and space."

"Eeyah Eeyah?"

"Yes. All the information I know is from Dao Ancestor Wang's notes. Although Dao Ancestor's real clone did not come out of the Outer God's Palace, the investigation of the Outer God's Palace played a role. I'm afraid it was before his death. . Passed the information on."

Zhang Zhui said: "You have to be careful, kid... This Sotos is the second Outer God after all. He is a difficult one to deal with. This Outer God Palace is his hinterland. In order to gain great power, he even does not hesitate to enslave his own. Same race. The eyeball just now is the best example."

Wang Ling nodded.

He can actually feel it.

This palace of the outer gods is actually a huge "pig farm".

And this foreign god named Sotos is probably an old factory worker.

Use your own palace of foreign gods to enslave some Old Dominators here. Then continuously absorb energy from the outside. Let these enslaved Old Dominators devour these foreign creatures.

Until the day of fattening.

These enslaved rulers will eventually fall into the mouth of the abyss.

And this... is what Dao Ancestor Wang mentioned in his notes. The Outer God's Pig Raising Plan...

The ancient universe era is essentially the same as before the modern civilization of human cultivators was formally established. It is an era of disorder.

What is emphasized is the old law of "the weak and the strong".

The major alien gods each occupied a corner of the universe and then competed with each other.

"It's really cruel."

Wang Ling sighed inwardly. His face was expressionless.

However, he came to the Palace of the Outer Gods this time not to give free feed to the Old Dominators here, but to get the three-petal Golden Lotus hidden in the palace.

He asked Zhang Zhui. As a result, Zhang Zhui touched his chin and thought hard for a while. He didn't have the slightest clue: "Are you talking about the three-petal Golden Lotus? Hmm... That seems to be something from the ancient universe. I'm here I saw it in the notes of Dao Ancestor Wang. Unfortunately, the records of Golden Lotus at that time were very limited. There are no more clues."

Zhang Zhui once broke into Dao Ancestor Wang's residence several times in order to search for his "treasure".

Apart from stealing the heart of the "Old God", Zhang Zhui feels that the most valuable thing in his hand now is the notes about Dao Ancestor Wang that he saw after breaking in several times.

He didn't go there just to peep at the individuals in the notes.

Because Dao Ancestor Wang's notes usually contain the coordinates of newly generated secret realms in the universe. For cultivators who are eager to seek the immortal element, these secret realms of the universe are heavenly paradises that can quickly improve their realm.

Therefore, what Zhang Zhui really wants to get is actually the coordinate information of these secret realms in the universe.

Then as long as he draws a treasure map and sells it, it will be enough to keep him out of trouble and live a richer life than most Eternal level cultivators.

These are the things that Wang Ling just heard Zhang Zhui mention now.

He didn't know that Zhang Zhui had such a past.

What Zhang Zhui didn't expect was that he never said anything. Wang Ling didn't even forcefully search his memory.

Just ask a young man who doesn't even pay attention to the palace of the outer gods.

If you really want to forcibly retrieve your own memory, isn't it something that can be easily accomplished?

But the boy in front of me didn't do that...

Zhang Zhui believes that he has lived for eternity. He has seen too many so-called strong men who stand at the top and dominate the world and look at others with their noses.

They're so high and mighty. All they do is act like they're dead moms.

But since Zhang Zhui got to know Wang Ling, he suddenly discovered that the elegance of those eternal powerful men he knew in the past was really not one ten thousandth of that of Wang Ling.

"Are the truly strong men all gentle people..." Zhang Zhui smiled bitterly in his heart at this time.

He had to admit that he had a good impression of Wang Ling in his heart.

Although the boy didn't seem to do anything to him.

In modern terms. The boy in front of me. He's an old man.

"Keep moving forward. If I know something, I will tell you everything." At this time, Zhang Zhui said. He closed his eyes again, with a fearless attitude.

The new owner wrapped in Corpse Map in front of him gave him a great sense of security.

Anyway, Zhang Zhui is already a dead man.

This line of work is nothing more than risking your life to accompany a gentleman...

If he died, it wouldn't be a loss.

If Wang Ling can walk out of the palace of the outer gods alive, then he will be a witness to history. At the same time, he can brag about this matter to others for a lifetime!

--I walked away from the palace of the outer gods. And I came out alive!

At this time. Wang Ling is selecting the next entrance.

There was a piece of purple feathers condensing in the sky. Then it fell down. It slowly stayed in the palm of Wang Ling.

This is the reward for completing the second level [Chaos Divine Feather]

What surprised Wang Ling slightly.

This time, the reward is not a one-time item.

But a permanent chaos device!

It is the same existence as the Supreme Corpse Map!

Moreover, the chaos concentration of this Chaos Divine Feather... is actually several times higher than that of the Corpse Map!

Wang Ling thinks this should be regarded as free material.

He accepted it with satisfaction. He planned to go back and study it later to use it as a strengthening material for "Jingke".

Chaos Divine Feather: "?"





Chapter 1592 Wang Ling’s Determination


When Wang Ling proposed using the Chaos Divine Feather as a material for upgrading the Spirit Sword, Zhang Zhui couldn't help but break into a cold sweat.

He's just a child after all... He's a waste of money! This feather is worth many times more than the Supreme Corpse Map... It's actually used to strengthen the spirit sword?

What to do if the reinforcement fails?

Although Zhang Zhui is in Corpse Map, he is also a knowledgeable person. The fantasy world in the picture allows Zhang Zhui to actually surf the Internet in Corpse Map.

This reminded him of the computer game called Poisoned Milk Powder that he played many years ago.

The strengthened equipment almost made him want to strengthen it!

Once you fail, you have to tear everything down and start over...

Because in the world wrapped in Corpse Map, Zhang Zhui cannot recharge directly. Therefore, his wealth in these modern online games is all derived from his daily game play.

Cultivators can originally go without sleep for long periods of time.

In addition, Zhang Zhui is essentially a dead person...so. Dead people don't need to rest. There is no need to worry about the wear and tear of the liver due to staying up late for a long time.

Because Zhang Zhui doesn't have a liver to wear.

Take the Feather. Wang Ling's heart was still in a state of tranquility. He knew Zhang Zhui must be cursing himself for being a loser.

But let me tell you something. Wang Ling has always had a very high vision.

This Chaos Divine Feather may be a good thing in Zhang Zhui's eyes, but in Wang Ling's eyes, it is actually just a discardable strengthening material.

Seriously in fact Wang Ling.

The value of this Chaos Divine Feather is not as great as the Corpse Map wrapped around it.

Although the concentration of chaos wrapped in the Corpse Map is not as high as that of the Chaos Divine Feather, it has been circulating for eternity after all. In addition, there are big bosses like Zhang Zhui in the picture.

With the help of this picture, Wang Ling can always understand the secrets of cultivation in the universe that he has never understood.

These ancient powerful men who were suppressed by Dao Ancestor Wang in the Corpse Map are now the largest knowledge reserve in Wang Ling. It can be called a portable encyclopedia.

Of course. The most important thing is!

This Corpse Map is under the sole control of Wang Ling. He will not talk to himself and do other unnecessary things...

Just like the iPad Sage Immortal Book that he had given away.

After passing the swamp area of the second level, Wang Ling continues on the road.

The small world in the third room ahead is completely different from the previous two levels.

It's not as scary as a dead forest. It doesn't have the mysterious atmosphere of a swamp.

This is a world full of white mist. All kinds of rays of light are transpiring, rolling turbulently in the chaos.

The foggy world is full of dangers.

When Wang Ling approached here, I clearly felt that the glow here was different. It was very heavy on my shoulders. It was a weight that ordinary cultivators could not bear.

You can Wang Ling walk in the mist. Just like walking on flat ground...

The brisk pace made Zhang Zhui, who was wrapped in the Corpse Map, shouting "pervert" in his heart.

This "abnormal" doesn't mean anything else. It's just that I simply feel that Wang Ling's power is so unnatural that I can't help but burst out in exclamation in my heart.

Wang LingWalking in this mist. It feels like I am watching an old movie. It seems as if I have experienced several eras.

Countless creatures that were extinct in the universe appeared before his eyes. He saw a girl riding a white jade unicorn, and also saw an old man fishing for a void dragon with a straight hook...

All kinds of magical scenes are constantly appearing in front of my eyes.

This is not an illusion. This is a real scene.

The King's Eyes of Wang Ling have the ability to remove the false and preserve the true. If it is false, these scenes will split immediately.

Zhang Zhui watched the whole process with Wang Ling. He was dumbfounded and speechless.

The scene in front of me is so surprising. I don’t know what language to use to describe it.

"The Mirror of Reality?" It took a while. He said four words in a skeptical manner.

Zhang Zhui remembered that he had seen it in Dao Ancestor Wang's notes.

There is such a magical secret realm in the universe. It is constructed based on the laws of the Almighty. All the scenes here have an effect very similar to that of a cosmic album.

Various classic scenes from the development period of the entire universe will be preserved and then continuously "played" in the secret realm. These scenes look like images, but in fact they are all visible and tangible.

There is no difference from the real scene.

"When a lie becomes true, the truth is also false... In this world of illusion and reality, it would be easy to do it with the power of the alien god Sotos," Zhang Zhui said.

Sotos is known as the Omniscient of the Outer Gods. He's a master of the universe. He knows everything. He knows every inch of the universe.

It is not difficult to create such an unfathomable realm. The Mirror of Reality.

However, these seemingly beautiful pictures always make Zhang Zhui feel unreal.

Outer gods have always regarded human cultivators as fodder. They are extremely hostile.

If The Mirror of Reality is really created by "Sotos", it should contain scenes from the glorious days when the Old Dominators dominated the universe...

And sure enough.

The next second Zhang Zhui had doubts in his heart, the scenes in front of him suddenly changed!

Originally a smiling girl riding on a white jade unicorn.

Suddenly the seated unicorn turns its head and bites back.

The little girl screamed. She saw that the white jade unicorn had gone berserk. It bit her neck off. It crushed her head like a watermelon...

It turns out that a parasitic spore has been implanted by the Old Dominator underneath the unicorn's curly hair.

The spore grows rapidly inside the body of the White Jade unicorn, nourished by the blood of the unicorn. It developed invisible tentacles. It manipulated the Jade Forest Spirit into biting its master to death.

The tentacles grew by eating them. Finally, the body of the White Jade Unicorn became the new "Old Dominator."

As for the old man who was fishing with a straight hook, the tragic situation between him and the little girl was as clear as day.

"Onom!" Wang Nuan looked a little nervous and couldn't help but put his arms around Wang Ling's neck.

Wang Ling stretched out a hand and patted Wang Nuan's back gently.

The scene in front of me was truly astonishingly reversed. It was a harmonious scene before. Unexpectedly, things changed in the blink of an eye.

"I knew it would be like this..." Zhang Zhui sighed.

However, the scenes before him reminded Zhang Zhui of another incident recorded in Dao Ancestor Wang's notes.

This matter was just Dao Ancestor Wang's inference. But now after seeing the scene in front of him, Zhang Zhui felt that it made sense.

Dao Ancestor Wang's inference said: "The origin of human beings probably started from the games played by the Old Dominators."

The ancient universe era. That is the era when the Old Dominator ruled the universe. Far earlier than human cultivators.

Therefore, it stands to reason that it is impossible for the Old Dominator to coexist with human cultivators.

But "The Mirror of Reality" in front of us clearly recorded the scenes of the Old Dominators seizing the bodies of those humans...The most likely answer is that the Old Dominators once built a party with the power of law in order to expand their race. A new spiritual world.

And these new creatures are human beings.

From the perspective of God, they manipulated human cultivators, using these humans as their own supplies, and thus continued to devour...

Until one day, the Old Dominators were destroyed for unknown reasons.

And the surviving fodder became the masters of the universe. They became the new masters of the universe.

Of course. This answer... is just Dao Ancestor Wang's own inference. Even Zhang Zhui has no more evidence to support these things.

"Boring."

As for Zhang Zhui’s thoughts, Wang Ling made a rare comment.

Zhang Zhui said: "This is just inference... You know. We are old and are old conspiracy theorists. What Dao Ancestor Wang said may not be entirely correct..."

Wang Ling sighed.

He clenched his fists and thought thoughtfully.

Perhaps. Looking at the entire universe, human civilization is so small that it is just a drop in the ocean. Naturally, it cannot be the highest civilization. There are still many shortcomings and areas for improvement.

However, the emergence of the human civilization system of cultivators is by no means a subsidiary of another evil old civilization.

Are you actually using The Mirror of Reality. to slander human civilization?

Why don't you just make noodles that are so delicious...

At this moment. Wang Ling is in the third level of the Mirror of Nothingness.

A prompt appeared again in the void.

Gold characters are displayed. This level requires Wang Ling to conduct a strength appraisal. At least 3 +∞ are required to pass.

But for this game. Wang Ling feels a little impatient.

"Do you want three +∞..." At this moment, Wang Ling frowned.

Then, he rolled up the sleeve of his right hand.

When Zhang Zhui saw this action, he immediately panicked: "You...what are you going to do?"

I saw Wang Ling showing his fist as big as a sandbag.

What to do?

Of course. Overthrow this palace of the Outer Gods...





Chapter 1593 Death Bell for Judgment


When Wang Ling rolled up his sleeves and put on an expression like he was going to do something big.

Zhang Zhui's first reaction was naturally astonishment.

Even though he had just refreshed his understanding of Wang Ling's strength not long ago.

But he doesn’t think that Wang Ling can take down the entire palace of the Outer Gods with one punch.

But now, seeing Wang Ling brushing up his sleeves, Zhang Zhui deeply realized that he still underestimated Wang Ling...

Why does such a terrifying young man exist in this universe?

When Zhang Zhui saw Wang Ling's King's Eyes before, he actually had some suspicions in his mind.

Because he can see that King's Eyes is not in the Dao. It can't be copied by the Dao.

Therefore, the first thing Zhang Zhui thought of was "a product of the past".

If King's Eyes is connected to the Old Dominator civilization in the ancient universe...

Then everything will fall into place.

After coming to the conclusion, Zhang Zhui followed suit. At first he suspected that Wang Ling was not a normal human cultivator...

He felt that Wang Ling most likely had the bloodline of the Old Dominator from the ancient universe era.

But now, Zhang Zhui feels that his conclusion is completely wrong.

Although there are wars and predators in Old Dominator.

But a place like the Palace of the Outer Gods symbolizes the supreme right of the king!

It is a symbolic product that represents the glory of the ancient universe civilization of Old Dominator. Just like the Feng Shui dragon veins believed in by ancient human cultivators when they established their empire.

No matter how hard we fight, no one will do something like this... This is an act that destroys the foundation of faith and race.

Before Wang Ling called him out, he had passed two levels in a row.

Zhang Zhui originally thought that this was because King's Eyes might be a product of the past. Therefore, he had a smooth journey in the palace of the outer gods as if he was cheating.

But now. After seeing how poorly Old Dominator treats humans. He's actually going to punch the entire Outer God's Palace from the inside.

This...

Is it really possible?

Zhang Zhui is completely confused now.

On the other side, Wang Ling is also gathering strength.

He knew that it would not be easy to disintegrate the palace of the outer gods from the inside. Therefore, this punch must pay special attention to its weight.

Normally, my attack is relatively casual. I'm afraid it won't be enough to deal with the Palace of Outer Gods.

Yes, of course. Wang Ling also pondered whether or not to shed his Talisman.

He thinks it can be revealed. But it's not necessary.

It's just a house that got knocked down. It's not as if we have to expose Talisman.

At this time. Wang Ling took a deep breath.

A few seconds later, his fist condensed with golden light. Countless powers of chaos gathered in the center of his fist like a whirlpool.

In an instant, the nearby space boiled!

The mist of reality generated in the space of The Mirror of Reality was dispelled by the golden light condensed by the boy.

At the position of his fist, Zhang Zhui could clearly feel that the concentration of chaos was soaring.

Chaos is originally purple-black. Only when the concentration reaches a limit will it turn into gold!

"It can reach this point..." Zhang Zhui was completely shocked. He never expected that the concentration of chaos condensed by Wang Ling at this moment has far exceeded that of Dao Ancestor Wang back then! It only took a few seconds. This has gathered together The concentration of chaos is already an astronomical figure that cannot be technically achieved!

Tens of thousands of times more terrifying than Dao Ancestor Wang back then!

And...this is just the beginning!

Wang Ling still has not reached its extreme value!

"Dong!"

The melodious bell rang.

It was not the sound from the palace of the outer gods. It was a powerful wave transmitted from the center of the universe. It had a special resonance with Wang Ling at this moment.

Now, not only Zhang Zhui, but also the other eternal warriors in the Corpse Map could not sit still.

They looked at the scene in front of them in astonishment.

But I saw a faint golden outline emerging behind the young man. Supreme and supreme! A golden dharma ring on the head and golden chaotic mist on the feet!

It was just an outline of a face that could not be seen clearly. But it caused countless Eternal-level experts in the Corpse Map to fall into a short-circuit in their minds...

Because they know. It looks like a double. What is this thing behind Wang Ling.

"This...this is the Dharma! This young man's Dharma...is actually the spirit of the universe?" Wrapped in the Corpse Map. Many ancient powerful men couldn't help but kneel down at this moment.

This is not because they want to kneel down. It is a natural reaction of their bodies after seeing the spirit of the universe.

This is the most powerful Dharma object!

Symbolizes a kind of supreme, noble and endless power!

"Dong!"

Just when everyone was lost in thought, the second bell sounded again.

This is the fluctuation that occurs after the spirit of the universe appears. It is like the sound of a bell. In fact, it is the result of powerful energy diffusing in the universe.

If the universe is viewed as a harp, then the major planets in the universe are the strings on the harp.

Then the spirit of the universe of Wang Ling is the one who plays the strings.

When the third bell rang, even greater fluctuations came out. The surrounding time and space were all chaotic. The sound of the bell was like a countdown that echoed in the universe!

It indicates that something big is about to happen.

"This is the Death Bell for Judgment..." Zhang Zhui was quite surprised.

Because he only knew about Death Bell for Judgment from Dao Ancestor Wang's notes before.

At that time, Dao Ancestor Wang also used great power to try to summon the spirit of his own Dharma to cause fluctuations, and then activated the Death Bell for Judgment.

But Dao Ancestor Wang failed in the end. It did not succeed.

God knows. This scene will actually happen here.

"Death Bell for Judgment? What is this?" wrapped in Corpse Map. Someone asked.

Not all Eternal-level experts have the experience and knowledge of Zhang Zhui.

"That's...a ruling from the universe...representing a kind of chaotic will..." Zhang Zhui explained. In fact, he couldn't tell what it was.

But every time Death Bell for Judgment sounds, it gives people an unspeakable feeling of heart palpitations.

It was a feeling as if the universe was about to collapse...

All the fear, shock, and confusion were all added up. It only took a few seconds for Wang Ling to accumulate power.

During the buildup. The laws of the palace of the Outer Gods found a discrepancy. They attempted to destroy Wang Ling with the power of the Outer Divine Order by condensing the Chaos Reinforcement. However, it was consumed by the Spirit of the Universe.

The outline of this void. At this moment it manifests itself as the supreme seat of supremacy.

"I'm ready.." When Wang Ling opened his eyes. A destructive punch came out of his hand!

Boom!

A huge penetrating beam of light emanates from Wang Ling's fist. It points straight into the void ahead. It is a power condensed from the center of the universe. Wherever the fist light passes, everything is collapsing!

The space of The Mirror of Reality was shattered on the spot. The mist was purified by the golden light.

Accompanied by the fifth ring of the Death Bell for Judgment. Wherever this punch passed, everything was being destroyed and collapsed...





Chapter 1594 The Darkest Moment


Zhang Zhui stared at the scene in front of him dumbfounded. The palace of the outer gods was shaking. Everything was in a state of collapse.

Then, he heard a cracking sound coming from the palace. It seemed like something was about to collapse.

"Just one punch. The palace of the outer gods collapsed..."

In the Supreme Wrapped Corpse Map, those Eternal-level experts were all shocked. Who would have thought that such an invincible young man would appear today after an eternity.

Palace of Outer Gods...

That is the ancient cosmic civilization. It is a symbol of supreme power among the Old Dominator tribe. It is also a symbol of hegemony.

No one would have thought that the Palace of the Outer Gods would be like this. It was destroyed by Wang Ling's punch. It was as crispy as a piece of tofu.

Those supreme laws of the outer gods are as powerful as an electrical grid criss-crossing the palace. They can punish anything that is disrespectful to them.

However, in front of Wang Ling, these laws are in vain.

The broken palace of the outer gods is no longer peaceful.

"Boom!"

Thousands of pitch-black tentacles emitted blazing chaotic light, seeping in from the cracks in the Palace of the Outer Gods. The form collapsed but the spirit was immortal. The Palace of the Outer Gods gathered the last of its divine power to fight back before it completely collapsed.

After all, it is something from the ancient universe. This level of toughness is actually within Wang Ling's expectations.

Wang Ling looked as calm as an ancient well.

Because that's the last thing I want to do.

At this moment, the Palace of the Outer Gods was completely dark, giving Wang Ling the illusion of being in darkness.

And at this darkest moment, these thousands of thick tentacles quickly extended from the surroundings, carrying some kind of terrifying power of divine punishment.

Wang Ling raised his hand. He caught a few of them in his hand, and pulled them out and cooked them. Then he pulled them off and roasted them. He fed them to the hungry Ah Nuan girl on his shoulder.

The Tentacles of the End Hunter are not tasty. But these tentacles derived from the darkness with divine punishment effect. Wang Ling judge that the meat quality must be very good.

Strength alone is not on the same level.

Therefore, the meat must be high in protein and very chewy.

Of course. The most important thing is that Wang Ling can feel the breath of the sea at the moment when these tentacles strike.

He judged that this should be the divine punishment tentacle that the Outer God Palace separated from the sea of spiritual consciousness based on his own last will.

The sea of spiritual consciousness. To put it bluntly, it is also a sea.

Since it is seafood produced in the sea, it must have a salty taste.

In fact Ah Nuan was very hungry.

Even if the tentacles don't taste salty, she can still eat them.

But now that it has a taste, it is naturally the icing on the cake.

And the most important thing is, she found out that her brother didn't lie to her. Because these divine punishment tentacles are really delicious! They are many times chewier than the tentacles of the Endgame Hunter!

Ah Nuan girl can't describe the taste. But after Wang Ling tried it for a bit after grilling it, it felt a bit like cuttlefish noodles.

It's the kind of scene that once appeared in gourmet animations. The chewy cuttlefish minced meat is stuffed into the noodles to increase the chewiness and texture.

I have to say, the divine punishment tentacles have a magical texture that is soft and chewy. It is indeed a bit addictive.

So far...

The group of eternal warriors wrapped in the Corpse Map were once again stunned by the operations of Wang Ling and Wang Nuan.

These siblings are so scary.

It sounds like they were born on Earth. But they don’t look like Earthlings at all!

Even the punishment trials at the Outer Shrine were not spared.

In fact, it's not just the ancient warriors in the Corpse Map who are confused.

The Tentacles of Divine Punishment that attacked Wang Ling and Wang Nuan were also a little confused.

When the two Wang brothers and sisters began to swallow the tentacles into their stomachs, at this darkest moment, everything around them that was about to move fell silent...

Divine Punishment Tentacle was stunned.

They had just evolved. They were punished by the will of the alien gods. As a result, Wang Ling caught them by the tentacles. They cut them off, roasted them and ate them.

This operation was so skillful that people could not understand it at all. So all the tentacles of divine punishment stopped their movements for a moment and fell into a state of temporary confusion.

This...

They are tentacles of divine punishment!

Represents the will of the outer gods!

Don't they...don't want to lose face?

There is no doubt that Wang Ling's behavior is completely provocative.

This is tarnishing the final divine punishment will of the Palace of the Outer Gods. It almost leaves no room for it.

After a dead silence that lasted for more than ten seconds, Ah Nuan girl, who was addicted to eating, no longer maintained her image of a good baby and started to feast.

One on the left hand and one on the right. There was a chewing sound coming out of the mouth. It sounded like the echo of a demon.

At this point, the Palace of Outer Gods once again rioted.

Who would have thought that a newly born baby girl could be so arrogant.

Wang Ling. They can't be dealt with. But it seems that they can operate on this baby!

As a result, more Tentacles of Divine Punishment, hundreds of thousands of them, surged out from the cracks near or far away. The troops divided into two groups and attacked Wang Ling and Wang Nuan.

But at this moment, a shocking scene appeared.

I saw the Ah Nuan girl who was happily eating the Tentacle of God's Punishment. Her body grew rapidly in a short period of time! Previously, when she ate a Tentacle of the End Hunter outside the Palace of the Outer Gods. Wang Ling Actually Just discovered this.

At first I thought it was an illusion. But now it seems that he was indeed right...

Ah Nuan girl's body is indeed getting bigger.

But it's not that kind of growth. It's just a doubling of the current body.

In less than a minute. Ah Nuan girl's infinite body grew to be more than 30 feet tall... She was still lying on the ground in the baby's crawling position. The milky scent from her body instantly filled the entire space. It then flowed out from the cracks of the Outer God's palace.

"Is there excess energy..." Zhang Zhui was dumbfounded.

As for the situation at hand. Wang Ling soon knew what happened.

Because the current Ah Nuan girl, although she looks the same as Zhenren, is actually the incarnation of Ah Nuan girl’s shadow. And the shadow can expand infinitely.

When you take in too much energy, your body size will naturally increase indefinitely.

...

Outside the Palace of the Outer Gods. Fenmu Shen has already felt something strange in the palace.

He could actually think that an outer god's palace might not be able to trap Wang Ling. His original purpose was to delay it. This way he would have enough time to complete the last step of resurrection.

But what Fenmu Shen didn't expect was that the brother and sister would break through so quickly.

What made him even more unexpected was that he actually saw a huge baby's chubby hand at this moment. With a bang, it directly pierced the outer god's palace. It stretched out from the top...

Fenmu Shen, who is inheriting the power of the bloodline of "Outer God Sotos", is filled with surprise.





Chapter 1595: Ancestor Slap. 1 Inherited


No one would have imagined that it would be a pair of giant baby hands that finally broke through the Palace of the Outer Gods.

Ah Nuan girl's combat power at this time was extremely terrifying. She absorbed a large amount of power from the Tentacles of Divine Punishment, causing the energy in her body to reach a full state.

And Wang Ling also felt the horror of using Shadow's devouring power as the sister of the founder of Shadow.

This kind of operation is so skillful. It seems as if it has been performed countless times in the mother's womb.

All I can say is that Ah Nuan girl is a real genius. She is born to know how to fight.

Of course. Don't look at Wang Nuan's body "expanding" to such an extent at this moment. But in fact, Shadow's devouring power is more terrifying than a black hole. This energy is actually far from enough to reach saturation.

But a palace of foreign gods is obviously not enough for Ah Nuan girl to digest.

The tens of thousands of Divine Punishment Tentacles in the Palace of the Outer Gods were all confident at first. But in the end, they were shocked beyond measure by Ah Nuan girl's brutal operations.

"Where in the world could such a cruel child come from..."

This is what many people think.

Many people originally wanted to use "naughty kid" to define Wang Nuan. However, they felt that this "naughty kid" label was not appropriate.

Because the little girl seems to be devouring the tentacles of divine punishment. But in essence, this is an act of saving all mankind, and even saving the entire universe.

Let me ask, who else in this world has just been born, with a hungry stomach and a weak baby body, to resist the overlord of the universe with the blood of the Old Dominator?

Nuan Zhenren! What a profound understanding of justice!

How can you use a derogatory label like "naughty kid" to describe it!

This is clearly the hero among women in the world! The king of baby girls!

It's not just the powerful men in the Supreme Corpse Map who are scared.

In fact, the existence of Wang Nuan has indeed gone beyond the understanding of the laws of the Palace of Outer Gods.

Not to mention these eternal strong men in the picture. Anyone who sees this scene will find it difficult to understand.

When the collapsed palace was finally broken through by Wang Nuan's doubled-up giant little fat hand, Fenmu Shen knew that the palace he inherited from the alien god Sotos was completely hopeless.

The supreme world at this moment, accompanied by the complete collapse of the palace of the outer gods, left only a pile of broken walls and ruins, like a pile of chicken feathers.

Ah Nuan girl was still chewing the tentacles of divine punishment in her hand. At this moment, she suddenly discovered that the taste of one of the tentacles seemed to be different from what she had eaten before.

Her teeth were stunned for the first time and she was unable to bite.

When the girl followed the clue and pulled out this special tentacle, Wang Ling saw that what was connected behind this tentacle was actually the three-petal Golden Lotus she had seen before.

The Golden Lotus, which has only three petals, is in a completely alert state at this moment. The petals are tightly closed, leaving no gaps.

Wang Ling The spectators were secretly surprised. They did not expect that the palace of the Outer Gods would be brought to such a state of collapse by the two of them. The Golden Lotus actually survived without any damage.

If I had known he shouldn't have gone in in the first place, it would have been easier to just punch him outside and bring the palace down.

When this strange three-petaled Golden Lotus appeared in the Palace of the Outer Gods.

Even Fenmu Shen is particularly different. He inherits the bloodline of the alien god Sotos. He is the omniscient and omniscient god in the Old Dominator. He knows everything about the universe!

Logically speaking, since this three-petal Golden Lotus was originally in the palace of the outer god Sotos, it should be Sotos's thing.

But Fenmu Shen, who has now completed the resurrection and evolution ritual, has no memory of this matter...

What exactly is this?

How can you cross his knowledge and hit him right in the blind spot?

At this time, the supreme world once again fell into the chaos of endless sun. Needless to say.

A battle for this strange three-petal Golden Lotus broke out first at this moment.

Fenmu Shen wanted to settle the grudge between himself and Wang Ling as soon as possible. But he didn't expect that such an episode would occur.

He didn't know what the three-petal Golden Lotus was. But since it was in the palace of the Outer Gods, and it was beyond his knowledge blind spot, it must be something extremely important.

And the most important thing is that Fenmu Shen can feel that the boy in front of him is also very interested in this thing.

As the biggest enemy, he naturally cannot let Wang Ling succeed easily.

Fenmu Shen has completed the resurrection and evolution ritual. His body is huge. From a distance, he looks like a series of bubbles...

The alien god Sotos was originally nicknamed the "Bubble God".

Of course. It's also a bit like grapes.

This description is a bit unserious. But in the eyes of Ah Nuan girl, this is just a bunch of food.

"Buzz!"

I saw that from this huge foam-like body, he condensed a very small human form. There was no lower body. The upper body was exactly like Peng Xiren's previous body. It was just that the whole body was covered with the markings of the Old Dominator. It looked even bigger than before. Creepy and evil.

The next second. Fenmu Shen, who had inherited the complete bloodline of the Outer Gods, took the lead in launching the offensive.

The nearby space vibrated with Fenmu Shen's will. It seemed as if everything was collapsing and destroying.

Then, from his huge body, a huge spherical lens sealed with dark light was separated. It contained amazing energy.

"No birth, no form. All things perish..."

Fenmu Shen's murmur sounded. Echoing in the supreme world.

Wang Ling instinctively sensed a hint of danger.

This sphere looks like a bubble. The dense reaction of psychic energy inside is extremely real. Even if Wang Nuan swallowed so much energy and expanded to this extent, if the sphere exploded in front of her...

I am afraid...

Will it also remove a few hairs?

Wang Ling was thinking about how to prevent his sister from getting hurt.

It's just that the sphere is too big. The impact range is too wide. It is almost a suicidal attack. The core energy fluctuation caused will cover the entire supreme world.

However, Fenmu Shen has now become an alien god. The dual power of space and time he controls makes him completely fearless of life and death.

At this moment, he urged the foam ball to fly towards Wang Nuan. It was actually a form of intimidation and coercion.

He wanted the Ah Nuan girl in front of him to retreat and not hold on to the three-petal Golden Lotus at hand.

Although he did not inherit the memory of the three-petal Golden Lotus, Fenmu Shen already had a guess in his mind as to what this Golden Lotus was.

Too...

This is in addition to "Destiny". There may be another mysterious thing...

With this idea in mind, Fenmu Shen has made up his mind. It is absolutely impossible for this Golden Lotus to fall into the hands of Wang Ling.

However, what Fenmu Shen didn't expect was that he tried to intimidate Wang Nuan with one move, but the result was completely ineffective against Wang Nuan.

This little girl is very courageous.

He just slapped his hands and hit the ball.

This ancestral slap movement can be said to be passed down from generation to generation...

Action guide:Wang Ling.





Chapter 1596 Ancestral Skills


Fenmu Shen's move "no creation, no form. All things are annihilated" catalyzes the annihilation sphere, which is extremely destructive. Although it looks like a huge bubble from a distance, the devastation is self-evident.

After all, there are not many spells in this world that can burn off the hair of their brothers and sisters.

It can be seen that Fenmu Shen showed no mercy at all. This proves the importance of this Golden Lotus.

In fact, Wang Ling didn't know what it was. At first, he just thought that the golden light emitted by the Golden Lotus could offset the sight of his King's Eyes.

This aroused Wang Ling's full curiosity. So he made up his mind to get the Golden Lotus.

On the other side, Fenmu Shen actually didn't know what this Golden Lotus was. He just felt that the brother and sister in front of him were trying their best to grab it... Naturally, he couldn't let Wang Ling and Wang Nuan succeed easily.

The Supreme Being was wrapped in the Corpse Map. Looking at the battle in front of him, Zhang Zhui and the other eternal warriors were speechless.

Mainly because I was frightened by the magnificent, world-destroying battle before me.

Of course, no one expected that in this cosmic-level battle, the focus of the conflict between the two sides would be over a three-petal Golden Lotus whose origin no one knew...

Anyway, that's the core focus.

--No one wants to let the other party succeed!

When Ah Nuan girl used the ancestral skills of the Old Wang family and slapped Fenmu Shen's "Orb of Annihilation", a huge silent explosion occurred in the supreme world in just a moment.

The scorching temperature and strong psychic energy fluctuations were rolled up along with the explosion of the magic ball. It directly covered the entire supreme world!

The power of this explosion was astonishing. The volume of the explosion was also extremely astonishing. It reached an almost inaudible sound range... Therefore, this destruction was completely silent.

The terrifying force exploded, causing the sky to crack and the earth to sink. Many creatures in the universe that were extremely far away from the highest world felt this strange fluctuation. They either felt uneasy or directly roared on their own planet.

An endless storm arose in an instant.

It's a sight to behold. It's incredible. It's like the dawn of time.

Zhang Zhui and those eternal strong men were extremely surprised.

Even the Dao Ancestor Wang-level battle back then had never reached this level...

After the dust from the sky cleared, Ah Nuan girl's huge body was still at the forefront. But she didn't seem to have suffered any harm at all.

Under such a huge explosion, there was just an extra layer of ashes on the face. It was really incredibly strong.

So now comes the key question.

They all understand the truth...

But what exactly is this three-petal Golden Lotus?

In the Supreme Wrapped Corpse Map, a group of ancient strong men looked at each other. They had turned into a pile of bones and skeletons. But now they have become Wang Ling's portable encyclopedia and think tank. They all speculated and made suggestions here.

After such a long time, many people have long given up hope of fighting their way out of the Corpse Map.

But now. The appearance of Wang Ling seems to have its own aura...

This shining, sparkling young man has allowed these eternal warriors who have been silent for a long time in the Corpse Map to regain hope and courage.

Right now. This brother and sister are too strong...

As long as you please one of them, it's probably not that difficult to have one of them to rescue us from the picture and "reincarnate" them.

"Could it be. Is this another mystery object?" In the Corpse Map, some speculation.

But he was quickly rejected: "Another mysterious thing? I don't think it looks like it."

"That mysterious thing called destiny. Now the most likely result is the heart fragment of the outer god Sotos. And Fenmu Shen just got a little bit of it before inheriting the power of Sotos' bloodline..."

"If the three-petal Golden Lotus is a mysterious object, it is impossible for him to be completely unaware of it. When he took action before, it was with a bit of hesitation and a look of being at a loss. It was as if he didn't know the existence of the three-petal Golden Lotus at all."

"So what is this..."

"I wonder if you have heard of it. Cosmic Embryo?"

At this time, someone suddenly mentioned a new term.

Regarding this matter, most of the Eternal Powers had blank expressions. Only Zhang Zhui seemed to have thought of something.

He stared at the skeleton in front of him and frowned deeply: "Your Excellency's voice sounds familiar..."

"I'm here. Star Wanderer Li Xian."

"Li Xian..." just mentioned a name. Zhang Zhui had already recalled the face of this skeleton when he was alive.

At that time, Li Xian was nicknamed "Star Traveler". The main reason was because of his rich adventure experience. Because of his rich experience, many people would call Li Xian when they went to explore secret places.

Over time, he got such a nickname.

Speaking of which, Li Xian is also his "old acquaintance".

Because I always go to secret places, I have many treasures at home. Many of them are lost. In fact, they were all obtained by Zhang Zhuishun.

"Do you know me?" At this time, Li Xian asked with a smile.

"Not... not familiar..." Zhang Zhui shook his head.

After all, he had gone to someone else's house to drop off some things before. He was afraid of being mentioned about the past, so he denied knowing Li Xian.

But in fact, Li Xian actually recognized Zhang Zhui.

Because when Old God and Zhang Zhui were having an affair, Li Xian was under their bed...

It's just that Zhang Zhui was arrested first.

Li Xian came in step by step, and there was a gap of time in between.

So so far, no one knows the real reason why this reputable "Star Wanderer" came in...

Speaking of which, Li Xian was actually quite aggrieved when he was arrested.

Because when he met Old God, it was just to compose poetry.

Old God is not his cup of tea at all.

But I don’t know why. When he heard someone outside the door looking for Old God, Li Xian was as nervous as a thief. He hid under the bed...

Then. There is no more.

Although when Dao Ancestor Wang arrested Li Xian, Li Xian smiled and claimed that he and Old God were just "writing poetry".

But obviously. This reason.

Dao Ancestor Wang did not agree...

...

Wrapped inside the Corpse Map. The psychological struggle between several eternal warriors is very exciting.

On the other side, thanks to Li Xian and Zhang Zhui. Wang Ling also knew about "Cosmic Embryo".

According to Dao Ancestor Wang's notes, the legendary "Cosmic Embryo" is a natural eye located in the center of the universe. It has the power to see through all things in the universe.

To put it bluntly, this is an insight that only appears in legends...

A unique existence in the universe.

Even if Wang Ling doesn't want this thing, it's impossible to give the "fetus" to the evil god in front of him in vain.

So in the next second.

In the second round, Wang Ling takes the lead.

He frowned slightly, spread his fingers, and rushed towards Fenmu Shen's body. His giant hand sank directly into the huge bunch of "grapes". He stirred vigorously...





Chapter 1597 Infinite Death and Reincarnation


Fenmu Shen didn't expect Wang Ling's move to be so bold. These hands went straight in. They were directly inserted into his huge body and stirred.

In an instant, Fenmu Shen felt a sea of clouds rolling inside her body, a feeling of being turned upside down. A long whine sounded. It was like the horn of the abyss coming from Fenmu Shen's body, reaching a long distance.

This is the impact sound of a wave of air rushing out from the crack after being completely shattered. It is really a landslide and tsunami, and the stars and rivers tremble.

Wang Ling found that his hand that reached in was sucked by the power in Fenmu Shen's body. It seemed that countless tentacles penetrated the hand from the gaps in his body. They wrapped tightly around his hand and then spread. To the entire arm of Wang Ling.

These tentacles are trying to drag Wang Ling inside. As if they are trying to devour him.

"Boy, you are too reckless..." At this moment, Fenmu Shen made a low voice. He has inherited the blood of the Outer God Sotos, so he is not afraid of Wang Ling's attacks.

You must know that he controls the supreme laws of time and space. In fact, he has surpassed the universe-level combat power. Wang Ling Even if it is against the sky, it is impossible to defeat him in the field he is good at.

Even if he dies at this moment, he can still complete the backtracking before he dies and turn back the time one second to the previous time.

Therefore. He has become an immortal existence. No one else in this universe is qualified to be his opponent.

However, Wang Ling's boldness once again exceeded Fenmu Shen's expectations.

Even though he seemed to be at a disadvantage, the expression on the face of the young man in front of him did not fluctuate much. He didn't even resist. He followed the tentacles and penetrated directly into his body.

This move made Fenmu Shen aware of the mystery. He suddenly felt that something was wrong. It was a bit too careless.

With Wang Ling's ability, if he wasn't quite confident in his next actions, he would never have made such a reckless move.

Fenmu Shen believes that he has no destiny.

Because he hid his outer god's heart in his own body.

Because he hid his outer god's heart in his own body.

Wang Ling would not be able to get in to his vitals that easily.

He controls time, space, and his own destiny, the Heart of the Outer Gods. The Heart of the Outer Gods is constantly changing its position. Wang Ling's attempts to search his body for it are like looking for a needle in a haystack.

As a true immortal.

Fenmu Shen should not be concerned about Wang Ling's behavior.

But now. Wang Ling's bold behavior. It made him wonder if his heart of the Outer Gods had really been discovered...

The result. A scene that surprised everyone.

The young man drilled into the body of Fenmu Shen's giant grape cluster. From his body, he precisely took out a red round object the size of a grain of rice.

"The Heart of the Outer God... He actually found it!" Countless people in the Corpse Map applauded. Zhang Zhui stared at this scene with round eyes. In his heart, he could only feel unbelievable.

I can only say that Wang Ling is really too strong!

"How is this done?"

"Although Fenmu Shen has controlled Sotos' ability and has the power to manipulate time and space. But if someone has the same level of ability, I am afraid it will have a mutually canceling effect...just like the positive and negative poles."

At this time, the star wanderer Li Xian said: "Although the power of the outer gods transcends the Tao, the truth of all things in the world can still be found."

Li Xian had just finished speaking. Everyone thought that the outcome of this battle had already been determined.

No one would have thought that in the face of such a powerful alien god, Wang Ling would be so precise in his attack. There was no unnecessary movement. He directly found the alien god's heart, which was like a grain of sand in countless intersecting time and space. Heart.

And now. There is only one step away from the key to victory...

Wang Ling All it takes is to crush the Heart of the Outer God. Fenmu Shen will definitely die.

"not good!"

But on the other side, Fenmu Shen's reaction was also very quick.

Before Wang Ling pinched the Heart of the Outer God, he forcibly activated the ability to retrace his time, going back in time to before Wang Ling grabbed his Heart of the Outer God.

The scene at this time returned to a few minutes ago.

The young man in front of him frowned slightly, spread his fingers, and rushed directly into his body.

The giant hand sank directly into this huge bunch of "grapes". It stirred violently...

This scene looks familiar. But this time, Fenmu Shen had no intention of dragging Wang Ling. Instead, he used all the power in his body to force Wang Ling's hand out of his body.

He thought that doing so would prevent Wang Ling from taking out his Heart of the Outer God.

However, in the next second, Wang Ling pinched his heart and came out again.

"The Heart of the Outer God...He actually found it!"

Countless people in Corpse Map applauded.

Zhang Zhui once again stared at this scene with wide eyes. He only felt incredible in his heart.

I can only say that Wang Ling is really too strong!

However, these people in the picture all have an inexplicable delusion.

Because they feel like they've seen this before. It was as if they had seen it somewhere before...

It wasn't until the same scene happened more than twenty times that the eternal warriors in the Corpse Map began to have some doubts: "This... why do I always feel as if this is not the first time I have seen this scene."

"Do you feel the same way? I also feel like I have seen the same scene in my dream."

"It should be time going back..." At this time, the well-informed Li Xian made another judgment: "Ling Zhenren repeatedly took out the heart of the evil god. And the evil god was also constantly going back through time. He has the ability to resist. But it seems that such resistance has no effect."

"It's useless." Zhang Zhui shook his head and said, "This is infinite death and reincarnation. No matter how you resist, the result will be the same. It's nothing more than a way to dig out your heart. There may be some changes."

They thought that Wang Ling and Fenmu Shen had the same power to check and balance time and space.

Now, both Zhang Zhui and Li Xian realized that they were wrong after all. And they were so wrong!

Wang Ling This wave of operations is obviously on the fifth floor!

Fenmu Shen already felt that he had been deceived as early as the first time he pinched the heart of the Outer God.

Because that time was also the first time Wang Ling put his body into Fenmu Shen's body.

This man used his own power to directly control all time and all dimensions of space in the universe! At every possible point in time, he found Fenmu Shen's Heart of the Outer God and took it away!

That was probably the result of countless clones working together!

In other words, no matter how the current Fenmu Shen goes back in time, it will be invalid...

Because technically speaking, he is already dead.

In every different dimension of time and space.

They were all killed once by Wang Ling.





Chapter 1598: People with the same disease


When Fenmu Shen carved the fiftieth character of "正" in his spiritual world.

He has had his heart ripped out fifty times by Wang Ling...

Fenmu Shen doesn't know what happened to him. Why he failed fifty times in a row. And every time his heart was ripped out by Wang Ling from the countless timelines he controlled.

When the 51st time. When those horrible dead eyes appeared in front of Fenmu Shen again. He had already developed a psychological shadow.

Even before Wang Ling could take out his Heart of the Outer God, he directly activated his ability to backtrack.

Fenmu Shen roared at Wang Ling: "I am Sotos, the supreme outer god who controls space and time! Don't even think about destroying me like this!" He faced Wang Ling and adjusted time forward again.

"..."

As long as your heart is not ripped out by him, it doesn't count as death.

Wang Ling finally understands this point.

But to be honest. In fact, no matter how Fenmu Shen escapes, this ending is already doomed and cannot be changed.

This is an ability even more terrifying than a seal. It traps people in infinite death and reincarnation. It makes them face the same kind of death consequences over and over again...

In a sense. Wang Ling feels that Fenmu Shen's ending is even more miserable than Bai Zhe's.

Although Bai Zhe was eliminated by him from all world lines, there is no longer a character named Bai Zhe in the universe.

But at least Bai Zhe left happily. At least he didn't have to endure this inescapable pain.

However, Fenmu Shen. No matter what he does now, the outcome is already doomed.

The reason for adopting this method is actually the careful consideration of Wang Ling.

1: Fenmu Shen has inherited the bloodline of the Outer God. This ancient cosmic creature has many strange methods of resurrection. Wang Ling is worried that if it is killed, it will evolve towards the third form or even the fourth form. It seems a bit endless.

2: Who asked Fenmu Shen to hit Wang Nuan... This ball of annihilation burned off several of his sister's hairs.

This account must be settled.

...

Reverting to Wang Ling's side of the correct world and time line. Fenmu Shen has disappeared. The reason for this is that Fenmu Shen used his ability to go back in time. He has returned his time line to the past.

However, Wang Ling does share the ability to control the time.

So here's the situation. Fenmu Shen is trapped in his old timeline. And he can't get out. Because if he does, it will mean that his Elder God's Heart will be crushed by Wang Ling.

As for Wang Ling's time. It's still moving forward.

Wrapped in Corpse Map. No one could have imagined the battle between Wang Ling and Fenmu Shen. The final outcome was so simple and clean.

Many ancient experts, including Zhang Zhui and Li Xian, believed from the beginning that this was a pinnacle battle destined to go down in history.

But no one thought that when Wang Ling became serious, Fenmu Shen, who had evolved into an outer god, would still end up being killed instantly...

And with Fenmu Shen trapped in the old time.

This Cosmic Embryo, wrapped in a three-petal Golden Lotus, fell into the hands of Wang Ling.

Wang Ling reached out and took the bud of Cosmic Embryo into his hand. Ah Nuan saw the situation and couldn't help sucking her fingers. She knew that the bud was extremely important to Wang Ling. Otherwise, she would have eaten the bud too. impulsive.

In the end, the little girl just stretched out her finger and poked the bud lightly.

Then there was a "buzz" sound!

Cosmic Embryo burst out with bright light. Wang Ling frowned slightly. He found that Cosmic Embryo was absorbing the excess energy from Ah Nuan.

This little girl ate too many Tentacles of Divine Punishment, causing her current size to double. But now she has regained control and balance under the absorption of Cosmic Embryo.

Finally, Ah Nuan girl returned to her original size and lay on Wang Ling's shoulders again. Then she yawned. With a "pop" sound, she turned into a ball of smoke and disappeared.

"Have you returned to your true body..." Wang Ling thought to himself. The expression on his face seemed to be a smile but not a smile.

"After all, she's only just been born. You must be tired after all these battles. I'm sure you're tired." Zhang Zhui couldn't help but sigh. He looked at Wang Nuan's cute face. His heart was also filled with emotion.

He should have had more daughters. Daughters are cute. And they're from China Merchants Bank.

Giving birth to a son... is of no use at all! It was because he had to raise so many sons... that he embarked on this road of no return.

But after being trapped in the Corpse Map, what Zhang Zhui regretted the most and what made him feel the most sorry was his family members.

I don't know if his children who have not yet grown up will survive after he is trapped in this picture...

This is what Zhang Zhui wants to know most.

With Dao Ancestor Wang's personality, he wouldn't do anything to his family members.

Every injustice has its owner, and every debt has its owner. Dao Ancestor Wang would not be so decisive.

At this time, Li Xian stared at the Cosmic Embryo in Wang Ling's hand and said, "I didn't expect that Cosmic Embryo really exists..."

These words brought back Zhang Zhui's thoughts: "To make Cosmic Embryo bloom, I'm afraid it requires an extremely large amount of energy. And this Cosmic Embryo is obviously frightened. Its buds are too tight. It still needs to be given some time. It'll be better to get used to it."

Listening to the two people's analysis. Wang Ling nodded.

He followed what Zhang Zhui said and used a method of injecting energy bit by bit instead of all at once.

Such huge energy Wang Ling does exist.

But for the cosmic bud, energy is more like a fertilizer or nutrient solution. If too much is poured into it, it won't work.

So he had no choice but to be patient and wait until the buds opened to see what this Cosmic Embryo was.

Sun Island. Wang Ling's thoughts are withdrawn.

Here, the closed-door competition surrounding the rankings of college students continues...

No outsider could imagine this. This Number 60 High School mascot is sitting in the lounge. He seems to be in a daze and suddenly wakes up from his daze. He has just saved the universe again...

...

Old Timeline. Fenmu Shen looked at the demonic boy in front of him. He couldn't help roaring: "You...you can't. Try another method! Can you stop digging out your heart!"

It glared angrily and cursed.

Wang Ling didn't say a word, but the black tiger dug out his heart.

...

Fenmu Shen still hasn't figured out what happened. Mainly because he doesn't have the guts to think about it.

As a god who controls time and space, he thinks he controls everything. After all, Wang Ling is just an ordinary earthling. No matter how powerful he is, he will never be able to surpass him in these two abilities.

But the repeated endings and repeated deaths in front of him told Fenmu Shen this shocking fact that he had to believe...

He was actually killed once by Wang Ling in all timelines and world lines???

How is this possible...





Chapter 1599 Old Uncle


The one thousand five hundred and ninety-nineth time...

In the extra timeline, when Fenmu Shen recorded the number of his deaths, his body was exhausted and his face showed a look of despair.

The inescapable fate heralds a kind of decline and end for him. No matter how hard he struggles, it is all in vain. This is the most frightening thing.

It doesn't make sense...

That’s not true!

Fenmu Shen roared.

He is obviously the god who controls time and space. How could he be manipulated by an earthling?

In anger, he moved time forward again and changed the world he was in.

This is a brand new world line. He firmly believes that as long as his choices are different from before, he will be able to change his fate of having his heart ripped out by Wang Ling through the butterfly effect...

Fenmu Shen jumped the timeline back to the time when he sent the ancient divine soldiers to rescue Peng Xiren.

According to that timeline, Peng Xiren's soul was later forcibly brought back to his residence by Zheng. And he relied on Peng Xiren's physical body. He cast a spell to open the celestial tomb with the memory of Peng Xiren's physical body.

What if...

If he hadn't done that at the beginning, maybe the ending would have changed.

So this time.

Fenmu Shen stood still.

He chose to continue hiding in the Devouring Star. If he hadn't opened the Sky Tomb, hadn't inherited the bloodline of the Outer God Sotos... but had just continued to stay here honestly, maybe nothing would have happened.

However, what Fenmu Shen didn't expect was that even on this world line, the boy from Earth would still find him quickly.

There was despair on Fenmu Shen's face.

Then. Wang Ling without saying a word, dug out Fenmu Shen's heart...

Is even this timeline controlled...

When Fenmu Shen opened his eyes again, time returned to the time when he became an Outer God.

Just when he made up his mind and prepared to continue jumping, a voice suddenly sounded from his mind.

"It's useless. You can't deal with him...his methods. I know all too well." It was a very young voice.

What surprised Fenmu Shen was that this voice actually sounded directly in his mind.

Direct spiritual intervention?

What a joke...

Even if he is bullied by Wang Ling, when will someone other than Wang Ling be able to ride on his head?

He tried to purify his spirit and force the voice out of his mind.

However, he was met with a sneer from this mysterious voice: "You don't have to be like this. If you don't want to cooperate, I can leave on my own. But if you and I don't join forces, the probability of defeating him is almost zero."

These words made Fenmu Shen calm down a bit. He had been killed by Wang Ling too many times. It was when his thinking was confused and he needed someone to guide him.

Faced with the sudden sound, although he felt furious, he also felt as if he had grasped a life-saving straw.

"Who are you..."

"Someone who has the same problem as you."

The voice laughed and said: "That person erased everything about me from the universe... but he didn't expect that my will transcended everything. He survived with strong resentment..."

"You have no body?"

"I have become a transcendent existence. I do not need to rely on the physical body to survive."

"..."

Several conversations. Fenmu Shen was always suspicious.

He didn't completely believe what the voice said. But the other party's existence was indeed extremely strange.

Because during the conversation, Fenmu Shen tried to find the source of this spirit. However, he found that the other party was not incorporeal. His tracking signal was directly distributed to the entire universe along a strange route...

"How about. Do you want to cooperate?"

At this moment. Fenmu Shen was silent. The voice was still urging: "I will help you. I'll help you get the rest of the secret objects..."

"Did you say. Destiny?" Fenmu Shen was half-convinced.

"The part you received did not fully allow you to inherit the power of Sotos. It is far from the heyday of Sotos.

There is still a certain gap."...

Cosmic Embryo is a strange thing that Wang Ling has never seen before. Natural magic weapons like this kind of cultivation are actually rare.

And. Wang Ling discovered that this Cosmic Embryo seemed to have the effect of absorbing excess energy from his body.

But both Zhang Zhui and Li Xian said that after Cosmic Embryo develops, it will no longer have this ability to absorb excess energy.

Therefore. Wang Ling's plan to use Cosmic Embryo to control the body's excess energy failed. We still have to wait until Wang Ming uses the strange black stone to research the new seal Talisman.

But this is still a very special harvest for Wang Ling.

At least during the time when Cosmic Embryo was developing and forming, there was finally something else to share the excess psychic energy in his body with the original seal Talisman on his body. This helped Wang Ling better control his power.

Wang Ling keeps the uterus in its own spiritual space. The powerful spiritual space provides Cosmic Embryo with great nutrients.

For Cosmic Embryo. This is a mud pot with excellent nutritional content.

In the vast spiritual space of Wang Ling, which is like another universe. After Cosmic Embryo settled down, it began to emit a golden ripple. It was using its own energy to test the scope of this new universe. .

As a result, Cosmic Embryo trembled slightly...because this space was so big. It had almost no edge or end.

In reality, for the first time, a golden vertical eye appeared naturally between Wang Ling's eyebrows. It appeared like a mark between his two sword-shaped eyebrows. It was easy to see the difference with those dead eyes. Fish eyes are out of place.

But Cosmic Embryo is too mysterious. Ordinary people cannot see this eye.

Even Sun Rong, who is said to be the world's number one Foundation Building in terms of combat power, can't see Wang Ling's inner eye.

After all, what the girl relies on is the sword energy blessed by the fusion of Aohai human swords. It is not her original state.

But Wang Ling feels that it should be a good thing that Sun Rong doesn't know about this.

Cosmic Embryo is originally a thing that appeared in the ancient universe era. It is related to those cruel Old Dominators. It may be very dangerous to be connected with these evil things.

"I wonder what amazing changes this Cosmic Embryo will have after it is fully formed..."

"This thing may not necessarily be a good thing. It is also difficult to control it. At present, it seems that only someone of Ling Zhenren's level can control it stably."

Li Xian and Zhang Zhui looked at each other. They were the only ones among the Eternal Powerhouses who had heard about Cosmic Embryo. They were also the ones with the most extensive experience.

Wang Ling plans to reuse the two of them in the future.

Here, it was about to be Wang Ling's turn to play. Wang Ling pinched his fingers to calculate the course of the game.

Then he frowned.

Because he counted on the "Jiugong family" side. It seems that someone is still trying to make a move...trying to take action against Sun Rong who pretends to be Jiugong Liangzi in this game.

Wang LingNow I just want to compete and get bonuses. I don’t care about other unnecessary things.

He felt that such small things could be done for him by the eternal warriors in the Corpse Map.

So. After Wang Ling conveyed the whole matter to Li Xian through spiritual thoughts.

Li Xian's eyes immediately lit up.

Wang Ling wants to give him the key to freely enter and leave the Corpse Map.

This was something Li Xian never expected.

Like other Eternal-level experts, Li Xian was a witness who watched Wang Ling beat Fenmu Shen. Wang Ling had an order. He naturally had a willing-to-die attitude.

He immediately knelt down and kowtowed: "Don't worry, Ling Zhenren. I'll leave this matter to you. I'll do it beautifully."

And the other side.

Those Jiugong family members who were planning to deal with Jiugong Liangzi also never expected it.

The person who is about to come to Jiugong's house is a strong man from all ages.

And Li Xian did not do any other unnecessary things during this trip.

I was just sent by Wang Ling to handle the Jiugong family's housework...

Who would have thought that the eternal master back then would be transformed into the new and old uncle by Wang Ling in the blink of an eye.





Chapter 1600 A good law-abiding citizen・Li Xian


This is the first time Li Xian has accepted a task assigned by Wang Ling. It is also the first time Li Xian has walked out of this Corpse Map in all eternity.

But now, all the eternal strong men in the picture are just white bones.

Reshaping the physical body is not difficult for Wang Ling. However, this is to reshape the physical body for the eternal strong man. Therefore, Wang Ling plans to wait until the things at hand are finished. Find time to specifically reshape the body for the picture. Use some of the "tools" you commonly use to customize it.

As for now, Li Xian who walked out of Corpse Map is still disembodied.

In order to avoid people thinking that he was cosplaying "The Bones of the Sin Realm are King in the End1", Wang Ling used the power of King's Eyes to put a layer of skin on Li Xian who was out on business.

(A Novel, "罪域的骨終為王," where the main character has turned into a skeleton.) In appearance, Li Xian is wearing a very modern casual sportswear. But his appearance is Li Xian's original appearance.

Li Xian took a look in the mirror after going out. Although he was a little uncomfortable with his current attire, he was very receptive.

The familiar look in the mirror made Li Xian suddenly feel sad.

But...

Finally he came out.

After putting on a completely modern look, he also lost the long and flowing hair that was the hallmark of the Eternal Strong Man.

The skin Wang Ling gave him did not follow the aesthetics of that time in the past. It was all based on modern times.

And Li Xian, who is now wearing modern clothes, is a standard "spirited boy". He has a short haircut, is extremely handsome, and has the look of a star.

It’s no wonder that Dao Ancestor Wang didn’t believe Li Xian’s explanation at first.

However, although Li Xian in the mirror has lost his former appearance, the "star wanderer" is still there. He has the style of a literary young man. In addition, Wang Ling gave Li Xian this The skin suit is also paired with glasses without prescription, which makes Li Xian's overall temperament even more obvious.

"Jiugong Xiushi?" Li Xian searched for the memory that Wang Ling sent to him through mental transmission. He confirmed the target of this operation.

Over at Jiugong's house. Ever since Jiugong Xinghui, the sixth wife of the Zhai Xing Group, was eliminated by Wang Ling, Jiugong Xiushi's little moves have been the only one that has continued.

Li Xian's mission this time was to teach Jiugong Xiushi a lesson. By the way, he also destroyed the extra {Ghost Book} volumes.

The Jiugong family has always regarded {Ghost Book} as a symbol of family power. {Ghost Book} is regarded as a jade seal passed down from the country...

After understanding the whole story of the incident.

Li Xian suddenly felt that what he was really afraid of was not the ghosts in the {Ghost Book}, but the human hearts outside the {Ghost Book}.

The poison in people's hearts has far outweighed the threat of {Ghost Book} itself.

Although the Jiugong family has sealed the dangerous {Ghost Book} in the basement of the Jiugong family, the real danger is the human struggle caused by this small Ghost Book...

And everyone in the Jiugong family has unknowingly fallen into this fratricidal dispute.

Li Xian has seen too many fights throughout the ages.

Although the earth is small, it is also condensed and visible.

That's it. Li Xian took the Supreme Corpse Map and went out to carry out the first mission assigned by Wang Ling.

The reason why I went with the Corpse Map was because this was actually the second task assigned to Li Xian by Wang Ling.

The main purpose is to let Li Xian help the eternal strong men in Corpse Map to get familiar with modern society.

In this way, when Wang Ling is used by other people later, there is no need to adapt to it one by one.

Of course. Although Wang Ling was relieved to hand over the Corpse Map to Li Xian, there was no need to worry about Li Xian running away with the Corpse Map.

Although Li Xian is an eternal strong man, but now Li Xian has no ability and no courage...

He is a smart man. He knows what to do.

Come to the modern street.

When Li Xian saw the modern human cultivators flying swords in an orderly manner, or taking the Spirit Bus from the ground or in the air to wait for the traffic lights to line up to pass through the road section, many ancient strong men were filled with emotion at the same time.

This is a time they have never seen before.

No one thought that the cultivation civilization would become like this after all these eternities.

"Why do all modern cultivators have such tempers as those of rabbits?" Someone lamented in Corpse Map.

"Yes." Others nodded in agreement: "Think back in the Eternal Era, when the secret realm was opened. The competition was all about speed. Fighting for the priority of the secret realm and fighting for the entrance. That was commonplace. I don't know if it is under the modern system. If we find out. How are new secret realms allocated?"

"It is allocated based on national borders." Li Xian had already checked this issue.

Wang Ling gave Li Xian how to use the smartphone through spiritual transmission.

As for the mobile phone in Li Xian's hands now, Sun Rong bought it for him.

The eldest lady has a lot of money. Li Xian's group of eternal strong men have no shortage of funds for activities.

"nation?"

"The entrance to the new secret realm will be owned by that country. As for the resources inside the secret realm, the country will send a representative team to collect them efficiently. All will be handed over to the national treasury. Finally, they will be unified according to the modern talent resource pool. Resource allocation." Li Xian said.

Now, everything is different from the time of eternity. Human cultivators have strict rules and systems.

It is no longer the era of killing people and stealing goods like the ancient times. It is an era of burning, killing and looting at will.

All kinds of rules and regulations make these violent Eternal Powerhouses in the picture a little uncomfortable.

But if they want to be free, this is the level they must go through.

So, Li Xian followed the rules of modern people and waited patiently at the intersection like everyone else. When the red light in front of him turned to green, he used the "levitation technique" to slowly fly forward.

Of course he's very fast.

It's just that the road in front of him is a speed limit section. Li Xian really can't get up fast.

As a legal citizen who is adapting to modern life, he feels that he still has a lot to learn.

So... when Li Xian arrived at the door of Jiugong's house step by step.

His ears moved. Many sounds immediately flowed into Li Xian's ears.

At this moment, One-Eyed Samurai, who works under Jiugong Xiushi, has begun secretly planning in the courtyard to attack Jiugong Liangzi in a closed-door match.

Apparently, he was just in time.

Li Xian sighed silently and put his hand on the door of Jiugong's mansion, preparing to blast the door open with the "Star Cannon".

But then I thought about what I was doing, which might seem like a violation of modern law.

Moreover, the range of the star cannon is too wide. This cannon will probably circle the earth several times. I don’t know how many people will die along the way...

So, after considering the above, Li Xian took his hand back.

Started to knock on the door politely.

"Is anyone here?" Li Xian asked politely with a smile on his face, looking like a gentleman.

Result. No one responded.

Li Xian judged that Duyan had probably controlled the entire Jiugong family before taking action.

But in the current situation, he couldn't enter on his own initiative. This was an act of breaking into a private house.

So what if... it is an act of force majeure caused by natural factors...

At this time, Li Xian raised his head and looked at the sky.

In the deep depths of the universe, a huge meteorite was inspired by Li Xian. It was falling towards the main entrance of the Jiugong family mansion...

Yes.

Li Xian plans to do it now.

Summon meteorites. Break open the door of Jiugong's mansion...