Chapter 1401 Investigating information about love rivals


The third Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube is sealed under the Jiandu Palace. Jiu You has sent heavy troops to guard it here.

Sun Rong I met Jiu You for the first time. I think he is a very capable person. He is mature and very experienced in his work.

Jiu You has long dark gray hair. It hangs casually on his shoulders and hangs down to his waist. He wears a black slim-fitting outfit. The red thunder pattern waistband perfectly sets off his thin waist and long legs.

He always had his eyes narrowed. Just like his name, people can't help but feel a sense of mystery.

Sun Rong heard from the Bai Qiao that Jiu You was not yet considered one of his own people, so on Jiu You's side, the uniform line about the new Rubik's Cube was, "This new Rubik's Cube was created by the Bai Sheath , and Sun Rong is the apprentice of the Bai Qiao."

On the way. Sun Rong talked to Jiu You very carefully to avoid letting anything slip.

"Master Jiu You!"

"Meet Mr. Bai Qiao"

When passing by the underground palace, the guards at the door fell to their knees on the spot when they saw Jiu You and Bai Qiao behind Jiu You.

Those responsible for guarding the third Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube are all sword spirits carefully selected by Jiu You.

The sword rankings are all within 50.

The leader is a girl named Xiao Qian.

This is a toothpick sword. It's only as big as a toothpick. But it hides huge psychic power!

Currently ranked sixth.

"Master Bai Qiao. This is the old Rubik's Cube."

At this time, Jiu You's eyes were pointed at the end of the underground palace corridor. The luminous object was imprisoned by several thigh-like light chains.

This Heavenly Dao light chain was also left behind when Dao Ancestor Wang arranged the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube. It is used to fix the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube.

Sun Rong took out the third new Rubik's Cube that Wang Ling pinched out.

The new Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube floated over on its own initiative after feeling the breath of the old Rubik's Cube in front of it. Then everyone heard a "pop" sound. It felt like two runners in a long-distance running competition completing a relay.

The old Rubik's Cube was directly replaced by the new Rubik's Cube. Finally it fell into the hands of Sun Rong.

"Successful!" The replacement of the third Rubik's Cube was smoother than Sun Rong imagined. Because there was no riot in the Rubik's Cube itself. There was no need to be involved in the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube secret room like last time on the Heavenly Dao planet. Li.

At this point, the new Rubik's Cube has successfully taken over.

But Jiu You also noticed the changes ahead.

He was a little confused: "Sir Bai Qiao. The Heavenly Dao light chain of Dao Ancestor Wang seems to have disappeared. Is it really okay?"

"Heh, my new Rubik's Cube is very smart. Automatically completes the replacement and is very obedient. I don't know how many times more reliable than the old Rubik's Cube." Bai Qiao hummed and laughed: "Alright, since the replacement has been completed, then Miss Sun and I will withdraw. You pay more attention to the matter of the Sword Dao Conference."

"Yes" Jiu You bowed to Bai Qiao.

About 3 minutes ago. He received a message about holding a Sword conference.

And this conference must be held within 2 days.

This undoubtedly poses a huge problem for Jiu You.

To hold an unprecedented grand conference. In addition to "Jian Shen Alloy", finding players, judges, and sponsors are all important steps.

Jiu You doesn't know if it's too late, but she can only try her best and try to complete it.

"Is it all because of Miss Sun?" At this time, Jiu You looked at Sun Rong, feeling a little sour in his heart.

A human girl in the Foundation Building stage can actually become Master Bai Qiao as her master. What a blessing!

Sun Rong returned home. He looked at the time.

Since the replacement and recycling process went smoothly, it only took less than three hours to get back this time.

There is still 1 hour until midnight the next day.

For Sun Rong, there are only two top priorities right now.

The first thing is to meet the girl named Jiang Yingying.

The second thing is the Sword Conference in the Sword King Realm.

Today, Aohai has successfully reached three cores. However, its ranking on the sword list remains unchanged.

The top few spirit swords are really frighteningly powerful.

But I have three-core Aohai in hand.

As long as there is no too strong opponent. Sun Rong feels that he still has a chance to win the piece of Jian Shen alloy! However, these are things for another day.

We will have to wait until the Sword Conference in two days to find out.

So now, the only important thing before the girl is

"What are you going to do?" Er Ha asked.

It came back with Sun Rong. And it did not choose to go directly to the Wang family's villa. Because the drama in front of it was so exciting, Er Ha was reluctant to leave. He only wanted to stay and watch the subsequent development of the incident.

"You still have to understand the other person's nature first." The girl stared at the love letter in her hand and fell into thought.

Although the real name, address and mobile phone number are left on it, it is definitely not a wise choice to act rashly.

Sun Rong turned on the computer. Logged into the backend of the group platform. Tried to enable the "Wukong System."

Seeing Sun Rong look serious. Sun Ying'er was also very enthusiastic: "What is Rongrong going to do?"

"Let me see if this girl has left any purchase records with her mobile phone number." Sun Rong replied.

"Why do I feel like you're looking for evidence of cheating?"

As a qualified expert in stepping on thunder, Sun Ying'er almost made Sun Rong choke on his saliva when he heard what he said.

"Ying'er. You're talking nonsense again."Sun Rong's face felt a little hot. But he still pretended to be calm and stared at the computer to search for relevant information.

As a result of this search, I found some clues!

"It really does." Sun Rong looked at the customer consumption records recorded on the platform in surprise: "cake, donuts, milk tea, brown sugar"

Er Ha was surprised when he heard this: "Isn't your family selling elixirs?"

"Grandpa has a lot of side businesses. They are all trivial small businesses." Sun Rong replied calmly: "Basically, Grandpa is involved in every industry you can think of. Our family also has investments in dog food. of."

"Er Ha."

"This girl likes sweets very much. Generally, girls who like sweets shouldn't be too difficult to deal with." Sun Rong touched his chin and analyzed.

She combined it with the address provided in the love letter. Then she discovered that the delivery address for Jiang Yingying's purchases was not the same as the one written in the love letter.

"Number 232, Northwest Road." Sun Rong said: "This is the delivery address found on the computer. And her latest purchase record was the day before yesterday. It is not the same address as the one left in the love letter."

"Northwest Road?"

Er Ha chewed the address carefully. It felt a bit familiar.

Soon, it stood up and put its head close to the dog's head: "So this is it!"

"Do you know this place?" Sun Rong asked.

"This is the cadre apartment where Wei Zhi lives!"

Er Ha said: "Besides, Marshal Jiang also lives there, so could this girl be Marshal Jiang's granddaughter or something?"

"The granddaughter of the Tenth General?"Sun Rong smiled slightly.

If that's really the case.

That's really an interesting opponent.





Chapter 1402 It turns out that being beaten is also foreshadowing!


Is she the granddaughter of Marshal Jiang? Judging from the current situation, it seems hard to say.

There are many people with the same surname in this world, so the possibility of accidents cannot be ruled out.

But for the name Jiang Yingying, Er Ha felt it was very familiar before, and now combined with the exact address of Northwest Road, he almost had a conclusion in his mind.

Even if Jiang Yingying is not Marshal Jiang's biological granddaughter, it is definitely related.

There was a time when he lived in Wei Zhi's house and played two-team games with Wei Zhi. Marshal Jiang often went upstairs to visit. The relationship between the old marshal and Wei Zhi had always been very good. And it was during this visit that Er Ha seemed to hear the two of them I mentioned this name.

In short, whether it has anything to do with the old marshal or not.

Sun Rong feels that he still needs to know why Jiang Yingying has a crush on Wang Ling.

All emotions cannot arise for no reason. She read the love letter in her hand several times. Jiang Yingying did not directly explain how she met Wang Ling.

This is obviously a girl from a foreign school

Could it be that she was a fan girl attracted by her classmate Wang Ling at the exchange meeting between Number 60 High School and other schools?

For a time. Sun Rong had many answers in his mind.

"Why don't you just add WeChat and ask?" Er Ha said with a smile. Like everyone else, he is the type who just watches the fun and doesn't take it too seriously.

"Girls generally don't add strangers' WeChat messages easily. So you have to get familiar with her first, and then find a way to get close to her." Sun Rong replied.

The girl looked at the mobile phone number on the love letter. After confirming that the mobile phone number could be added directly to Jiang Yingying's WeChat, she decided to endure it for the time being. She suppressed her urge to add a friend to find out.

The more times like this, the more she has to calm down

There is a saying that mistakes are made while busy. Now that you have only one opponent, you can't mess up your position.

Anyway, as long as it's a matter within campus circles, it's easy to handle.

While waiting for school tomorrow. Sun Rong decided to activate his interpersonal relationships in the student union.

In this way, more information about Jiang Yingying can be obtained.

"Let's stop the investigation here today. I'll send a text message to Sister Qingyi and take a rest." Sun Rong stretched.

"What text message did you send Liu Qingyi?" Er Ha was stunned.

Sun Rong first turned his attention to the pile of remaining love letters. Then he showed an extremely kind smile: "Of course. Let me tell you about Brother Wang Zhen!"

"Er Ha: ..."

In the past two days, Wang Zhen and Liu Qingyi are planning to rent a house. Choosing the type of house, redecorating and purchasing furniture. These are all tasks.

At this time, they were settling in a high-end love hotel.

The hotel's facilities are all available. The luxurious suites are equipped with shelves for drinks and fruits of various seasons, beauty instruments, a full set of intelligent health massage equipment and even a built-in swimming pool.

The young couple had just confirmed their relationship. It was a time when they were inseparable.

And Wang Zhen worked very hard. He was almost at the front and did all the dirty work.

Liu Qingyi is wearing a swimsuit. She is applying facial mask on the lounge chair.

The originally relaxed mood was broken by a sudden text message.

This message comes from Wang Ling.

The content of the text message was simple. It was a photo of a pile of love letters piled on the ground.

And a very short sentence: Wang Zhen shows mercy everywhere.

The camera function of King's Eyes captures photos with crystal clear clarity.

It also comes with 360-degree all-round analysis capabilities without blind spots.

In other words, as long as Liu Qingyi clicks on any letter on this photo, he can see the content of the letter.

The analytical ability of King's Eyes is so strong. Even photos in blind spots can be fully analyzed.

Even the erased parts of the letter have been restored.

For example, the word "true" in "Classmate Wang Zhen." Previously, the word "true" was erased by Wang Zhen. Now after going through King's Eyes, it has been restored again.

Liu Qingyi clicked on some of the letters.

Everyone is feeling bad

The mask on his face fell to the ground with a splat.

"Do you want to have a bedtime meeting?" Wang Zhen came over on his own initiative. He squatted down and put his arms around Liu Qingyi's neck from behind.

However, this time around, he suddenly felt that something was wrong with the current atmosphere.

No! What the hell is going on here?

He didn't seem to have done anything wrong today.

bite!

At this time, Liu Qingyi received a second text message.

This is from Sun Rong

It perfectly matches the content of the text message Wang Ling sent before.

"These love letters. Aren't you going to explain them to me?" Liu Qingyi took a deep breath. Her body was already shaking wildly, but she still tried to stay calm."

Wang Zhen felt as if there was a word "danger" hanging over his head at this moment.

He tried to quibble: "The names written on this love letter are all classmates. Wang may be writing it to Ling Zhenren."

"You still want to frame Ling Zhenren for this little trick?"

Liu Qingyi smiled. She clicked on the photo that had been fully analyzed by King's Eyes. Wang Zhen was immediately dumbfounded.

At the same time, Wang Zhen was roaring in his heart.

Damn! Is it necessary?

Just some love letters!

Even the ability of King's Eyes is used

Wang Zhen cried.

The key is that he is not the real instigator!

This idea was obviously proposed by this guy Fang Xing!

Why should he bear the blame alone?

"First of all, it is impossible for Ling Zhenren to tell lies. Secondly, my disciple's text message also verified Ling Zhenren's statement. What the hell are you doing?" Liu Qingyi looked at Wang Zhen and snorted: "You want to Destroy the love letters. So you don't stop doing the same thing and blame it all on Ling Zhenren? You are so brave, Wang Zhen!"

"These love letters were actually written by others before we established a relationship. I'm too popular. You can't blame me for that," Wang Zhen whispered. He felt very wronged.

At the same time, he felt that he had no excuse. He was afraid that even if he jumped into the Yellow River, he would not be able to clean himself.

"I can't explain this clearly, but I admit it! You can punish him however you want," Wang Zhen sighed.

As he said this, he took the initiative and walked to the fruit stand and took out a durian.

"Yo? Are you trying to get me here? Don't think I'll feel sorry for you! Kneel down if you can."

Liu Qingyi raised her hand and used a metal hardening technique to directly turn the durian in Wang Zhen's hand into an iron durian. The hardness increased several levels.

However, when Wang Zhen faced such changes, he did not show the slightest emotion on his face.

He knelt down directly in front of the durian.

With a "pop" sound, the entire iron durian was immediately torn apart and Wang Zhen's knees were completely unaffected!

"Why are you so skilled!" Liu Qingyi was stunned.

"Didn't I often get beaten by my parents when I was little? Durian made of diamonds. I also knelt down."

Wang Zhen just finished speaking.

At this time, Lord Ma's teleportation golden light accurately landed on the edge of the swimming pool.

A Heavenly Dao durian that had been inspired by Wang Ling appeared in front of Liu Qingyi and Wang Zhen.

(There is actually an easter egg in this chapter. Combine it with the setting that Lord Ma's teleportation golden light can only teleport the places you have been. You will find something that is terrifying to think about)





Chapter 1403: Spiritual Sword Worthy of Wang Nuan


After giving away the Heavenly Dao durian, Wang Ling felt a lot better.

Whether Wang Zhen's knee is broken or not, it has nothing to do with him... This is the so-called tit-for-tat. Sooner or later, you will have to pay back the money.

On the other hand. Sun Rong wants to find a spiritual sword for Ah Nuan.

Wang Ling has also learned something about it through his superb and familiar screen-peeping technology.

In fact, it can be said that he and Sun Rong have the same ideas.

Giving a sword when you are born is a long-standing tradition of the Wang family.

Even if Sun Rong doesn't make preparations. Wang Ling will still find a way to get a handy spiritual sword for his sister.

The requirements for the Spirit Sword Wang Ling are not very high either.

On the one hand, you must be well-behaved and obedient. Be able to obey your sister's wishes.

The second thing is to be flexible.

This is an additional condition based on the first point.

The main meaning is that I hope not to be blindly loyal.

If Ah Nuan does something wrong, he must stop it in time.

So. In summary, the requirements of Wang Ling are actually very simple.

As long as this sword can accompany my sister to grow up, it can help Ah Nuan with her homework when she encounters difficulties in her studies, give her a massage to relieve stress when Ah Nuan is tired, and be the first to respond when Ah Nuan is bullied. Come out to protect, when Ah Nuan needs someone to accompany him to play games, he can practice and fly...

The above conditions. Wang Ling are all neatly listed in the notebook.

In his opinion, a spirit sword worthy of his sister is the minimum!

"Sword Master. Apart from my strong combat power, I think there is nothing else..." Jingke stared at the conditions listed from beginning to end in his notebook. He suddenly felt that he was somewhat useless.

Wang Ling rubbed Jingke's White Hair again to show comfort.

For Wang Ling, Jingke's companionship from childhood to adulthood is destined to be an inseparable part of his memory.

And his attitude towards Jingke is like an "old father?"

As long as Jingke can stay with him for his retirement...

As for learning, gaming and combat power, he is already strong enough. So Jingke only needs to act cute on the side.

Jingke sighed.

He said he was looking for a spiritual sword. But he felt like he was looking for a confinement nanny...

It's really hard to be a spiritual sword these days.

You don't just have to be strong. You have to be able to develop morally, intellectually, physically, socially and aesthetically.

You can go to the hall, you can go to the kitchen, and most importantly, you have to learn how to do functions...

And in a sense, functions are also a compulsory course for modern spirit swords. For example, when the spirit sword strikes at a long distance, you have to calculate the parabola accurately!

Sun Rong is looking for a spiritual sword for Wang Nuan. In fact, he is also doing a job for himself. And girls may have more delicate ideas than me.

Wang Ling thought it would be better to just go with the flow and take advantage of this temporary Sword Conference to find a spiritual sword.

"Jian Shen Alloy. This thing isn't really valuable to you, is it?"

At this time, Er Ha's voice appeared behind Wang Ling. Lord Ma had already sent it back.

Running back and forth between the two villas. Er Ha felt that it was not easy...

"The competition over there is a temporary one. Bai Qiao said Jian Shen Alloy. The inventory of Sword King Realm is zero... I'm afraid it's too late to start mining and refining again. So I wanted to ask you if there is anything you can do." Er Ha said. Now it is just an errand boy.

In the treasure house of Wang Ling. There is actually Jian Shen alloy.

This is one of the rarest metals in the universe. The quantity in the entire Sword King Realm is very limited. Because it is extremely difficult to refine, the quantity is rare.

And because it is rare, it is precious.

A piece of alloy the size of a dice is enough to strengthen and upgrade the spirit sword.

And it is such a rare Jian Shen alloy. There is a piece as big as a hill in the "King's Pants" of Wang Ling... and it is 100% pure. There is not a trace of impurities in it.

Wang Ling used {Large Cutting Technique} to cut a piece as big as a basketball.

Then it was handed over to Er Ha. "..." Er Ha was shocked.

This dice-sized alloy is enough to complete an enhancement upgrade.

Just give me a piece as big as a basketball... those spirit swords would be enough to break them into pieces and remake them!

...

So when Bai Qiao and Er Ha brought the basketball-sized Jian Shen alloy to see Jiu You again, Jiu You was confused: "Is this... such a big lump?"

What about the rarest metal in the universe...

Why is there such a big lump here? And it's extremely pure!

Jiu You stretched out his hand and felt the purity of the Jian Shen alloy. His whole body felt as if he was struck by lightning again: "100% purity... Where did Mr. Bai Qiao get this thing?"

His voice was trembling.

Even as the current custodian of the Sword King Realm, Jiu You can't hide his inner excitement.

"Can I participate in this Sword Conference..." Jiu You felt itchy in his heart. With such a large piece of Jian Shen alloy as a reward, I am afraid that the entire Sword King Realm will riot next. Countless spiritual swords will fight for this piece of Jian. Shen Alloy grabs the head!

"This is my exclusive collection. Of course you don't know. And such an alloy is of no use to me." Bai Qiao shrugged.

Both she and Jingke are made of peach wood. Re-integrating metal elements into the body is a burden for them.

And Jiu You also discovered something very magical.

He found that the top spiritual swords seemed not to be made of metal.

Jingke and Bai Qiao are peach trees.

Presumably it's bamboo.

And the third Yu Ling. is an amber sword.

None of the top three swords were made of metal. Jiu You immediately felt that he had been born in the wrong person.

"Just pay more attention to this competition. You will have extra rewards after the event is completed. Jian Shen Alloy. I still have it there."

Bai Qiao glanced at Jiu You and said: "As for Carter, Wu Jin, and Lao Man, they should be busy preparing for the event now. So it's up to you to inform them. Work hard. All rewards will be given. Indispensable."

This actually also means Wang Ling.

Otherwise Bai Qiao would not dare to make the decision privately.

When people are asked to work overtime temporarily, they should always be given benefits.

There is a saying: as long as you give enough overtime pay, it doesn't matter if you are a cow or a horse...

With such a reward, Wang Ling believes that this Sword Conference will go smoothly.

"Don't worry, Lord Bai Qiao! We will definitely do our best!" Jiu You bowed deeply to Bai Qiao.

He himself has become more confident in the preparations for this event.

No wonder. The charm of Jian Shen alloy is really too great.

Humans suck cats. Sword Spirits suck iron!

Anyone who is a sword spirit can't help but hold up the Jian Shen alloy and take a sip!

"It smells so good!" Jiu You held the piece of Jian Shen alloy the size of a basketball with an intoxicated expression.

"Is that an exaggeration?" Er Ha was puzzled.

"Give me an example."

Bai Qiao sent a message to Er Ha: "The Lord also had this expression when he smelled the peppery noodles of dry noodles."

Er Ha: "I understand..."





Chapter 1404 Sword Spirit Audition


With the reward promised by Bai Qiao, Jiu You is naturally full of motivation. Although this Sword conference is a temporary initiative, it must not be made to look like it is temporary. The pomp must be big enough. Only in this way can it bring joy to the human girl. A real sense of experience.

Secondly, the participating sword spirits should not be too strong.

Spirit swords that are at least ranked before Aohai cannot participate.

These spirit swords will be directly assigned to the judges' order.

In a quiet room in the Sword King Kaiwang Palace, Jiu You started a meeting with Carter, Wu Jin, and Lao Man.

"Although time is tight, I think it is still necessary to make a selection to improve the overall quality of our contestants this time."

Jiu You was hunched over his desk. His hands never stopped during the whole process. He kept taking minutes of the meeting on his notebook: "This competition is actually a good opportunity. Because the ranking data of the sword ranking is automatically generated by the sword ranking. Ranking It also changes in real time based on the status of the spirit sword. So there are actually many sword spirits who have doubts about the ranking of the sword list."

"What Master Jiu You means is that by taking this opportunity, on the one hand, Miss Sun will be determined to win. On the other hand, it can also allow all the sword spirits to verify the authenticity of the sword list?" Lao Man said, stroking his beard.

"Although what you said, Lao Man, is correct. But you have to remember... you can never be so frank outside." Jiu You smiled bitterly.

This Sword Conference is indeed held specifically for Sun Rong. And no surprise. Sun Rong is the default candidate for the championship.

How could this girl be Master Bai Qiao's disciple?

However, this matter can only be understood but not spoken... strict confidentiality must be maintained.

This is the routine of the so-called variety show. It is not uncommon for the winner to be determined by default.

If the power of capital wants to make an artist famous, in addition to providing enough topic resources, it is also the minimum to provide a championship package.

"The current ranking of the sword list only counts the unknown sword spirits before the 100,000th place. I don't think there is a need to participate in the competition." Jiu You said: "But the number of famous sword spirits on the list is still too many. Our ideal format for this competition is 1,000 sword spirits. Therefore, we still have to go through auditions."

"What do you think, Lord Jiu You?"

"In order to ensure that the Sword Spirits in each stage can participate. My current idea is to divide the Sword Spirits into 5 small ancestors: Bronze, Silver, Gold, Diamond and King. Then each group will decide 200 winners." Jiu You said.

The other people immediately understood what Jiu You meant. Among the famous sword spirits on the 100,000 list.

According to this division, among the 100,000 sword spirits, the number 1 and 19,999 are the king group.

Diamond Group Number 20000 to Number 39999...

By analogy, the 100,000 sword spirits will be divided into groups. Then each group will go through a certain selection mode to select 200 winners.

In this way, we can ensure that there are sword spirits selected at all levels, and they are all sword spirits with high overall quality.

Of course. This is how the groups are divided.

It is the sword spirit's own choice to participate or not. If you do not register, it will be deemed as an automatic forfeit.

So actually, when it comes to the audition stage, each group may not reach 20,000 people.

For example, the champion group will lose many strong competitors.

After all, everyone ranked in front of Aohai is going to be a judge...

So now it is just an assumption. If every group is full, how to conduct grouping and audition.

"What about the audition? What will Miss Sun do?"

"Miss Sun doesn't need to participate in the audition. There are so many people anyway, so we can't see her. Just advance directly when the time comes."

"Eh... The last thing is... 200 people will be decided in each group? This is a good idea. But I still think it is unfair? The lowest ranking in the king group can also win the bronze, right?" Wu Jin asked.

"My idea is that it would be better to pre-determine a few more champions. After the 200 sword spirits in each group are divided, the 200 sword spirits will then fight in a melee until the top spot is determined. And the top spot in each group.

There are rewards." Jiu Tao Novel Jiu You thought very thoughtfully: "This can also avoid some gossip. However, the reward for the first place in the group is not the Jian Shen alloy. It is an opportunity to protect the sword in the palace."

"The king's palace... Great Protection Sword..." The corners of the mouths of Wu Jin and Lao Man twitched.

"It's just a full-body conditioning for the sword body. Xiao Qian and I will apply the lubricant!"

"So perverted..." Even Carter couldn't bear it anymore.

"Hey. You guys underestimated the allure of the Imperial Palace Sword project. Just this project. I don't know how many sword spirits would have to fight for their scalps." Jiu You sighed. He gestured with his hand to apply lubricant. Looks like. It does look very professional.

According to Jiu You's current thinking.

After the first place in the five groups is born, each top place will get a chance to win the Royal Palace Sword. This is the basic reward.

And the real grand prize, which is "Jian Shen Alloy", will be born after the melee of the top five groups.

No surprise. This alloy will definitely be captured by Sun Rong and Aohai.

But now. The problem before everyone is.

What selection model should be used? Reduce the number of people in each group from 20,000 and audition to 200 people.

First of all, a melee competition is definitely unrealistic.

When there are too many sword spirits, it is difficult to control the field.

At that time, each of the 20,000 sword spirits turned into a sword light and flew around in the sky. It was like setting off fireworks... I was dizzy just looking at it!

"Should we link up with the Sword Ranking to launch a special voting area and let the Sword Spirits perform their talents? Let all Sword Spirits openly vote. And the famous Sword Spirits on the Sword Ranking can vote twice!" Wu Jin suggested.

This proposal was directly rejected by Jiu You: "We are not {Idol Sword Apprentices}. What is a sword spirit doing to perform talents? Moreover, the open voting mechanism is not conducive to Miss Sun."

"Yes..." Wu Jin nodded.

Carter originally wanted to raise her hand to propose. She had an idea for {Creation 202}. But after seeing Wu Jin being rejected, she silently put down her hand.

"It seems that everyone seems to be gloomy. So now, there is only one way left..."

Jiu You stopped taking notes and rested his chin on his fingers.

In fact, this method is very old. But it is indeed very applicable in such situations.

"The method you mentioned can't be..." Wu Jin already knew it when he saw Jiu You's slightly old-school movements.

"It seems that this is the only way. It is the least messy and the fairest way." Lao Man also thought of it.

"So what is the solution?" Carter was still puzzled.

"Carter. Your reaction is too slow."

Jiu You smiled deeply. Then he ordered Xiao Qian outside the door: "Go and make an announcement to the whole world. Let the sword spirits who are interested in participating in the competition gather at Jian Shen Square."

Jian Shen Plaza...

It was only then that Carter finally came to his senses.

It turns out that this ancient method is to use the ancient sword monument in Jian Shen Square to test the combat power data of sword energy!

"It seems you finally thought of it. Carter."

Lao Man snorted and smiled: "The sword spirits of the older generation have all done the sword tablet test. I think back then, when I struck down with my sword, I had the ninth level of sword power!"





Chapter 1405 Amber Sword・Yu Ling


Because of the Sword Conference, all sword spirits in the Sword King Realm were mobilized.

This is a grand event that only happens once in a century. And the most important thing is that the reward is still such a big lump of "Jian Shen Alloy!"

This made all the sword spirits eager to get ready. The most important thing is to participate. It will definitely not be a loss to participate.

And in this regard, Jiu You's reward mechanism is actually pretty good.

The final grand prize is "Jian Shen Alloy." The first place winner in each group has a chance to "King Palace Sword." And all the audition finalists will get an extra piece of low-purity Jian Shen small alloy.

This is a very small piece that Jiu You cut off from the large piece of Jian Shen alloy. After being cut by a thousand people, each piece was finally only the size of a BB bullet. And the purity was also concentrated to 5%.

A concentration of 5% means that when fused, the success rate is approximately 5%.

Therefore, the low-purity Jian Shen alloy is also nicknamed the "European Emperor's Stone" by many sword spirits. For the European Emperor, even if the success rate is only 5%, it is no different from 100%.

Therefore, even such a small piece of low-purity alloy is enough to make the sword spirits fight for their heads.

That evening, there was a long queue in front of Jian Shen Square. Countless sword spirits rushed here as soon as they received the notice.

Carter and Xiao Qian are responsible for on-site supervision and statistical work.

Lao Man and Wu Jin are responsible for maintaining order at the scene.

In addition to controlling the field, the two men will also participate in this group stage. It is not to compete with Sun Rong for the ranking, but to ensure that Sun Rong can advance.

They will have 200 people in the melee stage. Eliminate as many people as possible. Finally, they will lose to Sun Rong. They will directly recommend the girl to the first place in the group.

That's right. This game is so "social" and "dark" (funny).

Anyway, their ranking is below Aohai. Even if they are eliminated, it is not unreasonable.

As for Jiu You.

He went to find the remaining competition judges.

It is known that Bai Qiao, Jingke, and Yu are not participating in the judging panel. Currently, the confirmed judging positions are as follows.

Ranked fifth: Himself (Jiu You)

Ranked 6th: Xiao Qian (Toothpick Sword)

However, it is not enough for the two of them to serve as judges.

So Jiu You's job now is to pull up Yu Ling, who is ranked third, and Mo Yu, who is ranked fourth.

These two girls, Jiu You, both know their whereabouts.

Originally, Jiu You planned to find Sui Feng, who was ranked seventh.

But it's a pity. Suifeng is just like his name. He drifts in the wind... and he never knows where he is.

1(Translates to "At the slightest breeze.") Suifeng is a feather sword. It is covered with feathers. It looks light and airy. When it is waved, it can emit burning phoenix fire.

But Phoenix Fire has the ability to heal. So it also has a powerful healing effect. Even damaged organs can be repaired by the burning of Phoenix Fire.

It can bring a feeling of "pain and happiness" to the healed object...

...

Sword King Realm. In the Jian Shen Forest. In front of a huge 10,000-meter waterfall.

A girl with a bun is sitting quietly under the waterfall. She is wearing a pink cheongsam with high slits on the side. A pair of white and slender legs are sitting cross-legged.

There is a layer of pale pink invisible sword barrier surrounding the girl. A waterfall pours down from above her head. It falls on the sword barrier and is divided by the sword energy. The water bounces and splashes around continuously.

This is the Bone Burial Waterfall in the Jian Shen Forest. It is a good place for cultivation. But ordinary sword spirits dare not approach it.

Just like the name of the waterfall. If the sword energy is not strong enough to support it, it may be crushed on the spot by the huge water pressure of the waterfall.

"Yu Ling. I knew you were here." Jiu You stood on the ripples of the lake in front of the waterfall. His voice reached the girl's eyes through the roar of the waterfall hanging upside down.

Yu Ling opened her eyes and revealed her jewel-like pink lips: "The Sword Conference was your idea?"

"It seems that you are very well informed." Jiu You put his hands behind his back and said with a smile.

"Mo Yu was originally with me."

After hearing that, she went immediately. "She was more enthusiastic than I thought." Wu Jiu Literature

"Ha. It's obviously a jade sword. It's not gentle at all. It's frivolous." Yu Ling lowered his eyes slightly: "But the matter of judging is not suitable for me. You have found the wrong person. Isn't there Sui Feng?" ?"

"I don't know where he is." Jiu You shook his head.

In fact, if you insist on looking for it, you can always find it.

But time is running out now. There is not much time until the Sword Conference starts.

It's too late to go find Sui Feng now.

"It seems that he is still sensing his sword master." Yu Ling raised his head and looked at the starry sky in the distance.

Finding a suitable sword master is actually the long-cherished wish of every sword spirit. In fact, the top 50 sword spirits on the sword list all have the ability to travel through the sword storm alone.

They could have gone out a long time ago. But because they couldn't find a suitable master, they would stay in the Sword King Realm and wait for the opportunity.

Just like a counselor living in seclusion in the mountains.

"It may not be easy for Suifeng to find his sword master." Jiu You smiled bitterly.

"His phoenix fire has a healing effect. The burned person is in pain and happiness. Even if the sword master can be found in the end, he will be trembling." Yu Ling said.

"Maybe."

Jiu You smiled. He continued the previous topic: "Are you sure you are not a judge? Among the contestants this time, the human girl is a disciple of Master Bai Qiao. And Master Bai Qiao will not participate in the selection in order to avoid suspicion. And. She named you to be the judge."

In fact, Bai Qiao did not say such a thing.

It just gives Jiu You the right to "act cheaply."

As long as this Sword competition can go smoothly, Jiu You can use Bai Qiao's name at will and use Bai Qiao's name to do things.

At this time, Yu Ling finally raised his head. His originally serious face showed an expression of surprise, as if he had been fed a candy: "Really, she asked me to go?"

"Yes." Jiu You nodded affirmatively.

As Bai Qiao's number one hidden fan, Jiu You expected that Yu Ling would be very surprised when he heard the news.

But he didn't expect that the girl seemed to be more excited than he imagined.

"What about Mr. Jingke..." Yu Ling asked. His voice was as pleasant as spring water.

"Master Jingke is not coming back, but Master Bai Qiao said that they will quietly watch the battle from a distance," Jiu You said.

"Okay! I'll be the judge!" Yu Ling agreed immediately.

Jiu You looked proud.

Today's girl is so easy to fool...

However, the names of Mr. Bai Qiao and Mr. Jingke are indeed useful.

...

At the same time, on the other side of Jian Shen Square, the interview with Jian Bei continued.

"Sword Spirit Kuxuan. The fourth level of sword power. Total value: 404. Unqualified."

Carter lowered his head and took notes: "Next one!"

When he raised his head again, a boy with a shaved head suddenly appeared in front of Carter.

The boy showed a bit of childishness. He was only slightly taller than the registration table. He was wearing a suit of rattan armor. He looked at Carter expressionlessly: "My name is Leng Ming."

"Where did the little sword spirit come from?" Xiao Qian frowned.

This was like a sword spirit that had just been born. She stared at the little boy in front of her. She felt that his spiritual energy was pitifully low.

"It's actually a sword made of grass." Carter saw through the little sword spirit's true face.

She carefully read the information on the sword list.

As a result, I was surprised to find that the little sword spirit named "Leng Ming" in front of me happened to be stuck at the last place on the sword list, at position 20,000.

"What to do now?" Xiao Qian asked.

"Let him give it a try. His name is on the sword list. Although he is young, he can still compete." Carter said.





Chapter 1406 1 piece of grass


"Thank you." Leng Ming replied politely.

He had a smile on his face. But he seemed nervous.

"Don't be nervous. Behave well. Just wait behind the yellow-haired brother in front." Xiao Qian said softly while taking notes. Then she gave the number plate to Leng Ming.

Carter and Xiao Qian are both very patient. After all, they are newborn sword spirits. As seniors, they always have to take more care of them.

And the key thing is that the child in front of me looks lovely. He is a cute little guy.

Although they were not optimistic about Leng Ming's final test results, Leng Ming entered the sword list not long after he was born. Leng Ming is definitely someone worth looking forward to in the future.

Transformed by a piece of grass?

A bit interesting...

Carter and Xiao Qian both waited for Leng Ming to appear with expectant looks.

At the same time, Carter was also thinking about it.

Transformed into a piece of grass... what kind of grass is it? It can be awakened in this form. Could it be that it was accidentally peed on by Ling Zhenren?

At this time, in Jian Shen Square, many sword spirits were talking about Leng Ming's appearance.

They originally thought this was the child of some great Sword Spirit family. But they didn't expect that this child was independently conceived by the Sword King Realm. And he even came to sign up.

"I was ranked at the bottom of the sword list when I was born. I'm lucky. I don't know how much combat power I can produce."

"The sword monument was erected by Dao Ancestor Wang himself. It can test a person's combat power, talent and potential from all aspects. Therefore, the combat power in the comprehensive score is only counted as part of it. The ranking of the sword list is also based on combat power. Ranking. Relatively speaking, the comprehensive evaluation of the sword monument will be more objective."

A sword spirit looked at the huge sword monument in front of him and said.

This sword monument is a thousand feet high, but the whole thing is broken.

And such a break has only happened once in the history of Jian Bang.

That was when Jingke was first born.

As soon as Jingke was born, he cut off half of the sword stele with a sword. A large piece of the originally two thousand-foot sword stele was cut off alive and divided by the sword energy. It turned into powder on the spot.

Back then, Jingke was invincible. He was number one in terms of combat power, talent and potential.

It shocked the entire sword king world.

But a miracle like that probably won't happen again.

The sword list is ranked based on combat power. Leng Ming's combat power value will not be too high. This is already a certainty.

The miracle of the broken sword tablet will never happen again.

So the key now is how his talent and potential are.

At this moment, everyone in the square is watching.

There is a sword monument standing in front of you. All kinds of sword spirits are watching around. Some are queuing up, and some are coming over to watch the excitement after hearing the news.

Most sword spirits are in human form, with different body shapes. There are also animal-shaped sword spirits.

After Leng Ming got the number, he confirmed that he was behind a yellow-haired young man. The young man glanced at Leng Ming with disdain: "Little Sword Spirit, let's see my brother perform for you!"

As he spoke, he walked towards the sword monument. His whole body was emitting electric light. The powerful sword energy was released from his body!

"I remember him! His name! Dian Ming! Dian Ming of One Hundred Thousand Volts!"

"So it's him...I remember him!"

Many sword spirits began to whisper and discuss among themselves.

The moment they saw the lightning burst out, they realized that the yellow-haired man was "Dian Ming." The young man's lightning was his true identity!

Today, Dian Ming ranks 286th in the combat power rankings! He is one of the masters in the King Group!

He has the habit of reading. In the world of sword kings, there are also many small sword spirits who sell their words to earn royalties in order to upgrade their swords, and then buy upgrading materials.

In order to push for updates, Dian Ming often goes up to shock those unscrupulous delayers, interrupting the authors...

Hence it has such a frightening reputation.

Dian Ming was very confident in his test results. He unleashed his sword energy and slashed forward!

Boom! Just for a moment. Golden lightning flashed everywhere. The sound of lightning and thunder boomed.

The surging sword energy rushed forward and turned into a thunder tiger that rushed towards the sword monument! Then, a whole thunder tiger transformed from the lightning sword energy merged into the sword monument. It quickly disappeared into it and disappeared.

Dian Ming is very confident in this attack of his. It has exhausted all his efforts. He believes that the result will not be too bad. At least there will be no problem in being selected 200 out of the 20,000 people in the king group.

As long as his comprehensive score is ranked higher, it will be stable.

"How's it going, little brother? How about that move that brother just made?" Dian Ming finished the test and glanced at Leng Ming beside him. He showed a proud smile.

And soon. A string of ancient characters appeared on the sword tablet.

Carter glanced at it and registered while reporting the results: "Dian Ming. Sword Qi 216. Total value: 21600. Passed. Current ranking in the King Group: 162nd."

This result can be said to be not unexpected.

With Dian Ming's level, the probability of being selected is extremely high. After all, the evaluation of the sword monument does not just rely solely on combat power data.

However, Dian Ming is still a little dissatisfied with the current ranking. Baidu Novel

He thought he could rank at least 120th.

But now it seems... This Sword Tablet is a little bit behind. Because there are many other King's Group Sword Spirits who have not participated in the test. If he meets the masters later on. He'll definitely lose.

However, even so, in Dian Ming's opinion, at least he is not considered a jerk in the eyes of others.

Especially in front of this little sword spirit...

"Little brother, it's your turn."

Dian Ming glanced at Leng Ming, who was stunned beside him, and then stood aside.

Leng Ming stepped forward. He faced the sword monument. His face was red from holding back the sword. Finally, he punched it with his small fist.

The sword monument showed no response...

The whole audience roared with laughter.

"Little brother, you are useless! You have to do the same as the elder brother before and use your own sword energy to slash at the sword monument!" A kind person reminded me.

Carter held her forehead and patiently stepped forward. She pressed the lower part of Leng Ming's navel and said, "You have to get lucky from here. You know? When the sword energy comes up, release it from your fingers."

"good..."

Leng Ming's face was red. He was anxious and shy. He didn't expect that he would make a fool of himself as soon as he appeared on the stage.

He calmed down, and then followed Carter's instructions. Finally, a fluorescent green sword energy like a small flame was born in his palm...

"Is this sword energy... really capable of fighting?" Many people stared at the scene in front of them, dumbfounded.

Such a weak sword spirit. Maybe it can only be used to light a cigarette?

Sure enough, in terms of combat power alone, Leng Ming still can't do it.

At this time, the boy carefully protected the small amount of sword energy he had nurtured.

The trace of fluorescent green sword energy had just touched the sword monument, and instantly disappeared into it.

Sword Monument. Still no trouble.

"..."

Many people were originally looking forward to Leng Ming's performance. However, it seems that Leng Ming is a bit disappointing now.

"As expected, it still doesn't work?"

"Hey. What can the newly born little sword spirit do? It's just good luck to be at the bottom of the sword list."

However, just a few seconds after these people finished speaking.

The entire sword monument actually began to tremble violently!

In an instant, a golden light burst out from the sword monument. It was so bright that it resonated with the entire Sword King Realm. The sword energy that was originally like a spark of fire formed a sword pressure like a prairie fire at this moment, covering the entire Jian Shen Square. submerged.

Such a vision shocked the whole audience...

"What happened?"

Almost all the sword spirits in the Sword King Realm, regardless of whether they were in Jian Shen Square or not, raised their heads and looked up at the sky, sensing the power conveyed by the sword monument.

When the sword spirits in Jian Shen Square saw the values displayed on the sword tablet, they all showed shocked expressions.

"Oh my god! A hundred thousand values!"

"First place in the bronze category!"

"It's not just the Bronze Group! With this kind of value, it's also invincible in the King Group!"

...

"Very good. Yes."

At this time on earth, in the Wang family's villa, Jingke felt the strong fluctuations coming from Jian Shen Square.

It's a good seedling.

Wang Ling nodded.

He felt it too.

There are now many sword spirits gathered in Jian Shen Square. It has aroused the curiosity of Wang Ling a long time ago.

So he familiarly started the "God's Perspective" work of peeping.

"Anyway. How much did you hit back then?" At this moment. Er Ha looked at Jingke curiously.

"Not much."

Jingke shook his head. Modestly, he said, "Only. One billion points."

"One billion... And you broke the sword tablet?" Er Ha's mouth twitched.

"Just. Just a stroke."

Jingke said: "I didn't expect it to be so big."

Er Ha: "..."





Chapter 1407 The light of grass


"It's really good."

Wang Ling stared at the unprecedented grand scene of the Sword King Realm. He couldn't help but murmured.

It's hard to imagine that this man would actually speak for a newly born little sword spirit.

"So. The sword master wants to give him to Ah Nuan?" Jingke asked.

To tell the truth. It's not that Wang Ling doesn't have this idea.

Little Sword Spirit is a potential stock. If he is properly cultivated, he will definitely be a talent that can be developed.

And Ah Nuan has just been born. There are still a few years before he can go to school. Although the little sword spirit is a blank slate, it should take a few years to train him if he has enough potential and talent.

This is just a conservative estimate of Wang Ling.

Judging from Leng Ming's comprehensive qualifications, it actually doesn't take a few years at all. In other words... it doesn't take a year at all. Maybe in a few months, he can learn all the knowledge of the human world before Ah Nuan went to college and train him. Become an excellent fighting sword spirit.

As the saying goes, be prepared and be prepared.

Leng Ming is his favorite. Currently it is a blank piece of paper. You can keep it as a "spare tire" and cultivate it slowly.

At the Sword Conference. Sun Rong can still find another one based on your own ideas.

What if Leng Ming's talent is only focused on combat and he doesn't study well?

Therefore. It is better to find a spirit sword who can learn and loves to learn.

No one stipulates that a person can only own one spiritual sword.

When people walk in the rivers and lakes, there are too many swords to weigh them down.

Bind multiple spirit swords at the same time. It's not illegal!

So after making up his mind, Wang Ling stared at Jingke and said, "Take him in."

Jingke: "Me?"

"You don't have any disciples yet?"

Wang Ling looked at Jingke. The voice transmission asked.

Jingke: "..."

To be honest, he had never thought about accepting a disciple.

But since this is Wang Ling's intention.

As a sword spirit, he will certainly comply with his master's wishes.

Regarding combat, he was very confident that he would teach Leng Ming well.

But when it comes to study, I'm afraid it won't be that good...

The main reason is that Jingke himself has not studied much.

I have never taken any formal classes.

The things I have mastered are usually learned by reading Wang Ling on the side while doing homework.

Wang Ling If I can give 100 points by giving my best.

He can probably only score 90 points?

The gap is still huge.

"That's enough." Wang Ling looked at Jingke.

He knew exactly what Jingke was thinking.

It is the first time for a swordsman to become a master. Moreover, the position of master is appointed by Wang Ling. This makes Jingke a little nervous: "Really. Is that okay?"

"You are my sword. No problem."Wang Ling stroked Jingke's white hair again and said with serious expression.

Jingke was encouraged. He took a deep breath and then agreed: "Okay! I'll take him in!"

...

At the same time. Jian Shen Square. Everyone nearby was exclaiming.

They were inexplicably shocked. They looked at the numbers displayed on the sword tablet in front of them in astonishment.

Those sword spirits who had not yet had time to join in the fun and were rushing towards Jian Shen Square in the distance stopped one by one at this time.

I saw the immortal light shining brightly over there. The sudden movement of the sword monument caused the entire sky in the Sword King Realm to be rendered into colorful colors. These people had not yet seen clearly what was happening at the scene. They just felt shocked.

"Which sword spirit is it? Why have I never felt this sword spirit?"

"It is said to be a newly born little sword spirit. But a little sword spirit actually caused the sword monument to resonate so much?"

Many sword spirits' eyes were stinging. The light in Jian Shen Square in front was so dazzling and so intense that it was hard to imagine.

When they got closer, they saw Leng Ming, who was also stunned in front of the sword monument. They were all even more stunned.

"Really a little sword spirit..."

"Transformed by a piece of grass?"

Many sword spirits were shocked. At the same time, they also smiled bitterly.

These non-metal swords. Each one is more powerful than the other...

Metal sword. There is really no way to survive!!!

Just a moment.

Carter could feel that there was a strong sour smell in the air. Many people here seemed to have turned into lemon people. She could subconsciously sense that among the sword spirits watching the scene, many people expressed their jealousy. turned into hostility towards Leng Ming.

Carter didn't even think about it. She rushed forward to protect Leng Ming immediately. She took Leng Ming's hand and took Leng Ming away from the scene without saying a word.

"Everyone be quiet!"

"Keep quiet!" Wu Jin and Lao Man cooperated tacitly. They immediately maintained order at the scene.

In the Sword King Realm, it is common practice to bully newly born sword spirits...

Whether it is a person or a sword spirit, there will always be jealousy. Leng Ming's qualifications have already made many sword spirits have murderous intentions in their hearts.

If Leng Ming is captured, use the evil magic circle to forcefully devour Leng Ming. This is also a way for the sword spirit to improve himself.

But this method is regarded as evil and is not recognized by the sword king world.

But after Leng Ming took this test, his results were really dazzling.

It is essential to be on guard against others. There must still be sword spirits who are willing to do that.

"You are protecting him now. Is it possible that you can protect him for the rest of your life?" Some people were dissatisfied and stood up.

To many people, Leng Ming was just a little sword spirit, a nameless grass! Now this grass was emitting light. For a while, many sword spirits were jealous and almost had a mental breakdown.

Although he clearly lacked combat power, he took the first place in bronze in this sword monument test!

Even this test result... surpassed many people in the king group.

"Impossible...how could this happen...there must be something wrong with the sword monument!" Dian Ming felt like he had been slapped hard.

Previously, he was putting on airs in front of Leng Ming, which was noticed by everyone. Now his performance in Jianbei was beaten by Leng Ming, which made Dian Ming feel that he could not lose face.

"Who wants to do it? Just try." Carter said coldly. Her Death Lotus was already ready to move.

Her gaze intimidated many sword spirits.

At the same time, a flawless white sword light fell from the sky. The person who came was none other than Mo Yu, one of Yu Ling's best friends, who came after receiving the news.

Mo Yu was wearing a white short skirt, long black hair, and a jade crown on top of her head. She was very beautiful, and her whole body exuded a sweet fragrance: "You can't do anything in the Sword Capital City." Whoever takes action will do so at their own risk."

The girl saw everything from a distance. After landing, she was also carrying out deterrence work.

Competition judges and stuff. The most interesting!

"You can't do anything in the Sword Capital. But there will always be times when you can't protect him."

At this time, Dian Ming snorted. He vented all the anger of losing face on Leng Ming: "Boy, you are not good at fighting. There will always be times when these people can't protect you! Just wait!"

He just finished speaking.

I saw a brown sword energy coming from the sky...

Like a meteorite, the sword storm directly pierced the Sword King Realm. It pierced the position of Jian Shen Square!

It was just a trace of sword energy, but its power was so powerful that it was unimaginable. It instantly transformed into an existence like a divine punishment horse, and was poured into Dian Ming accurately.

Dian Ming was so shocked by the sword pressure brought by this sword energy that he vomited blood. His whole body sank deeply into the earth, leaving only one head exposed.

"This is..."

Everyone was shocked!

Such a powerful sword that is invincible in the world...

There is only one person in the sword king world who can do it!

"It's Lord Jingke!"

"It was the sword master who took action. This incident actually alarmed the sword master..."

...

"Leng Ming is my disciple."

And soon, Jingke's extraterrestrial voice resounded throughout the Sword King Realm, shaking the minds of all sword spirits: "Whoever becomes an enemy will bear the consequences at their own risk..."





Chapter 1408 Miss Sun has insomnia!


The King of Sword Spirits. Come to the end in person! Shocking the entire Sword King World!

This is something that no sword spirit would ever think of.

"A newly born little sword spirit was chosen by the sword king and became his disciple..."

Jian Shen Square. Countless sword spirits were stunned.

Their emotions were ups and downs, and they knew deeply that they might be witnessing history!

"Has the Sword King ever had an apprentice?"

"No...this little sword spirit named Leng Ming is the first!"

"We actually openly accepted disciples. My youth is over!"

Many sword spirits sighed with emotion on the spot. As a newly born little sword spirit, Leng Ming was spotted by the king of sword spirits with extremely high qualifications. He accepted him as a disciple...

Maybe Dian Ming is right. People like Carter and Wu Jin cannot protect Leng Ming's thoughtfulness.

There are always times when Leng Ming is not by his side.

But now, the boss of the entire sword king world has appeared and openly accepted this little sword spirit as his disciple.

If anyone dares to stir up trouble again, Dian Ming will end up with his eyes being pressed by a sword and being knocked into the ground, bleeding from seven holes.

This is a deterrent. It is also a warning.

Suddenly, the sword spirits in the Juggernaut Square who were originally hostile to Leng Ming out of jealousy all restrained their thoughts.

This little sword spirit has a different starting point...

The King of Sword Spirits is often absent from the Sword King Realm. In fact, the Sword Spirits have never found an opportunity to curry favor with Jingke.

Now Leng Ming has become Jingke's disciple. Naturally, he has become the first person to fawn over.

The Sword Spirit Square instantly became lively. Many Sword Spirits who were well-known in the Sword King world came forward one after another and began to offer benefits to Leng Ming.

"Little brother, I run the Royal Sword Spirit Bathing Center. Come here to bathe. Tell me my name, Qiao Shan! No charge!"

"Brother Leng Ming, our family runs a medical clinic! Chen Cang Medical Clinic! If you feel unwell, uncle will come and check your body!"

"You all go away. Don't bring up the children... Come here! Xiao Leng Ming. My sister runs a tutoring institution. If you are in need of teachers, you can always look for me!"

For a time, because of Leng Ming's little episode, the situation got out of control.

Fortunately, Jingke's fate gave clear instructions to Carter, Wu Jin, and Lao Man. Now they have made their attitude towards Leng Ming clearer.

The chaotic scene lasted for about ten minutes.

It wasn't until Jiu You and Yu Ling passed by that the noisy square regained its calm.

A man and a woman fell from the sky. They looked like a beautiful couple.

"It's Master Jiu You and Master Yu Ling! They are here too!"

"I heard that Mr. Jiu You specially asked Mr. Yu Ling to be the judge this time."

Many people have long mistakenly believed that there is a relationship between Jiu You and Yu Ling.

Jiu You is also very helpless about this.

He would rather...

But what about Yu Ling? The only two people she cares about are Jingke and Bai Qiao.

Take this time for example. As soon as I heard that Bai Qiao invited me to be a judge, I came without saying a word.

After all, he is the third-ranked sword spirit on the sword list. There is no need to give him the honor of being ranked fifth...

Hey. Being one level higher on the list is overwhelming!

On the way to the square, Jiu You smiled bitterly in his heart.

Yu Ling rarely appeared in crowded places. Facing the unprecedented grand scene of Jian Shen Square in front of her, she even felt a little uncomfortable.

But it can be seen that she is still trying to adjust her mood.

Yu Ling waved her hand and held her waist with one hand. She had a graceful figure and showed off her perfect curves: "Please take care of me. I am also one of the judges for this Sword conference."

The sweet voice suddenly swept through the entire Jian Shen Square, making many male sword spirits think about it.

I can't stand just hearing the sound!

"Master Yu Ling is so beautiful! She looks like an immortal who stepped out of a painting!"

"That's right! Master Yu Ling's voice is as beautiful as Master Mo Yu's! The contestants who take part this time are blessed!"

"With Master Yu Ling joining us, I believe the competition will be fair and just!" Fei Lu

...

And as Yu Ling appeared.

So far.

The lineup of judges for the Sword competition has also been finalized. They are the ones ranked 3456th on the sword list.

According to the order of the sword list, they are: Yu Ling, Mo Yu, Jiu You, Xiao Qian.

"Everyone is quiet. Jian Shen Square. No noise!"

At this time, Jiu You whispered, and it had an immediate effect.

Although he is only an escrow, Jiu You still has the dignity of an escrow.

Later, under the suppression of Jiu You and others, order was restored at the scene.

Everything is going on in an orderly manner.

Jiu You estimates that there will be 1,000 shortlisted auditions for five groups, and they will all be done tomorrow.

Then, just wait for the girl to come and compete the day after tomorrow.

It can be said that everything is ready and all we need is the east wind.

...

Tuesday, December 8.

Sun Rong had a sleepless night.

Girls always worry about their skin. So even Sun Rong. Her habit is to go to bed early.

But that painful feeling of tossing and turning. The girl fully experienced it last night.

All she could think about was Jiang Yingying.

At the same time, I am constantly guessing about this girl's background, personality, hobbies, etc. Wait a minute!

Because Sun Rong was born with a huge brain and the ability to make up her mind, in the process of thinking about Jiang Yingying, she directly created a girl romance novel of more than 100,000 words in her mind from the perspective of Jiang Yingying.. The story became more complicated and bizarre the more she thought about it. It directly caused her to fall into insomnia.

When I got up, Sun Rong looked in the mirror. After discovering that I had no dark circles, I breathed a sigh of relief.

"You're a cultivator. Some people can't sleep without sleeping for several years. Rongrong didn't sleep for just one night? He won't have any dark circles!" Sun Ying'er comforted him at the side.

She witnessed the girl setting a new rolling record in bed last night.

Rolling back and forth on the big bed that was tens of meters long. In the morning, it felt like I had completed a marathon.

The girl was worried that her complexion would look bad. She looked in the mirror as soon as she woke up.

However, as a shadow, Sun Ying'er's focus was not on the girl's face at all. He was just looking at the girl's chest in front of the mirror with worry...

"Rongrong. If you can't sleep in the future, try not to roll around." Sun Ying'er suggested with sincerity.

Sun Rong: "???"

Sun Ying'er: "It's not big to begin with. What if it gets flattened?"

"..."

Sun Rong clenched her fists in embarrassment. She wished she could sew Sun Ying'er's mouth shut...

...

This morning. Wang Ling walked in directly from the school gate.

He no longer dared to take the convenient teleportation circle. Mainly because he was worried that the circle would be blown up by him again.

When they arrived at the classroom, Wang Ling found that Guo Hao and Chen Chao were already sitting in the classroom.

The two of them probably got up early in the morning to copy each other's homework...

"Wang Ling Have you heard? Something happened to Wang Zhen next door!" Guo Hao took the initiative to talk to Wang Ling.

"Eh?"Wang Ling pretended to be calm.

"It seems to be related to the strange group of people who appeared at the door before... Those people said they were actors. I think they are from the underworld..." Guo Hao said very mysteriously: "I heard. Wang Zhen's My knees were broken by those gangsters!"

"..."

Hearing this. Wang Ling couldn't help but sigh.

So sometimes people still can't be too confident in their knees...

How hard is the Heavenly Dao durian he inspired?

Who knows who is kneeling!





Chapter 1409 The big crisis of Sun Rong!


Wang Zhen looked like he was out of luck.

But in fact, Wang Zhen decided to kneel down on the durian after careful consideration.

Of course he knew that this "Heavenly Dao Durian" was extraordinary.

That is an existence that has been enlightened by Wang Ling. It is impossible for it to be crushed by one's own knees like an ordinary durian.

If I kneel down, I'm afraid my kneecaps will be shattered...

Therefore, before Wang Zhen knelt down at Heavenly Dao durian, he had a very clear understanding of the situation.

But in the end he chose to kneel down.

Because Wang Zhen also knew it very well.

As soon as his knee was broken, Wang Ling's anger disappeared.

The matter of "offending Wang Ling" was far more terrifying than the matter of "breaking a knee", as Wang Zhen imagined.

So, just kneel down...

Anyway, cultivation medical technology is so advanced now. Even if it is broken, it can be repaired without leaving any sequelae.

As long as Wang Ling can calm down. Everything will be worth it.

And the facts proved that Wang Zhen's decision was completely correct.

As for his knees being beaten by gangsters...

This thing is completely false.

He didn't know how it spread.

Logically speaking, only Liu Qingyi knew the news about his injury.

And Liu Qingyi actually kept this matter under wraps, so no outsiders would know about it.

Unless he accidentally leaked the news...

But even if it leaks out, it won't be so outrageous!

This made Wang Zhen sigh with emotion.

That's what the Internet is like now.

The people who follow the trend and follow the trend often ignore the truth of the incident itself.

Because what the melon-eaters really care about is not the truth, but what they believe is right.

These days, I don't have the ability to think independently. It's really scary...

...

On the other side, in response to the vicious incident in front of the school gate where Wang Zhen was suspected of being attacked by a gangster, Sun Rong held a special student union meeting to discuss it.

What happened to Wang Zhen. In fact, it was indeed Liu Qingyi and Sun Rong who accidentally let it slip during their conversation.

Then Miss Sun acted as the driving force behind the scenes and made up this matter...

She wants to organize a student union meeting. Looking for more information about Jiang Yingying.

And since there is a meeting, there must be a reason.

Wang Zhen's incident is actually a suitable excuse to hold a meeting.

Who makes Wang Zhen so naughty!

But after all, this is also taking advantage of Wang Zhen.

Sun Rong still prepared some supplements to send to the love hotel where Wang Zhen is currently staying.

Treating bones, treating kidney deficiency, everything...

At 12:30 noon, it was originally lunch break time for each class.

At this point. Sun Rong has launched a student union meeting.

The student union cannot sanction the so-called "gangsters."

But as an organization that provides services to students, they can advocate to the school to strengthen security at the school gate during school hours.

Before all participants start the meeting.

Everyone thought this would be a serious and serious meeting.

At the results meeting, when Sun Rong suddenly asked for a person's name, everyone was confused.

"Do you know this girl Jiang Yingying?"Sun Rong was smiling and calm.

Everyone was stunned.

Wait a minute!

Aren't we discussing today the issue of strengthening security at school gates after school?

Why did the conversation suddenly turn to a girl?

All the representatives from Number 60 High School's elite class present were stunned.

"President, is this girl related to this incident?" someone asked.

"No. Not sure yet."

Sun Rong said: "I just heard some rumors. So I want to ask everyone if you know this girl. I can integrate the information to identify the authenticity."

The girl's expression was serious and her words sounded as if they were true. All the simple students here believed her.

"As expected of the president! As expected of my classmate Sun Rong. He is serious and rigorous in doing things!" Someone couldn't help but praise him on the spot.

At the meeting site, many people were whispering and discussing.

Basically, those who are willing to join the student union are social butterflies who are active in various campus circles. They have more or less connections in other schools.

After Sun Rong asked this question, these people immediately took out their mobile phones and asked their familiar friends.

Under such a huge crowd tactic, someone really asked about Jiang Yingying.

"I asked!"

A girl with short ear-length hair raised her hand: "Jiang Yingying. A girl from Jian Shen Academy! She also participated in the Jiulongshan National Physical Martial Arts Competition before. But she was kicked out very early!"

"Jian Shen Academy?"

Sun Rong frowned slightly.

Everyone knows that Jian Shen Academy is a school invested and built by the sword master General Yi, and his adopted son Yi Zhiyang studies there.

Er Ha previously speculated that Jiang Yingying might be related to Martial Saint Marshal Jiang.

So if Jiang Yingying also studies here...then this can almost be regarded as a real deal.

Was he originally a student of Jian Shen College?

This new discovery surprised Sun Rong.

In this way, the event clues and character relationship clues are all connected...

Sun Rong is almost certain. This is the Jiang Yingying you want to find.

"Do you have any photos?" Sun Rong asked.

"Yes." The short-haired girl pulled out Jiang Yingying's photo. This was a set that someone had just sent to her.

The person who sent her the information was a boy from Jian Shen College. And this boy was also from the student union.

"This person looks a bit like you, the president!" The girl swiped her hand, and the photo on her phone was projected onto the screen into the void of the conference room.

When everyone saw Jiang Yingying's appearance clearly, they couldn't help but hissed...

"This..."

"I can't say they are particularly similar. It just looks a bit similar at first glance."

"That's awesome! I still think we will look good!"

...

Sun Rong stared at this face that looked very similar to his own. He was also thinking about countermeasures in his mind.

Based on the information obtained so far, Jiang Yingying is generally close to her speculation.

Basically, the fact that he can participate in the Jiulongshan National Physical Martial Arts Competition is enough to prove that Jiang Yingying's results in Jian Shen Academy are pretty good!

It was just because I lacked some luck during the competition that I was eliminated very early. As a result, Sun Rong did not notice this person.

"So. I fell in love with my classmate Wang Ling. Was it also during the Jiulongshan National Gymnastics Competition?" Sun Rong thought thoughtfully.

After the student union, Sun Rong spent another afternoon thinking about how to approach Jiang Yingying.

If you come to the door very suddenly, it will look very unnatural.

However, what the girl never expected was that an emergency happened again just before school was over that day...

Sun Rong was called to the office by Principal Chen: "Classmate Sun Rong. You are the president of the student union. There will be a group of new transfer students in our school soon. I hope you will take the lead and integrate these students into our school as soon as possible. environment!"

"Okay principal. I will try my best!" Sun Rong nodded.

"Yes. Student Sun has excellent abilities. There will be no problem!" Principal Chen handed out a brochure with a smile: "Here is the list. Take a look."

Sun Rong opens the booklet.

The name of the first person on the roster immediately came into her sight.

This person is no one else.

It is Jiang Yingying from Jian Shen College...

It only took a moment. A sense of crisis came to Sun Rong's heart.





Chapter 1410 Sun Rong Boss


Pre-emptive strike.

This is something Sun Rong didn't expect.

The conditions of Jian Shen College are not bad because it was established with investment from General Yi.

Although the school has only been established recently, it is also a well-known key university in the city with strong teaching staff.

Many rich people have no way of finding a way to get in. Jiang Yingying chose to give up and transfer to Number 60 High School. The purpose is already clear.

I just came here for Wang Ling!

Sun Rong looks at this list. My mood is actually very complicated.

It says. This batch of transfer students will all be admitted by next Monday at the latest.

In other words, when Jiang Yingying will come. Sun Rong has no idea at all.

So now. Sun Rong only knows a little bit.

She must. Always be prepared.

...

Jiang Yingying's move can be said to affect the whole body.

It was also around the time when Number 60 High School was over. Er Ha made a special trip to Wei Zhi's apartment. She wanted to find out about Jiang Yingying from Wei Zhi.

It's not that the Er Ha is too critical, it understands the situation, and Sun Rong has promised to give it a good deal.

Now that Er Ha has decided to live in the human world, it must consider its future life.

And life is nothing more than working, finding a partner, getting married and having a son and a half daughter...

But now comes the problem.

Er Ha's assets in the human world are limited.

But now, finding a partner is actually a very real problem.

For example, between a handsome pauper and an ugly rich man. Most people prefer the material aspect... After all, as long as they have money, no matter how ugly they look, they can still be transformed.

Besides, Er Ha feels that his human form is not ugly.

It just lacks certain assets.

So now, helping Miss Sun "work" and make some groceries is undoubtedly an excellent way to make money.

When Er Ha came to see Wei Zhi, Gu Shunzhi was still attending Number 60 High School. Only Zhao Qingxian was there to help Wei Zhi.

The fat man Zhao Qingxian has switched back to his original body with Fan Xing. Now he looks much more peaceful. But Er Ha thinks this is probably the calm before the storm.

You may not know what this guy is thinking...

I won't give up on Liu Qingyi easily.

Therefore, the biggest beneficiary of Bai Zhe's "Yang Shuangji" incident is actually Fan Xing.

This guy was already a useless person. However, due to the body swap incident, his injuries were inadvertently healed.

"You want to ask about Jiang Yingying?"

Regarding Er Ha's question, Wei Zhi felt a little surprised.

He habitually grabbed the brim of his peaked cap and turned it back clockwise, revealing his smooth forehead. Then he handed the showerhead in his hand to Zhao Qingxian.

They are currently cultivating spiritual plants in a converted greenhouse. These spiritual plants are used to make special fertilizers, which can allow spiritual beasts to grow better.

After leaving the work in hand to Zhao Qingxian, Wei Zhi led Er Ha to the teahouse next door. He closed the door and turned on the soundproof array.

Although he felt that Zhao Qingxian would not eavesdrop, Jiang Yingying's problem was more private... Wei Zhi felt that it would be safer to do so.

"Is this necessary..." Er Ha couldn't help laughing.

"Why do you suddenly want to ask about Miss Yingying?" Wei Zhi was also curious.

He poured Er Ha a cup of tea. He wanted to know what Er Ha really thought.

"Isn't this girl transferring to Number 60 High School right away? I was also entrusted by someone to come and inquire about the situation." Er Ha winked at Wei Zhi.

"It was Miss Sun who asked you to come..."

Wei Zhi immediately understood. The purpose of this trip.

I can only say that he is one of Er Ha's best friends in the human world. Sometimes, for a pair of friends who have a tacit understanding, they can guess what it means with just one look.

"Then can you say it? If it's not convenient for you to say it, I will think of other ways. I will never force you." Er Ha said. After all, the person asking the question may be the granddaughter of Marshal Jiang, one of the ten generals.

Wei Zhi couldn't say more. Er Ha also understood. "I have opened the sound isolation circle. Of course, I just want to tell you. But what I know is very limited."

Wei Zhi smiled. He took out the photo album under the coffee table. There was a photo of Wei Zhi and a girl who looked somewhat similar to Sun Rong. The girl was holding a big orange spiritual bird. Laughs Very happy: "This is Miss Yingying."

This is the first time Er Ha has seen a photo of Jiang Yingying. If he hadn't looked carefully, he almost thought it was Sun Rong.

However, after careful observation, Er Ha feels that the difference is still obvious.

First of all, Jiang Yingying has short hair and a mole on the tip of her nose. I don't know if it's because of the shooting. Her skin doesn't look fair either.

So Er Ha concluded: "The boss is still good-looking."

"You help boss Sun Rong. Your salary must be high, right?" Wei Zhi gossiped.

"Not high, not high. It only costs 100,000 yuan to get a piece of information."

"..."

"I will remember to send you a red envelope when your salary arrives."

"..."

Wei Zhi sighed.

After all, she is the eldest daughter of a wealthy family. The money is so good...

"Miss Yingying is indeed Uncle Jiang's granddaughter. But she is not biologically related. She was adopted when she was very young," Wei Zhi said.

"Again adopted?" Er Ha's mouth twitched.

What's wrong with the ten generals...they only like to pick up children and raise them?

But actually Er Ha is not incomprehensible.

When cultivators reach advanced levels, there will always be some "ascetic" cultivators. In layman's terms, they have been single for too long and have gotten used to it...

There is a saying: Being single is fun. Being single is always fun!

Since he doesn't consider marrying a wife and wants to raise a child to inherit his legacy, then adoption is the most convenient way.

"Not many people know about this. Uncle Jiang didn't tell anyone. As for how I knew it, it was actually discovered by accident." Wei Zhi said.

However, he did not say how he discovered this relationship.

"Uncle Jiang treats Miss Yingying like his own. Whenever there's a problem with her spirit beasts, they come to me for treatment. She basically sends them to me for treatment. On the whole. Miss Yingying is a quiet girl with an artistic spirit."

"Literary...Literary girl?"

"Absolutely." Wei Zhi nodded.

Hearing this, Er Ha suddenly had a bold guess in his mind.

Since this girl Jiang Yingying likes literature...

So is there another possibility?

She is not actually attracted to Little Master Ling...

You know, during the Jiulong Mountain National Physical Martial Arts Competition. When Little Master Ling and Wang Ying were playing with meteorites in the universe. It was Crispy Noodles Dao Lord who stood in for him!

And while he was still a stand-in, he completed a shocking essay with full marks...





Chapter 1411 Fan Xing seeks death


"Is there anything else of value? No matter how small it is," Er Ha asked.

It was not very happy in its heart. Sure enough, it was right to ask for information from Wei Zhi.

Adding up the above messages, hundreds of thousands have been credited.

However, this amount of money is still not enough for the down payment of the real estate.

Housing prices are ridiculously high these days.

It can only be saved temporarily. It accumulates bit by bit.

Because even if Er Ha is used for investment and financial management, the risk is very high.

After all, investing in oil these days is likely to result in loss of money. Nothing is possible...

"Let me think about it..." Wei Zhi touched his chin and thought hard.

After a moment, he had an idea: "Ah, by the way. Have you heard of Hui Feng?"

"What is this?"

Er Ha is puzzled.

Hui Feng? Are you a fan of Gray Mist Creatures?

But the groundhog who is Lord Gray Mist is still suppressed under the water tower in the central lake of the Office of Strategic Deception...

Because of the painful loss of the egg and forced sex change, it is still in a petrified state and has not recovered.

"I just heard about this. When I was chatting with Miss Yingying last time, she casually mentioned that she joined a Gray Cult and became Hui Feng." Wei Zhi said.

"It can't be some evil religion..."

"After all, Marshal Jiang is here. It shouldn't be a cult. It should be some kind of fan group." Wei Zhi replied: "Miss Yingying also said that everyone in Gray Cult is a grain of dust in the times."

"..."

At this point, Er Ha finally realized it.

"A grain of ashes in the era." Famous scenes will last forever.

This essay was written at the Jiulong Mountain Sports Conference. It is still included in the National High School Student Essay Library and will soon be published as a book. It will become an essay in the {National Excellent Essay Selection}.

The classmate Wang Ling who was mistaken for the original author will soon receive a one-time royalties of about 3,000 yuan for this reason.

However, since this can be regarded as using "ability" to make money, Father Wang directly contacted the publishing house and asked them to donate the money directly in the name of Wang Ling...

So now based on what Wei Zhi learned about the situation, Er Ha suddenly felt that Wang Ling was a little pitiful.

If Jiang Yingying really likes Crispy Noodles Dao Lord. How will it end then?

In the evening. Sun Rong had been thinking about Jiang Yingying after finishing her homework.

Sun Ying'er comforted her. "Rongrong, don't think too much! Maybe they are here to study! And I don't think you need to worry at all. Ling Zhenren is just a piece of wood. You can't shake her. How can she Jiang Yingying You can succeed so easily?"

She secretly thought that these words could comfort Sun Rong. But in the end, it made Sun Rong even more uncomfortable...

yes!

If only Wang Ling wasn't a piece of wood!

At this time, the phone on the table vibrated. Sun Rong received a message from Er Ha.

The above are all the information about Jiang Yingying that Er Ha obtained from Wei Zhi. As well as Er Ha's speculation on this matter.

"So, classmate Jiang Yingying might like, in fact, senior Crispy Noodles Dao Lord?" Sun Rong stared at the message above. The originally dull mood seemed to ease a lot.

But Er Ha's speculation alone doesn't seem to explain anything...

After all, from Jiang Yingying's subjective point of view, she does not know about the essay in the Jiulongshan National Physical Martial Arts Competition. The real original author is not Wang Ling.

So how to sort out the misunderstandings is what Sun Rong needs to do now.

Originally the girl thought this was just an ordinary competitor...

Unexpectedly, the situation turned out to be far more complicated than she imagined!

"There is no other way. It seems that we can only break into the enemy first and understand the intelligence more deeply." Sun Rong thought for a while and muttered with a frown.

"Rongrong wants to join that Gray Cult?"

"This is the only thing we can do now." Sun Rong nodded.

But this matter won't be rushed for a while.

For Sun Rong, she still has the task of replacing the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube.

Around eight o'clock in the evening. Er Ha appeared at Sun Rong's bedroom door on time.

The girl is ready.

The fourth Rubik's Cube is located in another secret realm in the universe called the Ageless Star.

"Are you ready, boss?" Er Ha asked.

"Thank you for the hard work on today's information Er Ha. The money will arrive tomorrow!" Sun Rong smiled: "Let's do it quickly! I have more important things to do when I come back!"

She is already familiar with the task process of "Replacing Rubik's Cube."

As long as there is no riot in the Rubik's Cube, there is almost no risk in the Rubik's Cube collection mission. As long as she takes Aohai with her.

And this trip back. Aohai is the standard for quad-core!

One core is "Alluring Sword"

The second core is the "sword that conquers the world"

The three cores are "pour the ball and strike with a sword"

And the quad-core is..."Pour the Ball and Sword PLUS!"

Aohai in the three-core state can already destroy the earth. And with four cores... it can destroy larger planets that are less than 100 times larger than the earth!

At the same time, in a Xinxing apartment building one hundred kilometers away from Sun Rong's home.

There are a lot of satellite monitors here.

After a burst of snowflake signals, the picture finally settled on the villa where Sun Rong lived.

Two technicians were adjusting the satellite image: "Master, the signal fluctuated briefly just now. It is normal now."

Behind them, a long-haired young man in a suit and tie sat back on a wide leather reclining chair. He crossed his feet on the table and frowned slightly: "When will the eyes of heaven be able to see into my sister's bedroom?"

The owner of this Xinxing apartment is none other than Fan Xing.

He is the landlord here.

The entire apartment building is his territory.

Since his recovery, he has been thinking about a revenge plan.

These days, the pain he suffered in the Sun family villa... every time Fan Xing thinks about it, he feels depressed in his heart, as if there is a congestion of blood in his heart.

But it seems he didn't deserve to die.

Although I don't know what is going on...

His body fully recovered in a very short period of time and reached a normal level of health.

Even the doctor who treated him said that this may be a miracle in the history of cultivation medicine.

"Master, I don't know why. There is always a very strong magnetic field in Miss Sun's bedroom. Maybe Boss Sun has sent experts to protect her? Our satellite signal has never been able to penetrate. It is also for this reason."

"A master? What a master? The master in my sister's villa. I know how much it weighs. Even the cultivators of Soul Formation can easily peek into this celestial eye I set up!" said Fan Xing.

His original intention was to secretly take some private photos of Sun Rong and then spread them through the Internet. But now it seems that this road does not seem to be smooth.

It stands to reason. Sun Rong A Foundation Building period... Besides, this is still in the bedroom. How could there be an expert lurking in a girl's bedroom?

Could it be that her sister became a True Immortal level master in a few days?

This is unscientific!

"Forget it. It's been carried out according to the original plan." Fan Xing sighed and waved his hand.

"Okay, Master." The technician nodded. They began to remotely mobilize the Sky Eye.

Fan Xing's Sky Eye satellite also has the ability to summon meteorites. It can use scientific means to absorb nearby meteorites, and then intelligently twist the meteorites to a specific orbit to accurately strike the target.

That's right.

His purpose is to blow up the entire Sun family villa, and then destroy Sun Rong with it...





Chapter 1412 Fansi City must die


Before leaving. Sun Rong had a vague feeling that something was wrong.

The girl raised her head and stared at the night sky. She didn't know why she felt like there was a vague murderous aura coming from outside.

But she wasn't sure. She thought it was just an illusion.

In fact, Sun Ying'er and Er Ha also felt it.

After upgrading to a divine beast, Er Ha can feel the power of chaos distributed in the universe. These powers of chaos have become another major sensory organ of Er Ha, making its perception of "malice" particularly obvious.

At the same time, Sun Ying'er, as the Lord of the Void and also Sun Rong's personal bodyguard, still has the most basic awareness of precautions.

"Do you feel a faint murderous aura?" At this time, Er Ha looked at the girl and asked.

"eh..."Sun Rong nodded.

"Don't doubt yourself. Your judgment is not wrong." Er Ha frowned.

In the passive version of the "human-sword-in-one" state, the sword energy emitted by Aohai is also like an amplifying device installed on the girl's body. It greatly enhances Sun Rong's ability to predict danger.

"Why do I feel like it's coming from the universe?" Sun Rong felt it. She stared at a direction in the sky. That was the direction of the Eye of Heaven.

"It seems to be a satellite. It is trying to launch an attack here." Er Ha said.

"Satellite?" the girl was surprised.

There are not many offensive satellites used as weapons now. The {E-Bomb Raining Down From Above} developed by the Huaxiu National Cultivation and Magic Weapon Research Institute is actually still a devastating strike weapon launched through satellites.

Around the world, countries have strict controls on weapons satellites. Even the Huaguo Shuilian Group does not have the right to launch weapons satellites.

Er Ha breathed out into the void. The weapons-type satellite that was trying to attack the Sun Rong family in the universe was projected into the void like a mirage.

"Judging from the scale of the weapon, we can basically tell that this is a private satellite." Sun Rong frowned.

The Huaguo Shuilian Group once launched artificial lighting-assisted satellites for cultivating spiritual plants into space. Therefore, the girl actually did some research on the classification of satellites.

The state-used weapons satellite is a huge thing, and it has a clear national flag logo on it. Only private satellites are blank.

"I didn't expect that even now, there are still people who want your life." Er Ha couldn't help but sigh. No matter who was behind it, it was mourning for this troublemaker.

Not everyone can be messed with.

What's more, the person I'm provoking now is the strongest Foundation Building on the planet...

"Forget it. No matter who it is, it's more important to recover the Rubik's Cube now. And I have more important things to do after I come back." Sun Rong extracted one of the split Aohai from Aohai's sword spirit space. Staying here to sit in the villa. Not taking the target of the attack seriously at all.

"Then let's go."

Er Ha feels that the girl's style of dealing with things has become more mature.

A few seconds later, they followed Lord Ma's teleportation golden light to the mysterious "Star of Ages" in the universe to recover the fourth Rubik's Cube.

The split body Aohai stayed here alone in the empty room. There was a bit of emptiness in his sapphire eyes. The breeze outside the window blew the curls at the end of his hair. The silver-gray hair was beating softly like waves.

Xingxing Apartment. Everything is ready.

"Eye of the Sky" has completed the adsorption of meteorites.

With just one command, a precise attack can be carried out on the villa where Sun Rong lives.

"Let's do it." Fan Xing gave the final order.

Boom!

Sky Eye's mechanical ejection device violently pushes the meteorite into orbit according to calculations. In an instant, the meteorite is lasing out, falling into the atmosphere, and then friction, generating huge energy!

Suddenly, the sky split open and spread rapidly forward! Terrible energy erupted!

This Sky Eye is a weapon that Fan Xing secretly convened many civilian scientists to discuss and design drawings, and commissioned a craftsman to build it himself.

For this, he paid a huge price!

At the same time, this is also the first time Fan Xing uses the Sky Eye.

"Master Shou Chong really doesn't deceive me... The power of this Heavenly Eye is indeed powerful enough! It's so useful!" Fan Xing stared at the picture transmitted back from the monitor. He was not very happy in his heart.

He felt that he had really found the right person. And the "Master Shou Chong" he praised was the real name of the folk craft master.

This craftsman is called: Shou Chong.

"Master, everything is operating normally now. The meteorite has entered the planned orbit according to the calculation of the Sky Eye. It can land on the villa accurately." A technician said.

At the same time, he was also very curious about the "handicraft expert" Fan Xing found: "Where did the young master find this person?"

"I met him by chance. I saw him wandering around the gate of the Academy of Sciences. Then he was stopped by the security guard at the gate every time. I went to ask about the situation out of curiosity. I didn't expect to find such a talent by accident. I have invested a lot of money into him. Now many of the devices he invented are in the testing stage. Patents will be applied for soon."

Fan Xing smiled and said: "If it can be put into mass production and launched in the future, the technology empire I established may not be worse than the Huaguo Shuilian Group!"

In the past two years, with the over-exploitation of spiritual plants, the market price of spiritual plants has continued to increase. As the cost of elixirs has gone up, the selling price will naturally increase. This directly leads to the fact that people who could not afford elixirs can no longer afford them. People who are looking for elixirs think it is not worth it.

It is no secret that Dan Pharmaceuticals of Huaguo Shuilian Group has been losing money for many years. It has been going downhill in the past two years.

In Fan Xing's view, now is the era of rejuvenating the country through science and technology! And he has discovered talents like "Shou Chong." This is undoubtedly a shot in the arm for his technology company!

Currently, Fan Xing's investment in Shou Chong amounts to billions.

And Shou Chong has lived up to his expectations. He has invented many amazing high-tech products.

Fan Xing proudly said: "The 180° all-round inverted automatic hair washing machine will be on the market soon. Just put your head over it. It can automatically clean and dry your head in all directions within 30 seconds."

Technician: "..."

Fan Xing: "And you may not know it yet. This apartment building is actually a high-tech cutting-edge product invented by Shou Chong."

"Apartment buildings too?"

"That's right." Fan Xing nodded: "This apartment building is explosion-proof and earthquake-proof. It also has an automatic early warning system. When the apartment's intelligent AI system determines that the apartment suffers an unbearable devastating blow, it will automatically activate. Emergency evacuation system..."

At this time, Fan Xing hadn't finished speaking. The technician at the front suddenly screamed loudly: "It's not good, Master!"

"Eh? What's going on?" Fan Xing frowned.

"The meteorite we launched originally landed accurately in the direction of the Sun family villa. But for some reason... the meteorite was bounced back by a very strong force! Now the Sky Eye shows that the meteorite is returning to the sending address..."

"Return to shipping address?"

"It's coming in our direction..."

"Don't panic!"

Fan Xing reassured: "Xinxing Apartment is explosion-proof and earthquake-proof!"

The technician wiped his sweat.

It's true that it's explosion-proof and earthquake-proof...but it doesn't seem to say anything about meteorite-proof!

At this moment, the thing that worries everyone the most happened!

The apartment building's "emergency evacuation system" alarm has sounded!

The power of the meteorite is too great. With the explosion-proof level of the apartment, it is impossible to withstand it!

Fan Xing was stunned for a few seconds.

Then, the ceiling on the top of the apartment building automatically opened.

Accompanied by the sound of a series of springs firing.

Fan Xing followed all the employees around him and was ejected directly from the apartment. He carried out emergency evacuation.

The incident happened suddenly. They were ejected very high, thousands of meters above the ground...

Fan Xing is flying in the air with everyone around him.

At this moment, he finally couldn't help but curse.

Only then did Fan Xing discover that Shou Chong's "Emergency Evacuation System"... was only responsible for launching, not landing!

(I have something to do at home today. The update is a bit late. There will be a second update about 8 o'clock)





Chapter 1413 Death Heavenly Dao's blood lock


If you can access the Internet now, Fan Xing would like to post a post asking how to ensure that he survives a rapid fall from a height of several thousand meters when he only has two fireball talismans.

But it is a pity that Fan Xing seems to have no chance to regret now...

So that night, a meteorite fell into Xinxing Apartment, causing the entire apartment building to be destroyed. News that the owner of the apartment building ejected and fled with his employees in an emergency spread throughout the Internet.

The miraculous operation of just launching and not landing immediately aroused new public opinion.

As the saying goes, when Brother Hei smiles, life or death is unpredictable.

Created by Brother Chong. It ascends to the sky and explodes.

Designer of apartment building. "Shou Chong" is popular...

In this accident, only Fan Xing survived.

He used the last two fireball talismans on his body to impact the ground the moment he landed, forming a reverse propulsion force for buffering.

This action saved Fan Xing's life. Although he did not die, in the eyes of outsiders, this state would be better than death...

"Why is it him again..."

When the ambulance from the First Military Medical Hospital of Songhai City arrived at the scene, the emergency doctor saw the dying young man lying on the ground in front of him. He couldn't help but look in shock.

He was deeply impressed by Fan Xing. After all, not all men have the experience of having their ribs pierced through their balls...

Fan Xing recovered and was discharged from the hospital two days ago. The emergency doctor also paid special attention to it. He thought it was a miracle in the history of medicine.

And this kind of miracle should be unlikely to happen again...

But now. The emergency doctor decided to take back his words.

Using portable scanning tools, emergency doctors began preliminary identification and treatment of Fan Xing.

The situation is very not optimistic.

The last time the procedure was performed, it was just a comminuted fracture of the skull.

And now, apart from the head, the whole body has slime-like fractures...

The so-called slime fracture means that it is more exaggerated than a comminuted fracture. Almost all the bones in his body were crushed into powder... The whole person was like a puddle of slime.

"Slime fractures all over the body. Cases like this are rare." One of the accompanying medical staff sighed.

"To be honest, with such an injury, it would be better to be beaten into ashes. It might be easier to bear. If the force is strong enough to shoot someone into ashes, the person who is beaten into ashes will not feel any pain..."

So, Fan Xing's current situation is actually slightly better than turning it into ashes.

Might as well die.

Even if he can be rescued, he is destined to be tortured.

In fact, it's not just a matter of bones.

After the emergency doctor checked, he found that Fan Xing's organs were severely damaged: "The organs were ruptured. There was massive bleeding in the body. The egg slurry and blood were fused together..."

With such serious injuries, he could basically be declared dead under normal circumstances.

But what the emergency doctors couldn't believe was that Fan Xing was still breathing...

Everything is the same as last time.

The injury is obviously serious!

But Fan Xing just kept talking...

"This vitality is so tenacious!" the emergency doctor sighed.

Although Fan Xing's injuries were serious, his heart rate was actually stable.

What a hell!

He spat secretly.

Blood-locking plug-ins are not that outrageous!

Fan Xing certainly doesn't have the ability to "lock blood."

This is just a continuation of the curse that Death Heavenly Dao left for Fan Xing last time...

As long as Fan Xing has evil thoughts about Sun Rong.

The curse of "Death is coming" will always exist.

And because Fan Xing will put all the resentment on "Sun Rong."

Ever since. The curse of Death Heavenly Dao has become a kind of perpetual motion.

So in fact. Even if Sun Rong did not send out the split body Aohai.

Fan Xing will end miserably in the end...

"How about it? Do you want to take it back... I don't think it can be cured if you take it back."

"This brother was also in our hospital before. He directly charged 200 million into our account. So you don't have to worry about the medical expenses." The emergency doctor said: "Besides, we are doctors. Since we are doctors, it is our bounden duty to save people's lives. No matter how difficult this person is to save...so...carry him away!"

He greeted the medical staff around him.

This is his second time saving Fan Xing.

Faced with the man's tenacious vitality, all the accompanying doctors were moved...

...

On the other side, in the secret realm of the universe of the Ageless Star, the girl successfully replaced the fourth Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube. At the same time, she integrated the fourth old Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube into Aohai.

At this point. Aohai has become a quad-core spiritual sword.

The Ageless Star is a beautiful place. The temperature is pleasant, and the seven-colored clouds in the sky are as gorgeous as the Northern Lights. This is the legendary Peach Blossom Land in the secret realm of the universe. It is a secret place that is very suitable for vacation.

Sun Ying'er is holding a cotton-like snow-white creature. This is an immortal star. A creature with a soft body like cotton wool. It is said that each immortal star has a life span of tens of thousands of years... They seem to be able to survive here. Eternal life. Never grow old.

"What a magical place."Sun Rong sighed.

If it weren't for the task of collecting the Rubik's Cube, she might never have known that such a beautiful resort existed in the universe...

"Eternal Star was originally a place suitable for human habitation. However, it was also transformed by Dao Ancestor Wang. It was used for his own vacation." Er Ha said.

The Eternal Stars are very amiable. They have lived here for generations without fighting against the world.

No one has ever seen an immortal star angry.

Because of this, the Ageless Star is also called the "Honest Star."

This alias was given by Dao Ancestor Wang. Er Ha felt that this alias might have a purpose.

After all, sometimes, once an honest person is angered, it will be a terrible thing.

I'm afraid it might cause a catastrophe...

But fortunately, regarding the replacement of the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube, the Eternal Stars are generally quite cooperative.

They can't speak. They all use their mind to convey information.

Guided Sun Rong and others along the way. They successfully completed the task of replacing the Rubik's Cube.

Quad-core Aohai. Even more powerful.

This powerful power is now in the hands of a girl in the Foundation Building stage. No one else may be able to imagine it.

"Rongrong. You are going to be invincible!" Sun Ying'er chuckled.

However, the girl's expression did not look as relaxed as expected: "I feel that everything seems to be going too smoothly..."

She was worried that something would happen next.

Although there are no mistakes in the task of replacing the Rubik's Cube.

But that faint feeling of worry always lingered in the girl's heart.

"I feel like you are thinking too much, Rongrong. Even if something happens, Ling Zhenren will still be there to hold up the sky if it falls."

Sun Ying'er comforted: "Tomorrow is the Sword Conference. I think you should think about how to perform better in the Sword Conference! I will practice sword practice with you tonight! I will teach you a new sword technique! I guarantee a sure win. !"

"New swordsmanship?"

"This is the inspiration I found from the {dog beating stick method} in martial arts novels. It's called the Whirlwind Dog Sword!"

Er Ha: "?"





Chapter 1414 60th grade transfer period


This {Whirlwind Dog Sword} is not something Sun Ying'er just talked about. Instead, there is this sword technique. It is a technique independently created and developed by Sun Ying'er.

The advantage is that the attack speed is extremely fast. It is said that the only martial arts in the world is fast. Once the {Whirlwind Dog Sword} is used, the speed of the sword will continue to increase as time goes by.

If you can practice this sword technique to the state of Dzogchen, you can stab eighty swords in one second!

And it is also very effective for women to guard against wolves. Because this sword technique specializes in the lower three paths...

Because at the beginning, Sun Ying'er developed this sword technique to use it against Wang Ying.

But later Sun Ying'er discovered that not only would her Shadow ability be greatly reduced in front of Wang Ying, but she would also be forced into a disarmed state...

snort!

This damn gorilla!

However, since all the swordsmanship has been developed, Sun Ying'er feels that it is a pity to waste it like this.

"How's it going, Rongrong? You want to learn it or not! If you want to learn it, I'll teach you!" Sun Ying'er is very much looking forward to how Sun Rong will perform it in front of everyone after learning it.

"But you haven't said yet. What are the shortcomings..." Sun Rong hesitated.

She had no doubt about the lethality and destructive power of this swordsmanship. But the name didn't sound pretty at all. It was too crazy...it didn't suit her quiet and pretty girl style.

"The shortcomings cannot be said to be big. They cannot be said to be small."

Sun Ying'er said: "Once you start using this sword technique, you can't stop it. You can't stop until you chop the opponent into pieces. Otherwise, you will go crazy."

"Chopped..."

"The Whirlwind Chopping Dog Sword is just like a soymilk machine when it rotates. It attacks the lower three lanes first and beats it into egg slurry. Then due to the high attack speed, it rubs and heats in the air. It will eventually turn into egg tarts!"

Sun Rong: "?"

So that night, after Sun Rong returned home, Sun Ying'er was captured again by Wang Ying overnight.

He didn't know if Wang Ying was chopped into egg tarts.

I'm afraid Sun Ying'er won't be able to get this waist tomorrow...

...

Wednesday, December 9th.

In the morning, Wang Ying hasn't let Sun Ying'er come back yet. Sun Rong placed incense sticks on Sun Ying'er on the balcony. He returned to the desk and picked up the list of transfer students that Principal Chen gave him. He planned to go there. Take a good look at it on the way home from school.

The first one on the previous list was Jiang Yingying. This suddenly made Sun Rong a little upset. As a result, she had not fully understood the information about other transfer students.

When she went out, Jiang Xiaoche was already waiting for her at the door in her low-key black business car.

"Good morning, Brother Xiaoche!" Sun Rong greeted. He opened the door and sat in the back seat.

Her eyes happened to glance at the rearview mirror in front. She saw Jiang Xiaoche's listless face and a pair of deep dark circles under his eyes.

"How do you feel that you didn't sleep well? Are you working overtime again?" Sun Rong asked. In her impression, Jiang Xiaoche rarely seemed to be so depressed.

Jiang Xiaoche drove the car. He didn't know whether he should say these words to Sun Rong. But now he was feeling depressed and uncomfortable. He couldn't help but pour out his bitterness: "I seem to like it. Fucked a girl. Just..."

"Brother Xiaoche's offer, ordinary girls wouldn't refuse, right? Unless the girl that Brother Xiaoche likes is not an ordinary person." Sun Rong analyzed: "Otherwise..."

"What is it?" Jiang Xiaoche wondered.

Sun Rong looked at Jiang Xiaoche seriously: "Brother Xiaoche. Could it be that the person you like is someone under 14 years old..."

She recently watched a lawyer named Bao sexually assault his adopted daughter, and he kept saying that he was actually dating his adopted daughter... Such a shameless person made Sun Rong disgusted.

That's why I have so many thoughts right now...

"How can I be such a beast!" Jiang Xiaoche's mouth twitched: "But that girl is indeed a female high school student... I have thought about it carefully in the past two days. I found that I really like her! I can wait. !"

"Do you have that girl's contact information?"

"Yes... WeChat has it. I disabled hundreds of accounts last night. None of them have been added."

"..." Sun Rong's mouth twitched.

After all, the person he was dating was a female high school student. It would be strange if Jiang Xiaoche still used the social way of communication and was not rejected!

"I think it's better for you, Brother Xiaoche, not to harass others for the time being... What if that girl goes to the police? In the end, the police find you. What should you do if your grandpa finds out..." Sun Rong kindly reminded .

"That's what the lady said. I will pay attention." Jiang Xiaoche held the steering wheel, regained his composure, and nodded.

Sun Rong sighed silently.

After all, Jiang Xiaoche has watched her grow up since she was a child. The girl is not worried that Jiang Xiaoche has any particularly bad intentions. It's just that sometimes she acts naively...

In the memory of Sun Rong, Mr. Boss Sun seems to attribute Jiang Xiaoche to "intermittent Tiehanhan syndrome."

In other words, Jiang Xiaoche is usually quite smart.

But once he encounters something that makes him entangled, he will do some stupid things...

The car was halfway on the road. Jiang Xiaoche found that Sun Rong was looking at a roster very seriously. He couldn't help but feel curious: "What are you looking at, Miss?"

"The roster of new transfer students. Principal Chen assigned me a task. He asked me to lead them to familiarize themselves with the campus environment." Sun Rong replied while looking at the roster intently.

She has memorized most of the above information about new transfer students.

What surprised Sun Rong was that there was actually a foreign transfer student in the list of transfer students this time.

This is a girl from Sun Island. Her name is Jiugong Liangzi. According to the information, Jiugong's Mandarin is very poor. She is still in the learning stage.

Number 60 High School is finally in line with international standards...

Sun Rong smiled bitterly in his heart.

As the car approached the entrance of Number 60 High School, the girl finally had the last page left on the roster.

Sun Rong turned the page. I was shocked to find that the information on the last page did not belong to the student.

"It's the new teacher's information!" Sun Rong's pupils shrank slightly.

Logically speaking, the student union should not be able to control the new teacher's information. That is a matter for the Human Resources Department... so the girl judged that there was a high probability that Principal Chen made a mistake when sorting out the information.

With curiosity. Sun Rong began to carefully study the above information.

Then I discovered that there were five new teachers in total.

And one of them is the newly appointed vice principal and concurrently works as a mathematics teacher.

It's just that the vice principal's name is a bit strange.

Actually called Huo Ding...

--etc!

Huo...Ding?

Isn't this just the word "lamp?"

The girl suddenly thought of a familiar person...

Is it possible?

Is Senior Jin Deng the new vice principal and math teacher?

Office of Strategic Deception. Has it finally reached the point where it has fully penetrated Number 60 High School...





Chapter 1415 Jin Deng's 1st Lesson


This week is the transfer period for Number 60 High School. So the school will be particularly lively. As of next Monday, there may be new students joining Number 60 High School every day.

When Wang Ling came to school, several people who had already arrived were discussing this matter.

As expected by Wang Ling. Among the transfer students this time, the foreigner attracted much attention.

Several boys in the class were having a lively discussion. They were all imagining what kind of person that girl from abroad was.

"I didn't expect that our school was promoted to a key city center in just half a semester. Now it is famous abroad. Even foreigners are interested."

"I heard there is a foreign girl named Jiugong Liangzi! I don't know which class she will be assigned to!"

Sun Rong did not leak the list. However, the learning of "Jiugong Liangzi" has spread throughout the school. This makes Wang Ling feel a little strange.

Logically speaking, it is impossible for a teacher to leak information about students in advance. And this list is in the hands of Sun Rong himself as the president of the student union.

Sun Rong himself didn't tell anyone. Then who leaked this name?

Therefore, after comprehensive consideration, Wang Ling feels that there may be only one truth to the problem...

Unless it is the news released by Jiugong Liangzi himself in advance.

It seems that this girl is not a good person...

Wang Ling sighed in his heart.

He had no impression of Sun Island, because he had indeed fought against the ninja-type cultivators unearthed there before.

It is a magical place that is good at combining ninjutsu and cultivation.

Of course. Not all people from there are assassins... There are also kind-hearted native residents of the Sun Island.

As for students like Jiugong Liangzi who choose to study abroad, their families are very well-off. However, there is a high probability that they are still not as good as Sun Rong's family...

"Where did you get the news?" Su Xiao asked while collecting her homework.

Everyone is very curious about this classmate "Jiugong Liangzi" who came all the way from abroad.

"Everyone is spreading the word on the school forum," Guo Hao said: "I heard that this classmate Jiugong Liangzi is very beautiful. He is a beauty! And the Jiugong family is also quite famous in the local area as a family that removes spirits."

"Removing spirits?"Wang Ling was startled.

In fact, the concept of "exorcism" is not new in Huaxiu. Those so-called "exorcism agencies" essentially do the work of exorcism.

It's just that the names vary from place to place.

For example, Sun Island. People there prefer to call this behavior "removing spirits."

As for the concept of "spirit", Wang Ling is not too unfamiliar... After all, when he was very young, "Er Ha" was also the shadow of his childhood.

And just last semester, in order to find Bai Qiao, he also participated in an exorcism conference.

To be honest, those spirits and ghosts are too weak. There is no real challenge at all.

And Wang Ling has rarely had the experience of being harassed by "spirits" since he was a child.

Because the spirits that harassed him were all overtaken by the backlash...

But even so.

The exorcism (spiritual removal) industry still has great development prospects.

In essence, it seems that any cultivator with good moral practice can engage in this profession. If it is not enough, if it is due to lack of experience, even a cultivator with advanced spiritual practice is very likely to fall into the trap.

Those ghosts and ghosts are all very cunning. In comparison, in Wang Ling's view, those demons in the demon world are simpler...

Therefore, there has been a saying on the Internet that "catching ghosts is more difficult than catching monsters."

It is precisely because of this that a group of cultivators who slay demons and spirits and a group of cultivators who hunt demons have formed a chain of contempt for a while. Each group looks down on the other.

If it weren't for the fact that the demon world and the human world are currently rebuilding old friendships, they would be planning to take the path of peaceful development.

The two groups may still fight.

The Jiugong family chose to send Jiugong Liangzi to study in Huaxiu this time.

Wang Ling speculates that perhaps the Jiugong family's true purpose is to use Jiugong Liangzi to open up the Jiugong family's exorcism market in Huaxiu?

Of course. This is just the analysis of Wang Ling.

Before meeting this Jiugong Liangzi, everything is unknown.

Wang Ling hope. This girl had better not be assigned to the same class as me...

...

The first class this morning was a math class. However, Teacher Pan entered the classroom ten minutes before class: "Dear students, starting from today, our class will have a new math teacher. Teacher Huo. At the same time, Teacher Huo is also the new vice principal of our Number 60 High School. Everyone welcomes him with applause!"

After a burst of fierce applause, a handsome young man wearing a suit and thick hair stepped into the classroom.

Wang Ling almost choked on her saliva when she saw this familiar face...

Zhenyuan and Gu Shunzhi were also stunned.

"What is going on?" Zhenyuan asked Gu Shunzhi via message.

"I think I heard before that senior Jin Deng wanted to come to Number 60 High School. But I didn't expect that he would come directly to be the leader." Gu Shunzhi smiled bitterly.

At this moment, Jin Deng glanced around and used his peripheral vision to secretly communicate with Wang Ling.

As if saying to Wang Ling: Ling Zhenren! Surprise, not surprise. Unexpected, not unexpected! Stinging, not exciting!

It made Wang Ling want to flip the table on the spot...

God knows why a monk who couldn't even figure out functions would come to Number 60 High School to be the vice principal and also work part-time as his math teacher! --This is unscientific!

And what makes Wang Ling want to complain even more is Monk Jin Deng's lush hair...

This is real hair.

Through King's Eyes. Wang Ling can be clearly seen. Monk Jin Deng's hair grows from the ring scars on the top of his head... This operation is really too magical. Wang Ling was removed on the spot. Stare blankly.

"Hello, fellow students. The poor Taoist's name is Huo Ding." The monk said amiably.

Wang Ling could hear it. Due to professional habits, he wanted to say "poor monk." But fortunately, his mind came back in time. He didn't overturn the situation directly because of the opening remarks.

When applying for the job, Monk Jin Deng used his experience as a "Taoist priest" in one of his lifetimes to successfully disguise his identity.

As for certificates and so on, just leave them all to the Office of Strategic Deception. And as for the issue of obtaining the teacher qualification certificate, there is also Zhuo Yi. It is not a problem to get the certificate in minutes.

"Today is the first time that Teacher Huo Ding teaches you. Teacher Huo Ding is a very powerful practitioner. I hope that if you have any problems, you can avoid arrogance and impetuosity. Seize the opportunity! Concentrate on class. Don't be distracted!"

After saying that, Teacher Pan glared at Wang Ling: "Wang Ling! It's you I'm talking about! I knew just now in the corridor that you were absent from your self-study studies!"

Wang Ling: "?"

This situation is like the first day of school at Number 60 High School.

Teacher Pan left a few words of awe and left...

After everyone watched Teacher Pan find a devil and leave, Monk Jin Deng's face suddenly became tense.

Because he saw that Chen Chao's body seemed to be emitting light...

"Chen Chao. How do I feel? Your whole body seems to be shining?"

Someone rubbed his eyes and thought he had seen it wrong.

"Could it be that because of my arrival, the {old version of the Consecration Technique} that was planted before resonated?"

The monk never expected that something unexpected would happen in his first class.

Sun Rong was also blessed by his body not long ago. However, he was using a new version of the blessing technique at that time. The bug of resonance luminescence has long been fixed.

At this time, the monk secretly thought that something was wrong.

Without saying a word, he hurriedly walked towards Chen Chao.

There is no other way now.

The monk can only use the new version of the consecration technique. Replace the old version...





Chapter 1416 The new school guard captain


There is no doubt that with the new version of the Consecration Technique covering Chen Chao's body again, Chen Chao's Consecration Mouth has been strengthened again...

From now on Wang Ling feels that he should be more wary of Chen Chao. This guy's mouth is too scary. It's hard to overstate how easy it is with his words.

It is simply a walking poisonous milk.

However, this only works when Chen Chao says it unconsciously. You cannot judge something with a utilitarian mind. Otherwise, it will become inaccurate.

Wang Ling feels that Chen Chao was strengthened today. Maybe it will become a foreshadowing in the future...

Now Number 60 High School has a gathering of big shots. It would be an understatement to call it the Office of Strategic Deception.

In fact, there is another thing that is beyond Wang Ling's expectation...

That is, death Heavenly Dao has actually come to him.

He is a Death Heavenly Dao, he knows nothing about Heavenly Dao, how dare he sit beside Ling Zhenren and show off his skills.

But Death Heavenly Dao is very timid.

It's a bit embarrassing to say.

Because he is afraid of death. He dare not get too close to Wang Ling...

This psychological shadow has been left since the last time Wang Ling took Jingke and put the sword on his neck to question him.

He is a Death Heavenly Dao. Heavenly Dao who knows farts. How dare he sit next to Ling Zhenren and do whatever he wants.

Just the thought of studying in the same class as Wang Ling. Death Heavenly Dao trembles.

However, the Heavenly Court gang pushed him out into the 60th. The mission must continue.

So Heavenly Dao thought of the next best thing.

The monk finished his morning class and returned to the independent vice-principal's office.

He feels that his math class is pretty good.

At first he didn't even understand what a function was. But now it's no longer a problem.

Although it takes a long time to study...

Of course. The main time-consuming part is overcoming fear.

The Wang Ling memory brick put too much mental pressure on him. It took the monk three full days to come back to his senses.

In fact, to this day, he still has a slight psychological shadow in his heart.

But there is a saying that "If I don't go to hell, who will go to hell." Monk Jin Deng finally fully displayed his spirit as a monk... In the end, it took another 3 hours to study all the mathematics from college to college. question.

He dare not say that his learning ability is very strong. At least compared to Wang Ling, it is definitely insufficient.

Monks should be humble. They must still have many shortcomings.

He finished studying mathematics in 3 hours. This time was really too long... He needed to reflect.

Back in the office, the monk put down the lesson plan in his hand and was about to make a cup of tea.

At this time, there was a knock on the door of the office. A young man wearing overalls walked in: "Hello. I'm here to apply for the security department. I heard that you are still short of a school guard captain..."

It turns out that the school guard of Number 60 High School is Old Man Li. But Old Man Li is older now. Principal Chen decided to let Old Man Li retire after the new school guard captain is found and the handover of tasks is completed, so that he can enjoy his old age.

So now, people are coming to apply for positions.

The monk felt that the young man's breath was a bit familiar. When he turned around, he saw that the person who came was none other than Death. Heavenly Dao said: "Is that you?"

"It's me..." Death Heavenly Dao's mouth twitched.

At the same time, the monk fell silent.

Heavenly Dao holds the door...

This incident can be said to have witnessed history again!

Simply unprecedented...

"Aren't you here to study?" the monk laughed.

"I don't dare..." Death Heavenly Dao sighed: "I think this position is actually quite suitable for me. If anyone tries to do something wrong, I will take him away directly."

"..." The monk was silent and replied, "But you should go to the human resources department. This matter is not my responsibility."

"There are a lot of people applying for jobs now. Can't we go through the back door?" Death Heavenly Dao said.

Considering that Heavenly Dao also wanted to save face, after Heavenly Dao finished speaking, he closed the door of the office.

Then with a bang, he suddenly knelt down and hugged the monk's thigh: "Senior Jin Deng! Save the child..."

"Let go first..."

The monk sighed: "Actually, I think Ling Zhenren is quite cute. He's not that scary. Besides, you made a great contribution in rescuing Miss Sun. Ling Zhenren will never do anything to you."

Death Heavenly Dao knelt on the ground with his hands on his thighs: "But I never have the courage."

"That's alright. You get up first. It's about the captain of the school guard. Let's find a way..." Jin Deng helped Heavenly Dao up.

Since Wang Ling appeared, the entire Heavenly Dao has become humble...

Although Heavenly Dao began to become smoother, it seemed to have lost its original momentum.

The monk doesn't know whether this is a good thing.

He felt that this was actually caused by Heavenly Dao people not having a good understanding of Wang Ling.

Ling Zhenren. How cute!

When I eat the crispy noodles, my cheeks bulge like a cute little hamster!

There is nothing to be afraid of.

...

It's lunch time at Number 60 High School.

Starting from this semester, Number 60 High School's meal placement mechanism will be cancelled. Lunch boxes will no longer be prepared in the cafeteria and delivered to the door of the classroom. All students must walk to the cafeteria to eat. There will no longer be any additional special services for the elite version.

Wang Ling After hearing that, Principal Chen also planned to improve the school uniforms. Let all Number 60 High School students wear uniforms with the word "fine"...

Number 60 High School. Everyone is an elite!

Although there are elite classes, the elite class means the elite among the elite.

So even if they are students in ordinary classes or hard-working classes, as long as they are students in Number 60 High School, they are also elites!

Eliminate differential treatment. This is actually a sign of progress.

Wang Ling thinks Principal Chen is a man with great vision.

As a teacher, you should treat all students equally.

The meal prepared by Mother Juan at noon today consists of sweet and sour pork, salt and pepper ribs, seaweed and egg soup, steamed okra, and stir-fried vegetables. The nutritional mix is quite balanced.

In addition, there is a new dish invented by Mother Juan {Black Fungus Stewed with Fat Seafood}.

Students can choose to taste...

Wang Ling took the meal and chose a corner seat to sit down.

There were too many people in the cafeteria. He actually didn't want to come to a crowded place to eat. He planned to just pick up a couple of people for a formality, and then leave directly.

Then Chen Chao and Guo Hao also came over with plates. They sat down next to Wang Ling comfortably.

Being able to eat with familiar people finally comforted Wang Ling's mood a little.

The seat in the corner is for four people. After Guo Hao and Chen Chao took their seats, there was only one seat left.

"Why didn't Sun Rong come?" Chen Chao asked.

He put his legs across the empty chair next to him, intending to occupy a seat for Sun Rong.

"She doesn't come here to eat. It's prone to stampede accidents." Guo Hao said, "So classmate Sun Rong's meals are the same as those of the teacher. They are delivered directly to the office."

"Office?"

"It's the student union office. She eats there," Guo Hao said.

"Classmate Wang Ling. Can I sit here?" At this time, a sweet female voice came.

Wang Ling, Chen Chao, Guo Hao raised his head. Surprised, in front of him was a girl who looked somewhat similar to Sun Rong...

And this girl is not wearing the Number 60 High School uniform. She is wearing casual clothes.

She wore a casual white off-shoulder short-sleeved upper body and a denim skirt on the lower body. Chen Chao and Guo Hao were shocked on the spot.

On a scale of 10 points, this leg...is definitely worth 9 points!

"Please sit down!" Chen Chao quickly moved his legs away.

"..." Wang Ling.

At this time, this strange girl took the initiative to reach out to Wang Ling: "Hello classmate Wang Ling. I am a new transfer from Jian Shen College. I came to the school to register today. I will officially report tomorrow. My name is Jiang Yingying."





Chapter 1417 Thank you from Wang Ling


Wang Ling deeply despises Chen Chao for his obscene behavior.

However, Chen Chao soon lost his merit...

Jiang Yingying stretched out his hand to Wang Ling. He originally planned to shake hands with Wang Ling. Instead, his hand was grabbed by Chen Chao: "Jiang Yingying, right? Hello classmate Jiang. I am Chen Chao! Yes, I am. My classmate Wang Ling is the best buddy!"

Facing the familiar man in front of her, Jiang Yingying was a little disgusted at first. However, after hearing the words that Chen Chao is Wang Ling's "best buddy", she still suppressed the idea of throwing away her hand.

"It turns out to be classmate Chen Chao. I know you! Jiulongshan Taishu Competition. Your performance was outstanding." Jiang Yingying said with a smile.

This is of course a polite statement.

All her eyes were attracted by "A Grain of Ash in Time." In fact, she didn't remember Chen Chao's highlight performance at all.

However, before coming to Number 60 High School, Jiang Yingying did her homework as much as possible.

It's just that Chen Chao is Wang Ling's best buddy.

It was her negligence.

It must be recorded when you look back.

This will help Jiang Yingying find out other information about Wang Ling.

Wang Ling sighed inwardly.

A beautiful transfer student suddenly came over to chat during lunch time...

Sure enough, it's still too eye-catching.

He was thinking, maybe he should bring his own lunch box to school in the future.

No need for rice.

This bento. Wang Ling can make it by yourself.

Braised crispy noodles, crispy crispy noodles, crispy noodles in soup...

Just open the bags and pack them separately. Very convenient.

In fact. Wang Ling himself is also very confused.

He is already so low-key. And he also deliberately made his face into a "public face" that he "thinks" he is not particularly handsome.

But why can I still attract girls...

Could it be that the strange DNA of the Old Wang family is really causing trouble?

So. Facing Jiang Yingying in front of me.

Wang Ling really want to reply: What do you like about me? Can't I change it?

However, there are so many people in front of me. Wang Ling cannot say anything at all.

When most people in the cafeteria are single.

Wang LingThis sentence is nothing more than adding fuel to the fire.

If Wang Ling really said it.

In the eyes of many boys, this is nothing more than an act of being good to get something cheap.

"Wang Ling in our family doesn't like to talk. He just looks like this. I wonder what happened to my classmate Jiang?" Chen Chao expressed his enthusiasm.

Although it was his first time to meet Jiang Yingying, his first impression on him was very good.

"Actually, it's nothing."

Jiang Yingying smiled. Her eyes stared at Wang Ling: "I am a fan of my classmate Wang Ling. The essay in the Jiulong Mountain Physical Martial Arts Competition really opened my eyes!"

It's okay not to say this. As soon as Wang Ling said it, he understood everything...

Wipe! So this girl is apart of the "Crispy Noodle" pot!

Wang Ling lowered his head and pretended to eat. The other hand reached under the table to make calculations.

I quickly understood the ins and outs of everything.

And the real purpose of Jiang Yingying transferring to Number 60 High School.

For Wang Ling.

Asking for advice does not exist.

fall in love...

It's even more impossible.

Wang Ling feels that this girl Jiang Yingying's intentions are in the wrong place.

Let's take a step back 10,000 steps.

Even if you are in love...

That must also be in accordance with the Basic Law.

There is no one who has just transferred to another school and rushes to get a position.

"The food in the cafeteria of Number 60 High School is not bad. The sweet and sour pork today was very good! Wang Ling Do you also like eating meat?" Jiang Yingying had just sat down for a few seconds and was ready to start looking for topics.

As the saying goes, "Sima Zhao's heart is well known to all."

Anyone who is not a fool can see Jiang Yingying's intentions.

Chen Chao felt sour again.

I don't understand what's so good about Wang Ling...

Why are all the girls willing to hang around him?

Can't you think about him?

And faced with the problem of Jiang Yingying.

Wang Ling continued to remain silent.

He looks calm on the outside but panics inside...

As good brothers, Chen Chao and Guo Hao read Wang Ling's helpless eyes.

"I'll tell you, Ms. Jiang, that's the way the Wang Ling is. Don't be offended! Are you from Jian Shen Academy? I actually want to ask you, what happened to your captain Yi Zhiyang? " Chen Chao tried to intervene to change the subject.

However, Jiang Yingying could only see Wang Ling: "Wang Ling. Can you still eat it? I haven't touched the meat. I still have it here!"

The so-called eating without talking or sleeping without talking.

A man who doesn't speak and keeps his head buried in his food. He's so handsome!

Jiang Yingying was full of joy.

Not angry because Wang Ling didn't answer her question and remained silent.

On the contrary. She thinks Wang Ling is a dedicated boy!

"..."

Wang Ling read Jiang Yingying's inner thoughts. I was so shocked that I almost dropped my chopsticks.

Who will save him...

...

On the other side. In the student union office. Sun Rong is enjoying his lunch.

She actually wanted to go to the cafeteria to eat with Wang Ling.

But because it is too easy to cause commotion. For the sake of safety and order, there is no way around it.

"Sun Rong!Sun Rong!"

At this time, a very urgent voice came from outside the office door.

Sun Rong raised his head. He saw Li Youyue from Class 2 rushing over with a hurried look on her face: "Something bad is going to happen!"

Li Youyue slapped Sun Rong's desk with a big slap. The bowl of soup on the table shook and turned upside down.

"What's the matter? Speak slowly." Sun Rong took out two pieces of paper and wiped the soup flowing on the table..

Li Youyue exclaimed: "Your Wang Ling husband is going to be snatched away by someone else!"

"You...don't talk nonsense..." The girl suddenly blushed.

"Hey! Last time I helped you to make love bento, I thought that you two could make it! In the end, I found out that you two are so slow..." Li Youyue revealed a disappointed expression, she spread her hands and sat down: "Classmate Wang Ling is just a wooden head, and you're not. Directly grab him and throgh him against the wall, it's not over!"

"You haven't told me yet. What do you mean by what you just said? What do you mean, being snatched away by others?" Sun Rong was puzzled. He was so calm that he picked up the soup bowl and took a sip of soup. At the same time, he was thoughtful.

In fact, she probably knew what happened.

But the more times this happens, the less likely I am to show panic.

Otherwise, wouldn't it be a joke to others?

"He's a transfer student! His name is Jiang Yingying! He came to the school to register today. He's eating with Wang Ling in the cafeteria right now!" Li Youyue said.

As a good best friend, of course she has to be outspoken.

"It's just eating. It's okay. Can classmate Wang Ling still ignore her?" Sun Rong said with a calm smile.

"You are so calm..." Li Youyue felt a little incredible.

She originally wanted to observe the girl's anxious reaction. As a result, the girl's calm attitude in the face of danger was far beyond her expectation.

I saw Sun Rong taking out his mobile phone. It seemed that he had sent a message somewhere.

Then he started eating his meal calmly.

Li Youyue didn't understand what Sun Rong did. Under the girl's gaze, she walked to the window of the student union office. Then she saw Jiang Yingying walking out of the cafeteria with a panicked look on his face.

"What did you do?" Li Youyue felt a little incredible.

"Do you know Gray Cult?" Sun Rong asked calmly while holding vegetables.

"Gray Cult? That newly established literary exchange sect among students? It seems that they are all fans of Wang Ling's composition?" Li Youyue replied.

Gray Cult culture has become popular on the Internet recently. Although she is not a member of the sect, it is impossible that she has not heard of it.

"I just issued a decree to send her away." Sun Rong replied.

"Deree?"

"Of course. Because I am the leader."

Sun Rong answered calmly and with a smile.

"Why are you the leader..."

"Just give money. Isn't it easy to be a leader?" Sun Rong smiled.

In fact. This is the position of the leader of Gray Cult.

She had already won it during self-study in the morning.

She calculated that Jiang Yingying would most likely carry out such a surprise attack.

So I took precautions in advance.

I didn't expect it to come in handy...

bite!--

At this time, Sun Rong's phone suddenly vibrated.

She received a text message from Wang Ling: Thank you.

Although the content of the text message was as concise and concise as ever.

But the girl's inner joy is self-evident.

This is the first time Wang Ling. I took the initiative to send a text message to her...





Sun Rong and Wang Nuan} Extra 1


Foreword:

This article is part of Sun Rong and Wang Nuan}, one of the extra series of the {Immortal King's Daily Life} novel

Subsequent extras will be updated to the "WeChat public account (Kuxuanjun)" in succession

Limited extras for all Qidian.com character activities "The first chapter is free"

Note: The timeline of this article is: when Wang Nuan was 10 years old (third grade of primary school)

That is, the protagonists of the Immortal King feature film: Wang Ling, Sun Rong are 26 years old (based on the setting of the Immortal King's worldview university. They are still studying in university)

...

Extra Chapter 1: Problem Girl

Wuhuang District. Food Street.

At noon in early autumn, Sun Rong wore a mask and sunglasses and arrived at the appointed place.

The retro building in front of you looks like an ancient inn. It is the most famous soup dumpling restaurant on this food street.

Although adequate precautions had been taken, the girl's tall and graceful figure still attracted the attention of many people around her along the way.

"This girl must be a beauty! Look at me licking the screen from a distance! Suck it!"

"I give this leg ten points! Suck it!"

...

Ignoring the lewd looks from some passers-by, Sun Rong quickly searched with his spiritual sense after arriving at his destination.

Soon, she discovered the girl who was secretly observing her in the corner.

The girl wears a white shoulder-strap short-sleeved upper body, a short denim skirt and a pair of Crocs on the lower body.

"Sister Rongrong!"

Seeing that she was discovered, the girl immediately waved her hand.

Sun Rong stared at the girl in front of him. He sighed helplessly: "Ah Nuan. You are a girl. You should pay attention to your appearance when you go out. You can easily be targeted by bad guys."

"It's okay. Sister Rongrong." Wang Nuan smiled brightly, showing her cute little tiger teeth.

"no!"

Fortunately. She was prepared.

He immediately took out a thin pink jacket from the storage bag and helped the girl put it on.

"Hey, Sister Rongrong, is it necessary to be so exaggerated? Who can beat me except my brother?" Wang Nuan was never afraid of the girl's behavior.

But today she made a special appointment with Sun Rong here. In fact, she wanted to ask for something.

So I had to put on my coat obediently and obey the girl's instructions.

"I'm worried about the bad guys who are targeting you. What if you beat me to death?"

"You actually said the same thing as my brother!"

"It's only natural..."

Sun Rong shrugged helplessly. He sat down on an empty seat in front of Wang Nuan. Looking at the steaming soup bags and tea on the dining table, he couldn't help but smile: "Tell me. Ask me out specifically." What's the matter?"

Based on her understanding of Wang Nuan, she knew that there must be something fishy about being so courteous for nothing.

"Eh? Are you getting to the point so quickly...don't you ask about my brother?"

"Things should be settled one by one. It is impossible to repay a favor with information. I want to hear what you want to do with me this time. Then I will make a decision." Sun Rong smiled.

She has grown up watching Wang Nuan and knows the girl's personality well.

"Besides, if I want to know about your brother now, I don't necessarily need to know it from your mouth."

"Huh! Wang Ying, this traitor!" Wang Nuan frowned, and his sharp little tiger teeth showed their sharpness.

The intelligence source of Sun Rong was immediately deduced.

But it's a pity that she can't do anything about Wang Ying.

His brother Wang Ling is too powerful...far beyond Wang Nuan's imagination.

She is obviously the ancestor of Shadow. But in the end, that man can actually restrict her abilities.

Why!

I was born ten years late. I am really losing blood!

And Wang Nuan knows very well that such a gap cannot be made up in a short while.

"Actually, it's not a big deal to find Sister Rongrong today..." Wang Nuan said tentatively.

"Eh? You want my signature again?" Sun Rong subconsciously speculated.

Completely different from Wang Ling. Wang Nuan's study is actually very problematic...

It's not that Wang Nuan is stupid. It's that the little girl doesn't put her mind on studying at all.

No matter how smart a person is, if he has no intention to study, his grades will naturally not be very good.

So this imitation signature thing is actually not the first time Sun Rong has done it.

"A little more trouble..." Wang Nuan pinched his thumb and index finger.

"Teacher looking for parents?"

"No...it's a little more troublesome..." Wang Nuan revealed the answer: "It's actually a parent-teacher meeting!"

"Ah. Ah Nuan. Your request seems a bit troublesome..." Sun Rong said.

I was feeling a headache. I saw Wang Nuan take out his transcript.

Other subjects are not counted. The three subjects besides Chinese and Mathematics are added together. Wang Nuan's total score is exactly 60 points... Such an accurate combination of scores. In the eyes of Sun Rong, he is indeed a rare talent.

"Ah Nuan, back then, your brother was famous for being a great score suppressor. If you had paid more attention to your studies, you wouldn't have had to come to me." Sun Rong gazed at the report card and frowned, "Leng Ming and you grew up together, so it's perfectly fine for him to tutor you, right?"

"Studying is so boring! Where are the fun games!"

Wang Nuan showed his white teeth and smiled and said: "I don't want Leng Ming to teach me. He is dull and dull. Just like my brother. He wants to sleep after only a few minutes of listening."

"Then there are no girls in your class with good grades who can play with you?" Sun Rong asked again.

"I'm not interested in socializing with those girls, only Little Wei and I play the best!"

"Little Wei..."Sun Rong held his forehead again.

The Little Wei mentioned by Wang Nuan. His full name is Sun Wei. He is a little cousin of Sun Rong... who happens to be in the same school as Wang Nuan.

But it's a pity that Little Wei's results are not very good either...

The two girls were together. I guess I knew how much headache the head teacher was having.

"Sister Rongrong, I'll tell you quietly. Little Wei also found someone to go for her this time!" Wang Nuan chuckled.

"Who are you looking for?"Sun Rong was curious.

"I don't know yet. I'm not interested in learning more. It's better to play games! I've almost finished the new stand-alone game {The Only Koi in the World of Cultivation}!" Wang Nuan said happily.

She spent most of her energy on completing the clearance strategy with Bai Qiao.

The excitement of chasing the first place in the server is far greater than the excitement of being first in the exam.

"Actually, you just need to..." Sun Rong stared at Wang Nuan but hesitated to speak.

Although Wang Nuan's grades are indeed not good now, in fact, as long as the little girl sets her mind to study for half an hour, she will not be reduced to this situation.

Even Wang Nuan himself knows it very well. As long as you stay in front and cram for a while, it is absolutely no problem to get an 80 or 90% casually.

However, the little girl always has only one reason. She feels that studying is a waste of time.

This is obviously a wrong concept.

However, ten-year-old children are very playful. It is unrealistic to correct them in a short period of time. It requires long-term and patient guidance.

"Ah Nuan. It's not impossible for you to ask me to go, but you have to agree to one condition." Sun Rong calmed down. She put down the transcript in her hand and looked at the little girl in front of her seriously.

"Want information about my brother?"

Wang Nuan chuckled. His small mouth was like a machine gun and he started to reveal the news: "There are no suspicious girls around my brother recently! It's in the safe period! Sister Rongrong, don't worry! There was a girl who was pestering my brother before. I drove her away!" Speaking of this, the little girl put her hands on her hips and looked very proud.

"Who...who asked you this!" Sun Rong's face was hot. He was a little confused about whether to laugh or cry.

Mainly because Wang Nuan spoke very loudly, which attracted the attention of many strangers in the soup dumpling restaurant, making Sun Rong blush for a while.

"Eh? Isn't that the information?"

Wang Nuan touched his chin and thought carefully: "If Sister Rongrong has helped me so much this time, I think it should be worth 50 new pieces of information. When I finish collecting them all, I will compile it into a document and send it to Sister Rongrong!"

"What I want is not information..."

Sun Rong took a deep breath and looked at Wang Nuan: "If I go to the parent-teacher meeting for you, you have to promise me that I will at least pass the next exam! Otherwise, I won't help you again in the future. Busy!"

"OK!"

To Sun Rong's surprise, the little girl agreed immediately.

"I agreed quickly..."

Sun Rong sighed. He couldn't help but reach out and pinch Wang Nuan's soft face: "You are asking for trouble."

"It's okay! Is there more? My sister-in-law is here!"

"Who... who is your sister-in-law..."





Chapter 1418 A text message recorded in history


[Gray Cult decree: All teachers immediately rush to the designated Gray Cult cooperative cafe for important meeting discussions! No absence is allowed without necessary reasons! Otherwise, Gray Cult. will be expelled and regarded as a black fan of classmate Wang Ling!]

This is a text message posted by Sun Rong as a leader.

In fact, it's not a very important meeting. But everyone who attends the meeting can receive a red envelope reward... It's not too bad to say the least.

Giving out money is the most practical thing. This way it can be ensured that most of the grassroots in Gray Cult will not have any objections.

To a girl, money is like dung.

It would be very convenient if Wang Ling could be sent away by Jiang Yingying by distributing money.

Because there is no need to rack your brains to predict operations in advance. Calculate the opponent's action plan and formulate countermeasures...

But for Sun Rong, it doesn't matter if it's a little troublesome.

It's better than watching Wang Ling being harassed by other girls!

When Jiang Yingying received the fatwas, he hurried to the nearby cafe where he collaborated with Gray Cult. There were already Gray Cult clerks waiting there.

These officers are all volunteers. Some of them are not students in the school. They were all attracted by Wang Ling's composition and joined voluntarily.

Having these volunteers working in teaching is actually a good thing for some students who are busy with their studies. Volunteers can help with management.

"What important meeting did the leader announce?" Jiang Yingying hurried to the cafe. She saw many students from schools nearby. They all hurriedly ran out during their lunch break and gathered here.

"What's so important? Did classmate Wang Ling publish some new composition?"

There were both men and women among the people who came, but most of them were literature lovers.

"No. Actually, it's not that important." said a volunteer officer. He is actually the director of this cafe.

The curator had a smile on his face: "Actually, the new leader has come to give everyone benefits. After everyone signs in, they can come to me to receive a red envelope of 1,000 yuan as a creative fund."

"New leader?" Jiang Yingying looked puzzled. He seemed not to know about this yet.

"The handover of the new leader was completed in the morning. The old leader stepped back and became the deputy leader. He felt that the new leader was more qualified than him. He should be the one who can take the position! Moreover, the new leader has strong financial resources. It can also help Gray Cult develop better. "The curator said with a smile.

He spoke in favor of Sun Rong. Of course, he also received benefits.

This is the danger of a money-oriented society...

However, Jiang Yingying is still relatively simple. She doesn't understand why so many things happened when she came to Number 60 High School to register for school in the morning!

"Classmate Jiang. This is yours." The curator distributed the cash red envelopes and immediately registered Jiang Yingying's name.

It wasn't until she received the red envelope that Jiang Yingying realized that she seemed to have been fooled!

She had clearly been hooking up with her classmate Wang Ling in the cafeteria before.

As a result, I suddenly received an urgent message from the leader of Gray Cult...

In addition, the new leader was so generous. This almost reminded Jiang Yingying of the number one enemy she faced after she transferred to Number 60 High School this time!

Sun Rong!

The new leader. It must be her!

"Damn... what a cunning woman!" Jiang Yingying gritted her teeth in frustration.

She wanted to loudly denounce this blatant bribery in the cafe.

But when she saw everyone who received the red envelopes had a smiling expression on their face, the girl immediately understood... She was still too young.

All I can say is that he is worthy of being the future helmsman of the Huaguo Shuilian Group.

This method of winning people's hearts is indeed a clever one.

She doesn't have that much money. And Jiang Yingying is too embarrassed to ask her grandfather to help with such a thing.

So I had to find another way.

Jiang Yingying will never give up!

"Sun Rong. Let's see!" Jiang Yingying hummed in his heart.

Then. He put the red envelope back into his pocket...

...

On the other side. In the student union. It took Sun Rong a long time to calm down.

Wang Ling...actually sent her a text message...

This is the first time!

A first that can go down in history!

She was so happy. Her joy was beyond words. It made Sun Rong have to apply {cooling technique} on herself.

The more times this happens, the less likely we are to be dazzled by victory!

For Sun Rong, the battle now has just begun.

It will be a problem after Jiang Yingying officially enters the school tomorrow.

This is her number one concern.

In addition, the second biggest trouble is the girl from Sun Island. Jiugong Liangzi.

This person. Sun Rong is actually no stranger.

Because the Huaguo Shuilian Group actually has close business dealings with the Jiugong family.

Once at the company's annual meeting. The Jiugong family also sent Jiugong Liangzi to attend. I had a meeting with Sun Rong.

Sun Rong I didn't expect that the Jiugong family would make a decision this year. They sent Jiugong Liangzi to study in Huaxiu. And they also chose Number 60 High School...

Is this a coincidence?

Or is it that Jiugong Liangzi's goal from the beginning was for himself or someone from Number 60 High School?

...

On the way back from school. Sun Rong stared at the "thank you" message on her phone. She blushed all the way.

This text message was so precious. She had written it down in her "little notebook" to prevent it from being lost.

If mood can symbolize the weather, then Sun Rong behind the car is sunny. But Jiang Xiaoche driving in front is covered in rain...

This strong contrast made Sun Rong feel a little uncomfortable: "Brother Xiaoche hasn't adjusted yet?"

Jiang Xiaoche sighed: "I lost another 300 accounts..."

"I told you a long time ago. I have to change my method! Continuous harassment like this will definitely not work!" Sun Rong was in a good mood. He planned to try to give Jiang Xiaoche some advice: "Who is that girl?"

"Jiang Yingying..." Jiang Xiaoche muttered the name feebly.

"Jiang Yingying???"

Sun Rong thought he heard it wrong. He was stunned for a moment.

She was filled with surprise.

Could it be that this world is really that small...

"Brother XiaoChe ... I need to confirm, this girl's Jiang, is not the Jiang of ginger, and the Ying is the Ying of firefly1? Also, she has a short head of hair, has a kind of literary girl's breath, looks very quiet. And, and I also ... somewhat like?" Sun Rong asked tentatively.

1(Jiang Ying is "江莹英") "How did you know?"

Jiang Xiaoche looked at Sun Rong in surprise: "I also know. She is a student of Jian Shen College."

"It used to be. But maybe not now..." Sun Rong couldn't laugh or cry: "This girl Yingying has now transferred to our school. She even came to the school to register her student status information this morning."

"What a coincidence?" Jiang Xiaoche couldn't believe it: "And Jian Shen College is very good. Why would you want to transfer to Number 60 High School?"

"I guess. She probably likes classmate Wang Ling." Sun Rong replied.

"..."

Jiang Xiaoche felt that his mentality was completely broken.

How can it be repaired!

Why is it like this again? Dead fish eyes!





Chapter 1419 Before the Sword Conference


Sun Rong When he got home, he found Sun Ying'er lying on the bed as if he had lost his soul.

It looks like he must have fought the Master of Shadows for hundreds of rounds last night and was released not long ago...

"How are you?" Sun Rong walked over and gave Sun Ying'er a shot of {Waist Cooling Technique} on the waist.

This is a new spell that the girl developed on her own. It can cool down the waist joints when necessary, thereby reducing pain.

She discovered that {cooling technique} actually has many uses. Not only can it calm down the mind, but it can also be used as a stress remedy after some injuries and strains.

Even in a certain sense, {cooling technique} can significantly reduce the frequency of assaults on women at home and abroad.

And it turns out that Sun Rong is really far-sighted.

Because in the near future. {The "Cooling Technique" has really evolved into a new generation of anti-sexual techniques for women. And it's called "Ice Bird Technique!" It is said that the name was thought up by the person who developed {The Thunder Method - Thousand Birds}...

It can only be said that Chinese culture is broad and profound. They are both birds, but they have completely different meanings.

"Does it hurt?"

After Sun Rong finished applying the {cooling technique}, he gently massaged Sun Ying'er.

"Hey Rongrong! I'm all pretending! You must have been fooled!"

Unexpectedly, at this time, Sun Ying'er suddenly turned over and pushed Sun Rong onto the bed. She put her hands on both sides of Sun Rong's head and looked straight at Sun Rong.

The breath was so close that it could hit Sun Rong's cheek. The girl took a deep breath. The expression on her face was much calmer than Sun Ying'er imagined.

"Eh? You're actually immune? Shouldn't you be blushing under normal circumstances?"

Sun Ying'er said strangely. Then she nodded with satisfaction: "Ah! It's all my credit! It's worthy of me! Under my careful training, Rongrong's face has become thicker now! I chase Ling Zhenren for Rongrong. Buried The foreshadowing has been laid!"

"I discovered Ying'er. You just need to be dealt with... No wonder the Master of Shadows likes to bully you so much."

Sun Rong looked helplessly at the person in front of him: "There are important things today. It's the day of the Sword Conference. We can't delay. You start first. Be good."

"Okay Rongrong. You seem to be immune to ordinary teasing now. Now I must give you intensive training."

At this time, Sun Ying'er's eyes rolled around.

She made a fierce seal, turning herself into Wang Ling.

But the voice was still her own: "Come! Rongrong! Let's kiss!"

"Ying'er. You've gone too far!"

Sun Rong struggled to push Sun Ying'er away. Finally, his face couldn't help but start to get hot.

She thought she was used to it.

But God knows where this girl Sun Ying'er came from so many dramas...

"Do not make any random movements."

At this time, accompanied by a falling golden light, Er Ha's figure appeared in front of the two women.

When it landed. Er Ha brought Wang Ying's new rules.

It looked at the scene in front of it. It felt that the picture was too beautiful.

Sun Ying'er's {Shapeshifting} has not been lifted yet. She still has the face of Wang Ling. But she is still wearing Sun Ying'er's iconic black and white skirt...

The leader of his family was actually forced to dress up as a woman!

Although Er Ha also knows that everything is fake, why is it still so annoying to look at it?

I have to say, this Sun Ying'er is very courageous...

Seeing the arrival of Er Ha. Sun Rong seemed to have found a savior: "Has the Sword Conference started?"

Er Ha nodded: "Today is the group stage. We need to compete with the other 199 sword spirits in the king group. Break through the siege and become the first in the group."

"Let's go!"

Sun Rong called out Aohai. He held the spiritual sword tightly in his hand. His expression was solemn.

This time, Jiu You chose a relatively empty place for the group stage.

This is an abandoned ancient sword city. It is the old sword capital of the Sword King Realm. It was the center of the imperial capital thousands of years ago.

Because the location is too remote, the transportation of resources and the circulation of people are very inconvenient. The old Sword Capital was abandoned after the capital was moved and became an abandoned city.

Sun Rong, Er Ha came to the old sword capital. The walls of the old sword capital were much shorter than those of the new sword capital. Many places had collapsed and were dilapidated.

The stone city gate has long been damaged. It is just open.

The outlines of the old houses can be seen inside, but the wear and tear is very serious. Because after the old swords became deserted cities, they became a place for many sword spirits to have fights and became a pure natural training ground.

Just today. Because of the Sword Conference.

This ancient sword city from the old era has finally regained some of its former vitality.

The city was buzzing with people. It was very lively. The sword spirits participating in the competition and the sword spirits watching the melee all came.

"It feels so awesome. I didn't expect the scale this time to be so big!" In front of the ancient city. Sun Rong couldn't help but sigh.

The girl didn't know all this. It was all organized by Jiu You and the sword spirits under his command. Yu Ling, Mo Yu, Xiao Qian, Carter and others worked together and mobilized countless sword spirits to protect the city. It took a lot of time. Great idea!

Due to the short time, there was no time to build a new decisive battle site.

Jiu You originally wanted to build a new arena similar to the Number 1 Budokan in the world.

But due to time constraints, we could only requisition all the old swords.

There is a ready-made sword fighting arena in the old sword capital. Although it is very dilapidated, it can still be used after temporary repairs. It is also very grand. It is the size of eight stadiums with 100,000 people.

All participating sword spirits were temporarily arranged to wait in the Sword King Pavilion next to the sword fighting arena.

This is the largest inn in the old Jiandu era.

Now it is being reused after simple repairs.

Sun Rong checked his spirit sword with a sword guard at the door. The sword guard's expression changed: "It turns out to be Miss Sun!"

The sword guard solemnly stood with his feet together. He saluted Sun Rong. Then he sent a competition card to Sun Rong: "Miss Sun, please go to the Tianzi Number 1 room on the top floor."

"Thank you!" The girl took the entry card with both hands. She felt a little nervous.

She still has too little experience participating in a competition of this scale. And the sword spirits in the king group...are these all masters?

Can she really win?

Walking up the steps. Sun Rong heard many sword spirits talking about themselves.

"Ah! It's that human girl. I remember her last name is Sun... She will compete with her sword spirit!"

"So that Aohai is hers? She is the favorite to win the championship!"

This was the discussion of other contestants. When she first heard it, the girl felt a little embarrassed. She smiled modestly.

He walked quickly to his rest room. Sun Rong could still hear his heartbeat when he sat down.

"Very nervous?" Er Ha asked.

"A bit."Sun Rong nodded.

"There's nothing to be nervous about. Miss Sun can just perform normally."

At this time, Wu Jin and Lao Man came over from their lounge to pay their respects.

Leng Ming was also among them.

The two men were holding Leng Ming's little hand, one on the left and the other on the right. They walked from a distance and looked like a family of three. Sun Ying'er was shocked when he saw it: "Damn it! We haven't seen each other for a few days. What are you two doing? It's all there!"

Lao Man, Wu Jin: "?"

Leng Ming: "???"





Chapter 1420 Sun Rong's Passive Skills


It's not surprising that Sun Ying'er has such a peculiar mind.

Because the sword spirit and the sword spirit see each other and want to breed a new sword spirit, they can enter chaos with each other. There is no process of two-person movement in the human world.

So in theory, two sword spirits of the same gender can also give birth to new sword spirits.

In fact, although there are differences between men and women in the image of Sword Spirit.

Now in the Sword King Realm, the gender of the sword spirit is only based on appearance.

But essentially, all sword spirits are asexual. There is no real gender distinction.

Faced with Sun Ying'er's unintentional offense, Wu Jin and Lao Man didn't pay much attention.

After all, Leng Ming's appearance was very sudden.

I wonder if Sun Rong and others still don't know about Leng Ming's existence.

"Miss Sun doesn't know. This child's name is Leng Ming. He is the new sword spirit born in the Sword King Realm. He was not born between us..." Wu Jin laughed. He thought of what Sun Rong just said. That picture There was a slight blush on the face of the sissy sign.

Lao Man rolled his eyes on the side.

You blush like a bubble teapot!

"It turns out to be the newly conceived little sword spirit. So cute!" Sun Rong squatted down and gently touched Leng Ming's face. Leng Ming was a little embarrassed and shrank shyly behind Wu Jin.

While touching Leng Ming's soft cheek.

Aohai's "moisturizes things silently" passive ability is activated.

The invisible sword energy penetrated into Leng Ming's body. Sun Rong felt that his eyes were in a trance. Suddenly he could see Leng Ming's appearance clearly.

This passive skill of "moisturizing things silently" is the first time Aohai has shown it. It mainly uses a specific sword energy to identify. And this sword energy has the power to remove the false and retain the true, and see through illusions.

But not invincible. Not all illusions can be detected.

King's Eyes also has such power. But in comparison, "Moisturizing Things Silent Sword Qi" is still far behind.

And now this power is fed back to the girl under the influence of the passive version of "Human and Sword Fusion."

This makes Sun Rong also possess the ability to "moisten things silently."

It can be said that there is almost no distinction between Aohai and Sun Rong.

All the passive abilities Aohai has. Sun Rong also has them.

"The little guy turned into a small piece of grass?"Sun Rong rubbed his eyes. He was sure that he had seen it right.

"Even though Leng Ming is small, he actually has a great future. If he waits for him to grow up, even a piece of grass can kill the sun, moon and stars."

Wu Jin touched Leng Ming's little head and said, "Oh, by the way. Miss Sun still doesn't know that Lord Jingke has agreed to take Leng Ming as his disciple, right?"

"Have you accepted him as a disciple?"Sun Rong was surprised.

"Yes." Lao Man nodded: "In fact, this is the sword king's protection for him. Otherwise, this little guy would be targeted by so many evil people. These days, there are so many pedophiles and perverts. No matter you are a boy or a girl, you must protect yourself."

"That's right."

Er Ha nodded. Couldn't agree more.

Then it glanced at Sun Rong again: "You don't know? I remember I sent you a text message."

"Ah...sorry. Maybe I didn't pay enough attention."

Sun Rong Fu'an: "Don't worry. I know this is a separate price. I will settle the bill with you additionally."

In the past two days, she had been too focused on dealing with Jiang Yingying, which distracted her a lot of energy.

"Boss?" Wu Jin and Lao Man looked puzzled at the same time.

They hadn't seen each other for a few days. They felt that the relationship between Sun Rong and Er Ha suddenly became complicated.

"Now she is my boss. And I am committed to collecting intelligence and reporting to my boss." Er Ha replied.

"What about Ling Zhenren?"

"Lord Ling is naturally my boss as well. Lord Ling is my spiritual boss. Miss Sun is my material boss." Er Ha's answer was full of desire to survive.

Wu Jin and Lao Man understood instantly: "A boss. A boss's wife. Is that what you mean?"

"Almost." Er Ha nodded.

"Stop talking nonsense!"Sun Rong was helpless.

I went around in a big circle just to tease her. There was no one else...

Everyone waited in Sun Rong's Tianzi room for about five or six minutes. Then they saw a graceful and sexy woman wearing a leather tights walking out holding a crystal ball. Come in.

The person coming is none other than Carter.

"The bronze group stage is about to begin. I'll take Leng Ming there."

Carter said. She put the crystal ball in her hand on the table: "This ball can be used for live broadcast. Everyone can also see the situation in the sword fighting arena in the room."

"Thank you, Senior Carter." Sun Rong smiled.

"You're welcome, Miss Sun. Please work hard for today's game. According to the schedule, the showdown between the champion group is the last group."

After Carter finished the introduction, he took Leng Ming's hand and left. He looked very nervous. When he left the room, Sun Rong could see the cold sweat streaming down his forehead.

"Is the little guy really okay... He seems more nervous than me." Sun Rong was a little worried.

"It's the first time to engage in a melee. It's inevitable to be nervous," Wu Jin said.

"Speaking of which, is there really no problem with the combat power? I remember that this kid just has a relatively high talent value. In the melee stage, the test is still the actual combat power." Er Ha asked.

"It is said that Mr. Jingke and Mr. Bai Qiao gave Leng Ming special training before the Sword Competition. It should not be a problem to win the first place in the bronze group." Wu Jin was silent for a while and said.

"It's only been less than two days..." Er Ha was surprised.

"You underestimate Leng Ming's talent. For a genius, he can learn more in 2 hours than some people can learn in 200 days." Wu Jin replied.

"..." Er Ha couldn't refute these words, because it was indeed the case.

About ten more minutes passed.

The picture of the magic ball was projected onto the grand ancient Sword City Sword Arena. Countless sword spirits were seated in the audience area. It was dazzling. Every corner seemed to be filled. Like sardines!

In less than 2 days, it was possible to expand the Sword Conference to such a scale.

On the one hand, the organizational ability of Jiu You and others is indeed strong. On the other hand, the attractiveness of Jian Shen Alloy is indeed high!

The Sword Contest is about to begin!

At the same time, in Room Number 2, Tianzi, next door to Sun Rong.

Wang Ling is also watching the game.

His King's Eyes are like projectors, directly projecting the images captured on the screen into the void.

And on the table in the room, there are various flavors of... crispy noodles.

Jingke beside him sighed silently: "Sword Master, why don't you go next door to say hello?"

Wang Ling shook his head.

He didn't come here for Sun Rong in the first place.

I just wanted to see Leng Ming's performance.

Then, by the way, help Sun Rong to check whether there are any suspicious elements preventing her from winning the first place.

That's right.

Just by the way...





Chapter 1421 Leng Ming's first battle


Although Jingke has accepted Leng Ming as his disciple, whether Wang Nuan's spirit sword is Leng Ming or not. Wang Ling still needs to be judged through this actual battle.

He needed to know how far Leng Ming could grow after two days of special combat training.

And this Sword conference was just a good opportunity to test Leng Ming's learning efficiency.

For Wang Ling, learning ability is the key.

After all, if you want to find a spirit sword suitable for being a nanny for Ah Nuan girl, you have to be proficient in everything. And Leng Ming still has many, many things to learn.

The bronze group competition is about to begin.

At the front of the old sword field is a viewing seat made of crystal. This is a viewing seat exclusively for the judges.

Jiu You, Yu Ling who speaks nicely, Mo Yu who speaks nicely and Xiao Qian.

The four major judges of this Sword conference are all seated in this crystal room.

"The bronze group competition will start soon. I wonder how the little guy's performance will be?" Yu Ling said.

She crossed her slender legs. The pink cheongsam with high slits hung down to the ground along her long legs, attracting the attention of many sword spirits in the spectator seats.

"White!"

"Idiot! Those are safety pants!"

"You are the idiots! How can you be disrespectful to Master Yu Ling? Look away your dirty eyes!"

...

In the Sword King world, Yu Ling's popularity has always been very high. This is expected.

Mo Yu also has many fans, but because he is so good, he often appears in front of outsiders. Compared to Yu Ling, he seems to lack a bit of mystery.

Ignoring the commotion in the spectator seats, Jiu You also expressed his excitement for this bronze group match: "It is said that Mr. Jingke personally gave special training to the kid Leng Ming."

"What kind of special training is it?" Mo Yu asked curiously. The jade corolla on his head emitted a beautiful light.

"It seems to be a mixed doubles match. Mr. Jingke and Mr. Bai Qiao will play together." Jiu You answered.

"Shit. Isn't this just domestic violence..." Mo Yu suddenly felt a little pitiful for Leng Ming.

"It was repaired after the fight. And in order to prevent the child Leng Ming from leaving a psychological shadow. It is said that Mr. Bai Qiao cleared the memory of the special training."

"Everything has been emptied? What's the use then..."

"Because there is no need to use brain memory anymore. When fighting later, what Leng Ming will show may be muscle reaction memory."

"..." Yu Ling and Mo Yu were shocked.

How many times does it take mixed doubles to form muscle memory?

Soon. Accompanied by the roar of gongs and drums in the sword fighting arena all day long.

200 sword spirits from the bronze group enter.

The four entrances to the sword fighting arena were opened at the same time. At each entrance, 50 sword spirits were introduced into the arena in an orderly manner by the royal sword guards. They were arranged in four rows, forming a square array.

And Leng Ming was in the team coming out of the east exit. He was extremely small, but he stood at the first one. He looked like a little kid.

In the audience, many sword spirits commented on this.

"Is this the sword master's new apprentice? It looks ordinary to me!"

"With extremely high talent values, he reached the top of the Sword Monument test. But after all, he was only born a few days ago. How strong is his true combat power?"

Although the news of Leng Ming being accepted as a disciple by Jingke has spread throughout the Sword King world, doubts are still inevitable.

No one would doubt Leng Ming's talent.

After all, the values on the sword tablet cannot be false.

However, from the time Leng Ming was accepted as a disciple by Jingke to the start of the Sword Conference, there were actually no more than two days.

If you round up according to the number of hours, it's not even two days...

In such a short period of time, many people will put a question mark on how far a newly born little sword spirit can grow.

Facing the huge crowds of people surrounding the sword fighting arena, I listened to the doubts pouring into the air.

In the Tianzihao room, Sun Rong frowned slightly. She was worried about Leng Ming.

Originally, she wanted to use this Sword Conference to find a sword spirit for Wang Nuan during the competition. But the atmosphere now was so tense! She couldn't help but feel nervous!

"After all, it is such a large-scale Sword conference. Just watching it makes people feel overwhelmed. Miss Sun has some emotional fluctuations in her heart. It is also a normal reaction." Wu Jin comforted from the side.

"Rongrong's nervous reaction is so cute."

Sun Ying'er chuckled on the side: "Do you feel like you are waiting for your child's report card to come out?"

"..." Sun Rong was startled.

Don't say it. This is really true for Sun Ying'er.

It's okay not to say...

There seems to be some truth to this.

It was obviously the first time I met Leng Ming. Sun Rong I didn't know why I felt this way about Leng Ming.

Maybe it's because it's the relationship between Jingke's disciples...

Since he can be accepted as a disciple by Jingke, does the classmate Wang Ling also have high expectations for Leng Ming?

"Little guy, you must work hard!" Sun Rong clenched his fists, silently cheering Leng Ming in his heart.

"Hehe!" Sun Ying'er smiles inwardly from the side.

She didn't pay much attention to the competition. Her eyes were fixed on Sun Rong from the beginning to the end. In comparison, the girl's interesting reaction was much more exciting than the competition.

Just imagine. More than ten years later, her family Rongrong and her children...

Then she took her own children to attend the parent-teacher meeting together, waiting for the final report card. Maybe she was also very nervous, right?

Having developed his imagination at this point, Sun Ying'er quickly shook his head.

She felt that she was thinking too much...

What kind of child is not a child?

Why did you think about the child's problem...

And even if she gives birth to a child, who she will give birth to is still a problem.

Wang Ying?

That nasty gorilla?

She would jump from here and starve to death! She would never agree to be with this guy!

...

Boom!

At this time, a picture came from the magic ball. Accompanied by a fiery explosion, a big explosion occurred in the center of the entire sword fighting arena!

Just when Sun Ying'er was thinking wildly, the melee in the bronze group had already begun.

And to everyone's surprise, everyone thought that this melee was a big fight between each other.

The result was the moment Jiu You announced the start of the competition.

Except Leng Ming.

All the bronze spirit swords turned into sword lights and soared into the sky...

Their movements were uniform and their goals were astonishingly synchronized!

There were a total of 199 sword lights of various colors. They rushed towards Leng Ming!

When these sword lights collided together, a big explosion occurred!

In the thick smoke, two spiritual swords, one ice and one fire, broke out. They are the famous ice and fire brothers of the bronze group. According to the ranking, they were jointly selected into the melee of the bronze group.

They rank second and third respectively in the bronze group sword monument list.

Second only to Leng Ming.

After the results of Leng Ming's sword tablet came out, the two brothers worked together to find an opportunity to teach Leng Ming a lesson.

As a result, when the game started, I couldn't help it on the spot.

What the two brothers didn't expect was...

The other sword spirits in this game had the same thinking as the two of them. As soon as the game started, they all attacked Leng Ming.

"Under such an offensive, even if you are Lord Jingke's disciple, what will happen?" The Ice and Fire brothers sneered in their hearts.

At this time, a ray of emerald green sword light rose into the sky.

The powerful sword energy tore through the thick smoke.

A boy wearing rattan armor patted the ashes expressionlessly and slowly walked out of the torn and billowing smoke.

He was unscathed. There wasn't even a speck of dust on his face.

This is the effect of special training after receiving mixed doubles from Jingke and Bai Qiao.

Although Leng Ming is just a grass.

But now, this grass is very hard.

Although I owe more and more, I will definitely pay it back...I won't finish it until I pay it off. Don't worry, everyone.





Chapter 1422 Heavenly Tomb


The scale of this Sword Conference is unprecedented. Even the competition in the bronze group is also interesting.

Leng Ming was surrounded and suppressed right after the opening ceremony. There were many cheers and cheers in the venue. However, what was unexpected was that when the smoke dissipated, the boy wearing rattan armor walked out unscathed.

He was exuding a gleaming green light, exuding the aura of natural law. Leng Ming could not remember the memory of his special training. He only knew that during the special training he was beaten by his master and his wife. The sword body was shattered countless times and was broken again. Repair.

It must be because of the special training...

At this time, Leng Ming thought to himself.

Because when the attacks from these Bronze Group players fall on him now, he doesn't feel any pain. It's like a mosquito bite.

Since Leng Ming was under siege at the beginning, all the sword spirits launched an attack on Leng Ming. 199 sword energies gathered at one point to form a big explosion.

Although Leng Ming doesn't feel any pain or itching.

But this explosion has caused many sword spirits to be affected.

More than half of the people were eliminated in one fell swoop.

So now, including Leng Ming, there are less than 100 sword spirits left on the field. And most of them are injured.

The bronze group's sword energy exploded. The power was equally fierce.

This is the terrifying thing about the sword spirits born in the Sword King Realm. Even the sword spirits in the bronze group can still accomplish great things if they go to the earth.

After the first round of testing, it was clear to everyone at the scene that the final opponent this little grass faced was the Ice and Fire Brothers in the void.

These two brothers have very strong fighting power. If they join forces, they will be able to fight against the sword spirits of the Silver Group.

Twin sword spirits are very rare in the Sword King Realm. The Ice and Fire Brothers have not been conceived in the Sword King Realm for too long. In time, they might be able to rank in the Diamond Group.

"A piece of grass. It's so hard? But that's it. It was just a test..." In the void, the pair of ice and fire brothers held their arms and stared down at Leng Ming.

The two brothers had already arrived before the match started. Leng Ming might have received special training from the Sword King, so he would not be defeated so easily.

But in fact, this was exactly what the two brothers wanted.

It would be boring if it was knocked down too easily.

The current Leng Ming was personally trained by Lord Sword King.

If they can defeat Leng Ming in such a situation, the two brothers will surely become famous in one fell swoop through this battle!

Maybe he will be favored and appreciated by the Sword King,

At this time, Leng Ming looked into the void. The pressure from the Ice and Fire Brothers was not as great as he had imagined.

The pressure on him actually comes more from Wang Ling, Jingke and Bai Qiao.

Leng Ming knew very well that these three people were also watching his battle.

Because of this. He doesn't want to be embarrassed.

As soon as the thought came to mind, the injured sword spirits nearby who had not been eliminated suddenly rose into the sky again.

They understood each other tacitly and actually formed a sword formation on the spot.

"Tianyang Sword Formation! Kill him first!" someone shouted.

They formed a circle in the sky. They radiated light like the sun.

In the center of the Tianyang Sword Formation, the sword energy is intertwined and continuously fused, and then a combined sword energy is generated, surging with powerful energy.

It only takes a few seconds.

There was a beam of golden light, like a giant sword falling from the sky. It fell from above the head and hit Leng Ming's face.

This combined sword energy is very strong. If Leng Ming had not undergone special training, he would probably collapse on the spot.

But now. Things are different now.

Leng Ming's vine armor was covered in smoke when illuminated by the combined sword energy.

"Don't get in the way."

Leng Ming didn't even bother to raise his head.

He didn't care. With a flick, a trace of emerald green sword energy flowed out from his fingers.

This trace of emerald-green sword energy was very calm, without any murderous intent. However, just as the combined sword energy submerged into the air, a big explosion suddenly occurred.

Accompanied by the mushroom cloud rising from mid-air, the sword spirits that formed the sword formation were instantly blown to pieces. They were flying around the entire sword fighting arena like vibrating eggs.

After getting rid of these sword spirits, Leng Ming began to face the two opponents in front of him seriously.

The ice and fire brothers were also observing the battle situation. They were surprised at the results of Leng Ming's special training.

This increase in combat power is indeed too rapid.

"Brother..." At this time, Bing jian turned his attention to Huo Ren beside him.

"It seems that we have to destroy him."

Huo Jian's inner thoughts coincided with Bing Jian's.

They wanted to win Jingke's favor through this battle. But Leng Ming's rapid promotion made them feel a pressure.

Even if they beat Leng Ming, Leng Ming's talent is still here. As long as the talent is still there, it is only a matter of time before he surpasses them.

But now if the child in front of him is destroyed in the conference, then the Sword King may have no choice.

At the judging table, in the crystal room, Yu Ling frowned lightly. She could feel that the ice and fire brothers were already accumulating strength.

And...

"There is a strong murderous intention. It seems that these brothers have murderous intentions towards Leng Ming." It's not just Yu Ling. Mo Yu also felt it.

"The Sword King is also watching this duel. This move is to attract the Sword King's attention." Jiu You said.

It can only be said that he is worthy of being the custodian of the Sword King Realm. He immediately understood the inner thoughts of the two brothers.

"These two brothers seem to have a certain combination of skills. What is it called?" At this time, Mo Yu lowered his head and thought.

"It's a sword of ice and fire." Xiao Qian replied: "With the sword energy in the whole body condensed, it collides with the opponent left and right at a high speed. One person uses the left leg, and the other uses the right leg. The two legs fly and attack. Then use The force of his legs crushed his head."

"Hey. Can the little one handle it?" Mo Yu was worried. The jade crown on her head changed color at the same time, turning into a melancholy dark blue.

This color-changing jade crown can reflect Mo Yu's current mood. If there is no fluctuation, it will be white.

"I don't think you need to worry too much." Jiu You smiled.

Although he didn't know what the two-day special training was about.

However, judging from Leng Ming's reaction to the Tianyang Sword Formation just now, I am afraid that in the past two days, Jingke and Bai Qiao were in mixed doubles mode. I am afraid that all the combination skills have been used by Leng Ming. It was shown before my eyes.

The next moment, the two brothers of Ice and Fire's combined skill {Ice and Fire Sword} has already struck.

He expected that the next attack from the Ice and Fire Brothers would definitely form a concentrated fire attack on him.

Although Leng Ming couldn't remember this scene, he felt as if he had seen it somewhere.

His body reacted almost uncontrollably with muscle memory.

When the two brothers' ice legs and hams were close to his head, one hand grabbed one side and pinched their ankles.

Leng Ming's figure is light and light, forming a spiral on the spot, like a dance, playing with the two brothers of ice and fire.

It was a force that used softness to overcome hardness. After spinning for a few seconds, it threw the Ice and Fire Brothers flying.

When everyone came to their senses, a Tai Chi disc formed under Leng Ming's feet.

This is a technique that uses the strength of the two brothers to use force. Leng Ming didn't know how he started it. His body started to move involuntarily.

When the counterattack was completed, the two Ice and Fire brothers were seen hugging each other in the sword fighting arena, their clothes in rags and their faces bruised and swollen.

There was fear in their eyes. They kicked their legs and kept retreating. They also muttered in panic: "Who...who does Tai Chi..."

The entire sword fighting arena was silent for a few seconds, and then burst into fiery cheers!

Audiences have always been passive. This is true.

And this is the scary thing about champion fans.

Leng Ming breathed a long sigh of relief.

I feel that I have not embarrassed my master.

...

At this moment, in the depths of the infinite galaxy. This is a layer beyond the extraterrestrial galaxy.

Through the endless stars, a pair of evil eyes filled with turbidity opened at this time: "I found...the most suitable sacrifice..."

"My lord, finally you can't hold it any longer?" A young voice sounded after a moment.

This voice came from a young man surrounded by stars. His figure was blurry. Only a faint outline wrapped in starlight could be seen.

While speaking, the surrounding planets collided and then exploded.

The two of them used the universe as a chessboard and used the planets in their hands as chess pieces to play.

"Transformed by the Tomb Grass. I have been waiting for a long time...for it to take shape. But now, the time is about to mature."

The owner of the Muddy Eyes said calmly: "When the old Rubik's Cube is assembled, it will be the day when those people die...people will always have to pay the price for their ignorance..."

"But that young man is difficult to deal with. Even I can't see where he came from." The young man surrounded by stars frowned slightly.

"I will fully understand him before the war. I have already laid out my chess pieces in the Sword King Realm."

At this time, the owner of the Muddy Eyes said in a cold voice.





Chapter 1423 High energy warning. Summon the dubbing lady


It was expected that Leng Ming would win this battle.

Next, we are waiting for the showdown between the champions.

Because it is the finale. There is also a showdown between the silver, gold and diamond groups.

In addition, the time for cleaning up the competition venue should also be taken into account. Sun Ying'er estimates that Sun Rong will take the field at least 2-3 hours later.

Since I'm bored, of course I need to find some fun.

Sun Ying'er's eyes rolled wildly. She thought of a good way to tease Sun Rong.

"Rongrong. I don't know if you noticed it or not." She carefully said as if blowing into Sun Rong's ear.

The blow made Sun Rong's face feel hot. Goosebumps appeared all over his body: "Ying'er...what are you doing..."

"Eh? Haven't you noticed it yet?" Sun Ying'er whispered in her ear: "Ling Zhenren. It's in Room 2, Tianzi next door."

In fact, Sun Ying'er didn't feel Wang Ling's aura at all.

but...

She could feel Wang Ying's.

It's not that Wang Ying gave away his aura.

But after being trained by Wang Ying for a long time, Sun Ying'er will develop a habitual muscle reflex.

Because my wrist is often grabbed by the gorilla Wang Ying.

This resulted in Sun Ying'er's current wrist being like a radar instrument detecting Wang Ying. As long as she was close to Wang Ying, her wrist would feel like someone was holding it...

And the closer you get, the stronger the feeling of restraint around your wrists becomes.

During the bronze group duel, Sun Ying'er tentatively walked back and forth in the room, and finally discovered the source of the signal.

Confirmed that Wang Ying is next door.

Since Wang Ying is next door, I guess Wang Ling must be here too.

"Classmate Wang Ling. is here too?"

After hearing the news, the expression on Sun Rong's face showed a bit of surprise.

Although she knows it very well. With Wang Ling's personality, there is a high probability that she will choose to peek at the screen at home during her competition.

But I was able to come to watch the game.

For Sun Rong, this is definitely an extra surprise.

He didn't know why. The girl suddenly felt that she was in a good mood. The previous nervousness was instantly wiped away. No feeling of nervousness at all was gone.

The existence of Wang Ling.

Make her feel at ease.

"Rongrong, why don't you go next door and say hello?" Sun Ying'er chuckled and began to encourage the girl to take active actions.

"I...I haven't thought about what to say yet..." Sun Rong blushed and started to feel hot again: "Besides, classmate Wang Ling is obviously next door. If he doesn't come over, that's the case. Don't you want to interfere with my game? If I go, will it disturb him?"

"It doesn't matter. What do you want to say? Just tell me! I can pass the message for you! You don't have to go there!" Sun Ying'er's expression looked a little treacherous.

--Hmph! Ying'er brand human flesh microphone. Activate!

"Is this okay..." Sun Rong finished. He glanced at Wu Jin and Lao Man next to him. They were watching the game in Sun Rong's Tianzihao room.

It's not like I stayed here on purpose.

In fact, it was Jiu You who asked them to stay here.

On the one hand, it can provide Sun Rong with better commentary on the game. On the other hand, it can also serve as Sun Rong's guard.

I have to say. Wu Jin and Lao Man are both sensible people.

After they heard Sun Rong's words, they consciously reached out and covered their ears...

Don't listen to anything inappropriate.

They won't get involved in the couple's affairs.

And knowing too much is not good for them either.

In addition, Wufei and Lao Man also think that this is the best way to prevent the attack of puppy loves.

Sun Rong hesitated for a while. Then he turned to Sun Ying'er and said, "Then... just say hello to me."

"No! This is too simple! Don't you have anything special to ask?" Sun Ying'er touched his chin and said, "For example, the Rubik's Cube task? Rongrong, didn't you always say you were worried before? You felt that the collection process was too smooth. Bad things are going to happen."

"That's right...but I can't tell what's wrong. It's just my sixth sense..."

The girl looked troubled: "And if you ask too many questions at once, classmate Wang Ling will also feel uncomfortable."

"Then let's ask a simple question. For example, tell me what you think of Jiang Yingying. It's best if you can write down your thoughts in no less than 800 words."

"What are you thinking Ying'er..."

Sun Rong smiled bitterly: "Classmate Wang Ling can only give six points on the composition."

"That's right." Sun Ying'er nodded.

"Let's do this. Say hello to me first. Then ask my classmate Wang Ling... I want to ask him to go to the ancient street this weekend. Ask him if he is free."Sun RongGather up your courage and say to Sun Ying'er.

Sometimes, the opportunity is in your own hands!

She has to take the initiative!

"Okay!" Sun Ying'er nodded.

Sun Rong added: "Tell your classmate Wang Ling that just the two of us going...it won't be the same as the last time we went to the Xiao Family Courtyard. There will be a bunch of people following us."

The main reason is that now Sun Rong does not need to consider security issues.

If she could still encounter a killer organization like Shadow Stream, hired by a competitor of the Huaguo Shuilian Group, she could handle it all by herself.

"No problem!" Then Sun Ying'er agreed and turned into a ball of shadow and slipped out.

But in fact, how dare she really enter Wang Ling's room.

I just pretended to be lingering at the door. Then I made up a reply...

Soon, Sun Ying'er returned to Sun Rong: "Ah! I asked! Ling Zhenren said. He can go! He's free!"

"Really?" Sun Rong's eyes lit up.

Sun Ying'er has never seen such a happy expression on a young girl. For a moment, she suddenly felt a little guilty: "Really...really..."

"No. Ying'er! Did you not ask at all?" Fortunately, Sun Rong quickly noticed something wrong on Sun Ying'er's face.

Anyway, this is not the first time that this girl has been exposed.

Based on her understanding of Sun Ying'er, there is a high probability that this may be Sun Ying'er's own answer.

If you really ask, where can I come back so soon...

Sun Rong touched Sun Ying'er's head. The expression on his face was very gentle: "Ying'er. Since you asked, just ask carefully. I don't blame you."

Sun Ying'er was silent for a while. She pursed her lips and said weakly: "Then...I really went. If you are rejected, don't blame me!"

"Yeah. I won't blame you." Sun Rong nodded.

"good!"

Sun Ying'er realized that she originally just wanted to tease Sun Rong. But now she seemed to have tricked herself into it.

This is a hole she dug herself. She has to jump into it even with tears in her eyes.

She was extremely nervous. She lingered at the door of Tianzi Number 2. The feeling of being restrained on her wrists became stronger and stronger.

After struggling for a few minutes, Sun Ying'er gritted his teeth and said, "Forget it! For Rongrong's happiness, I'll risk it all!"

She was just about to turn into a shadow and rush into the door.

The next moment, he was lifted up by a force.

When Sun Ying'er came to her senses, she saw Wang Ying grabbing her wrist and pushing her against the wooden wall of the inn.

"What do you want to do again?"

Wang Ying looked at her with amusement in his eyes: "Your Majesty is watching the game. No one is allowed to interrupt."

Sun Ying'er's eyes filled with tears: "I...I just want to ask..."

"No."

Wang Ying said two words coldly.

Sun Ying'er was annoyed: "I don't care where you go! If I had to ask!"

"I said, no." Wang Ying still maintained his attitude.

"Then I'll shout! Ling Zhenren will definitely hear you!" Sun Ying'er's resistance came back.

"You can try." Wang Ying sneered.

"Just try it!"

Sun Ying'er snorted.

She was just about to open her mouth.

But at the next moment.

She suddenly felt Wang Ying's breath approaching her eyes. He quickly blocked her mouth with his domineering lips...





Chapter 1424 Enemies from outside the galaxy


Very satisfied with Leng Ming's performance in the first battle. Wang Ling.

Although this kind of learning ability cannot catch up with him, but overall it has reached the passing line.

If calculated according to the 100-point system, the normal passing mark is 60 points.

However, in Wang Ling's mind, 95 points is a passing grade.

A score of 96--98 is average.

99--100 is excellent.

Leng Ming's learning ability. Wang Ling is initially judged to be 95 points.

This is enough.

Because Leng Ming is still young, there is still room for growth.

At this time, Wang Ying turned into a black shadow and seeped in through the crack of the door.

Then, with sight visible, the black shadow gradually turned into a human form, condensing Wang Ying's proud face.

He whistled and showed a satisfied expression.

It would be even more perfect if I had another cigarette at this time.

Wang Ling sighed in his heart. Shadow is really a magical thing...it is obviously a power bred from his body. But this personality is very different from his own.

Just now Wang Ling saw Wang Ying gagging Sun Ying'er's mouth at the doorway, and his mind suddenly went blank.

The first reaction that comes to mind is: Isn't Wang Ying afraid of sucking out Sun Ying'er's tongue?

But no matter what, the scene in front of me is still beyond Wang Ling's own understanding.

Shadow actually has no actual age...

Theoretically, they don't count as humans.

But my own shadow and Sun Rong's shadow can be together first.

This is something Wang Ling didn't expect.

"Lord, rest assured. I have planted seeds in him." At this time, Wang Ying said.

"..." Wang Ling knows what this "seed" refers to.

But I don't know why. When these words came out of Wang Ying's mouth, it felt like something had changed...

This is a defensive seed. It can be triggered in times of crisis.

It was also ordered by Wang Ling to arrange it for Wang Ying.

Generally speaking, you only need to engrave the seal of defense against seeds on your palm, and then tap it lightly like tapping a stamp.

God knows Wang Ying chose to gag her directly.

This method can also be called ingenious...

"The Sword Master is here. What are you worried about?" To be honest, Jingke himself was also surprised that Wang Ling personally took charge of the Sword King Realm this time.

Wang Ling was present in person. Naturally, there was Wang Ling's reason.

There will be changes in this Sword Conference. This is something that Wang Ling planned to do yesterday.

"There is an enemy attack."

Wang Ying answered Jingke's question: "And. The other party's origin is outside the region and beyond the galaxy."

Infinite Galaxy?

Jingke instantly thought of this mysterious universe.

The vastness of the infinite galaxy is far beyond the reach of the outer galaxies.

Back then, the immortals of Zhenyuan roamed the outer galaxy for a thousand years in search of the Drought Star, but never completed the journey.

If we go to the Infinite Galaxy, even if we go to the realm of Venerated Immortal for a billion years, we may not be able to complete it.

"What's the purpose?" Jingke asked again.

Enemies from the Infinite Galaxy. For the first time in history.

It is precisely because of the lack of understanding of the enemy that Wang Ling feels uneasy.

Infinite Galaxy. If it weren't for the power of deduction that made him know this new term. Wang Ling really didn't know that there was a layer beyond the extraterrestrial galaxy.

Is it really a nesting doll of the universe?

He didn't know much about the Infinite Galaxy. He didn't know what the level of the enemies coming from there was.

What if they're better than me?

Wang LingAlthough I know I am strong.

But I have always understood the truth that there are mountains beyond the mountains.

Because of this, he has always been very humble.

"It's possible to turn the six Heavenly Dao into gems. Then embed them into gloves and snap your fingers. The universe will be destroyed!" Wang Ying said with a look of horror on his face.

"This..." Jingke looked horrified. He almost took it seriously.

Just as I was about to ask a question, I saw Wang Ying continue to say: "There is a high probability that I am here for Leng Ming."

"Leng Ming." Jingke nodded secretly.

This answer is more reasonable.

Leng Ming is transformed from the Tomb Grass.

And where is the celestial tomb?

Rumor has it that it was a cosmic tomb that Dao Ancestor Wang built for himself.

And buried in this tomb are the treasures that Dao Ancestor Wang has accumulated throughout his life.

The person is obviously not dead, but he wants to build a tomb for himself first. This is the standard boss mentality...

It is said that Dao Ancestor Wang built the Heavenly Tomb when he was in middle age.

He thought his end was coming, so he built this tomb in advance.

As a result, even Dao Ancestor Wang himself did not expect that he could be "reincarnated."

This directly led to the "Celestial Tomb" he built. It has not been moved in yet.

"The location of the Sky Tomb is very vague. The exact location is not yet known. It may be in the extraterrestrial galaxy. It may also be in the infinite galaxy."

Wang Ying said: "Leng Ming was transformed from the Tomb Grass. It was a piece of dead grass stuck under the soles of Dao Ancestor Wang's feet when he came to the Sword King Realm. Unexpectedly, after years of baptism, the dead grass would bloom in spring. And finally Successfully gave birth to Leng Ming in the Sword King Realm..."

In fact, when it comes to this, Jingke has roughly understood it.

This enemy from the Infinite Galaxy is looking for Leng Ming. Its ultimate goal is the Sky Tomb.

In order to obtain the treasure of Dao Ancestor Wang...

"So, the Lord himself came here to..."

"You're right."

Wang Ying knew what Jingke was thinking. There was a solemn look on his face: "On this point, your leader and I have the same idea. We have never come into contact with enemies from the infinite galaxy. What if this happens? If we underestimate the enemy too much, it may cause unimaginable disaster."

"..."

"The first battle is Leng Ming's battle. The people from Infinite Galaxy have never made a move. The Lord feels that the opponent is very likely to show up when Miss Sun comes on the stage. That's why I asked me to plant defensive seeds in advance."

"..."

"That is to say, this time, the Lord and I will go all out to deal with this enemy from outside the galaxy." Wang Ying said.

"..." Jingke remained silent for three consecutive days.

Look at this posture. He felt that he might witness history...

If you go all out, does that mean that all the seals on Talisman will be revealed?

Of course. Jingke also felt that.

Wang Ling and Wang Ying.

Thinking too much...

Although the knowledge of the infinite galaxy is limited.

But Jingke thinks he has some knowledge of Wang Ling.

No matter what the origin of this enemy of the infinite galaxy is...

Even if you don't reveal the sealing talisman, the opponent will still die!

Wang Ling.

But he fell in love with the man at first sight.

Jingke thinks that his vision is pretty good.

...

On the other side. In the Tianzihao room of Sun Rong. As Wang Ying expected, Sun Ying'er completely fell into autistic mode.

"Stop crying Ying'er...Master of Shadows should. It wasn't intentional." Sun Rong tried to comfort.

"You...you still speak for him..." Sun Ying'er cried even more sadly. She touched her belly. She was trying to get rid of the anger in her stomach: "Just kiss him. What! Why are you blowing into my mouth!"

"..."

Sun Rong stared at Sun Ying'er's big belly. She really didn't know what to say.

He actually let the Master of Shadows kiss him...

He didn't know why. Sun Rong feels a little sour in his mouth.





Chapter 1425 Unknown opponent


At the same time that the Sword Conference was being held in the Sword King Realm, the core members of the Office of Strategic DeceptionTrue Venerated Immortal Hall were also visiting remotely to watch this unprecedented grand competition.

The monk meditates at the front.

He used the swastika sword to penetrate his eye power into the sword storm of the Sword King Realm and saw the battle taking place inside.

Then. The picture is fed back through pupil force.

It is then projected from the ring scar on the monk's head, forming a projection in the void.

This scene made Lord Diulei marvel in his heart: "As expected of Senior Jin Deng. In addition to making smoke and cooking hot pot, this scar actually has such a function..."

"They are just trivial tricks." The monk smiled, as modest as ever.

He also paid special attention to this Sword conference. But the focus was not on Sun Rong.

Sword conference.

It was a foregone conclusion in the monk's mind that the girl would win the championship.

The key point lies in the unknown enemy from the infinite galaxy.

This matter was already known to the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception when Wang Ling was deduced last night.

Of course. Sun Rong doesn't know.

This is the monk's suggestion. In order to let her relax and concentrate on the game in front of her.

As for protecting the earth, just leave it to these gentlemen.

Now. When Wang Ling is in the Sword King Realm, the monk is the last line of defense on earth...

Although the unknown opponent from the Infinite Galaxy is heading towards the Sword King Realm, its ultimate goal is to be on guard.

"What is the opponent of Infinite Galaxy like?" Lord Diulei asked.

After meeting Wang Ling, he found that all the knowledge he had accumulated on cultivation was of no use at all.

Because Wang Ling. He got to know more powerful seniors hidden among cultivators.

Because Wang Ling. His "view of maps" has also been completely expanded...

Lord Diulei suddenly discovered that he had many blind spots in knowledge.

And Wang Ling plays the role of constantly breaking through his blind spots...

Not only did it bring him into contact with higher-level knowledge, it also allowed him to rub the knowledge he now knew about cultivation on the ground.

"The Infinite Galaxy. Because it's too far away, I don't go there that often. Before every time I go, I have to collect a lot of supplies in advance to prepare for emergencies on the road." The monk said.

He calculated with his fingers. If he traveled from the extraterrestrial galaxy to the infinite galaxy, it might take about half a year.

Not counting Wang Ling. Even at his level, it would take half a year. Others want to get there. It is simply impossible without external help.

"There are rumors that the celestial tomb built by Dao Ancestor Wang is in this infinite galaxy. The poor monk has visited it more than 76,000 times."

"..." When everyone heard this, the corners of their mouths twitched.

I have been there more than 76,000 times...the monk actually calls this. Not many?

But based on the monk's experience of nearly 4,000 reincarnations.

Perhaps the number of trips to the Infinite Galaxy may not be so unusual after all.

"The Infinite Galaxy is too vast. The small space there is larger than the outer galaxy."

The monk lamented: "Although this poor monk has suffered a lot, his exploration rate of the infinite galaxy is less than 0.1%."

"Senior didn't notice any signs of living things?"

"At least not in all the times I've explored."

The monk said: "It is precisely because of this. This time Ling Zhenren suddenly said that there is an unknown opponent from the infinite galaxy. This even surprised the poor monk."

"So now we can only wait."

"Ling Zhenren and I originally deduced that their target was Leng Ming. But Leng Ming's battle has ended. The other party has not yet taken action."

"Are you here for the Sun Rong girl?"

"In other words, Leng Ming and Miss Sun are both targets."

The monk lowered his eyes and said thoughtfully: "Let's see what they do. After the fight, you will know their true combat power."

As he said this, everyone turned their attention back to the Sword Conference.

The competition for the champion group is about to begin.

The first person in the Foundation Building on Earth: Sun Rong. Coming soon.

When she walked into the outskirts of the sword fighting arena, the roaring noise in the arena was already lingering in the girl's ears.

The girl's expression was much calmer than expected.

The sword energy flowing out in all directions in the field were all testing her cultivation.

Many sword spirits had question marks on their faces.

"Human?"

"Why can a human from the Foundation Building stage participate in the Sword Conference?"

"Haven't you noticed yet? This human being has become one with his own sword. The human sword."

The sword spirit with excellent eyesight explained.

The passive version of Sun Rong merges the human sword into one. It makes itself and the spiritual sword indistinguishable from each other.

Although the realm is still Foundation Building, the increase in overall combat power is very considerable.

"Fifty people from the east entrance. Please line up in an orderly manner. We are ready to enter!" said a royal sword guard at the front of the queue.

Sun Rong. At the end of the line at the east entrance.

There has been such a limelight thing in the past. Sun Rong was definitely the first one to get ahead.

Now. A lot has indeed changed.

On the other hand. This is also Sun Rong's own idea.

This Sword King Realm is the world of Sword Spirits after all. It seems unreasonable for her to come here as a human and participate in the Sword Conference.

Even before the competition started, everyone had criticized humans for participating in the Sword Conference.

Although Aohai ranks high on the sword list, due to its hybrid quality, many sword spirits dislike it despite its counterattack.

This time. Sun Rong chose to participate in the Sword Conference. On the one hand, it was to win the Jian Shen alloy. To choose a suitable sword spirit for Ah Nuan.

On the other hand, it is actually for Aohai's sake.

Sword King Realm is the hometown of Aohai.

Sun Rong doesn't want to. After Aohai returned to his hometown, he still suffered cold looks and discrimination.

She wants to take Aohai with her to tell all the sword spirits in the Sword King Realm that Aohai is not a useless no-name spirit sword! Even if she has a bad background, she can still successfully counterattack the king group!

Even if it's luck. So what?

Luck itself is also part of strength.

When the floodgates of the East District slowly opened.

Sun Rong is wearing a blue French skirt. Holding an Aohai in his hand, he holds his head high.

This magic skirt is the +0 opponent-level magic skirt that Miss Ajuan gave last time. Now it has become the girl's battle uniform.

She followed the end of the team and walked out facing the light.

With the appearance of the only human girl, the sword fighting arena was once again filled with excitement. Although the crowd of sword spirits onlookers was densely packed, not many people had actually seen Sun Rong.

In full view of the crowd, the girl received all kinds of scorching gazes from the crowd. She began to feel the pressure that Leng Ming was carrying before the start of the game.

"Interesting. A human girl actually brought her own brand-name sword to participate in the competition. She really dared to come."

"She looks pretty cute. She's my type."

"But someone knows. Why is the off-brand sword in her hand ranked seventh on the sword list?"

"Who knows. Maybe it's just because the skin looks better?"

Regarding Sun Rong's participation in the competition, the rhythm in the Sword King Realm has not stopped until now.

In fact, even Jiu You didn't expect that the sword spirits in the Sword King Realm would be so exclusive.

"Girl, don't you release your sword energy? Let us see how powerful this off-brand sword, which is ranked seventh on the sword list, is!" The sword spirit who had something to do was shouted loudly in the spectator seats. Immediately It caused another storm.

Sun Rong Close your eyes slightly. Take a deep breath. Try to calm down.

Then, he used his slender white fingers to touch the scabbard of the sword. Facing the shouts around him, he pulled out the sword body inch by inch.

"As you wish."

The next moment, the girl opened her beautiful eyes.

However, he only pulled out less than three centimeters of the sword body. Aohai's sword energy like an angry sea surged out from the gap, sweeping over the place like a tsunami!

In the field, all the sword spirits looked horrified!

This powerful sword energy overflowed and rolled in the field. It actually caused illusions in their eyes!

The sword fighting arena in front of them suddenly turned into a sea!

And in the sea.

It's all water...





Chapter 1426 A competent actor


Sun Rong's current strength is not what it used to be.

When this breath is released.

The skirt underneath her body rolled and surged with the sword energy.

The blue skirt blew like waves.

The onlookers of the sword spirits in the stands were frightened by this powerful sword energy. They could not imagine that an unknown spirit sword could explode with such power.

Most people were frightened by this sword energy.

But on such occasions, some old gentlemen will inevitably appear.

"It's up! A little higher! Yes, we're about to see it!" Some sword spirits stared at the girl's blue skirt, wanting to get a glimpse of the scenery underneath.

They had deliberately followed the crowd in the opening to stimulate Sun Rong.

The purpose was to arouse the anger of this human girl.

Because sword energy basically works from the bottom up.

Once it breaks out, it can easily disappear.

However, the result disappointed these "old gentlemen" among the Sword Spirits.

Because just when the hem of the skirt was about to be blown up, the "anti-gravity mode" of Sun Rong this French skirt was instantly activated!

All I can say is that this is the dress Ajuan gave her.

Anti-gravity mode. Very practical for every girl.

In the field, there was an anti-gravity blue skirt that was swinging wildly but was not blown up.

Sun Rong pulled Aohai's sword out of the scabbard bit by bit.

Every time he drew out an inch, the sword energy on the field surged like a roaring sea of anger.

When the sword body is completely withdrawn.

The passive version of "Man and Sword Unity" is fully activated.

After a burst of light and shadow changes, Sun Rong and Aohai's figure completely merged into one.

The girl's blue eyes are deeper than before. There are stars in them, exuding a beautiful and moving brilliance.

Aohai's dark blue evening dress also perfectly blends with it. There are many ripples symbolizing the sea on the skirt. It looks more majestic and gorgeous than before.

Even the color of his hair changed. After the sword and man merged into one, it turned into the silvery gray of Aohai.

Of course, none of the above is the key.

The key is!

The girl found that her chest seemed to be a lot heavier...

Because the monk warned her, she needs to be extra careful when using Aohai on Earth. So there is no need to take it out of the sheath unless necessary.

After fusing three Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cubes, the newly upgraded passive version of "Man and Sword in One" needs to be completely unsheathed in order to achieve such a combined mode.

So it is also the first time for Sun Rong to experience such a combination change.

In the Tianzihao guest room.

Sun Ying'er was excited and incoherent: "Rongrong has grown! It's great! Rongrong can grow, and I have grown too! The airbag cushioning plan will be realized in the future!"

"..." Er Ha opened his mouth. In the end, he said nothing.

It doesn't know where Sun Ying'er inherited the label of a veteran driver.

She can really drive on any broken road...

...

On the other side, in the sword fighting arena, Wu Jin and Lao Man, who also participated in this competition, were also deeply impressed by the sword energy emanating from Aohai.

"As expected of Miss Sun Rong." The two of them sighed in their hearts.

Of course. They are not participating in the game to win the championship. They are here to send Sun Rong.

Therefore, when entering the venue, Wu Jin and Lao Man were also thinking about how to show off their outstanding acting skills.

To everyone's surprise, when the competition in the King Group started, no sword spirit took the lead in attacking the other sword spirits.

Here is the difference in tactical thinking between the King Group Sword Spirit and the Bronze Group Sword Spirit.

This is also one of the reasons why the bronze group is not as good as the king group...

Especially in such a chaotic melee, the party that launches the offensive first will definitely be the loser. A large-scale attack will only suffer more intense concentrated fire, and will be eliminated first.

So before the start of the game, the sword spirits of the king group had the same idea.

That is to prioritize alliances!

Take allies as a unit. Eliminate the others first!

As for how to choose allies, for the sword spirits of the king group, this is something that does not require much consideration.

According to the material of the sword itself or the type of the sword itself, the camps can be easily divided.

So when the King's Group match started, a mysterious scene of silence appeared in the entire sword arena. Sun Rong could feel the overflowing sword energy intersecting in the air.

The sword spirits of the King Group are dispersing their sword energy. They are using their sword energy to establish special spiritual communication and search for their own kind.

Then, the voices of various cliques surged in the sword fighting arena.

"Big Sword Party! Follow me! If you don't come, you are a lackey!"

"Heaven did not give birth to me with a long sword. Eternity is like a long night! Where is the Long Sword Party?

...

Many Sword Spirits watching the match were puzzled. They didn't understand why these Sword Spirits from the King Group hadn't started fighting yet.

Because their cultivation level is too low, they cannot hear the sword spirits of the king group communicating with their sword energy.

At the judging table, Yu Ling frowned slightly: "Such an alliance is actually not good for Miss Sun. The Sword Spirits of the King's Group form small teams in this way, and their attacks are more organized and disciplined. In addition, they They are all hostile to Miss Sun's existence. I'm afraid it's a bit difficult."

"not necessarily."

Jiu You shook his head and said: "Miss Sun is Master Bai Qiao's disciple. You have also seen the sword energy revealed during the process of uniting the swords."

"It's a little strange. I don't know why I can feel the power of Heavenly Dao from Aohai's sword energy." Yu Ling frowned slightly. She didn't know that Aohai had merged with the Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube.

Jiu You smiled: "Aohai now has four cores. There are four Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cubes in his body."

"Four Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cubes!" Yu Ling almost screamed. After realizing that he had lost his composure, Yu Ling's face turned red: "Why do you have to fuse so many..."

"She is Master Bai Qiao's disciple. Of course she gets preferential treatment. Now the new Rubik's Cube has replaced the old Rubik's Cube. And the old Rubik's Cube has been recycled and reused in this way. It's good." Jiu You said.

He didn't know if it was envy or jealousy. Yu Ling snorted softly: "Humph. It's just that (lemon)..."

...

At this time, a full three minutes had passed since the start of the game.

None of the sword spirits of the king group made any movement in the field. They were using their sword energy to communicate quickly. The voices of those groups could not be heard.

But at this moment, in the spiritual space established with sword energy, someone suddenly shouted: "Sun RongSun Rong I love you! I am Dajian! I will always support Sun RongSun Rong Sun Rong!"

"Miss Sun! I am on your side! No one can stop me. The Dagger Party will always love Sun Rong!"

After these two calls, the Sword Spirits of the King Group who were currently forming a team all showed angry expressions.

"Damn! Who called it! You're so weird! There's a traitor in our Sword Spirit team!"

"No! Not one. There seem to be many!"

In the sword spirit exchange channel, Wu Jin and Lao Man changed their voices in various ways to sow discord on the spot to prevent these kings from forming an alliance plan to form a sword spirit.

And soon. Their plan took effect.

After hearing this, the sword spirits who were originally looking for an organization had furious expressions on their faces. Everyone looked like a traitor.

The scene quickly began to turn chaotic.

Sun Rong's eyes became wary.

At this moment, a female sword spirit with short white hair and a pair of leather shorts suddenly came towards Sun Rong: "The day when the broken sword is reforged. When the knight returns!"

"..."

"It's all because of you, a human woman. Take my sword first! I will cut you from Mount Everest to a flat-topped mountain!"

"..."





Chapter 1427 Sun Rong Domain Reappears


A female sword spirit with short white hair, wearing a navel-baring leather vest and sexy leather shorts. She wielded a large green sword and slashed at Sun Rong while making faces.

The name of this female sword spirit is Liang Feng. She lives up to her name and is dressed very coolly.

The "Ghost Face Sword Technique" with a "taunting effect" is one of her ultimate moves.

This kind of swordsmanship has a facial illusion effect. If you look at it, it will arouse the desire for anger.

And in the process of fighting, being provoked is actually a taboo.

Because anger can affect a person's normal judgment, leading to mistakes.

However, Aohai's sword energy is extremely strong. When faced with such illusions, the ability to "moisten things silently" is activated.

When the sword energy is emitted, all illusions are seen through.

Liang Feng's Grimace Sword Technique had no effect at all in front of Sun Rong. It was like a punch hitting cotton.

Looking at the female sword spirit who was slashing at him while making faces at him, Sun Rong fell into a brief silence.

Under normal circumstances, if you see this grimace, you will definitely be angry.

But because the Grimace Sword Technique failed, Liang Feng made a funny face. It looked more like being cute... very Q! It felt like he wanted to pinch his face!

Then at this moment. Sun Rong suddenly woke up.

Could it be that this is the legendary... light speed QA!?

Facing Liang Feng's attack, Sun Rong quickly used his sword at a low level. Aohai's sword energy was deeper than Liang Feng imagined.

The moment the sword blades collided, she felt that all her strength was like a mud cow entering the sea. It was swallowed up by Aohai's boundless angry sea sword energy.

Then, there was a strong counterattack force, which completely ejected Liang Feng.

"careful!"

Although the girl said some outrageous things to her at first, the girl didn't take it to heart. Instead, she was worried about Liang Feng's comfort.

The moment Liang Feng flew out upside down.

She felt that the sword energy counterattacked by Aohai was like a soil plowing tractor hitting head-on at high speed.

Just when Liang Feng thought he was going to be seriously injured and eliminated.

The originally extremely ferocious sword energy instantly disintegrated in the middle and turned into a gentle force that supported her waist and placed her firmly on the ground.

"Sorry. I was too strong." Sun Rong said.

She felt that she did not have good control over Aohai's power. The game was a game. But the girl did not want to seriously injure the sword spirit here.

"Repaying evil with kindness? As expected of the Sun Rong girl. But this is a competition...the sword has no eyes." At the judging table, Jiu You shook his head. He felt that the girl seemed a little too naive.

But at this moment, a surprising scene happened.

While Sun Rong was speaking, another sword energy sneaked up from behind her.

Upon seeing this, Liang Feng rushed over and pushed Sun Rong away. He then fought with the owner of the sword energy.

"Bang!" There was a sound. After the sound of sword blades touching, the two figures that collided in the void quickly separated.

"Sneak attack from behind. What the hell!" the irritable Liang Feng yelled. He didn't look like a girl at all.

"You clearly didn't have to save me just now." Sun Rong looked at Liang Feng's back and said with a smile.

Liang Feng tilted his head, with a slight blush on his face: "Humph! Who wants to save you! I just don't want to give my prey to others!"

As soon as he finished speaking, Liang Feng collided with another sword energy attacking Sun Rong.

"I'm so annoyed. Why are you always staring at my prey!"

At this time, Liang Feng held a big sword in his hand and roared angrily: "Then I will kill you all! Go and kill my prey!"

The roar was loud. But Sun Rong could clearly feel that the hostility on Liang Feng's body had completely disappeared.

"Damn it! You actually lost a sword spirit just like this..."

At the judging table, Mo Yu couldn't help but scream. He began to realize what was different about the "Miss Sun" in front of him.

"This is...Sun Rong field..." In the Tianzihao room. Er Ha looked at this similar scene. He felt that he recalled a lot of things.

The essence of the Sun Rong field. It is a kind of self-contained strategy, the power to capture people's hearts. This kind of power generally only works on passers-by. But the effect will weaken over time.

Now with the blessing of Aohai sword energy, Er Ha was surprised to find that this Sun Rong field seems to have been upgraded. It can automatically increase the favorability of people around it and guide them!

It was just a move. The girl lost a sword spirit in the strategy. This made Er Ha a little stunned.

In Er Ha's opinion, Sun Rong has an incredible power...

"It's a pity. The power of the field is still too weak. At least for Little Master Ling, it is far from enough." At this time, Er Ha looked at the picture transmitted on the screen and fell into thought.

And in the sword fighting field, it relies on the favorability blessing effect brought by the "Sun Rong field."

Sun Rong There seems to be a lot of friendly forces here.

At first, the sword spirits of the king group clamored to form an alliance to eliminate Sun Rong. In the end, they formed an alliance to protect Sun Rong...

Of course. The two actors Wu Jin and Lao Man also contributed a lot to why it went so smoothly.

They followed Sun Rong and repeated the same trick. It was still the same trick they used on Liang Feng before.

Pretend to attack Sun Rong from behind. Then induce the sword spirits protected by the girl to take the initiative to help.

"Ah! I'm sorry. I didn't mean it! The sword energy was a little stronger. Will it hurt?"

"Be careful! It's shameless to attack from behind!"

"Who wants to help you! I just can't stand their dirty tricks!"

...

"I'm sorry. I almost seriously injured you."

"Hey! Someone is attacking you from behind. Get out of the way! Let me go!"

"Don't get me wrong. I'm not trying to help you. I'm just an upright spiritual sword!"

...

In the sword fighting field. These three magical strategies have been repeated many times.

Then, more and more sword spirits joined Sun Rong's alliance camp sequence inexplicably...

"What the hell is going on! Why are so many people starting to help this human girl!" Many onlookers in the spectator seats stomped their feet in anger.

Most of them bet their money on other promising sword spirits from the king group. They spent a huge price.

Some even went bankrupt and invested all their finances in gambling near this Sword conference.

The result was unexpected. In less than ten minutes after the competition in the king group started, one-third of the sword spirits had already been conquered and automatically joined the "Guardian Sun Rong camp."

Wu Jin and Lao Man looked at the angry sword spirits in the spectator seats and sneered in their hearts.

Oh!

Betting on dogs will lead to a happy death!

By the end, 70% of the King's Group Spirit Swords in the field had been captured by the girls.

This game looks like there is no suspense.

However. In room Number 2 of Tianzi.

The expression on Wang Ling's face never relaxed.

He could feel that the people from the infinite galaxy were about to take action...





Chapter 1428 Poker Sword Lao K


Sword Conference. With the overwhelming advantage of using the upgraded version of "Sun Rong field" to obtain a comprehensive strategy.

It seems to be a foregone conclusion who will be the champion.

In order to protect the girl, those captured sword spirits started a fierce battle with the remaining sword spirits, resulting in heavy losses for both sides.

In the end, there were less than a dozen sword spirits left in the field.

The last five sword spirit groups headed by "Lao K." Would rather die than surrender.

They were all staring angrily at Sun Rong and following the girl. Those sword spirit lickers who had been conquered.

At this time, Lao K stood at the front wearing a thick golden armor. The beard on his chin was blowing in the wind. He looked like a Saint Seiya.

Ha! I, Lao K, am not one of those dogs that follow you.

"Walking dog?"

"It means dog walker + dog licker!"

"..."

This sword spirit named Lao K is surrounded by golden sword energy.

His nickname is King's Sword. He is the 12th ranked sword spirit. His body is a "Poker Card·K."

It is said that Dao Ancestor Wang was in seclusion in the Sword King Realm when he was too bored and fought with his clones. Unexpectedly, even the playing cards turned into sword spirits.

"Lao K. It's a done deal. I think it's better for you to give up. You can't imagine Miss Sun's charm. We have decided. We will strongly recommend Miss Sun to win! If you don't vote, we will launch a collective attack and die together with you!"

Wu Jin said. He carefully analyzed the situation for Lao K: "Not counting Miss Sun, we have six people left here. One more than you. And Lao Man's "Five Seconds of Real Man" has not been used yet. If The last group fight. You will lose."

"Heh. That's not necessarily the case."

Lao K hummed. As a man with the title of King's Sword, of course he cannot surrender so easily.

Boom! A loud sound!

He stuck his golden giant sword into the ground. At this moment, three sword auras of completely different colors appeared all over his body, pouring out from this golden giant sword.

"It turned out to be the sword gambling method..." Wu Jin frowned.

"What is the sword gambling method?" Although he knew that his question might be inappropriate at this time, Sun Rong still couldn't help but feel curious.

"Have you seen Miss Sun? The three colors of gold, blue, and red sword energy on this golden giant sword..." Wu Jin explained.

These three colors of sword energy are the basis of Lao K's "Sword Gambling Technique."

Golden sword energy. It can make those injured by the sword energy feel as if they have been drugged. They will fall into a state of paralysis and be unable to move.

Blue sword energy. It can quickly restore the injury of the designated person.

The red sword energy can produce a highly lethal suicide sword, causing a huge explosion in the entire place.

Now the group stage of the Champions Group has come to an end. Almost everyone has injuries to varying degrees.

With a numerical disadvantage, Lao K chose to gamble with swords at this time. Perhaps it was indeed a wise choice.

When Lao K pulled the giant sword out of the ground again, the three-color sword energy that originally emitted would cause a rampage phenomenon, causing Lao K's golden giant sword to change color.

At that time, the giant sword will randomly select a sword energy among the three colors of sword energy and convert it into its own power!

Wu Jin didn't expect that Lao K would work so hard.

Because this "Sword Gambling Technique" is a secret method that will cost you your cultivation.

Although it is said to be Lao K's unique skill, few people have seen Lao K actually perform it.

"You actually thought of gambling with swords..." Wu Jin frowned lightly.

"Why are you talking so much? Since he wants to gamble, then just let him fail!" Liang Feng said from the side. She wanted to rush out directly to block the release of this move.

However, Wu Jin stopped him on the spot: "If you don't want to be cursed, just stay still!"

"Curse?" Liang Feng looked confused.

"Once the formation of the Gambling Sword Technique is formed, you can only gamble with him. According to legend, the formation of the Gambling Sword Technique contains the curse of Dao Ancestor. If you interfere with the formation, you will definitely be cursed by Dao Ancestor Wang!" Wu Jin said.

When he said this, Lao K, who was wearing heavy golden armor in front, couldn't help but laugh: "It seems that you know my situation very well... Not bad! What you said is right! There will indeed be interference formations. Something terrible happened!"

Perhaps it was expected that no sword spirit in the field would dare to choose to cross the line at this time. This "sword gambling" formation was forcibly interrupted. The expression on Lao K's face was particularly excited and confident.

But for Lao K, there are still variables in this sword gambling method.

Although the sword spirit will indeed be cursed, if it is a human... In fact, he has not done any corresponding experiments.

Therefore, Sun Rong became Lao K's only worry after practicing sword gambling.

Maybe he is afraid that the girl will not understand the rules and will ruin his own affairs.

At this time, after Lao K calmed down, he turned his attention to the only human girl in the field: "Girl, let me ask you, do you dare to bet with me?"

"Senior insists on going his own way. Of course I can't stop him. I just hope that senior doesn't hurt himself. Also, gambling itself is wrong." Sun Rong patiently advised. However, she expected that the poker sword in front of her would The sword spirit will never listen to his words.

"Okay! He is indeed a heroic girl! But I don't have to worry about gambling being harmful to my health!"

I heard Lao K suddenly laugh: "If I get a red card, no matter what the result is, I will give up this game!"

In this current situation, when the giant sword is drawn out later, both the golden sword energy and the blue sword energy will be beneficial to their side.

But if the red sword energy is drawn, then the situation may be irreversible...

The probability is almost 33%.

The total probability of Lao K drawing his own sword energy is 66%.

He felt that he would not carry it like that.

"Miss Sun, don't be afraid. If he draws the red self-destructing sword energy, he will be finished."

At this time, Lao Man also said: "When the time comes, I will bless you with the power of the 'Five Seconds of Real Man'. You will be completely immune to this damage."

"Actually, I can do it myself..."

"No need to say more, Miss Sun. The purpose of our participation in the competition is to help you successfully win the championship." Lao Man said: "You don't have to worry about other things. I know Miss Aohai is very strong. But you have to give us a chance to perform." one time..."

Faced with Lao Man's enthusiasm. Sun Rong was really dumbfounding.

It is estimated that the accumulation of the Sword Gambling Technique is about to be completed.

Lao K stepped forward and held the hilt of the giant sword with his hand.

What is the result? Just wait for the moment he pulls it out. Everything will be revealed...

then.

A chirping sound!

As Lao K pulled out the golden giant sword, a red light like a volcanic eruption instantly surged out from the sword!

"It's red sword energy!"

The remaining sword spirits in the field looked at this scene. They all divided their last strength, merged the sword spirits and intertwined them together to build a defensive array!

However, the explosion of this red suicide sword energy was too fast and violent.

Boom!

A huge mushroom cloud rises from the ground!

The five sword spirits on Lao K's side instantly flew backwards like scarecrows...

In the field, the heat wave hit my nose.

Among the judges, Jiu You, Yu Ling, Mo Yu, and Xiao Qian gathered their strength to build an indestructible barrier to protect all the sword spirits in the spectator seats.

"What's the result?" Yu Ling was curious. She couldn't wait to look through the thick smoke screen on the field.

Then she saw.

The seven people here, led by Sun Rong, are in an undamaged state. Lao Man's protection and Aohai's blue sword energy make their side tightly protected.

Even if a sword spirit was injured, it was repaired by Aohai's gentle sword energy.

On the other hand, the situation at Lao K seems to be more tragic.

The giant sword camp was headed by Lao K. Except for Lao K, everyone else was seriously injured.

At this time, Lao K stood up and looked at Sun Rong: "Now, as agreed, I abstain from this game!"

At the judging table. Facing Lao K's operation.

Mo Yu frowned slightly: "Really abstaining? Are the gambling products so good?"

"Not necessarily."

Jiu You smiled meaningfully: "This is what he planned."

"Okay?"

"He calculated it well. He must have drawn the red suicide sword spirit."

Jiu You said: "The evidence is that while almost everyone in Lao K's Giant Sword Party was seriously injured, Lao K himself was unscathed. This shows that he has made preparations in advance to prevent self-destruction. In addition, ..."

Yu Ling followed Jiu You's words and said: "In addition, the entire casino in the Sword King Realm is run by Lao K. So the biggest owner of the Sword Tournament King Group gambling game may be Lao K himself."

"You mean..." Mo Yu was frightened by Lao K's scheming. Her face turned pale.

"It means that before the game starts, Lao K may have put all his bets on Miss Sun." Yu Ling said.





Chapter 1429 The Chess Game of the Infinite Galaxy


The unprecedented Sword Conference ended with the victory of Sun Rong.

For the four judges, Jiu You, Yu Ling, Mo Yu and Xiao Qian, this result is no surprise because it is the result that was determined by default.

However, for the Sword Spirits who were watching, this ending obviously surprised them.

And the most important thing is that at the end of the game, Lao K's sword gambling actually added extra authenticity to this King's Group Stage.

Because there is uncertainty in the gambling itself.

What if Lao K really draws blue sword energy or golden sword energy? Maybe he can make a comeback?

Before the game of the King Group ended, Liang Feng gave Sun Rong a vicious look. The anger surging out of his eyes seemed to be an expression of sworn hatred: "Humph! I was just injured and needed treatment. Those who abstained from voting are not doing so deliberately because they have a good impression of you!"

"So. Do you still feel any pain?" Sun Rong laughed. As early as on the playing field, Liang Feng's injuries had been fully recovered by Aohai's sword energy. In fact, they were not very serious.

"I want you to be a widow!" Liang Feng blushed. He rolled his eyes and left in a hurry.

She is ranked 16th on the sword list. She also wants to save face!

Until this moment.

No one would have thought that a chaos would begin...

Sun Rong watched Liang Feng leave from the passage.

This female sword spirit made her feel unforgettable.

Although I say no, my body is very honest.

This is Sun Rong's evaluation of Liang Feng.

Her arrogant personality makes Sun Rong feel very cute.

She watched Liang Feng all the way to the entrance of the passage. She watched Liang Feng gradually disappear into the passage. At this moment, there was a shocking vibration on the ground.

"Is this...an earthquake?"

Sun Rong frowned.

I sensed that something seemed wrong.

It's the pressure from the sky!

Caught off guard. Sun Rong raised his head. He suddenly felt that there was an extremely evil force penetrating into the endless and deep universe.

This force is like a knife. It ruthlessly cuts through the blade storm of the Sword King Realm. Then it falls densely from the sky!

Countless sword spirits in the audience were shocked by this sudden overturning force.

Bang!

The defensive sword barrier formed by Jiu You and others was shattered as easily as glass under this overwhelming pressure!

"What on earth is going on..." Yu Ling frowned deeply. This pressure was so amazing.

Even with her fighting power ranked among the top three in the sword list, it was still a bit unbearable. She felt like something was strangling her throat. Even breathing became extremely difficult.

"What..." Mo Yu was shocked by the pressure. The jade crown on her head changed color according to her emotions. It turned into a frightened purple color.

Next to them, the expressions of Jiu You and Xiao Qian also changed suddenly.

This sudden and inexplicable power made them overwhelmed. The entire old sword city and the sword spirits in the entire Sword King Realm began to panic!

An invisible creature falls from the sky like rain. It is impossible to tell what it is. Only under the illumination of light, its entire body will appear in seven colors.

Their bodies are transparent, like glass. After falling on the ground, they begin to squirm regularly.

"What the hell is that?"

"Like a bug!"

"Where did the bugs come from..."

Discussed by Jiu You et al.

They differentiated their sword energy. The first reaction was to kill these bugs!

However, when their sword energy swept across these colorful insects, all the sword energy was absorbed by these insects!

Then they started to grow. From a body the size of a grain of rice, they quickly grew to the size of a child.

In the inn. Wang Ling looked at this scene.

There is no wave in my heart.

The man from the infinite galaxy. Finally lost...

"What on earth is this?" This smell was inexplicably dangerous. It made Er Ha feel uncomfortable all over.

Its fur was blown out. It quickly came to Wang Ling from Sun Rong's room.

"It's unmistakable. This is a strange creature born from chaos. It comes from the infinite galaxy." Wang Ying said.

Such chaotic creatures have never been seen in the outer galaxy.

This is a seven-color insect. When it is young, it is only the size of a grain of rice. In the first stage of growth, it is as big as a child.

At the beginning of the first stage, there is the ability to "hug the face." It will completely drain out the spiritual energy in the body of the person hugging the face.

They use energy as support and can devour spiritual power. As long as they contain spiritual power, they will be like the group of piranhas in tropical rivers that swarm up when they encounter meat. They will be eaten up in an instant.

"It seems that the other party's purpose is not only to target Leng Ming and Miss Sun. They even want to destroy the Sword King Realm." Wang Ying frowned slightly.

This is no longer an enemy that Sun Rong can deal with.

Now it has to "change hands."

Fortunately. Wang Ling has already made arrangements here.

In the sword arena. When these Chaos Facehuggers absorb sword energy from a state the size of rice grains and evolve into adults.

A snow-colored figure also arrived immediately.

"Go back!"

A young man wearing a snow-white fur coat came here. He withstood all the pressure by himself.

The brown sword energy swept across the scene. Although these facehuggers devoured psychic energy, their capacity was limited when they had not developed into a complete body. They exploded on the ground one after another.

The seven-colored liquid was like an eyeball that had been stepped on and exploded. It was flowing all over the ground.

"It's Master Jingbai! Master Jingke and Master Bai Qiao have merged!"

Some sword spirits screamed excitedly.

They rarely even see Jingke on weekdays.

At this moment, I was shocked.

It almost feels like a dream!

"grown ups!"

The pressure dissipated. Jiu You and others took the initiative to come forward and bow.

"Listen to my order. All the top 10,000 sword spirits on the sword list are dispatched! Eliminate the incoming enemies! No need to hold back. Use all your strength! When they grow to the first stage, they cannot swallow so much energy! The other sword spirits converge their swords Don't let it become the nourishment for these facehuggers!" Jingbai ordered.

"Yes! Sir!" Jiu You agreed.

This matter must call on the Sword King World to unite. And the key to the confrontation is that these bugs must not be allowed to develop into adults...

The first and second stages after the larvae can be dealt with. But if it develops into the third stage, it will be difficult to deal with.

...

When Sun Rong opened her eyes again, she found herself in a brand new place.

"School at night?"

The girl looked at the scene in front of her in surprise. She was shocked to find that this place seemed to be the Number 60 High School that she knew well.

She released Aohai's sword energy. As a result, she found that the world she was in was vast and boundless, with no boundaries at all.

This is a world shrouded in night...

At this time, Wang Ying's figure appeared here: "The defensive seeds I planted on Ying'er before have worked. Once there is danger, you will be sent here together."

"So here is..."

"Don't you know where you are yet?" Wang Ying said with a smile.

What a silly girl.

"It looks like a place similar to the core world..." Sun Rong said.

"It's not like this. It's the core world."

Wang Ying nodded. Looking at Sun Rong: "You are now in the core world of the Lord..."

Sun Rong: "This is...the core world of classmate Wang Ling!?"

At this time, he looked at the surprised face of the girl in front of him.

Wang Ying suddenly felt a little emotional.

Unknowingly, you have become his world.

And now, I'm just waiting for the day when this sealed twilight is broken through by light...





Chapter 1430 Peng Xiren


Although the Chaos Facehuggers are difficult to deal with, they are just minions sent by the opposite party after all.

This is the most basic test of the opponent.

The real trump card has not yet been released.

And at the same time that the Sword King Realm was attacked, the earth was not what Wang Ling and the monk expected. At the same time, it was attacked by Chaos Facehuggers from the Infinite Galaxy.

Those eggs that were born invisibly and looked colorful when light passed through them.

It is raining down like heavy snowdrops, along the longitude and latitude lines of the earth, at various coordinate positions.

Office of Strategic DeceptionTrue Venerated Immortal In front of the main hall. The monk walked out of the hall and looked up at the sky.

Such facehuggers are a huge trouble for the sword spirits in the Sword King Realm.

It was not long after the earth was upgraded. It will take some time to develop until the quality of cultivators around the world improves.

In a short period of time, it is simply difficult to resist such a large-scale attack.

"Senior, as expected. Satellites around the world have been jammed. The Huaxiu Alliance is still asking us what happened. The Head of State is very angry." Lord Diulei said.

"Facing the fear of the unknown. It's normal to have such a reaction."

The monk nodded and said: "With the current quality of cultivators on earth, it is normal for them not to be able to feel these things born in chaos."

In fact, the monk was already prepared.

Wang Ling Since the earth was handed over to him, even if he risked his life, he would still protect the earth.

As early as last night, the monk had cast a Buddhist net over the entire earth.

Although it cannot completely filter out facehuggers, it can resist more than 90% of intrusions.

Lord Diulei frowned: "I still don't understand. What is their purpose of attacking the earth..."

"The purpose must be for Miss Rong and the little sword spirit Leng Ming. Leng Ming is of great use to them. And the Aohai in Miss Rong's hand has been fused with 4 old Rubik's cubes. As for attacking the earth, I'm afraid it's just a side trip."

"Just a quickie?"

"Hasn't Zhenjun noticed it yet?"

At this time, the monk turned his head and looked at Lord Diulei: "The ninth of the nine Rubik's Cubes laid out by Dao Ancestor Wang is on the earth. But this old ninth Rubik's Cube has long been replaced by Ling Zhenren. It fell."

Lord Diulei was shocked when he heard this: "When...when did this happen?"

"When I upgraded Aohai for the first time for Miss Rong," the monk said.

"Then what girl Sun Rong has in Aohai now actually contains five Rubik's cubes???"

"Yes! But we are worried that Miss Rong cannot control the power very well, so we have not activated this Rubik's Cube for the time being."

The monk smiled: "So the other party's long-cherished wish to recycle this old Rubik's Cube this time is probably impossible to fulfill."

Lord Diulei: "Then since the other party can think of snatching the ninth one along the way, does that mean that in addition to the five old Rubik's Cubes in the hand of Sun Rong, the other party also has the remaining four? Already collected?"

"That's right."

"So. Everything was planned?"

"Let them help collect it. Miss Rong can also relax a little bit."

The monk nodded: "After all, the old Rubik's Cube collection trip is very risky. The Eternal Star that Miss Rong went to seems to be very friendly. But in fact, it is full of dangers. It was all planned by Ling Zhenren and Master Ying in advance. The angry Eternal Star people. It's really scary."

"How to do it? Give me money? Brother Ke Ling has always been poor. Where did he get so much money..."

"Just one sentence is enough. For example: If you don't obey, all of them will be destroyed. Something like that."

"..." Lord Diulei was shocked.

This is definitely a naked threat!!!

At this time, the monk raised his eyes.

Through the swastika, you can see that the Buddhist net laid out last night has begun to be triggered.

There are still 10% of Chaos Facehuggers left on the earth. This part needs to be cleaned up manually.

For this reason, the monk found the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception last night and cast a temporary consecration spell on everyone's "Niwan Palace."

Niwan Palace is the spiritual hub. Under the influence of the consecration technique, the spiritual perception ability can be greatly improved in a short period of time, allowing everyone's spiritual awareness to expand.

Everything is to make it easier for the Office of Strategic Deception to find these facehuggers left on the earth.

"Please, sect master, please follow the established orders."

"Okay." Lord Diulei bowed.

...

After watching Lord Diulei leave and arrange the mission, the monk stood on tiptoe lightly and left the ground. It turned into a beam of light and broke through the earth's atmosphere like a rocket and entered outer space.

The ninth old Rubik's Cube. The opponent is bound to get it.

But in fact, the Rubik's Cube on the earth has been replaced a long time ago. So why do monks still work so hard to protect the earth?

The reason is simple...

Because you don't work hard, the other party may not take the bait easily.

The harder we try to protect it, the more we can show the illusion that "this thing is important to us."

Everything is to deceive the other party into using their strength. Bring this "new Rubik's Cube" back...

The new Rubik's Cube has traps.

If the opponent takes it back, maybe they don't even have to steal the tower. They can just blow up the base crystal on the opposite side...

So far. All operations are going smoothly.

However, the monk did not relax his vigilance.

After all, the opponent comes from the Infinite Galaxy. And this is the first time the monk has seen a Chaos Facehugger of this size.

Since the opponent can collect so many insect eggs to launch an attack, I am afraid that this matter has been planned for many years.

Once you choose to take action, you must be extremely confident in your actions.

"Sir, come out... poor monk. It's right here."

Not far from the earth. The monk is wearing a purple and gold cassock. He is staring at somewhere.

Soon, a figure surrounded by stars appeared.

The young man was surrounded by stars. His figure gradually condensed into a solid body.

"Monk, I haven't seen you for many years. You are still so innocent." The young man surrounded by stars seemed to know the monk. He came up and said hello.

The young man is handsome, tall and fair, and his fair skin is particularly eye-catching under the starlight.

Peng Xiren...

The monk's lifelong enemy.

But he died a long time ago.

But about this incident, the monk had a premonition and felt that this person might still be alive.

Everything was exactly as he expected. The monk looked calm and stared at the other person: "That fortune teller must be you."

"I don't know what you're talking about."

Peng Xiren smiled. He didn't want to admit it.

"You, who have always been aloof and arrogant, have become someone else's pawn. If Dao Ancestor knew about it, he would be very disappointed." The monk lowered his eyes slightly and sighed.

"It's just. Everyone takes what they need."

Peng Xiren put his hands behind his back and corrected: "I am not a chess piece. I am just that person's chess object. Everything is based on equal conditions... If something really goes wrong in the end, I can kill him." It's just a matter of raising your hand."

"You are too confident."

The monk frowned slightly: "You still don't understand that person. You don't know how much Dao Ancestor spent in order to seal him..."

"Stop talking nonsense, bald donkey. You don't understand me at all."

Peng Xiren looked at the monk in front of him with a smile: "Because I am the only disciple of Dao Ancestor Wang..."





Sun Rong and Wang Nuan} Extra 5: Behind the scenes·Wang Nuan


Songhai city center. In a cafe in a large shopping mall.

A long-legged young man wearing a mask and sunglasses and covering himself tightly walked in.

He looked around and finally locked in a position. He came to a little girl to confirm the connection code.

Wang Ming: "Use one word to describe the author of {The Daily Life of the Immortal King}!"

Wang Nuan: "Short!"

Great. Confirmation complete!

Wang Ming nodded with satisfaction. Then he sat down naturally and snapped his fingers to the waiter next to him: "A cup of coffee."

"Sir, we can DIY coffee here. What flavor do you want?"

"Take a glass of iced blueberry. Thank you very much!"

Waiter: "Okay...ok..."

Wang Nuan couldn't help but snicker. I'm afraid Brother Ming's bad attributes cannot be changed.

They are obviously married people!

"Where's Mrs. Zhai Yin?" Wang Nuan asked, taking a sip of the salty lemonade on the table.

"Today's pregnancy test. I was going to accompany her, but you suddenly called me. Yinzi said she could just go by herself. She pushed me here." Wang Ming smiled bitterly.

"I'm so sorry, sister-in-law..." Wang Nuan blushed and felt a little embarrassed.

"It's okay. They are all members of the family. And she knows very well that you came to me probably because of Ling Ling's matter." Wang Ming raised his chin and said, "I heard that you played a big game of chess?"

"It's just about creating opportunities."

Wang Nuan chuckled and said, "Today's parent-teacher meeting was really lively!"

"It seems that Eternal Talisman is very useful."

"Very powerful! My brother has already fallen into the trap!" Wang Nuan said with a smile.

"This is my confident work. It is very strong. As long as it sticks on, there is no need to worry about losing control. And the software can be used to automatically adjust the sealing strength. When strength is needed, it can also be liberated."

Wang Ming said: "And the most important thing is that as long as your brother has posted it, you don't need to post it. Eternal Talisman will automatically form a seal on the blood-related psychic overflowers based on the DNA gene chain. Of course, your power It can also be controlled through the software terminal."

"That's why I came to see Brother Ming."

At this time, Wang Nuan said seriously: "I may need to temporarily lift the restrictions. This is the last step of the big plan."

"You little girl. You really like to worry."

Wang Ming couldn't help but laugh. He stared at Wang Nuan. There was some depth in his eyes: "Although you look only ten years old, I feel that you have deep thoughts. Tell me, girl. After all. What's going on? You can't lie to me."

"It's the relationship between Shadow and Fate..."

"That's it." Wang Ming understood instantly: "Fate itself can only see its own state in other parallel spaces. But you have mastered the power of shadow, so you can indirectly see other people..."

Wang Nuan stuck out his tongue and muttered: "At first, I was just curious! But when I read it, it was like reading a novel. I couldn't stop at all..."

"So, what would it be like if Ling Ling was in other parallel dimensions?"

"I've seen every thread in every universe. 33.33% of my brother died alone, 33.33% was single for a thousand years, and 33.33% was arranged to go on a blind date and get married with someone who doesn't have any affection..."

Wang Nuan raised his eyebrows: "The whole world is giving birth. Only my brother has nothing..."

"His character is not surprising..."

After hearing this, Wang Ming raised his forehead together.

"You said a total of 99.99% of the situation...where are the 0.01%?"

"Well..."

Wang Nuan's face felt a little hot: "Of course I'm with Sister Rongrong!"

"The probability is so low?!" Wang Ming was surprised.

"So, every next step cannot go wrong. It must be in the process of gradually releasing my brother's emotions, so that he can fully understand himself." Wang Nuan answered.

"But do you think this ending is what he wants?"

Wang Ming held his chin and thought: "And the current emotions are slowly released because they were too deeply suppressed in the past. Those emotions that have never been expressed in the past will be stronger than normal after they are released. The increase...maybe...maybe it's not his true wish."

Wang Nuan crossed his arms and frowned: "So! Just to confirm this, I have to take the last step of the big plan! So now, I need more strength!"

"Tell me. What do you want to do?" Wang Ming asked.

Compared to Wang Ling's powerful spiritual power.

Ah Nuan girl's Shadow ability is actually more gentle. As long as it is carefully controlled, there will be no accidents in the short term even if it is fully released.

But in order to avoid unexpected situations, such as the earth blowing up again...

Wang Ming felt that it would be better if he fully understood the whole plan.

"That's it. Create a new earth." Wang Nuan's words were concise and to the point.

"Are you really going to blow up the earth?" Wang Ming was startled.

At this time, the waiter from the previous coffee shop came over with coffee: "Sir...your variegated root latte."

He actually didn't hear it very clearly.

But Wang Ming's words "You really want to blow up the earth" almost made him knock over his coffee cup in shock.

Then, the waiter glanced at the cousin duo who were plotting with a very strange look, then put down the coffee and left with a suspicious look on his face.

"It's not like it blew up. It just meant that the civet cat was replaced by the prince..."

It wasn't until the waiter completely left that Wang Nuan said to Wang Ming in a low voice.

Fortunately, she was prepared.

He immediately took out a fully written plan from his pink schoolbag that looked like a treasure chest: "This is my plan."

"The preparation is quite detailed."

Wang Ming raised the corners of his lips. He glanced at the top of the plan. The title of Douda: {The Last Beam of Light Breaking Through the Shadows}

"Ah Nuan...are you writing a romance novel?"

Wang Ming couldn't help but laugh.

He glanced at the plan roughly. Then his expression gradually became serious: "Ah Nuan. I think it would be better if we change the place to talk."

"Agree." Wang Nuan nodded and stood up with his schoolbag on his back.

She glanced at the weird-looking coffee shop waiter over there: "How to deal with this person?"

Wang Ming whispered: "I raise my hand. You raise your leg..."

Wang Nuan: "Do you want to kill me? Brother Ming, you are so cruel!"

"Just kidding..."

Wang Ming: "Just use the amnesia technique."

"..."

The waiter stood very far away. In fact, he couldn't hear what Wang Nuan and the others were saying.

However, he could feel that there was a particularly eye-catching word "danger" hanging above his head...

...

At the same time, facing the night.

The parent-teacher conference of Number 61 Affiliated Primary School is about to begin.

Each class has its own small auditorium for parent-teacher conferences.

After dinner in the cafeteria, Wang Ling and Sun Rong arrived early under the guidance of Teacher Zhuang.

They chose a corner position. Wang Ling stepped aside and let Sun Rong sit inside.

Among the parents who entered the venue one after another, a dark-skinned young man entered and scanned Sun Rong.,

He walked over quickly and touched his head: "Hello. Which classmate are you the parent of...Why haven't I seen you before?"

"Ah. I'm here to hold a meeting on your behalf." Sun Rong responded with an awkward yet polite smile.

"What a coincidence. Me too!" The young man felt that he had found a topic.

This is the skill of striking up a conversation.

In situations like parent-teacher conferences, as long as you have skills, you can still strike up a conversation smoothly.

And this... is one of the purposes of his coming to the parent-teacher meeting this time.

He saw Sun Rong at a glance and judged from her age. Sun Rong was most likely here to hold a parent-teacher conference. After all, such a young and beautiful girl still maintains such a perfect figure. It is very important to have children. Rare cases.

"So after the parent-teacher meeting, do you have time to go... have a cup of tea?"

The dark-skinned young man approached with an attentive look on his face, wanting to sit down next to Sun Rong.

Seeing this. Wang Ling moves. Take the first step to grab the position.

At the same time, he looked at him with a somewhat cold gaze and replied: "No."

...

Note: For the complete extra, please go to the WeChat public account (Ku Xuanjun) to read. Reply keywords: Extra

The fifth chapter of the extra chapter is two in one. The remaining half will be released on the WeChat official account later. In addition, the foreshadowing of "Eternal Talisman" will be gradually revealed after the duel with "Peng Xiren", the only disciple of the main line Dao Ancestor Wang.





Chapter 1431 Monk vs. Peng Xiren


Peng Xiren is still alive. This does not surprise the monk.

After all, it is as he said. He is the only disciple of Dao Ancestor Wang...

Whether in the world of cultivation or elsewhere, it seems that as long as powerful people with certain abilities like to play this "suspended death game", they are afraid that others will not know that they are big bosses.

The monk sighed silently.

As for faking his own death...actually, he has done it before.

Usually, a powerful person fakes his death. On the one hand, it is to dig out the inner ghosts around him and see clearly the attitude of the people around him towards this matter.

On the other hand, it is to avoid death and so on.

But none of the above situations were the monk's original intention.

The monk faked his death back then, just to get some skin.

He used his experience in one of his lifetimes to experience it. After discovering that he had faked his own death.

Those who denigrate, those who mourn, those who commemorate...all kinds of ghosts and ghosts will surface after suspended animation.

This process is quite torturous, but the pleasure lies in the feeling when the faked death is revealed and reappears in front of everyone.

The young man in front of him, surrounded by stars, seemed to enjoy the feeling of surprise when others saw him.

"So, the purpose of your fake death is to devote more energy to the infinite galaxy and search for Dao Ancestor's celestial tomb..." the monk guessed.

"I already know where the Sky Tomb is. Now there is only the last step left. I will take the sealed people with me." Peng Xiren has made all the plans. It seems that he has a chance to win.

"It seems that there is only one battle left..." The monk closed his eyes.

"Remember, when you saw me, I was Dao God. But now, it's different." Peng Xiren smiled confidently, as if he had a chance to win.

"I know. You have entered the ancestral realm. If you were Dao God, even a poor monk would not even bother to take a look." The monk also smiled.

Now his strength has returned to its prime. Even stronger than before...

"Me too." Peng Xiren said: "We haven't seen each other for many years. Bald Donkey, you have become stronger. I was no match for you before. I want to see if I am still weaker than you now."

"There are mountains beyond the mountains. There is still a certain distance between you and your master." The monk said.

The true realm of Dao Ancestor Wang. It is not just Dao Ancestor.

He is the first person to enter the ancestral realm.

Hence the title Dao Ancestor Wang.

And now. Dao Ancestor Wang is definitely more powerful.

"Even if there is a distance, it's not too far. I feel like I've caught up with Master."

Peng Xiren finished.

"Boom!"

His body's starlight surged, causing stage waves. There was a strong wave surging.

At the same moment, the blood in his body continued to surge. A star dragon made of diamonds emerged from Peng Xiren's body. It kept struggling. Then a dragon roar erupted with a roar.

When this star dragon appeared, it directly scattered the surrounding starry sky. The energy fluctuations were too powerful!

The monk saw that the situation was not good. Almost at the moment when Peng Xiren called out to Star Dragon, he took Peng Xiren to transfer space and moved the battlefield to the outer galaxy.

"There's no point in moving the battlefield. I'll kill you. Rubik's Cube on Earth. I'm bound to win." Peng Xiren opened his eyes.

At this time, the star dragon behind him quickly penetrated into his body, and finally turned into an imprint of surging starlight on his chest, arms and forehead.

"This is..." The monk stared at him with deep eyes, wanting to see Peng Xiren thoroughly.

Every inch of Peng Xiren's body, which was as white as snow, could be seen shining brightly. The stars were lingering, exuding an immortal power.

After jumping into the realm of Dao Ancestor, Peng Xiren's realm is indeed different from before. The sense of oppression brought by it is too strong. It is more powerful than all the family heads in the God's Domain combined!

"Not only have you entered the realm of Dao Ancestor. You have also practiced Dao Ancestor's set of {All Realms Stardust Technique} to the eighth level of perfection..." Such a change really surprised the monk. Because when he first met Peng Xiren. The young man has just practiced this technique. He has not even reached the second level.

But now, he has cultivated to the state of Dzogchen.

The eighth level of Dzogchen. Also known as: The Immortal Diamond.

As long as the power of starlight continues, Peng Xiren will have an endless supply of energy. Even if he is injured, he can be quickly repaired by the surrounding starlight.

"Bald Ass. As you can see. Now I am. The Immortal Son of the Stars..."

Peng Xiren whispered. His eyes were cold. His whole body was glowing. The roar of the star dragon in his body rumbled.

{All Worlds Stardust Kung Fu} is the first Kung Fu under Dao Ancestor. In the context of the battlefield in the universe, he is equal to invincible!

"I'll let you know what it means to be invincible...kill!"

Peng Xiren's hair was shining with starlight. It was hanging down. His eyes were frightening. Without any modification, he punched the monk's smooth forehead with a straight punch.

The small fist condenses countless starlight around it!

This is Peng Xiren condensing the power of the stars. He has refined all the bones in his body into the Supreme Star Bone. It can absorb the power of the surrounding starlight to increase bone density and greatly enhance his own strength.

This punch seems inconspicuous. Without any modification, it is still shockingly powerful. It is not a problem at all to kill the head of the family in the divine domain...

Boom!

Monk Jin Deng held his breath. Facing this punch, he fell into trance and did not dodge or dodge.

He took it with his own physical strength. During the collision, the final punch seemed to hit a piece of hard iron. There was a buzzing sound, and a harsh high-frequency vibration of metal collision erupted.

The monk knew very well that Peng Xiren did not use all his strength in this attack.

I probably only used about 30% of my strength...

"Cough." At this moment, blood oozed from the corner of the monk's mouth.

Although he seemed to be fine, the punch had already caused some internal injuries to him.

"Bald Donkey. You are too confident. You actually resisted with your own body. You didn't even leave any means of defense. Are you looking down on me?" Peng Xiren said.

At the same time, I was sighing in my heart.

An average opponent wouldn't be able to withstand even 10% of his strength.

30% of the power. The soul is flying away is just the basic operation.

There are only a handful of people in this world who can withstand his punch.

"You are injured internally. You bald donkey." Peng Xiren couldn't help but laugh. The monk's confidence ultimately harmed himself.

However, just when he was feeling proud, he saw three groups of gorgeous Buddha fires blooming suddenly on the monk's Tianling Cap.

Peng Xiren's expression changed instantly: "The three most holy fires of Buddhism...you actually have an epiphany!?"

He could tell at a glance that these three groups of Buddha fire were exactly: past Buddha fire, present Buddha fire and future Buddha fire...

I know a lot about Peng Xiren, the sage of Buddhism. But it is extremely rare to be able to realize three Buddha Fires at the same time!

He is worthy of being his lifelong enemy!

Peng Xiren's expression became excited.

Now, his master has entered reincarnation and cannot control him for the time being.

Just kill the monk in front of you...

In this universe, no one can limit him anymore.

After all, in this universe surrounded by stars.

His eighth layer of immortal diamond is invincible!





Chapter 1432. Can it be killed instantly? It's hard!


The Buddha's fire was golden when it began to condense. The monk dispersed the three groups of Buddha's fire and transformed them into three different strange colors.

Past, present, and future. Three groups of Buddhist fire condensed on the monk's heavenly spirit cap. They circled around the monk's purple and gold cassock.

Gray Buddha Fire: represents the past.

It symbolizes the road that has been traveled. You can miss the past, but you don't have to be attached to the past. The meaning of gray is: if you have been attached to it, let go of it. If you have been concerned, no worries...

Green Buddha Fire: represents the present.

I have best wishes for a smooth future.

And the white Buddha fire: represents the future.

Symbolizes unpredictability and various uncertainties.

The three fires gathered together like three flowers gathering at the top. Suddenly, the monk's momentum suddenly became different.

"Bald Donkey. I'm going to be serious. I will definitely kill you with the next blow..."

Peng Xiren squinted his eyes. Stars bloomed all over his body. Thousands of rays of light. The starlight under his feet gathered like a storm. He transformed into a huge unicorn mount!

This is a magic mount summoned with powerful abilities!

The monk thought it was still a star dragon. Unexpectedly, it turned out to be a unicorn.

"The dual appearance of dragon and unicorn..." The monk frowned slightly. He looked at the young man in front of him who was surrounded by stars and seemed to be one body. There was a trace of movement in his calm expression that was invisible to the naked eye.

As the only disciple of Dao Ancestor Wang.

Peng Xiren is indeed the proudest man of all time.

The imperial dharma like dragon and unicorn can appear in one person at the same time.

If anyone else were here they would be scared out of their wits.

"Kill!" He stood on the top of the Qilin's head. Holding the Qilin's horn with one hand, he urged his mount. It was like a rapidly falling mountain crushing towards the monk. The Qilin's front hooves lifted up and it suddenly crashed down!

The star dragon mark on the body bursts out with light. The twin methods are superimposed on each other. The power is infinite!

At the same moment, Wang Ling was also calmly observing the battle from the front line through King's Eyes.

"It's really strong. At least the special effects are enough." Er Ha watched with fear.

As far as the scene is concerned, the showdown between Peng Xiren and the monk seems to be no less than the previous showdown between Wang Ling and Wang Ying.

The image projected by King's Eyes can also convey the sense of oppression here very realistically.

"Coming from the infinite galaxy. He is also the first disciple of Dao Ancestor Wang. He is indeed extraordinary." Er Ha sighed while observing the reaction of someone next to him.

To be honest, after seeing Peng Xiren's strength, Er Ha suddenly had a doubt in his heart...I don't know if Wang Ling can beat Peng Xiren.

But this concern was quickly dispelled.

Because Wang Ling was on the side. There was never the slightest wave of emotion on his face.

It's as if you are just watching a big movie with ordinary special effects.

No waves. In fact, this is the best reaction.

This proves that at least against Peng Xiren. His master's strength is definitely not inferior to him...

So now comes the problem.

Even if he can beat him, can this Peng Xiren be killed instantly like the previous ones...

It was so curious that it couldn't help but look at Wang Ling and asked: "How is it?"

Wang Ling: "?"

Er Ha: "Can this person be killed instantly?"

Wang Ling: "It's difficult."

"It's difficult?"

Er Ha looked incredulous.

It was extremely surprised. It didn't expect that the leader it had known for so long would actually give such an answer.

But now that I have said that, it seems...this Peng Xiren is indeed no ordinary person.

Wang Ying couldn't help laughing. She looked at Er Ha: "What are you thinking? What the Lord means is, this Peng Xiren. It's hard not to be killed by him instantly."

"..." Er Ha was shocked.

So this is the true meaning of "difficult?"

God is so difficult!

Er Ha: "This is Dao Ancestor..."

Wang Ying: "Dao Ancestor. What's wrong? It's Dao Ancestor. Don't you need to be slapped?"

Er Ha: "But I clearly saw Little Master Ling looking embarrassed..."

Wang Ying: "He thinks it's too monotonous to slap him to death every time. He doesn't know what to do."

Er Ha: "..."

"Also..."

When Wang Ying said this, his eyes dimmed and he said no more.

And there is.

The origin of the fortune teller is undoubtedly Peng Xiren...

This account needs to be settled.

And judging from the current situation, there is a lot of other information about Peng Xiren.

It would be a pity to kill him directly.

It's best to beat him to death.

So the blood pressure line is very important...

This is the problem that Wang Ling. is having a headache about.

...

On the other side. The battle between Peng Xiren and the monk continues. The Unicorn Dharma form traveled across the sky, and its hooves stomped down. The monk's body was torn apart. It was crushed into gold dust.

"It's a fake body." However, Peng Xiren is indeed Peng Xiren. As the only disciple of Dao Ancestor Wang, he could see through the monk's trick of using fake bodies at a glance.

Peng Xiren was able to complete the act of changing the civet cat for the prince under his nose. The monk's magic power really had to make Peng Xiren admire him.

"Monk, you can't get rid of me... In the cosmic environment, all the stars are my eyes." Although he still couldn't see the monk, he clearly knew the location of the monk's true body.

Previously, the monk used three balls of Buddha fire to cover himself.

These three kinds of Buddhist fire, which control the power of the past, present and future, can distort time and space, thereby diluting one's own sense of space existence.

But such tricks obviously cannot fool Peng Xiren.

"Poor monk. Right here."

And when the monk stood in front of Peng Xiren again, Peng Xiren discovered that the monk was pointing his head at him.

Peng Xiren actually didn't understand what the monk wanted to do. He couldn't help laughing: "Monk, do you want to hit me with the iron head skill? I'm afraid you can't withstand my physical strength. Use your head to hit me." You're just digging your own grave."

He just finished speaking.

Ahead, where the monk's head was, there was suddenly a "click, click, click, click" sound like a machine gun. Blue fire quickly erupted...

Tens of thousands of missiles appear from the six scars on the monk's head. These "missiles" are only the size of a pen. But each one contains amazing terrifying energy!

What is this...

Peng Xiren was confused by the monk's behavior. To be honest, he was shocked.

These missiles fired from the "ring scar" on the monk's head are incredibly powerful and full of unimaginable power!

And the most important thing is that Peng Xiren actually smelled the smell of heavenly calamity from the product.

"This monk can actually summon heavenly calamity with his own power?" Peng Xiren frowned. He felt a little hard to understand.

This heavenly calamity is a divine power that naturally arises when one's realm exceeds one's realm! The higher the realm, the more powerful the heavenly calamity one faces.

Peng Xiren remembers when he jumped from Dao God to Dao Ancestor. The scene was too exaggerated. He almost died in that disaster!

And now, the "missiles" fired by the monk from the scar are exactly the same as the power of his Tribulation Transcendence!

How is this done?

The monk couldn't help but laugh: "This is the poor monk. He has been reincarnated for nearly four thousand lives. He has absorbed the power of the tribulation... Now, the poor monk will shoot them all out. I will give you a wave of rockets!"





Chapter 1433 Welcome the Immortal King!


This is the power of heavenly calamity that the monk spent nearly 4,000 reincarnations condensing.

In the process of every heavenly tribulation, monks have the habit of using ring scars to absorb the power of the heavenly tribulation, and then store it.

All these energies will be entrenched in the monk's Tianling Cap as backup energy for emergencies.

For example, when a monk travels around the universe, if his spiritual energy is insufficient, a catastrophe can bring him a huge amount of spiritual energy.

For example, when a monk wants to eat hot pot, he will set up a pot above his head, put some vegetables in it, and use the spiritual energy brought by the tribulation to heat it.

Another example is the monk's {Consecration}. The spiritual energy consumed by a consecration is actually very huge. It is much more convenient if the energy of the tribulation is there.

And these stored tribulations can also be used as weapons!

As long as it is combined with the iron elements in the body, the monk can quickly condense a missile coat containing the energy of the tribulation, and finally launch it from his own ring scar!

"What a madman! He actually stored the heavenly calamity in his own Tianling Cap!" Peng Xiren didn't expect that the monk had such a method.

The calamity energy is too manic!

Is this thing something that can be stored in your head casually? If you don't do it right, your head will explode!

All I can say is that Monk Jin Deng is indeed a tough guy!

Such behavior is tantamount to a person installing a nuclear power plant in his head that is at high risk of leaking at any time... And now, the monk has used the "mobile nuclear power plant" in his head to create a large number of weapons.

What a joke!

This is not true at all!

Peng Xiren looked solemn. These calamity missiles launched seemed to be small in size, but their destructive power was huge! And most importantly, there were too many of them!

It's no different than the scene where tens of thousands of divine punishment horses descend into the world!

Peng Xiren stared at the countless missile heads. He shrunk to the ground and immediately moved away to avoid it. However, these missiles have tracking functions and can completely ignore obstacles in front!

The aura of catastrophe exuded from the warhead forms an energy coat that protects the warhead during the shuttle. It is a small meteorite that can ignore all obstacles in front of it.

"We have to use something bigger to block it..."

Peng Xiren gathered his punch power and punched through an asteroid in front of him. At the moment of passing through, he used the power of the stars to repair the damaged planet.

This action was extremely fast. Some of the tracking missiles hit it directly.

Then... directly blow up the planet to pieces.

Boom!

The planet exploded. Accompanied by the shrill screams of the planet's spirit, fire and high temperatures soared into the sky!

At this time, Peng Xiren looked behind him and found that a large number of calamity missiles rushed out of the explosion area in unison.

Damn...

Peng Xiren did not expect that the power of this calamity missile would be so huge.

He used this method to try to consume the missiles. However, he found that in fact, not much was consumed at all.

The power of the calamity missiles is too great. Among the missiles at the front, only one or two can blow the planet to pieces. However, the large group of missiles following behind can still pass through safely without any damage.

"There is nothing I can do. Monk... you forced me to do it." Peng Xiren realized at this moment that if he didn't come up with some means, he might be at a disadvantage in this battle.

He didn't want to use the big killing move he wanted to make next. This move was originally used by Peng Xiren when he planned to deal with Wang Ling.

Maybe you can kill that boy with one punch!

But now. Peng Xiren felt that he had to take action.

These tens of thousands of calamity missiles are indeed difficult to withstand.

However, these calamity missiles were accumulated by the monks over time. They were not endless. Peng Xiren could only avoid them while gathering the power of the surrounding stars.

He is like a moving black hole, absorbing all the nearby starlight and condensing it in his body.

The monk saw that the star dragon mark on Peng Xiren was glowing.

At this time, the monk curled his lips abruptly.

Because his purpose has been achieved.

Originally, the monk's use of the Heavenly Tribulation Missile was not to kill Peng Xiren.

This man is extremely capable. There is definitely a way to deal with such a calamity missile.

So from the beginning, the monk's purpose is to force Peng Xiren to do more "unique skills."

He knew that Wang Ling at this moment must also be watching this battle.

As for the duel between him and Peng Xiren, winning or losing is not the key. The key is to be able to better see Peng Xiren on the other side.

After firing approximately 160,000 calamity missiles, the monk's inventory has bottomed out. The blue fire on the scar on his head disappeared, and hot steam billowed outward.

Peng Xiren knew his time had come: "Monk! Your turn is over. It's my turn!"

The monk raised his eyebrows.

He himself did not expect that the battle with Peng Xiren would turn out to be a turn-based game.

However, what kind of skills will the opponent use?

The monk himself was also very curious.

At this time, the monk raised his smoking head and looked forward.

But he saw Peng Xiren suddenly stop somewhere deep in the galaxy outside the territory.

Starlight surged all over his body, emitting a terrifying light! The starlight he had absorbed before completely burst out at this moment, just like a small sun!

Just for a moment. The time ahead seemed to have stopped. One of these condensed starlights exploded. The time and space was actually distorted, causing a gap in the flow of time around them. The catastrophe missiles that were rushing forward at extremely fast speeds slowed down. Come down.

At this moment, it was as if the entire universe was imprisoned. Only Peng Xiren exuded a starry sky of destruction, dazzling and dazzling.

Such a miracle was so amazing that even the monk was surprised.

A few seconds. It was an endless time...

then!

Peng Xiren punched the monk from a distance: "Galaxy Punch!"

Boom! At this moment, all the starlight in Peng Xiren's body exploded at this moment. A billion-sized star dragon seemed to be able to rush directly to the end of the universe. It rushed towards the monk's body!

This is a terrifying punch that condenses the power of countless stars!

"Ouch!"

As the star dragon approached the monk at the speed of light, it divided into thousands of ways. All the dragons roared together. The sound shook the entire universe!

The galaxy outside the territory is no longer peaceful. The huge energy beam produced by the Galaxy Fist carries a posture of destroying everything. It smashes all obstacles in front of it!

"Monk, this is the final blow!" Peng Xiren looked at his masterpiece with full confidence.

It goes without saying that the power of his Galaxy Fist is huge. If it were stored for a longer period of time, it would be even more powerful.

This punch may not kill the monk, but it can seriously injure him. Peng Xiren thinks there is no problem at all.

And just when the Galaxy Fist was about to approach the monk.

At this time, a figure appeared in front of the monk.

"Welcome the Immortal King!"

The monk closed his eyes and smiled.

Wang Ling's expression was calm. He stared at the incomparably bright star dragon incarnate as Galaxy Fist in front of him. He just blew a gentle breath.

Whoop! A sound.

The vast swath of starlight ahead was like a candle that was extinguished in an instant. All disappeared...





Chapter 1434 The Dharma of Wang Ling


Galaxy Fist is extremely powerful. When it is activated, Wang Ling can clearly feel the feeling of resonance throughout the universe.

He was worried that the monk would not be able to withstand the blow, so he took action.

And the breath he blew, although he did not use all his strength, was definitely more than enough to withstand the frontal impact.

But what Wang Ling never expected was that Peng Xiren's {Galaxy Fist} would actually be as weak as a candle. In an instant, it turned into a wisp of smoke and disappeared.

A bit weak...

Wang Ling feels that it is completely different from what he imagined.

Of course. The upper limit of Galaxy Fist is actually quite high.

After all, it is a power-charging type of boxing.

As long as Peng Xiren has enough time, he might be able to charge up a punch that can hurt him.

After all, the universe is really too big.

Boundless.

Surrounded by countless stars, Peng Xiren gathered the power of the stars and condensed energy from the starlight. It can be said to be inexhaustible.

In the inn in the Sword King Realm. Wang Ying replaced Wang Ling here to broadcast the scene.

He doesn't have King's Eyes.

So I just used a kind of {shadow imaging}. 4K, ultra-high frame rate, smooth movement, zero delay... The only disadvantage is that the picture becomes black and white.

It makes Er Ha feel like watching an old black and white movie.

The monk Wang Ling personally went to help. As for the Sword King Realm, with him and Jingbai here, nothing will happen.

Er Ha was once again shocked by this scene: "Why does it feel like I blew a mouthful of birthday cake?"

"It's already amazing to be able to counteract the commander's blow. Otherwise, this breath would have gone directly through the air and hit him." Wang Ying folded his arms and said.

"So. The ancestral realm is actually very strong?" Er Ha asked.

"Of course." Wang Ying nodded: "There are not many people in this world who are in the ancestral realm. Even the masters of the God's Domain have not been able to take this step. Only the Gu family has some signs of it. Although such a realm is Extraordinary. But compared to the Lord, it's still not good enough."

Er Ha: "..."

Previously. Wang Ling and Wang Ying were worried about the problem of Infinite Galaxy.

Due to their lack of understanding of the Infinite Galaxy, they thought Peng Xiren was a little too powerful because he was a master worthy of breaking the seal of Talisman.

After seeing the results now, two huge words flashed through their hearts: That's it?

At this time, Er Ha sighed: "It seems. This Peng Xiren is going to die."

"uncertain."

Wang Ying shook his head: "The Lord has no intention of killing him, because there are still many things he wants to ask him. Besides, after all, this is a master of the ancestral realm. I am afraid there are many ways to resurrect him."

"Yes..." Er Ha nodded.

At this time, a question suddenly appeared in the dog's head.

It is indeed normal for people like Peng Xiren to have life-saving skills.

However, no matter how difficult it is, can Bai Zhe still be difficult to deal with?

God knows what Bai Zhe will think of himself in the future. He will force himself to cause trouble...

On the other side. In the extraterrestrial galaxy. As the Galaxy Fist was calmed down by Wang Ling in one breath, the nearby space temporarily fell into deathly silence.

"It's you..."

At this time, Peng Xiren looked in horror at the figure that suddenly appeared in front of the monk like a ghost.

The corners of his eyes twitched. He couldn't believe the scene before him.

The {Galaxy Fist} that I condensed was extinguished by the opponent without any effort...

This is something Peng Xiren didn't expect.

Although he has long known that Wang Ling is very strong.

Definitely a strong man above the ancestral realm...

But now. Peng Xiren feels that he still slightly underestimated Wang Ling's true combat power.

Although. What the monk said earlier was very slight.

But Peng Xiren still heard it.

He heard what monk Jin Deng said: Welcome the immortal king.

immortal king...

What kind of realm is this?

After Dao Ancestor. All realms have an ancestor character.

And Dao Ancestor is the beginning of the ancestral realm.

But in Peng Xiren's knowledge, there is no realm called the immortal king.

Could it be that this is another level beyond the ancestral realm?

How is that possible!

Peng Xiren frowned slightly. He didn't want to believe all this.

However, in front of him, this man with delicate features and dead fish eyes was standing in front of him. He did not exude the slightest breath from his body. Just standing here made Peng Xiren feel an inexplicable pressure.

"How brave. You actually proclaimed yourself the Immortal King... My master is not as conceited as you." Peng Xiren stared at Wang Ling. Starlight gathered in his hands. It seemed that he was trying to gather the second blow of "Galaxy Fist" .

Wang Ling has already noticed it, but pretends not to know.

Anyway, this punch didn't actually pose much of a threat to him when it didn't have enough energy.

Immortal King...

For Wang Ling, this is just a title.

In fact, even Wang Ling himself doesn't know where his limits are.

In the beginning, when he was born, his realm steadily increased every two years... But after that, the rate of increase in his realm got out of control.

And until now, even Wang Ling himself doesn't know how many realms he has broken through. Sometimes, the breakthroughs are even made unconsciously.

While sleeping, while studying, while squatting on the toilet, while eating crispy noodles, while voting for Ku Xuan...

A breakthrough may occur at any time.

And the strange thing is that every time he breaks through, he doesn't need Tribulation Transcendence.

Completely different from other cultivators.

So Wang Ling doesn't know if it's because of his amazing natural bones. Or maybe it's because of the calamity that he doesn't dare to provoke him at all...

Buzz!

While he was dazed, Peng Xiren rioted again in front of him. He condensed his divine power in his hands. While accumulating power, he solidified the dharma seals on his arms!

The two star dragon markings seemed to be awakening. They suddenly jumped out from the upper arm. Then they wrapped themselves around Peng Xiren's forearm. The dragon body coiled around and finally formed a spiral muzzle!

"It seems that this is the complete form of Galaxy Fist..." The monk was surprised. He didn't expect that Peng Xiren had the ability to transform magic into weapons.

The Galaxy Fist fired in this form will be even more powerful!

Peng Xiren was very proud. Full of confidence: "Wang Ling...You dare to wait for me. Galaxy·Cannon·Fist·Cannon! Have you finished charging!"

Wang Ling spread his hands indifferently, indicating to Peng Xiren that he was free.

Peng Xiren was irritated by Wang Ling's frivolous attitude: "You don't even show the Dharma? Are you looking down on me? Do you think you can withstand my punch with your own physical strength?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Hearing this, he sighed silently.

I just feel like the person in front of me is so troublesome.

It was obvious that he was thinking about this person, so he didn't follow the Dharma...

In the end, Peng Xiren blamed himself for looking down on him.

Now that I have said that, Wang Ling feels that there is no need to be polite.

Just the blink of an eye.

A dot the size of a grain of rice appeared on Wang Ling's face.

At the corner of the right eye, it looks like a tear mole from a distance.

"Are you kidding me? This black mole is your Dharma image?" Peng Xiren's mouth twitched as he stared at the black mole in the corner of Wang Ling's eyes.

And then. There will be no more...

He stared at the black mole. Suddenly he felt that the space near him was infinitely magnified. His whole mental energy felt like a trance.

And the next moment, Peng Xiren's face turned pale.

Because. In this black mole, Peng Xiren saw something terrible that he could not imagine...





Chapter 1435 Hairdresser


Peng Xiren rubbed his eyes. At first he thought he had seen it wrong.

"impossible..."

What was hidden in that tear mole made his hair stand on end.

It can't be wrong.

Although. This is just a faint outline...

He could not clearly see the true form of the Dharma in the mole of tears. He could only catch a glimpse of its outline, and his eyes were already bloodshot.

Immediately afterwards, there was a "puff" sound. Peng Xiren's eyes were like exploding peeing cow balls. Two streams of blood spurted out. Then they quickly repaired under the surrounding starlight.

The monk was amazed at Peng Xiren's methods.

It is indeed a bit scary to be able to repair it even if it is backfired by Wang Ling.

In order to trace the origin of Wang Ling, a swastika was scrapped.

And now, the monk guessed that what Peng Xiren saw should be what he saw at the beginning. The faint humanoid outline born in chaos...

The monk just had a guess in his mind, but he was not sure what it was.

But looking at Peng Xiren's pale face now, he seems to have recognized the origin of this human-shaped outline.

"Why...why is there such a thing on you..." Peng Xiren was frightened. His whole body was covered with chills. He was sure that he was not mistaken.

Through the black mole in the corner of Wang Ling's eye, Peng Xiren seemed to feel that there was another universe hidden in that black mole!

This black mole is like a black hole. It attracts his eyes and gradually guides his spirit, completing a super-speed "interstellar travel." And it is at the center of the universe where this black mole is transformed.

What Peng Xiren saw. It was the outline of a human figure born from chaos...

The spirit of the universe!

This is what he saw!

One person. Can actually turn the spirit of the universe into a dharma form?

But it seems that the spirit of the universe has not yet fully awakened.

If we wait for the spirit of the universe to truly revive, then the young man in front of us may become even more powerful than he is now.

At this time, Peng Xiren's Adam's apple rolled.

He always thought that Wang Ling was just an ancestral master hiding on the earth like a monk.

But in the end, Peng Xiren realized that he had underestimated the young man in front of him.

If you want to kill, you can only do it now, before the opponent is fully formed...

If it waits until it develops, it will be completely unbeatable.

In his hand, Peng Xiren's "Galaxy·Cannon·Fist·Cannon!" was still charging. He looked at Wang Ling: "You have the ability. Just wait for me to charge for a while..."

Wang Ling shrugged indifferently: "..."

He could actually feel it. Now Peng Xiren regrets it.

I regretted why I was so arrogant in the first place. I insisted on asking him to sacrifice the Dharma.

If there was no Dharma image, Peng Xiren might have punched right now.

However, after seeing the Dharma of Wang Ling, Peng Xiren suddenly felt that his little power might not be enough... so he applied for an extension of power storage again.

To be honest, he really wanted to beat himself to death with a big-eared melon seed.

Why do you still have to talk so fast in the middle of a war...

But the problem is that even Peng Xiren himself would not have thought that the boy in front of him would be the spirit of the universe.

Isn't that something that his master has been pursuing and then gave up...

"Are you ready?"

At this time, Wang Ling stared at Peng Xiren. A plain voice entered Peng Xiren's mind.

"No... wait any longer!" Peng Xiren frowned. His face turned red as he gathered strength.

This state. Wang Ling seems familiar.

It's like the feeling when Father Wang squats on the toilet because of constipation. Because you also need to accumulate strength when you are constipated.

In addition to accumulating power, you also need to learn accurate calculations.

Peng Xiren needs to calculate how much power he needs to accumulate before he can defeat himself.

And Father Wang needs to calculate what shape to pull out when the power is accumulated, so that the water from the poop falling into the toilet will not splash on his butt.

Two completely different behaviors. At this moment, there is a striking similarity in Wang Ling's eyes.

Sure enough, life is full of knowledge!

Wang Ling sighed inwardly.

He counted the time with his fingers. Then he looked at Peng Xiren. Warm reminder: "Are you ready?"

"Are you bothered? We can't wait any longer!" Peng Xiren was annoyed by the question and got angry on the spot.

The monk smiled coldly: "You have such a bad attitude. I think Ling Zhenren, you shouldn't wait any longer. Just take action."

"Bald Donkey! This is a battle between me and him. Don't get in the way!"

Peng Xiren suddenly panicked when he heard what the monk said. He was afraid that Wang Ling would take action before he could finish the attack. He almost yelled out immediately.

And Wang Ling remained silent. Said nothing.

He knew. Peng Xiren was anxious.

However, he is willing to keep waiting.

Death. Let Peng Xiren die clearly.

About a quarter of an hour passed. When Wang Ling memorized pi to more than 10,000 digits.

Over there. Peng Xiren finally heard the news: "I'm coming Wang Ling!"

"Has it finally begun..." Wang Ling sighed in his heart. He had never felt that fighting with someone could be so painful.

This punch. He had waited long enough.

He hoped that Peng Xiren could really hurt himself. Even if it was just a little bit of skin.

After all, Wang Ling has never had any injuries since he was young. When he wrestled, there would be earthquakes all around him. Even the spirit of the earth would tremble.

"Wang Ling. You actually let me accumulate energy for so long...I tell you, this will be the most regrettable decision you will ever make in your life!" At this time, Peng Xiren bit hard. Grit your teeth.

"Die!"

The next moment, he punched out. This "Galaxy·Cannon·Punch·Cannon!" that had been charged for nearly half an hour was finally punched out of his hand!

A light wave with a radius as large as the sun blasted straight towards the direction of Wang Ling. Everything in its path was being destroyed. Those planets that were in the way were directly penetrated. Along with the various major planets, The screams of spirits and the roar of star core explosions!

The light of the cannon version of Galaxy Fist immediately flew to Wang Ling's eyes.

Boom!

Finally, this shot accurately hit Wang Ling.

A huge explosion occurred at the location where Wang Ling was located. The fluctuations caused by the terrifying light wave impact of the Galaxy Fist shook the world. The generated air waves moved the surrounding planets several light-years away.

This scene was like a billiard cue accurately hitting the billiard ball, resulting in a series of chain reactions. The monk was amazed to see it.

"Successful!" Peng Xiren was pleasantly surprised.

However, he was happy for less than three seconds. Under the destructive light of an explosion in front of him, the unscathed figure of the young man gradually emerged in front of his eyes.

"No...it can't be..."

Beads of sweat covered Peng Xiren's face almost instantly.

He had been accumulating a punch for half an hour...

As a result, the boy in front of me was actually unscathed!

"Not bad." Wang Ling raised his eyebrows. He rubbed his hair with his index finger.

Under Peng Xiren's cannon version of Galaxy Fist.

His hair became curly.

Peng Xiren... gave him a perm...

In all these years. Wang Ling has never had her hair permed.

Because his hair is so hard that it can't be permed at all.

And now, he is even more reluctant to kill Peng Xiren.

Wang Ling feels that Peng Xiren has the potential to be Tony's teacher.





Chapter 1436 Prediction of Wang Ling


Curly hair?

Quite a good experience.

After a cannon version of the Galaxy Fist, Wang Ling's hair became curly, with a very natural curvature.

And this kind of curl should be able to maintain Wang Ling for a while.

After all, this was a blow that Peng Xiren fired after thirty minutes of charging.

If it returns to the normal hairstyle within a few seconds after changing the curls, it would be really disrespectful to Peng Xiren.

At least, the accumulated energy of Galaxy Fist made my hair curly.

In Wang Ling's opinion, Peng Xiren's power is not too bad.

But if you want to kill yourself, I'm afraid you still need some heat...

At this time, when he looked at Peng Xiren again, he saw that Peng Xiren's nervous expression changed.

It was pale at first, but now it has turned purple.

His face was full of doubts that were beyond comprehension: "You...what state are you in..."

"..."

Wang Ling shook his head.

To be honest, he doesn't even know.

The title Immortal King is quite good. It's just what the monk said.

What is the realm after the ancestral realm? There is currently no clear concept.

Back then, on the Nine Stars where the Divine Realm was located, Dao Ancestor Wang, the founder of the Nine Stars, was also called the "immortal king" by some people. However, this title seemed too big. Dao Ancestor Wang did not accept it.

And now. This problem has fallen back to Wang Ling.

So. Is he worthy?

Wang Ling feels that maybe he also lacks some warmth.

"What is the relationship between you and my master..." Peng Xiren stared at Wang Ling.

The last person who made him feel so oppressed was his master, Dao Ancestor Wang.

"Xingren. You know it well. There is no connection between Ling Zhenren and Dao Ancestor Wang."

At this time, the monk interjected: "At first, the poor monk was also suspicious. But later I found that the difference between them is still very obvious..."

This is a relatively euphemistic way of saying it.

Obvious difference. The most direct point is of course reflected in the power gap.

Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube. Dao Ancestor Wang's painstaking creation. Just put it in Wang Ling's hand and just pinch it...

This gap is too big. It is separated by hundreds of millions of Mariana Trench. It is impossible to cross.

In addition, the most obvious point, which is also the point just revealed, is the problem of Wang Ling's own Dharma.

Dao Ancestor Wang's dharma. It's a spirit called "Xie." The head has two legs. Its wings are broad. Normally, it is in human form. It wears metal armor engraved with the Heavenly Dao symbol. The sky and the earth. Hundreds of millions of feet tall.

The monk has only been seen once before.

It gave Monk Jin Deng a great shock at that time.

However, the bigger the Dharma appears, the stronger it is.

So. For the Dharma of Wang Ling.

Then there is no need to talk more...

The spirit of the universe.

It was just an outline that looked like a human figure. You couldn't even see the face clearly. But the sense of oppression was just from a distance. It already made people kneel down and surrender.

This is a powerful creature that claims to be the center of the universe.

Controls the entire universe. The existence of the spirits of all planets!

At this time, I heard Monk Jin Deng's voice of great surprise. Wang Ling looked at him and asked secretly: "So. Is it very strong?"

Monk Jin Deng: "Of course..."

Wang Ling: "Oh..."

In fact, if the monk and Peng Xiren were not secretly shocked in their hearts, Wang Ling would not have known that his dharma form was the spirit of the universe.

This is really the first time Wang Ling has heard of it.

Previously, he saw other people's Dharma forms. They were big and powerful. His own Dharma form... was a human-shaped creature. Wang Ling felt that he was still a little unable to handle it.

The result is today. The truth has finally been revealed.

So the current scene is.

All three of them were shocked inside.

Peng Xiren was shocked that he didn't know the origin of Wang Ling.

The monk was shocked that Wang Ling knew nothing about his Dharma.

And Wang Ling was shocked that the Dharma image that he had always regarded as unremarkable was actually so powerful...

"What the hell is going on with this person..." And now, Peng Xiren saw Wang Ling's expression of sudden realization, as if he had just learned what the spirit of the universe was. There was nothing but horror on his face. In addition to confusion, the corners of his mouth were also twitching constantly.

Is this the legendary strong man?

So strong that you don't even know how strong you are?

Not much nonsense. When Wang Ling raised his hand towards Peng Xiren, the mole at the corner of his eye had disappeared.

He took the initiative to take back his Dharma image.

Mainly because I was worried that I would accidentally beat Peng Xiren to death.

To deal with Peng Xiren. He still doesn't have the power to activate the Dharma.

When he saw Wang Ling raising his arms towards him, Peng Xiren was also frightened; "If I die, I will drag you to death!"

Wang Ling Actually, there are many things I want to ask Peng Xiren.

I have no intention of directly erasing him.

Of course.

If he wants to, he can do it anytime.

"Maybe you're not afraid of me. But you can't protect everyone around you..." At this time, Peng Xiren stared at Wang Ling. His mind was running at high speed, and he was constantly brewing quarrels.

The monk knows. This is deliberately delaying time.

And soon. Peng Xiren's actions verified the monk's idea.

"Winning or losing the battle between me and you is not the key." The next moment, Peng Xiren's expression suddenly changed.

Because I got the Rubik's Cube!

Just when he was fighting the monk, Peng Xiren secretly created a clone and went to the earth to take away the Rubik's Cube!

He was secretly happy.

Because this Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube actually looks new! It's almost like new!

The monk gritted his teeth and said, "Do you know what you are doing... If you release the sealed person, you will definitely be doomed!"

"I know very well what I am doing. And after this test, I have a deeper understanding of you and Wang Ling's strength. If there is the power of the sealed person, we will join forces. Combat strength Maybe it's even. Maybe it can even overflow?" Peng Xiren curled his lips.

Then, his figure began to fade away.

Seeing this, Wang Ling pretended to be panicked and quickly reached out to grab it.

The five fingers that covered the sky covered it. When he took the photo, Peng Xiren's entire body had turned into a ball of light particles. It looked like it had decomposed.

In the vast universe, only Peng Xiren's last words are left: "You are very strong. But you lack experience in martial arts. Your reaction is too slow. My body can dissipate under the starlight. No one in the universe can catch me." ..See you next time!"

Then. Wang Ling took back his hand.

The expression on his face was very calm.

"Zhenren deliberately spared his life. He also pretended to make a mistake and failed to catch him. It seems that the fish has been hooked. The monk bowed to Wang Ling.

He chuckled inwardly, feeling that Peng Xiren would lose to his own cleverness sooner or later.

Peng Xiren acts cunningly. When he used the cannon version of Galaxy Fist, Wang Ling had already noticed that he sent another clone to the earth to steal the Rubik's Cube.

Peng Xiren predicts. Wang Ling and the monk will focus all their energy on the current battle and will not worry about other things.

Finally, the Rubik's Cube was taken away smoothly.

But what he didn't expect was that asking Peng Xiren to take the Rubik's Cube back was a part of the king's secret.

Wang Ling. Predicted his prediction.

"Zhenren. Peng Xiren has a deceitful mind. If he doesn't catch up immediately, I'm afraid he will be able to tell that the Rubik's Cube has changed..." At this time, the monk said from the side.

Wang Ling nodded.

Next, it's time to continue to improve your acting skills...

Peng Xiren claims that no one in the universe can catch him.

For such confidence. Wang Ling can only smile.

The reason why Wang Ling didn't set off immediately is not because we really can't catch Peng Xiren.

But I feel that Peng Xiren moves too slowly.

Let him run away for a while on purpose...





Chapter 1437 Your World


At the same time. In the core world of Wang Ling.

Sun Rong looked around. Number 60 High School here is like an isolated island in this huge world. At first glance, it seems a little deserted.

He didn't know why. The school has obviously been renovated and renovated.

Number 60 High School here still maintains the appearance of the old school. There are dilapidated stone carvings at the main entrance. There are also palm trees next to the teaching building that are in decline but still standing.

Everything feels very familiar.

The results of the battle between Wang Ling and Peng Xiren were played in real time on the screen in the school square.

The girl was sitting on a bench under the tree. From this angle, she could just see the big screen.

When he saw Wang Ling whose hair was permed by Peng Xiren, Sun Rong couldn't help but feel a little red on his face.

Suddenly, an idea arose in her mind. Somehow, she wanted to rub Wang Ling's hair.

The curly-haired classmate Wang Ling. is also very cute!

"Want to go in and have a look?" Wang Ying asked.

He has been with Sun Rong throughout the whole process. However, it will not affect Wang Ying's actual battle in the Sword King Realm. Because what is accompanying Sun Rong now is just a split body.

"Eh? Can I go in?" Sun Rong asked.

"Of course." Wang Ying nodded.

During the entire battle, she had been sitting obediently on the bench, staring intently at the various battle scenes on the screen.

I seem to be afraid of missing any details.

"Aren't you always worried about whether the Lord can beat him? When the cannon version of the Galaxy Punch hit him, I saw you clenching your skirt nervously."

Wang Ying couldn't help laughing: "You should feel relieved about the current situation. Why don't you go inside and have a look."

"Where...where is there..." Sun Rong's face was hot at the question.

Wang Ying couldn't help laughing at this naive reaction: "Forget it. I won't tease you anymore. It's boring to tease you. It's far less interesting than Ying'er."

Sun RongCurious: "Why do you keep treating Ying'er..."

"She will resist and struggle. The more she resists, the more excited I get. You are too soft. You are not the same as Ying'er at all. It's boring." Wang Ying replied.

Although he is just a split body, there is no essential difference between the split body and the original body. The thoughts in his head are all carved from the same mold.

"But that's not right! Why do you act like you understand so well...you are all just shadows?" Sun Rong asked the question he had always wanted to ask.

That's right.

Wang Ying and Sun Ying'er are essentially their shadows. But I don't know why. Sun Rong feels that both of them are a bit too mature...

"Those void creatures have been alive for too long. And she is the Lord of the Void. With the memory shared by all void creatures, it is normal for her to become a veteran."

"What about you, Master of Shadows..."

"Didn't I absorb her ability? I don't want to do this either." Wang Ying spread his hands: "Is it my fault?"

"..."

At this time, the girl looked at the teaching building in front: "The layout inside is the same as that of the 60-year-old school..."

"Go and take a look. Then you'll know, right?" Wang Ying hesitated.

In this entire core world, why is there only one sixty-year-old school left?

Wang Ying can actually guess it just by guessing.

The summary of Wang Ling is that he is lazy. He is too lazy to re-model.

If there were infrastructure madmen like Zhenyuan Immortal who were keen on creating "Minecraft", the core world would definitely be built perfectly.

However, in Wang Ying's view, this conclusion is purely an excuse.

No way...

His master is too dull.

"Sure enough, Ying'er is right. You are a bad guy." Sun Rong stood up and straightened out his skirt and messy thoughts.

Then he looked at Wang Ying beside him and nodded: "Then... let's go and have a look..."

...

On the other side. Wang Ling reckons it's almost time. It's been some time since Peng Xiren escaped.

The opponent's movement was extremely fast. It had already covered a distance of almost 10 billion light years.

"Zhenren won't you leave yet?" the monk asked from the side.

To be honest, the distance is a bit too big. He feels that it may be difficult to catch up now...at least for himself. I'm afraid he won't be able to catch up. But after all, the person Peng Xiren is dealing with is Wang Ling. The monk is still worried about this. Have some expectations.

And Wang Ling. really did not disappoint the monk.

I saw the young man in front of me suddenly spread his five fingers with distinct knuckles and grabbed them in one direction.

At this moment, he was like the messenger who unveiled the universe.

There was brilliant light condensed in that palm. An immortal aura emanated from it.

The monk looked at this scene in surprise. He saw the light condensed in Wang Ling's palm. He was amazed in his heart.

Chaos calamity light...

This is a natural phenomenon that occurs when the energy is too huge and resonates with chaos. It is essentially a self-defense mechanism in the universe.

After the Chaos Tribulation Light appears, it will collide with something with too much energy to offset it.

But obviously, there is no way to erase Wang Ling from the Chaos Tribulation Light.

Instead, these chaotic tribulations that appeared were manipulated by Wang Ling at this moment.

"Using naturally generated chaotic light to build a tunnel spanning tens of billions of light years..." The monk was extremely surprised. He didn't expect such a miraculous operation to exist.

Because under normal circumstances, ordinary psychic energy cannot complete such a large project of building a tens of billions of light years tunnel.

And Wang Ling. actually used his own spiritual energy to stimulate the universe to produce self-defense "chaos tribulation light." He then used this chaotic tribulation light for his own use.

It's just the blink of an eye.

Wang Ling just raised his hand. The channel has been established.

Then, he moved and stepped directly into the tunnel ahead.

The monk followed closely behind. He couldn't wait to see what would happen next.

At this time, Peng Xiren, who thought he had escaped far away, felt very proud.

hehe!

He estimated that he had opened a distance of more than 10 billion light years. Moreover, all the auras on his body were demonstrated perfectly under the cover of starlight.

Regardless of whether Wang Ling is still a monk. No matter how powerful he is, there is no way he can get into trouble.

Next, as long as he sends back the Rubik's Cube in his hand, the mission will be successfully completed.

However, Peng Xiren is not without doubts in his heart.

He felt that his mission seemed a little too smooth.

Could it be said that the Rubik's Cube is a fraud?

Peng Xiren frowned. He was about to take out the Rubik's Cube and check it carefully.

However, at this moment, he suddenly felt a great sense of oppression coming from behind...

Looking back, Peng Xiren's eyes met the dead fish eyes of Wang Ling, which was a light-year away.

Peng Xiren couldn't help but cursed on the spot: "Fuck! You can even catch me like this???"

Although I was shocked at the pursuit of Wang Ling.

However, Peng Xiren felt a lot more relieved at this time.

Judging from the opponent's relentless pursuit, there should be no problem with this Rubik's Cube...

Otherwise, why would you be so nervous chasing him?

"What a difficult guy..."

Peng Xiren gritted his teeth and increased his speed again.

Currently, he is approximately 1 light-year away from Wang Ling.

At this time, Wang Ling's hands were also gathering starlight. This was the inspiration he got from Peng Xiren's {Galaxy Fist}.

"Zhenren wants to..." The monk was shocked. He probably guessed what Wang Ling wanted to do.

Now. Wang Ling is using starlight to condense a sword about one light-year long...





Chapter 1438 The ancient black stone that King's Eyes cannot see through


"Ling Zhenren...has he started to create new spells again?" The monk followed behind Wang Ling. He saw Wang Ling's hand condensing starlight. He felt that this scene looked familiar.

He knew instantly. This must be some inspiration Wang Ling got from Peng Xiren. This led him to come up with a brand new skill.

Although now the monk feels that he is just a soy sauce, but even if he is a soy sauce, for the monk, being able to watch and learn quietly beside Wang Ling is also a huge gain.

In the inn, Er Ha and Wang Ying stared at the scene in front of them. Er Ha was amazed: "Created a new spell again? As expected of him... But... what should this move be called?"

"{Star Sword Art·Profound Meaning·Light Years}" aside. Wang Ying answered.

"Why is there such a middle-class name..." Er Ha's eyes twitched.

"The name was not given by me. It was given by the explanation system of the Office of Strategic Deception." Wang Ying said.

Now the Office of Strategic Deception has an internally developed Zongmen app. The Office of Strategic Deception explanation system is one of the functions in the app.

This is a commentary system invented by Wang Ming. An artificial intelligence AI created with reference to Wang Ling's brain data.

When you encounter a problem that you don't understand, you can simulate Wang Ling's thinking and explain various magical abilities of Wang Ling to the outside world in real time.

"Why do you still have this thing?"

"The app has just been developed. Even among the core members, only a small number of people are qualified for internal testing." Wang Ying said.

He took out his mobile phone and put it in front of Er Ha.

Sure enough, Er Ha saw a large list of information displayed on the screen.

This newly developed set of spells, in addition to its full name, actually also has a short name.

Er Ha feels that it is much better than the full name.

[Spell Abbreviation]:Light Years Away

[Spellcasting Principle]: By condensing a large amount of starlight power, it can produce concrete weapons. However, since the starlight power is difficult to condense, this trick can only be explained through the principle of science (Wang Ling science). It cannot be used. Conventional cultivation science explains

[Suggested caster level]: Dear, I suggest you here. It is best to reach the full level!

[Casting Difficulty]: For "Wang Ling (with Wang Ying)" → 1 star. For others → 10 stars

(Note: When the difficulty reaches 10 stars, it is not recommended to learn this spell, because you will not be able to learn it)

[Spell Power]: With devastating destructive power.

[Spell Advantage]: Comes with a variety of passive skills.

1: Comes with a halo that dissipates the weak. It can accurately lock the enemy and only attack the target. It will not harm innocent people (the earth no longer has to be afraid)

2: 100% critical hit. And the critical hit damage is superimposed according to the number of light years formed. 1 light year length = 1 times the effect.

3: Unstoppable effect. The casting process cannot be interrupted in any way unless canceled by the caster. And during the casting process, a powerful starlight barrier will be formed around the caster to block interference from various flying spells and props.

4: Wrath of a single dog. This skill is a limited passive ability. It is only valid on the day of 520. If there is a target locked, an additional burning effect will be added.

...

Er Ha was shocked: "..."

I have to say. This Office of Strategic Deception explanation system is a bit strong!

Moreover, there is a bit of coquettishness in the strength.

I can only say that it is worthy of the software developed by Wang Ming...

Wang Ying nodded: "It's not particularly exaggerated. It's quite realistic."

This path {light years away} has many advantages. But the disadvantage is that the difficulty level is too high. I am afraid that no one else in the world can do it except the two of them.

At this moment, in the middle of the screen, Er Ha, Wang Ying can see the starlight condensed in Wang Ling's right hand. It is rapidly extending forward at a speed invisible to sight.

The starlight sword that Wang Ling condensed during the chase seemed to fall from the sky. It was radiant with stars and densely covered with runes. It contained terrifying power that could destroy everything!

The monk was checking the instructions of the Office of Strategic Deception explanation system. At the same time, he was amazed at such a method.

Condensing starlight is not difficult for the monk himself.

But the difficulty is that he cannot gather so much starlight power in a short period of time like Wang Ling.

Therefore. {Light Years Away} itself is also a charging type of spell.

But the problem is. Wang Ling's energy accumulation is too fast. Compared with Peng Xiren's {Galaxy Fist}, this energy accumulation speed is many times faster than him...

Peng Xiren was dumbfounded.

He felt like he was in the same universe as Wang Ling.

But it seems that they are not playing the same game.

It feels like they are all in Summoner's Rift.

Peng Xiren himself is playing normal matching. And Wang Ling is playing unlimited firepower!

The skill CDs are all different!

How the hell are you still playing this!

In the process of moving quickly, Peng Xiren felt the coldness on the back of his neck becoming more and more obvious.

Wang Ling's Wang Ling's {light years away} has not yet ended. That powerful aura seemed to have turned into a knife and was placed on his neck.

Things are not going well...

It seemed that the other party really wanted to kill him.

Peng Xiren frowned deeply.

He began to regret what he had said in the beginning, saying that he was invincible in the context of the universe.

Because he discovered the existence of Wang Ling. It is a BUG...

However. After all, he is the only disciple of Dao Ancestor Wang.

It's not that Peng Xiren has never thought about how to save his life if he encounters a life threat.

So. Just when Wang Ling's star sword was about to pierce Peng Xiren's body.

Peng Xiren almost gritted his teeth and offered something.

"An...ancient stone?"

Wang Ling frowned. He found a round stone emitting black light. It had a smooth surface and was as big as a cabbage. He tried to peek with King's Eyes. As a result, King's Eyes' sight was blocked by the black light emitted by the black round stone. outer.

You can't...can't see clearly inside?

Wang Ling was surprised.

This is also a situation that has never been seen before.

His King's Eyes. In terms of ability, it can be said to be incomparable.

Although there is still a lot of room for improvement in strength now.

But in theory.

There shouldn't be anything that exists in this universe that King's Eyes can't see through.

But at this moment, King's Eyes' sight was actually blocked by the black light of this round ancient stone.

This started to make Wang Ling full of curiosity.

Could it be that there is something in this ancient stone that can limit his power?

"Wang Ling. I don't want to take this thing out easily. But if you insist on forcing me, don't blame me for being rude. If you want to kill me, we will die together."

At this time, Peng Xiren was manipulating the ancient stone. He held it with only one hand and raised it high above his head.

The moment Wang Ling's starlight sword pierced through.

The sword body was actually directly affected by the power of this ancient stone. It was like a sea divided into two. It avoided Peng Xiren and fled from both sides of his body.

"puff!"

At this time, Peng Xiren, who was holding the ancient stone high, spit out a mouthful of blood.

Wang Ling: "?"

He clearly did not stab Peng Xiren. Is this also a case of porcelain?

"No. Zhenren. It's the problem with the stone." Monk Jin Deng frowned and analyzed on the side.

He believed that the real reason why Peng Xiren vomited blood did not lie in Wang Ling's move {light years away}.

It was simply the result of being influenced by this strange ancient stone.

This is also the reason why Peng Xiren didn't want to sacrifice this thing in the first place...

There seems to be something magical in the ancient stones. It is like the radiation of rare metals. It is extremely harmful to the body.

Every second Peng Xiren holds the stone, hundreds of millions of cells in his body die.

"interesting."

Wang Ling stared at the boulder with a calm expression. Cancel the spell Wang Ling.

It wasn't because he was afraid. It was because he was worried that the ancient stone would be accidentally damaged by him.

This ancient stone is not very big. Although there seems to be something on it that can limit his power. But now he is not using all his strength.

If we take it seriously, even if Peng Xiren has the power of this ancient stone, it will be difficult to resist.

After all, the size of the stone itself is still too small.

Moreover, the substance in the ancient stone that can actually limit one's own power has not been purified. The effect of limiting one's power is limited.

So now Wang Ling is curious.

Where did Peng Xiren get this ancient stone?

In this vast universe, are there still the same type of stones?





Chapter 1439 The seal is lifted


Taking advantage of the cover of ancient stones, Peng Xiren quickly retreated.

He was severely affected by the radiation from the ancient stone. His face turned pale and he felt like he had kidney pain.

While holding the ancient stone, billions of cells were dying every second in his body...just like those paper towels he used, which exuded a peculiar smell and were thrown into the trash can.

Wang Ling stopped chasing after him. Anyway, he had no intention of killing Peng Xiren from the beginning.

Originally, this chase was just to dispel Peng Xiren's concerns about the Rubik's Cube. But unexpectedly, he got a new surprise.

"I didn't expect that he would have such a magical object on his body. But what exactly is this thing? Even the poor monk doesn't know. Nine times out of ten, it is something from the infinite galaxy." Monk Jin Deng said with emotion.

Judging from Peng Xiren's experience of pretending to be dead for many years, Peng Xiren has actually been hiding in the infinite galaxy. He knows the terrain there much better than the monk.

And this magical ancient stone that exudes black light was probably discovered by Peng Xiren in the infinite galaxy.

That circle of black light couldn't penetrate even the King's Eyes. Naturally, the monk's swastika eyes couldn't see through either.

However, the infinite galaxy is too big.

Even if it is Wang Ling. Without knowing anything about this ancient stone, it may not be easy to pinpoint the source of the ancient stone.

So. Peng Xiren must live.

This may be the only person who currently knows the whereabouts of the ancient stone.

...

Deep in the infinite galaxy. In a planet shrouded in darkness. Peng Xiren's face was pale. He arrived here in extremely embarrassed condition.

Those evil eyes hidden in the darkness suddenly opened their eyes the moment they sensed Peng Xiren's aura: "Are you injured?"

Because the battle was too far away, the owner of the evil eye did not see what actually happened.

But Peng Xiren was injured. It still shocked him slightly.

Because this is different from the result he expected.

When he saw Peng Xiren again, he clearly felt that Peng Xiren was much older. This was a sign of aging caused by the death of too many cells.

"It's okay. I can use the power of starlight to heal myself."

Peng Xiren took a few breaths. His whole body was shrouded in starlight. The azure aura penetrated his body through his pores, repairing the damaged cells in his body.

That's because the ancient stone's wrinkled skin gradually regained its youthful luster.

"It seems you used the power of that ancient stone..."

"I underestimated the opponent's fighting strength. It's stronger than I thought. If I could have made sufficient preparations, maybe the outcome would have been different." Peng Xiren coughed twice.

Speaking of which, his injuries were not caused by Wang Ling. They were caused by the backlash effect of this magical ancient stone.

It was just something he got accidentally. Even he himself didn't understand the origin of this ancient stone. As a result, it unexpectedly saved his life at a critical moment.

The owner of the evil eye was silent: "This ancient stone, you'd better not use it lightly. Otherwise, there is a risk of your realm regressing."

"I know."

Peng Xiren nodded: "But this time the operation went smoothly. I brought back the Rubik's Cube on the earth successfully. I just don't know what happened to the attack on the Sword King Realm."

The original attack from the Sword King Realm was actually a feint attack. Their real purpose was to come for the ninth Rubik's Cube.

"As you said, the opponent's combat power is indeed stronger than we imagined. The peach wood sword from the Sword King Realm is not easy to deal with. He also accepted Leng Ming as his disciple. To get this piece Sacrifice. I'm afraid I need to wait until I am unblocked before I can make arrangements for it." The evil eye master snorted.

"To unlock the seal here, we need to collect at least five old Rubik's Cubes. Now, the Rubik's Cubes have been assembled." Peng Xiren raised his hand. He presented the last Rubik's Cube he just got from the earth.

Then, the golden Rubik's Cube quickly submerged into the dark planet in front of him.

"good!"

The evil eye master nodded.

A few seconds later, a confused voice came from the owner of the evil eye: "That's not right."

"What's wrong?" Peng Xiren wondered.

"This is not the old Rubik's Cube." said the evil eye master.

"Doesn't it look better maintained?" Peng Xiren was shocked.

If this is not the old Rubik's Cube...then where did this Rubik's Cube come from?

"Definitely not." The evil eye master said: "I have been dealing with this Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube for more than a day or two. I know the making process of the old Rubik's Cube very well. I can be sure that it is not an internal smell. This Rubik's Cube is a newly created one. It seems that someone has made a new batch of Rubik's cubes."

"Newly created..."

"You think about it. Now there are exactly nine Rubik's Cubes in their hands and in our hands. If all nine Rubik's Cubes are taken away... the chaos of the universe will inevitably riot. However, such a riot did not happen. So. The other party must have secretly replaced all these Rubik's cubes with new ones."

The owner of the evil eye said: "From the beginning, their purpose was not to snatch the Rubik's Cube. It was to replace it with a new one."

Peng Xiren was shocked.

How could so many new Rubik's cubes be created in such a short period of time?

This Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube. It's not plasticine!

Evil Eye Master: "If this ninth Rubik's Cube is new, then it means that the old one is already in their hands."

Peng Xiren: "But if this is the case... then we still lose one."

"It doesn't matter. This doesn't prevent me from coming out."

The evil eye master chuckled and said: "Although I don't know what method the other party used to create these new Rubik's Cubes. But what is certain is that the seal Dao Ancestor had on me has been loosened. Although these new Rubik's Cubes can be used to create To replace the old Rubik's Cube. It has the effect of stabilizing chaos. However, there are no restrictions deliberately set by Dao Ancestor..."

"you mean?"

"The opponent made a miscalculation. Moreover, the spiritual energy stored in the new Rubik's Cube is stronger than that of the old Rubik's Cube. Originally, I needed the power of at least five old Rubik's Cubes to loosen the seal. But now... I only need to add this Swallow a new Rubik's Cube. That's it."

...

On the other side. After Wang Ling returned to the Sword King Realm, the invasion of the Chaos Facehuggers has basically been resolved.

Wang Ying, Jingbai is well organized. Sweeping away all the invading creatures.

Inside the inn. Wang Ling released Sun Rong from the core world.

He felt that Sun Rong's face looked a little red. He didn't know what the girl saw in her inner world.

His core world has not been built yet. There is only an old Number 60 High School that looks like an isolated island. Wang Ling feels that there is really nothing to see.

"Classmate Wang Ling!"

At this time, Sun Rong mustered up the courage and took the initiative to stop Wang Ling. He stepped forward and held Wang Ling's shoulders, preventing Wang Ling from moving at will: "This weekend! Don't go to the ancient streets with me!"





Chapter 1440 Tips for defeating Wang Ling


Sun Rong put his hand on Wang Ling's shoulder. Because he knew Wang Ling so well, he was afraid that he might speak in the middle of his sentence and let Wang Ling take advantage of it and run away.

So. Sun Rong mustered up the courage and chose to be tough.

And this result directly caused the two people to become very close.

If there is a wall behind you and you stretch your hand back a little further, it will look like you are banging against the wall Wang Ling.

At this moment, the girl's mind was racing with thoughts and her cheeks were red.

He quickly let go of his hand and hid it behind his back.

"Actually, I just went to collect some folk stories. It wasn't just the two of us. I also made an appointment with Chen Chao, Guo Hao and Li Youyue..."

She was too afraid that Wang Ling would reject her, so she chose to take a step back.

In fact, the main reason is to consider Wang Ling.

It seems like it wouldn't be so awkward if everyone went together.

And even if it is a group activity, you should still be able to find time for two people to be alone.

As for why Chen Chao, Guo Hao and Li Youyue were chosen, this was certainly within the scope of Sun Rong's consideration.

These three people look like light bulbs. But they still have good eyesight.

The time to wait for Wang Ling's reply seems very long.

More than ten seconds. It is not an exaggeration to say that a day seems like a year.

Wang Ling Actually, I really want to read the girl's mind. To see what the girl sees in her inner world.

But later I felt that this behavior was a bit like a voyeur and very inappropriate, so I gave up the idea.

He looked at the girl intently. After hearing Sun Rong's request, he was thinking about how to refuse.

However, it is a pity. Now Sun Rong knows too much about him.

Ordinary reasons. For example, he didn't finish his homework, was invited by someone else, or was sick... these things could never happen to him.

He was silent. Wang Ling heard Sun Rong mention Chen Chao, Guo Hao and Li Youyue again.

My heart suddenly felt a lot more relaxed.

It can be said that Sun Rong made this move very successfully.

Accurately predicted Wang Ling's thoughts.

For Wang Ling, it is indeed easier to accept if they are all acquaintances.

"good."

So. Wang Ling looked at the expectant girl in front of him and nodded in agreement.

There is only one Xiu Zhen Cultivation Street in Songhai City. And on that ancient street, there is also a time-honored dry noodle shop.

Wang Ling thinks it would be nice to go there once in a while.

I actually agreed!

Sun Rong raised his head with a surprised expression on his face.

She found that she seemed to have gradually discovered some ways to guide Wang Ling.

When dealing with wood like this, doing it too hastily will only lead to bad things... You really have to do it little by little!

She suppressed the ecstasy in her heart and tried not to make herself too obvious: "That classmate Wang Ling. Let's meet at the school gate on the weekend! Let's form a group and go together!"

"Yeah." Wang Ling looked at Sun Rong. The expression on his face also seemed a little helpless.

{Hexintong} is a passive skill.

Although the small nano earplugs developed by Wang Ming have the ability to block the hearing of the heart, if the distance is too close... it is still easy to hear the sound.

For example, right now. Wang Ling's mind is filled with the girl's "hahahaha" laughter.

Sun Rong was laughing so loudly in my heart...

He didn't know if it's because I'm too excited.

That night. The final Sword Arena final. Sun Rong instantly killed the first-placed Sword Spirit in other categories as soon as he appeared on the stage.

Although this ending is not unexpected, no one knows why. Why did this human girl end the battle so quickly as if she had been beaten to death?

The reason is simple.

Because of going to the ancient street on the weekend. In fact, Sun Rong has not informed Chen Chao, Guo Hao and Li Youyue...

She is waiting to return to Earth to lay out a battle plan!

...

When he got home that night, Sun Rong found Li Youyue first.

"What? Let's go to the ancient street together? With Chen Chao, Guo Hao and Wang Ling?" Li Youyue was stunned for a few seconds when she heard Sun Rong's invitation.

At first she didn't understand why the girl had to bring them three light bulbs.

But soon, Li Youyue reacted: "I understand! You are afraid that you will be rejected if you ask Wang Ling alone. That's why you called us!"

"You understand so well..." Sun Rong smiled bitterly: "You obviously don't have a boyfriend. How come you understand so well."

"It's bad. Just watch a few more romance dramas. You can always figure out the tricks." Li Youyue smiled and said, "Don't worry. I will help Chen Chao and Guo Hao go after this. Create opportunities for you."

"Thank you so much!" Sun Rong sighed. She regretted that she didn't get to know Li Youyue earlier last semester.

If it weren't for the Jiulongshan National Physical Martial Arts Competition, I would have almost missed this amazing assist!

Get one!

Finished contacting Li Youyue. Sun Rong went to contact Chen Chao and Guo Hao.

After waiting for more than ten minutes, no one responded to the message.

I looked at the time. The current time is: ten o'clock in the evening.

According to the habits of two people, this time should be the time point to play games.

"What should we do now? How about asking tomorrow?" Sun Ying'er was very curious about what Sun Rong would do.

"No." Sun Rong shook his head.

The so-called plan cannot keep up with changes. Setting a time early is better than anything else.

"I remember that the game they played recently was called {Public Promotion Link}?" Sun Rong suddenly thought.

This is the game that Chen Chao and Guo Hao enjoy playing these days. They secretly hang up the game every day in class. Teacher Pan almost confiscated their phones several times.

Sun Rong defines it as: a large-scale beautiful girl collection and development game.

There is no other way...

At this time. Sun Rong sighed: "I have no choice but to snipe them personally."

"You don't know which server they are on." Sun Ying'er said.

"You don't need to know. Just get first place in them all." Sun Rong showed a kind look.

It only took about half an hour.

Sun Rong won the first place in the entire server out of a total of 68 servers.

Most of the accounts she asked Jiang Xiaoche to recycle.

Sun Ying'er was dumbfounded.

Her family, Rongrong, is a perfect person with money abilities...

And sure enough, after this move, Chen Chao and Guo Hao reacted immediately.

They saw the three-person group chat created by Sun Rong. Then they sent screenshots of the rankings. They asked the girl for details: "Sun Rong ah... the one ranked first. His name is Gray Cult Leader Is the ID yours?"

"Yes." Sun Rong replied: "You two didn't reply to my messages. I had to go to the game to find you."

"But there are sixty-eight servers. You won the first place..." Chen Chao and Guo Hao were both shocked.

"Because I don't know where you are. It would be too troublesome to ask everyone."

"So, in order for us to accompany you and your daughter to the ancient streets on weekends..."

"If you agree, this number 68 will belong to you. Half of it for each of you is just right."

"Ha! Do you think we are people who sell our souls for money? That's right! We are! So, see you this weekend..."

"Well, actually there is one more thing." At this time, Sun Rong said.

"Don't worry. We both understand." Chen Chao chuckled: "It's just creating opportunities. We will definitely follow Boss Sun's deployment. In addition, I also have hotel coupons here. If needed..."

"No need..."Sun Rong refused immediately.

She felt that Chen Chao really thought too much. Where did this go!

And even if you go, you won't need a coupon. Anyway, the hotels in the ancient street are all owned by them.

But at the same time, the girl was actually a little curious about what would really happen on the weekend.

After all, Chen Chao's open mouth is a bit scary...





Chapter 1441 Boss Sun's Reasoning


Everything was ready. The next thing Sun Rong had to do that night was naturally to pick out a set of decent clothes suitable for going out on the weekend.

Sun Ying'er saw that there were many styles in the girl's wardrobe. Many of them were global limited editions created by famous designers. She was a little puzzled by Sun Rong's behavior of browsing the mall to choose clothes in the middle of the night.

Now Sun Ying'er finally understands the reason why every time a good-looking new skin is released for the characters in those games, a group of people try to sell the skin to get the skin.

Sure enough. Inspiration comes from life.

The benefits of implanting skin functions in games are indeed huge.

The game company may just spend a few thousand yuan to design a skin. After it is put on the shelf, it is priced at 5 yuan and can sell hundreds of millions of copies...

And the most important thing is that everyone who buys the skin feels that the money they spent is well worth it!

It's just too real!

"Rongrong. You have so many clothes. If you wear any outfit on the street, you will be blinded!" Sun Ying'er sat next to Sun Rong. Looking at the girl who was choosing clothes, she said helplessly.

"These clothes are too outstanding... They are too high-profile to wear. My classmate Wang Ling may not like them. So I might as well buy some new ones." Sun Rong replied.

The clothes she picked this time were all new models from small brands. Although they were not as famous as the ones in her wardrobe, for the current situation, as long as they looked good, it was fine.

Sun Ying'er pursed his lips.

She had a complaint in her mind that she didn't know whether to say or not.

Anyway, there are Chen Chao and the others who are going together... Then if everyone wears school uniforms, wouldn't it be over?

So. This is just an excuse to buy new clothes!

snort!

woman!

Sun Ying'er raised the corners of her lips slightly and sneered in her heart. There was a look in her eyes that had seen through everything.

...

Sun Rong travel. It is actually a big deal for Huaguo Shuilian Group.

After the last Shadow Stream incident, the old man naturally paid more attention to the protection of his precious granddaughter.

And before every trip, buy a lot of new clothes. This is actually a very important signal.

Boss Sun quickly became aware of Sun Rong's travel plan. He called Jiang Xiaoche overnight: "Rongrong seems to be going out. Do you know where she is going?"

"Miss, did you buy new clothes again..."

"That's right." Boss Sun nodded: "It's just this time. I don't know where she wants to go yet."

"That's weird." Jiang Xiaoche frowned: "In the past, young ladies would report in advance when they went out..."

"Perhaps Rongrong doesn't want to be too high-profile this time. After all, there are a large number of security personnel and convoys accompanying him every time he travels. I thought about it recently. It does feel a bit ostentatious. It's like telling those who are trying to do evil things to Rongrong directly. Rongrong is traveling. Come and assassinate him." Sun Yiyuan said.

In fact, Boss Sun is indeed reflecting on his past behavior these days.

After all, there are still many people who hate the rich these days. Some people live a high-profile life and it is easy to attract hatred.

He suddenly felt that Wang Ling was low-key. In fact, there were advantages to being low-key.

So now comes the problem.

His granddaughter would definitely report to him before traveling in the past. And he would also prepare various security measures in advance after reporting.

But now Rongrong has kept silent about his upcoming trip.

Does that mean that she also wants to keep a low profile on this trip?

After reasoning to this point, Boss Sun suddenly realized: "That's it!"

"What did the master think of?"

"I guess...Rongrong might want to ask classmate Wang Ling out." Boss Sun said.

"..." Jiang Xiaoche was silent. Suddenly, he felt that his mood was no longer beautiful.

It's this kid again...

He didn't know. What's so good about Wang Ling.

The eldest lady actually likes him so much.

If Wang Ling could hear Boss Sun's words at this moment, he would definitely be filled with emotion.

This old man's reasoning rarely hits the mark once. It's really not easy...

Reasoning up to this part.

Everything sounds reasonable.

However, with the ancestral brain-compensation ability inherited from the Sun family, if you continue to reason, it is 100% that you will go astray...

So, after getting Sun Yiyuan's calculation, Jiang Xiaoche spent more than twenty minutes investigating the matter.

It didn't take long to get an idea.

"Sir, I've found out. The eldest lady is indeed going on a trip. It's to Xiu Zhen Cultivation Street. But she's not just meeting with classmates Wang Ling. There are also three other classmates from Number 60 High School." Jiang Xiaoche said on the phone replied.

In fact, it is not too difficult to get this news.

Because the eldest lady had done something very strange before. She asked him to help recover the 68 game accounts that ranked first in the server.

At that time, Jiang Xiaoche had an eye on it.

Because this type of game is definitely not the type that Sun Rong likes...

Then, he followed the clues and found Chen Chao and Guo Hao.

After receiving some benefits from Jiang Xiaoche, these two unscrupulous people directly explained the matter directly.

"Xiu Zhen Cultivation Street?" Boss Sun heard this place and suddenly fell into a flash of memories.

My impression of this ancient street is that it is full of simplicity and literary atmosphere.

You can tell at a glance that this is the place chosen by low-key people like classmate Wang Ling!

The old man remembered that he and his first love had also been to a place like this. He suddenly felt that Wang Ling had quite the charm of his youth... He was worthy of being his classmate Wang Ling! Even the place he chose to date. It's so similar...

"But sir, if the eldest lady is dating that Wang Ling, why did she date three other people at the same time?" Over the phone, Jiang Xiaoche heard Boss Sun sigh with emotion. He immediately knew that the old man was probably narcissistic again. I was hit. I couldn't help wiping my sweat and asked.

This sentence interrupted Mr. Boss Sun's thoughts.

Now, although the ins and outs of the whole thing are not very clear, the old man still knows everything by virtue of his strong reasoning ability.

"The truth. There is only one!"

Boss Sun said: "Xiu Zhen Cultivation Street. This is the first choice for literary and artistic people. And this trip is most likely the decision of classmate Wang Ling. The reason why I also asked three other classmates to go. They must be classmates. Wang Ling made this decision in order to alleviate the embarrassment when traveling!"

"..."

"And if everyone goes out in a group, they can also look after each other to a certain extent and avoid danger..."

Mr. Boss Sun sighed and nodded with satisfaction: "As expected of classmate Wang Ling. He thought of it so thoughtfully!"





Chapter 1442 Join forces with Jiang Yingying


Under normal circumstances. Boss Sun's reasoning result + reverse inference = correct answer.

So after hearing Sun Yiyuan's king-like analysis, Jiang Xiaoche immediately knew the whole story.

The eldest lady definitely took the initiative to make an appointment for this matter. And the location was probably also chosen by the eldest lady.

Damn it...

This Wang Ling!

Jiang Xiaoche gritted his teeth.

Mainly out of jealousy for Wang Ling.

He has never seen Sun Rong care so much about someone. Even the places he went out to play were all for the sake of the other person.

"Sir, what about the protection work on the ancient street this time..." Suppressing his jealousy, Jiang Xiaoche said to Boss Sun on the other side of the phone in as calm a voice as possible.

"The protection must continue. But don't make such a big show of it." Mr. Boss Sun said: "Arrange some people. Put on the clothes of the ancient street staff. Disguise as the staff over there and carry out normal activities. Just protect it secretly."

Xiu Zhen Cultivation Street. Mr. Boss Sun has also been there. He knows the situation there relatively well.

All the staff inside are wearing Hanfu. They imitate the dress of cultivators in the old days when they go out. The Hanfu experience is also a famous activity on the ancient street.

All tourists who come to the ancient street can rent Hanfu that suits them on site. They can walk on the ancient street in ancient costume and appreciate the folk customs of the cultivation culture of the old era.

There. It's really a very romantic place.

"Find some security personnel to pretend to be staff, right? But what should we do with the original staff..."

"Don't worry about that. The owner of the street is an old friend of mine. I'll call him later. I'll give him a call. Give the staff a break for two days. Of course. We'll pay the wages for those two days. We'll pay them all. At three times the rate. I don't think they'll refuse." Boss Sun said.

"Understood. Master, please go to bed early." Jiang Xiaoche nodded.

Then hung up the phone.

Dating on the ancient street...

Jiang Xiaoche curled his lips.

Suddenly he had a new plan in mind.

A plan that allows Wang Ling to reveal its true nature on the ancient streets...

After the last incident where Lao Hui and his team from the "Loyalty Group" were invited to take action failed.

Jiang Xiaoche made a new summary based on the last failure experience.

If he wants to realize his plan, it is not enough to rely on his own efforts. At this time, he must have teammates. He should cooperate inside and outside.

The first suitable person that Jiang Xiaoche thought of was Jiang Yingying.

Since Jiang Yingying transferred to another school because of Wang Ling, Jiang Xiaoche guessed that this little girl would not want Wang Ling and Sun Rong to be together.

So, with the same goal in mind, Jiang Xiaoche felt that this was a good opportunity to cooperate with Jiang Yingying.

Previously, he could not find a suitable reason to add Jiang Yingying's WeChat account, which resulted in him scrapping hundreds of WeChat accounts.

But now. Everything is different.

"I have a piece of information about Wang Ling. Do you want to know?" Jiang Xiaoche once again sent a friend request to Jiang Yingying through a new account.

This time.

Jiang Yingying approved his request almost immediately.

Although he finally successfully added WeChat friends, Jiang Xiaoche still felt something was wrong.

He tried so many times but failed. But he passed as soon as he mentioned Wang Ling... ugh. It was too difficult for him!

...

Jiang Yingying was actually in a very depressed mood. The fact that Sun Rong became the leader of Gray Cult made her feel stuck in her throat. She felt at a loss.

She is not the eldest daughter of a wealthy family. Especially she is the granddaughter of Marshal Jiang. She must pay attention to her words, deeds, and daily expenses.

Otherwise, it is very likely to cause trouble to grandpa.

As for emotional matters, Jiang Yingying has always been accustomed to handling them by herself.

Although before she transferred to Number 60 High School, she had predicted that perhaps Sun Rong was her biggest opponent.

But now Jiang Yingying discovered a problem.

That is, compared to this eldest lady, her rank is still not high enough.

Without the help of others, it will be difficult to start the next battle with Sun Rong...

Originally, Jiang Yingying planned to become the leader of Gray Cult. Through the power of the leader of Gray Cult, he learned the information about Sun Rong from all aspects. Finally, he took action to deal with it.

It's a pity. Sun Rong seems to have predicted her prediction. She used money to secure the position of the leader of Gray Cult in advance.

Let her be defeated in the first round of confrontation.

So now Jiang Yingying is in trouble.

Now, I am new to Number 60 High School. It is really difficult to start the next plan when I am not familiar with the place.

Jiang Yingying originally planned to let Yi Zhiyang accompany him to Number 60 High School after Yi Zhiyang recovered.

However, Yi Zhiyang is still in a semi-autistic state...

Although the situation is slightly better than before, it is still not completely back to normal.

So in the end, Jiang Yingying found that he was too anxious.

"It might be a lot better if Brother Yi is here." Jiang Yingying was lying on the bed, with his two slender legs slapping up and down.

She was scratching her hair in confusion. At this moment, her phone vibrated.

The ID shows that a man named "Ah Che" is trying to add him as a friend.

In fact, Jiang Yingying has recently found that she seems to be being harassed all the time. Almost every day, a large number of strange men try to join her.

Almost out of habit. Jiang Yingying was preparing to reject the application and be blacklisted.

However, at this moment, a message about "Wang Ling" caught her attention.

"Who are you?" He asked with a curious attitude. Jiang Yingying thought about it for a moment, but agreed to the other party's request.

"Actually, I am a suitor of Miss...Sun Rong." Jiang Xiaoche mysteriously sent a message: "I know. My classmate Jiang has a crush on that classmate Wang Ling." ?"

"I just appreciate his literary talent. Don't talk nonsense..." The moment Jiang Yingying saw the message, his cheeks turned red almost immediately.

"In that case, we can cooperate because the goals are the same." Jiang Xiaoche typed straight to the point: "That's it. I received a piece of information here. This weekend. Wang Ling, Sun Rong and three light bulbs. We will go to Xiu Zhen Cultivation Street."

"I know that place!" Jiang Yingying quickly replied.

As a literary girl, Jiang Yingying always gets a different experience every time she goes to that ancient street.

At the same time, she is also very familiar with the topography of that ancient street because she has been there more than once. The food circles on the ancient street also have hospitality coupons. She also saved a lot.

"Are you sure the news is reliable?" However, out of caution, Jiang Yingying asked dubiously.

"100% reliable. If you don't believe it, you can go to school tomorrow and ask one of the two light bulbs, Guo Hao and Chen Chao, to verify the authenticity. They are the best buddies of Wang Ling." Jiang Xiaoche said.

"Okay. If it is true, I will agree to cooperate." Jiang Yingying nodded.

In fact, the conversation ends here. Jiang Yingying already knows that this matter is almost true.

My impression of Chen Chao and Guo Hao. Jiang Yingying is quite deep.

I still remember when we were in the cafeteria before. The man named Chen Chao directly claimed that he was Wang Ling's best buddy.

If this person named "Ah Che" is just a boring liar, there is no way he would know so much.

"So, what do you want me to do?" At this time, Jiang Yingying asked.

"The first step. We need to disguise our identities and then enter the ancient street together." Jiang Xiaoche said.

"How to disguise?"

"Of course I'm pretending to be boyfriend and girlfriend."

"..."





Chapter 1443 Is it cooperation or routine?


As soon as Jiang Xiaoche said these words, Jiang Yingying instantly became more vigilant.

She didn't know why. She suddenly felt like she was being tricked.

"Can't we be brothers and sisters..." Jiang Yingying asked tentatively.

Pretending to be boyfriend and girlfriend or something like that. She really couldn't accept it psychologically.

Her heart has long been given to her classmate Wang Ling!

"Xiu Zhen Cultivation Street. That's a holy place for literary couples. Where do brothers and sisters go there to perform orthopedics?" Jiang Xiaoche said with a smile while sending a text message.

He found Jiang Yingying more and more interesting.

As expected, besides Sun Rong, she is my second favorite girl...

Then, Jiang Yingying typed out a string of words. Jiang Xiaoche almost choked when he saw it: "But... does this count as cheating?"

"You are not with that Wang Ling now. What kind of cheating is that?" Jiang Xiaoche quickly replied.

At the same time, he was also holding his forehead.

I am amazed at the brain circuit of the girl on WeChat.

"Classmate Jiang Yingying, you have to think like this. If this thing succeeds in the end, maybe you will get the upper hand." Jiang Xiaoche tried his best to encourage: "Of course. It's normal for you to have concerns about being a boyfriend and girlfriend. The worst we can do is make a three-part agreement. During the period of pretending to be boyfriend and girlfriend, apart from holding hands and hugging, how about not doing any other out-of-bounds behavior?"

"Ah? Do you still want to hold hands and hug..."

"Of course! This is a disguised couple! Holding hands and hugging are the minimum, right? Otherwise, if others see it, wouldn't it be too fake?"

Jiang Xiaoche felt that this was the fastest typing speed in his life: "You just do it for Wang Ling. And I do it for Rongrong... To gain happiness. Make the sacrifice first. In fact, it is not a loss! There is a saying What do you mean? If I don't go to the earth, who will go to hell?"

I can only say that Jiang Xiaoche deserves to be Jiang Xiaoche.

As the chief secretary-general of the Huaguo Shuilian Group and a senior employee who is highly valued by Mr. Boss Sun, Jiang Xiaoche's ability to deceive is undeniable.

A series of verbal abuses. Jiang Yingying was immediately bombarded and his body was completely bruised.

"Okay! I promise you!"

In the end, Jiang Yingying mustered up the courage and agreed to the conditions proposed by Jiang Xiaoche.

"Okay. Do you have time tonight? I'll treat you to dinner." The plan succeeded. Jiang Xiaoche couldn't help but smile across the screen of his mobile phone.

"You want to treat me to dinner?"

"Of course. Pretending to be a couple on the weekend is a big plan. Anyway, we still have time. Why not get familiar with it first." Jiang Xiaoche said, "After dinner, I will take you shopping."

"?"

"After all, this is our first time pretending to be a couple. We both have little experience. And if we go to the ancient street, we will have to buy you a few sets of clothes. Just treat it as a meeting gift."

Jiang Xiaoche said calmly.

Jiang Yingying was shocked. This man named "Ah Che" seemed to be too generous with his actions!

But having such a rich teammate join the team should be a good thing.

At least that's what Jiang Yingying thinks now.

Jiang Xiaoche's financial resources and intelligence network are both things that Jiang Yingying currently does not have.

Without these two factors, she would not have enough strength to confront Sun Rong.

And just when she was at a loss what to do, Jiang Xiaoche appeared.

It's like a savior sent by God to save him.

"So Ah Che. What do you do?" Jiang Yingying became curious about the true identity of this Ah Che.

"Actually, I am a private detective." Jiang Xiaoche said.

Although it was random nonsense, Jiang Xiaoche felt that his professional status was reasonable.

After all, he has followed Mr. Boss Sun for so many years. He did stock trading and other things. It was all based on his superb reasoning ability. Combined with what Mr. Boss Sun said and reverse reasoning, he successfully completed the matter.

"Detective..." Jiang Yingying felt a little surprised by this answer.

Since he is a detective, he must have a smart mind and strong reasoning ability.

To put it bluntly, detectives themselves are people with certain experience and accumulated knowledge.

As a person who has a special pursuit of words and literature. Thinking of Jiang Xiaoche's professional identity as a "detective", Jiang Yingying's favorable impression instantly improved.

This can be regarded as a rare mistake by Jiang Xiaoche.

...

Thursday, December 10th.

Wang Ling When I was passing by the school gate, I saw Heavenly Dao talking to the old pancake and fruit man at the gate.

With the help of the monk, Heavenly Dao successfully became the captain of the school guard of Number 60 High School. And now he has successfully become familiar with the old man at the door.

This old pancake and fruit man has been at the school gate for many years. He is a poor man. In order to raise medical expenses for his wife, he borrowed a loan shark.

Then because of the violent collection of loan sharks, his wife's condition deteriorated rapidly.

Over the years, the old man has paid off his debts and repaid evil with kindness. He will distribute half of his income every day and leave it to those in need.

At Number 60 High School. This is an old story.

Not really a secret.

Death Heavenly Dao found out about this not long after he took office.

So just this morning, the old man heard that the loan shark company that used to violently collect debts exploded due to a gas leak...

And what a coincidence. It killed the big guy who came to the door violently to collect money.

"Uncle, is there anyone else you dislike? Just tell me." Death Heavenly Dao said while eating pancake fruit.

The old man wiped his sweat: "No. No..."

Even if I have it, I don't dare to say it!

This is so scary...

But he felt that this was mostly a coincidence.

After all, these things about myself are not secrets. Everyone knows.

Moreover, the gas leak was an accident. The police have also identified it. There can be no mistake.

"Thank you for caring so much, Little Wang." The old man spread the pancakes. His face was filled with helplessness. He knew that the young man in front of him had the name on his ID card: Wang Shi.

I just didn't expect it to be so evil. To die with a god of death...

"You're so polite. I just went back last night to get a puncture done. I didn't expect something really happened." Heavenly Dao laughed.

I saw two people chatting. Wang Ling took the initiative to walk over. I don't know why. He seemed to want to eat pancakes today.

As soon as he saw it was Wang Ling, the old man immediately spread out the pancakes in a familiar manner: "Good morning, classmate Wang! Just follow the old rules. Double eggs and minced noodles."

This is a special way of eating that is unique to Wang Ling. The old man is also very willing to make it for Wang Ling.

Because this way of eating is quite popular now.

Generally, pancakes are just stuffed with fried dough sticks, shortbread and the like. However, the crispy flour crumbs can add a different crispiness to the pancakes.

Wang Ling is waiting for pancakes.

At this time, he saw a purple-eyed girl with long black hair stepping out of a black car. Her tight-fitting black stockings and gothic-style skirt were particularly eye-catching.

"Does this way of eating taste delicious? Then uncle, please make me a similar one." The purple-eyed girl said with a cold expression.

Wang Ling didn't squint his eyes. With only his peripheral vision, he spotted the conspicuous logo on the black car.

That is the symbol of the Jiugong family.





Chapter 1444 Another eldest lady


The symbol of the Jiugong family is a crow with purple gemstones in its eyes. Wang Ling speculates that this may be related to the purple pupils inherited by the Jiugong family.

"Yin Yang pupils?" Wang Ling looked at Jiugong's pair of purple pupils from the corner of his eye. He knew the origin instantly.

This can be considered a very rare thing. After all, Jiugong started his career by exorcising demons and suppressing evil spirits.

It's just like the ancestors rewarded me with food.

Wang Ling sighed in his heart.

If only he could make money with his own abilities...

It's a pity. The family rules are very strict.

Although this is the first meeting between Wang Ling and Jiugong.

But judging from my intuition. Wang Ling feels that Jiugong is not a bad person.

After all, foreigners who can accept the idea of adding dry crispy noodles to shortbread are actually quite rare.

Jiugong stopped in front of a pancake and fruit stall. Behind her stood a female bodyguard wearing a suit and sunglasses.

This female bodyguard has tattoos of the Jiugong family logo on her ankles and wrists. She is looking at the pancake and fruit stall in front of her with a worried look: "Miss, the food at the roadside stall is unhygienic..."

"Humph! You're not clean. You'll be fine after eating! Back off!" Jiugong glanced at the female bodyguard coldly. With one look, the female bodyguard obediently stepped back.

The majesty of the eldest daughter of the Jiugong family does have a very strong aura.

Wang Ling immediately comes to mind Sun Rong.

and realized the difference between the two.

Although they are both eldest ladies, Sun Rong originally took a people-friendly route with the purpose of attracting other people's attention. But Jiugong is different. She is an icy beauty with a strong aura that is daunting.

The old man didn't dare to say or ask. He just wanted to concentrate on finishing the pancakes in his hands.

He didn't recognize the girl named Jiugong. But he also knew that she was a young lady with a strong aura.

Punch this way. Other students will not dare to approach easily...

Since it was his first time doing this girl's business, the old man hesitated in his hand movements during the painting process.

"Girl. Do you want chili?"

"Abnormally spicy!"

"Would you like cilantro?"

"don't want."

"good..."

Then, the old man used a spatula to open the bottom of the pancake and pour the prepared crispy noodle crumbs on top.

Finally, he rolled up the whole pancake, wrapped it in oil-absorbing paper, and put it in a disposable plastic bag. He handed it to Jiugong with both hands: "Girl, be careful to burn it."

The whole process only takes a minute.

"One minute of Chinese food. Interesting."

Jiugong took it carefully. He stared at the pancake fruit in his hand and thought for a while. Then he took a tentative bite.

The wonderful taste instantly invaded Jiugong's taste buds. A flash of light quickly flashed in her purple eyes.

"How does it taste?" Heavenly Dao, who was wearing a school guard uniform, looked at Jiugong in front of him.

"That's it. It's not as delicious as the octopus balls downstairs at my house."

Jiugong commented coldly. Then he took another big bite.

Pancake Master, Wang Ling, Death Heavenly Dao: "..."

Dare you. Is this still a tsundere?

You say it doesn't taste good, but your body is very honest!

"My bodyguard is right. Your stall is too small. And the plates are dirty. It's not very hygienic."

"I'm causing trouble for this classmate." The old man bowed helplessly.

Eating the pancakes on his hands with satisfaction. Jiugong Liangzi hummed to the old man again: "I just have a taste. I won't buy it a second time."

Then, she walked slowly into the gate of Number 60 High School.

Same as Jiang Yingying yesterday. Today she is here to register for school.

Wang Ling was biting pancakes while walking slowly behind Jiugong.

As they approached the teaching building, Wang Ling heard Jiugong Liangzi whisper to the female bodyguard next to him: "You. Put on your casual clothes and go to the pancake stall just now."

"Okay, miss." The female bodyguard said knowingly: "Is it going to be smashed? I'll do it right away."

"Smash whatever you want!"

Jiugong was so anxious that he almost shouted: "I asked you to buy me 20 more! When you wear casual clothes, remember to cover your tattoo. Don't scare others."

"So. Is this compensation?" the female bodyguard smiled bitterly.

She realized that this was her young lady trying to compensate the old man just now.

After all, when buying pancakes, many other students did not dare to come forward, which delayed the old man's business.

"Huh. Compensation? Do you really think I am doing charity? This is charity. Charity!" Jiugong Liangzi emphasized in a low voice.

"Yes. What the lady said is correct."

"Besides, when the uncle's business is finished, you go and build a shop for him at the entrance of the school. I will finance it from my account." Jiugong gnawed on the pancakes in his hand. The expression on his face was neither sad nor happy, but the two lines on his cheeks The delicious blush never goes away.

"Miss, this is..."

"It's too dirty. Clean up the city."

After Jiugong Liangzi finished speaking, he hummed slightly and walked towards the principal's office.

Wang Ling watched Jiugong Liangzi leave. At the same time, he was deeply impressed by his {{Rule of Judgment of Crispy Noodles}}.

Sure enough, his guess was right.

People who like to eat crispy noodles are not that bad.

Jiugong Liangzi is not a bad person, but with such a character, if other people don't understand him well, it might be easy to offend them.

At this time. Wang Ling finished the last bite of pancakes. He chewed his fingers habitually. He thought to himself.

Having said that.

There are quite a few transfer students recently.

Jiang Yingying yesterday. Jiugong Liangzi today.

But it seems that Jiugong Liangzi is not here for him. This makes Wang Ling feel relieved immediately.

...

In the principal's office. Principal Chen, Zhuo Yi has been waiting for a long time.

The Jiugong family settled in Number 60 High School. This is a big deal.

As the principal, Principal Chen is naturally happy. In this way, Number 60 High School will be in line with international standards.

In the future, we can even use the Jiugong family's power on Sun Island to carry out exchange activities.

This is the day Jiugong Liangzi came to Number 60 High School to register. Principal Chen would have welcomed her in person. There was just one thing... Jiugong Liangzi made a request. Asking Zhuo Yi to receive her.

At this time, he felt Jiugong Liangzi's breath approaching. Principal Chen patted Zhuo Yi on the shoulder: "Zhuo Yi brother, I'll leave the rest to you. I'll avoid it first."

"Don't worry. Principal." Zhuo Yi smiled politely. Then he saw Principal Chen open the cabinet next to him and got in.

He made a goodbye gesture towards Zhuo Yi and then quickly disappeared.

Zhuo Yi gasped...

He actually set up the teleportation array in the cabinet.

It has some meaning!

As soon as Principal Chen left, Jiugong Liangzi opened the door and walked in alone.

There were no other bodyguards behind her. The one who was following her earlier was sent to buy pancakes and fruits. Jiugong Liangzi also sent her away on purpose.

As soon as he entered the door, Jiugong Liangzi saw Zhuo Yi walking over with a smile on his face: "Hello, classmate Jiugong. I am Zhuo Yi."

Who knows. Jiugong Liangzi slapped Zhuo Yi's hand away with a "pop" sound: "Shake hands. No need."

Zhuo Yi was not sure what happened. As a result, there was some anger in Jiugong Liangzi's eyes.

At this time, the girl glanced at the sofa next to her and sat down directly as if she were a guest.

"I don't know. Where have you offended classmate Jiugong?" Zhuo Yi is still confused.

"Don't get me wrong, Mr. Zhuo. It's not me you offended."

At this time, Jiugong Liangzi stared at Zhuo Yi: "But the entire Jiugong family."

"Ah?"Zhuo Yi was stunned.

"Are you still pretending to be stupid? Mr. Liar."

Jiugong Liangzi smiled mysteriously.

Now. She was holding her arms. Her long, thin, flowing legs were folded together. Looking at Zhuo Yi: "Six years ago. The gate of the Otherworld descended. The person who killed the Demon King. It doesn' t seem to be you."





Chapter 1445 What are the factors for taking the blame?


Zhuo YiUnexpectedly, Jiugong Liangzi transferred to Number 60 High School for his own sake.

And he... actually offended the entire Jiugong family?

This makes Zhuo Yi feel a little incredible.

In fact, doubts about the large-scale disaster that suddenly struck the Gate to Another World six years ago have always existed in Huaxiu. And Zhuo Yi is not the first time to face such doubts.

As Wang Ling's number one disciple and the player who takes the blame, Zhuo Yi's psychological quality has long been tempered to the point where it can even deceive a lie detector.

Therefore. Facing Jiugong's questioning, Zhuo Yi just smiled. There was no wave in his heart.

He skillfully operated the tea set on the principal's desk. He made a cup of tea for Jiugong and handed it over: "I don't know why Jiugong said that. What happened six years ago should have been settled long ago."

Jiugong Liangzi smelled the aroma of tea leaves and soaking in hot water. The angry mood in his heart when he saw Zhuo Yi seemed to suddenly ease a lot.

"Ha. Who wants to drink the tea brewed by a liar like you?"

Even though he said this, he still reached out and took the tea cup.

"Classmate Jiugong, everything must be based on evidence. I don't know why the Jiugong family hates me so much. But if there is any misunderstanding, I think it would be better to explain it clearly as soon as possible."Zhuo Yi said.

He sat down opposite Jiugong. At the same time, he was also observing Jiugong's expression.

This is an icy beauty. The expression on her face never fluctuates or changes at all.

Emotions are not directly reflected in expressions.

This feeling makes Zhuo Yi somewhat familiar.

After all, his master is also such a person...

"Liar. Do you think I really can't produce evidence?"

Jiugong Liangzi took a sip of tea and stared at Zhuo Yi with his purple eyes: "Although the matter is far away, our Jiugong family did find an eyewitness at the scene after many efforts. And this person Witnesses said that the person who defeated the Demon King at that time was a boy with dead fish eyes."

Having said this, Jiugong Liangzi paused.

Speaking of the topic of "dead fish eyes"... She remembered that she had seen a dead fish eye not long ago.

But I don't know why. There was a shortage of memory in my mind. I couldn't remember it all of a sudden.

However, these are not the key.

The key is that she came to Huaxiu this time and chose to enroll in Number 60 High School.

From the beginning, she came here for Zhuo Yi.

The first is to expose this liar. The second is to use this topic to open up Jiugong's domestic market in Huaxiu.

"You said. Eyewitness?" These words made Zhuo Yi slightly stunned.

The scene at that time was really messy. There was dust and smoke raised by the collapse of buildings and thick smoke from various explosions.

He started to join the team and rescued many people. It had already been confirmed that the core area where Er Ha landed had been evacuated. There would be no third person.

So, where did this witness come from?

Jiugong Liangzi did not give in. Instead, he took out the "evidence" he had prepared in advance from the small bag.

That was a photo. And what shocked Zhuo Yi was that it was actually an "animated picture"...

"Can GIFs be printed now?"Zhuo Yi stared at the photo in disbelief.

"This is a digital camera photo seal. The person sealed in this photo is the witness of our Jiugong family." Jiugong Liangzi said.

Zhuo Yi stares at this photo.

I found that the photo was of a little girl wearing a light yellow skirt. The little girl was only about five or six years old. She was knitting a sweater in the photo.

"A...Day-traveling ghost?"Zhuo Yi stared at the photo for a few seconds. Finally, he noticed the clues in it.

He didn't expect that the witness Jiugong Liangzi mentioned would be a "Day-traveling ghost."

"You don't seem so useless."

Jiugong Liangzi is not surprised that Zhuo Yi can see it. But he can directly identify the type of ghost with just a sealed photo. This is definitely an expert's sight.

The Jiugong family has been exorcising demons for generations.

Although Jiugong still hates Zhuo Yi as a liar. But I have to say that Zhuo Yi seems to be much better than her brothers who failed to live up to expectations.

This made Jiugong Liangzi feel a little embarrassed and angry. He then said to Zhuo Yi: "But I think a liar like you, who is used to grabbing honors, should have special training in exorcism and exorcism." Knowledge."

"If she is just a five- or six-year-old girl, can Jiugong believe it?"

Zhuo Yi smiled calmly: "She said that the one who defeated Thuntihan Ha was a boy. How old was the boy at that time?"

"Ten years old." Jiugong Liangzi replied.

"Ten years old. No matter how talented a cultivator is, at this age, he is only a Golden Core. A Golden Core. Can he defeat the Demon King?" Zhuo Yi laughed.

"Weren't you also a Golden Core at that time?" Jiugong Liangzi asked back.

"I said it. Thuntihan Ha at that time was already very weak after repeated attacks. So I just went to make up for the last blow."

Zhuo Yi retorted: "I have clarified this point with many media. As for the media's increasingly outrageous rumors about the Thousand Miles of Air Sword and so on...those are indeed exaggerated."

However, when faced with Zhuo Yi's explanation, Jiugong Liangzi didn't buy it.

"It's just your clever words."

Jiugong Liangzi laughed: "Let me tell you another thing. The Day-traveling ghost girl in this photo looks like she is only five or six years old. But that's because she was this age when she died. That's why her appearance was fixed. Xiao Huang appeared in that area thirty years ago. In other words, her mind is actually that of an adult."

"I know what you want to say."

Zhuo Yi answered: "Jiugong wants to say that what this Day-traveling ghost said is actually legally binding, right?"

"Yes. Liar."

Jiugong Liangzi raised his lips and said, "So, are you panicking?"

"Not really." Zhuo Yi shrugged indifferently.

"I know. Just relying on the words of a Day-traveling ghost is not enough. So I have to find the boy that the Day-traveling ghost witnessed back then."

At this time, Jiugong Liangzi stood up and took a step forward while holding on to the table.

Her purple eyes stared at Zhuo Yi. The two of them closed the distance almost instantly.

Jiugong Liangzi: "According to the speculations of our Jiugong family, you have repeatedly made extraordinary achievements in recent years. Many incidents may seem irrelevant, but in fact they are all closely related to Number 60 High School. So we have reason to doubt. Maybe that Maybe the boy is studying at Number 60 High School!"

They're too close, and from this angle, coincidentally, they're facing towards ...

Zhuo Yi tilted his head slightly. Pretending he didn't see anything: "Jiugong, you are too close."

Jiugong Liangzi quickly stood up and covered himself: "You...you pervert!"

Zhuo Yi was instantly dissatisfied: "Then I have to be able to see it! You don't even have that, Jiugong. What kind of pervert am I?"

Hearing this, Jiugong Liangzi took a deep breath and tried to calm down.

Then she quickly opened the office door and prepared to leave.

Only a cold figure was left for Zhuo Yi: "You wait for Zhuo Yi. We'll see."

"Registration procedures. I will handle it for classmate Jiugong. Good luck, classmate Jiugong." Zhuo Yi smiled and nodded.

Bang!

Then, the office door was closed instantly.

After seeing Jiugong Liangzi disappear, Zhuo Yi breathed a sigh of relief.

This young lady from abroad.

It's a bit difficult...

At this time. Zhuo Yi glanced at the lever on his thumb.

This ring is one of the magic weapons given to him by Wang Ling. It is called "Fake Heart Ring." It is also known as "Substitute Heart Ring."

As the name suggests, it is a ring that can replace the heart using space. The heart in Zhuo Yi's body is a fake heart created by the Heart Replacement Ring. The real heart is sealed in the "Replacement Heart Ring" Li.

The heart is a critical part. The function of the heart substitute ring was originally to insure the heart.

But it's different if you put it here Zhuo Yi.

Because the heartbeat of the fake heart doesn't belong to him...

So. This is one of the important reasons why Zhuo Yi can remain calm in the face of questioning, thus deceiving those "lie detector magic weapons."

But in fact, the real heart sealed in the "Substitute Heart Ring" space has a very high heart rate...

When Jiugong Liangzi just approached, Zhuo Yi could clearly feel his heartbeat intensifying under the other party's continuous questioning.





Chapter 1446 Looking for Dead Fish Eyes


Jiugong Liangzi is coming in force. This is something Zhuo Yi did not expect.

Since they want to further expand the Jiugong family's market in Huaxiu, I'm afraid the Jiugong family's current strategy is to operate on their own, the most popular general administration.

Zhuo Yi is tired. There are already a lot of doubts about him on the Internet. If Jiugong Liangzi releases all the evidence, I am afraid it will cause another disturbance.

God knows the Jiugong family will use a "Day-traveling ghost" as a witness...

Because there was really no third outsider in the core area at that time.

If you insist on saying it, Fang Xing is one of them. But now Fang Xing is not an outsider. And even if the Jiugong family can find Fang Xing, Fang Xing will not tell anyone like that because of his temper.

"It seems that we need to discuss this matter with Master as soon as possible. By the way, I asked him to be more careful these days." Zhuo Yi vaguely felt that something was wrong.

He immediately sent a text message to Wang Ling, asking him to be careful about the girl named Jiugong.

Because in the previous conversation, Jiugong specifically mentioned the iconic feature of "dead fish eyes."

And she firmly believed that the dead fish-eyed boy who was at the scene was studying at Number 60 High School.

"Master, be careful. There is a girl named Jiugong who seems to be looking for dead fish eyes all over the world... She is doubting what happened six years ago."

After editing the text message to Wang Ling, Zhuo Yi stored Jiugong Liangzi's phone number in his mobile phone based on the relevant information provided by Jiugong's family.

Name Remarks: To The Queen of A

Done!

Zhuo Yi closed the phone. He sat on Principal Chen's leather sofa and thought for a while.

This girl Jiugong Liangzi...

It's really hard to deal with.

However, the other party chose to reveal his identity directly and come to Number 60 High School for internal investigation. This was definitely a wrong choice.

Anyone who has killed werewolves knows that it is not a wise decision to identify oneself from the beginning.

Number 60 High School. But it's his territory.

There is absolutely no possibility of causing trouble here.

Thinking of this. Zhuo Yi sent another text message to another person: "Master's wife. The person named Jiugong Liangzi is investigating the master. She came to the school to register today. Please pay attention."

On the other side. Sun Rong replied almost in a second: "Who is your master's wife..."

Zhuo Yi can feel a puff of steam across the screen.

Hey hey hey.

Now there is something good to watch. Even if you don't deal with it yourself.

With Sun Rong's personality, I'm afraid Jiugong Liangzi won't get any benefits at Number 60 High School.

To know.

The last girl I came to get close to was Wang Ling.

It has been clearly arranged by Miss Sun.

...

"..."

On the other side, Wang Ling fell into deep thought after receiving the text message.

He discovered that people nowadays really can't help but praise.

When he was in front of the teaching building, he was still secretly rejoicing. This new Jiugong Liangzi was not here for him.

The result was unsatisfactory.

The other party made a circle.

In the end, he sprinted 100 meters in his own direction.

To summarize, the only piece of evidence Jiugong Liangzi has now is probably the "Day-traveling ghost" that has lived for decades.

But this Day-traveling ghost cannot be used as conclusive evidence.

After all, everyone knows that the Jiugong family has been responsible for exorcising demons for generations. Who knows if this Day-traveling ghost is just telling nonsense to save his life.

So the purpose of Jiugong Liangzi entering Number 60 High School is actually to find Wang Ling.

As long as we find the boy that the Day-traveling ghost witnessed, then this will be the key evidence.

After calculation.

Wang Ling roughly understands Jiugong Liangzi's thoughts.

He closed his eyes and released his spiritual consciousness.

Directly locking Jiugong Liangzi's position in the school.

It stands to reason that Jiugong Liangzi is just here to register today. He can leave after registration is completed.

But the other party doesn't seem to be planning to evacuate...

...

In the teaching building, Jiugong Liangzi was walking in the corridor of the school with a proud face. She was like a black swan, exuding an amazing aloof aura.

The only thing that seemed out of place was the female bodyguard behind him carrying a bag full of pancakes and fruits.

"Is this the transfer student from Sun Island? So beautiful..."

"You're dressed in a dark style! You can't be a yandere. You have to be careful when dating such a person. Maybe it will end in a hatchet!"

"Hey. I find that it would be better for us to be the president. This is too cold and cold. I don't dare to go up and talk to her at all."

...

All the surrounding sounds were transmitted to Jiugong Liangzi's ears.

Her eyes were like rays, scanning back and forth around her. Many people thought Jiugong Liangzi was angry and quickly closed her mouth.

In fact. This Jiugong Liangzi is secretly looking for dead fish eyes.

He does not get angry easily in front of outsiders. This is a good accomplishment that Jiugong Liangzi developed under the traditional education of the Jiugong family.

As a eldest lady, she must act like a eldest lady. She enjoys resources that most people in the world do not have.

It is normal to have some criticisms.

Therefore, it has long been common for outsiders to discuss Jiugong Liangzi.

Besides, these words are not vicious. They are not even qualified to make her heart beat up and down.

She deliberately walked very slowly, passing by every classroom, searching for boys with dead fish eyes.

Then write down what they look like.

Although no one dared to get too close to her during the whole process, the movement was still a bit too loud.

After searching the first two classrooms, a girl seemed to have mustered up the courage. She walked towards Jiugong Liangzi and reached out her hand: "Hello, classmate Jiugong Liangzi!"

"Who are you?"

Jiugong Liangzi glanced at the girl's hand. He didn't know what he was thinking about, but in the end he didn't hold it. He just said: "If you want anything, just say it."

"I am the secretary of the student union... Our president would like to invite you to come." The short-haired girl smiled. She did not expect Jiugong Liangzi to be so cold and cold. She retracted her hand in embarrassment.

"Does your president often exploit you?" Jiugong Liangzi found it interesting.

She knows who the student council president of Number 60 High School is.

The Huaguo Shuilian Group also has business cooperation with the Jiugong family. Jiugong Liangzi also met Sun Rong at a family gathering. But that was a few years ago.

"No...there is no such thing...the president is very good to us." The short-haired girl was frightened for a while.

"Then why do your hands look like chicken feet? It looks like you have been engaged in writing work for a long time." Jiugong Liangzi sneered. Then he took out an unopened bottle of hand cream from his bag and gave it to the girl. Passed it over.

This is Jiugong's special hand cream. It is made of pure natural ingredients. It is effective immediately. The effect is particularly good.

It's not available in the market.

"Classmate Jiugong Liangzi...this is..."

"Don't get me wrong. I didn't give you anything just because your hands look like chicken feet. It's just the cost of guiding you."

Jiugong Liangzi said expressionlessly: "Then. Let's go."

"Okay..." The girl with short hair was flattered...

On the way, Jiugong Liangzi suddenly asked.

"Oh, by the way. What is your student union system like? How is the president elected?"

"Of course it is an annual referendum. Of course, if you have any objections to the president's work, you can also conduct a public impeachment."

"Yeah." Jiugong Liangzi nodded and said.

"But why did classmate Liangzi ask that?" The short-haired girl was curious and had a bad feeling.

"Because I want to be the president."

Jiugong Liangzi replied. Concisely and to the point.





Chapter 1447 Sun Rong vs. Jiugong Liangzi


When Sun Rong received the text message from Zhuo Yi, she almost immediately felt a sense of danger.

When I saw the name Jiugong Liangzi on the list before. Sun Rong, I had a vague feeling that the purpose of Jiugong's family entering Number 60 High School was impure.

Unexpectedly, the moth seemed to be bigger than I thought.

Are you actually here because of what happened six years ago?

Although I don't know why the Jiugong family put all the blame on Zhuo Yi. But since this matter is related to Wang Ling, Sun Rong naturally cannot sit idly by.

It took her so long to finally know the secret of her classmate Wang Ling...

How could this secret be let out so easily?

"Jiugong Liangzi, right..." Sun Rong took a deep breath. Then he called up the monitoring directly through the student union's office computer and learned Jiugong Liangzi's current location.

Everything is just as Zhuo Yi said. Jiugong Liangzi seems to be wandering around the school. But in fact, he is deliberately investigating those boys with dead fish eyes.

The situation is more urgent than I imagined.

The girl immediately sent a text message to a student union officer and asked her to bring Jiugong Liangzi to her office.

So... just five or six minutes later.

This aloof young lady dressed in dark gothic style appeared at the door of the student union office with a proud face.

The female bodyguard carrying a bag of pancakes and fruit behind her saw this and quickly stopped the female officer. Then she closed the office door.

Very strong smell of gunpowder...

It feels like a war could be triggered at any time.

"Will they fight..." The female student union secretary was a little worried.

"You're overthinking. We're all young ladies. Why did we start a fight? I held you back. I was actually saving you."

"Save me?"

"It's not a good thing to know too much..." the female bodyguard said.

This is the experience she gained from working as a personal bodyguard for many years.

It's better not to get involved in the fight between the eldest ladies easily.

Otherwise, there is a high probability that you will be captured and taken to Shenjiang...

...

And sure enough, everything was as expected by the female bodyguard.

It was impossible to start a fight. But the smell of gunpowder was indeed very strong.

After feeling the door behind him being closed, Jiugong Liangzi took three steps and two steps at a time and quickly came to the desk.

She supported the table and looked straight at the calm girl in front of her with her purple eyes. There was a faint murderous look in her eyes: "Sun Rong. We haven't seen each other for a long time."

"Yeah. I haven't seen you for a long time."

Sun Rongsmile: "I didn't expect you would choose Number 60 High School this time."

Because she had already seen the temperament of Jiugong Liangzi, Sun Rong did not feel uncomfortable with Jiugong Liangzi's seemingly aggressive attitude.

Jiugong Liangzi is an old acquaintance of hers, and she has a certain understanding of him.

So for Sun Rong, it may be easier to deal with Jiugong than Jiang Yingying.

"We have all grown up a lot. But considering your level, why haven't you broken through the Foundation Building yet? I will break through soon. I can break through the Foundation Building to the Golden Core within the first year of high school. This is an amazing growth, right? ?" Jiugong Liangzi said as she found a chair and sat down.

It's normal for girls to compare themselves to each other.

Sun Rong was not surprised. The expression on his face was obviously helpless: "As for the realm, just let nature take its course. And for girls, it is useless just to grow up in the realm."

"What do you mean?" Jiugong Liangzi frowned slightly. There was something in his words.

"You know what I mean by that." Sun Rong smiled imploringly and looked at the flatness of JiuGong.

Sometimes, flat can not only be used as an adjective. In fact, it can also be a noun...

Realizing that he was being defeated by Sun Rong, the corner of Jiugong Liangzi's mouth twitched: "You...you are not the same!"

"Slightly better than you." Sun Rong straightened her back, showing off her curvy figure.

In the case where there is no obvious gap, the better ones are the most painful.

I have to say. Sun Rong's words did have the effect of the Five Thunder Initiation. Jiugong Liangzi was so shocked that he had a nervous breakdown. He was ashamed and annoyed. He didn't know what to say.

After all, this is a topic that only girls compare and pay constant attention to.

It can only be said that as the student council president of Number 60 High School, Sun Rong is worthy of being Sun Rong. Such an outstanding rhythmic ability... is indeed beyond the reach of ordinary people.

With just a few words, Jiugong Liangzi was thrown into confusion. He even forgot the purpose of coming to the student union in the first place.

Although... on the surface, Jiugong Liangzi's expression still hasn't changed much.

But Sun Rong knows that classmate Jiugong must be very confused right now.

However, Sun Rong is very impressed by the fact that he can only control his emotions without showing them on his expression.

This is indeed a worthy opponent.

But unfortunately, the rank is not enough.

After a period of deathly silence, Jiugong Liangzi took a deep breath. She gritted her teeth and planned to get you back: "Your family started out by making elixirs. So I actually have reason to doubt. Did you take something special?" of elixirs."

However, what Jiugong Liangzi didn't expect was that the girl sitting in the president's seat actually admitted it directly!

Sun Rong: "Yes, classmate Jiugong. I took some supplements."

"You actually admitted it like that?" Jiugong Liangzi was shocked. He was surprised by Sun Rong's chess move.

She felt as if she was playing chess with Sun Rong.

However, she couldn't understand the opponent's moves at all...

It's okay to admit it directly... What kind of operation is this?!

Jiugong Liangzi thinks this is actually a very private thing.

Just like some celebrities who clearly have had plastic surgery but say they have not.

And for girls.

That part...

Of course it is purely natural. Only then does it have the capital to show off.

"Although I take supplements, they are all natural." Sun Rong smiled slightly: "Jiugong should know very well the importance of genes."

"Gene?"

"The supplements I take can only stimulate the original genes to achieve growth. But if the genes themselves are not good, no matter how much I take, it will be useless."

Sun Rong smiled and said: "It's like some height-increasing products on the market. If your parents are not tall, no matter how much you eat, you can't change your genes and grow taller."

The more Jiugong Liangzi listened, the more he felt that these words were inappropriate: "Please explain clearly...what do you mean..."

Sun Rong was busy apologizing, "Don't be mistaken, I didn't mean anything by it. It's just that I've known for a long time that fellow student Jiugong might be coming to Sixty, so I prepared a gift in advance to meet her."

After saying that, she opened the drawer and placed the gift box she had prepared on the table.

Jiugong Liangzi walked over and stroked the gift box: "This is?"

"I take supplements." Sun Rong said with a smile: "As long as you take it, it will take effect immediately."

"Heh. Does this lady still need something like this?"

Jiugong Liangzi snorted. But he still reached out to accept the gift box with a grateful face: "Don't get me wrong. I just left it for my female bodyguard to eat. Who knows if there is any poison in it."

"Understood..."Sun Rong nodded.

After accepting the gift, Jiugong Liangzi immediately turned around and left.

After seeing the office door closed, Sun Rong's expression completely relaxed.

Classmate Jiugong is really difficult to deal with.

But in this round, she won...

Because the so-called "supplements" in the gift box are not real supplements.

It's a mildly hallucinogenic water called "The Whole World Is Dead Fish Eye Potion"

The effect can be achieved by [oral administration] or [inhalation].

Those who are infected will continue to have hallucinations within 72 hours.

Just like the name of the potion, everyone's eyes will turn into dead fish eyes in the sight of the person who is infected...

This is a situation that Sun Rong expected to happen before. The scientific research department of the group was specially commissioned to secretly prepare the medicine.

Unexpectedly, it really came in handy this time.

...

On the other side, after Jiugong Liangzi left the office, he immediately went to the women's toilet.

She couldn't wait to open the bottle of "supplement." She smelled it first, and then frowned: "This should be taken orally to be effective..."

This put Jiugong Liangzi into deep entanglement.

After all, this is what is eaten in the stomach...

After thinking about it carefully, Jiugong Liangzi felt that it would be better to be cautious: "Heh. Sun Rong...You want to trick me into taking the potion? I won't be fooled! I'm going to test it. What is this? What."

So, she resisted the thought of not taking it and put the potion away again.

However, Jiugong Liangzi did not know.

In fact, she has already been tricked.

The whole world is full of "dead fish eye medicine." Inhalation is also effective.

And this... is also within Sun Rong's calculation...





Chapter 1448 It's sweet


Although Jiugong Liangzi really longed for "supplements" in his heart, his reason finally defeated his desire.

Because this is not the first time she has been tricked by Sun Rong.

Once at that banquet of a wealthy family, Jiugong Liangzi believed in the evil spirit of Sun Rong and took a pill that was said to make the body develop rapidly.

She thought this was her dream supplement. It turned out to be an extremely fast hair growth pill...

This directly led to Jiugong Liangzi lying directly in a pile of hair when he woke up that night.

Those who didn't know thought they were filming a sequel to "The Grudge"...

However, that was a long time ago. Everyone has their naughty moments when they are young. Sun Rong is no exception.

"Sun Rong. Do you think I was fooled once? Will you be fooled a second time?" Jiugong Liangzi sneered in his heart and walked out of the bathroom confidently.

"How are you, Miss? How do you feel?" The female bodyguard from the side came over and asked.

"No. I didn't eat it because I thought about it. This might be a trap." Jiugong Liangzi said calmly.

"Miss is wise." The female bodyguard nodded.

She was secretly grateful for her young lady's wit: "Actually, if young lady is worried, you can give it to me to taste first next time. If you make sure it's not poisonous, then..."

"What a beautiful idea." Jiugong Liangzi glanced at the female bodyguard and said, "You are already promising enough... If you get bigger, do you want to fill up a hot air balloon and go to the sky?"

The female bodyguard fell silent: "..."

She lowered her head and didn't dare to say anything. Jiugong Liangzi was still staring at her, and his eyes became more and more strange: "Wait a minute! Have you had plastic surgery?"

"Plastic surgery? No..." The female bodyguard was panicked.

"Really?" Jiugong Liangzi was doubtful.

"No...I definitely didn't go for breast augmentation!" the female bodyguard said.

"Who asked you this..."

Jiugong Liangzi frowned: "I mean, how do I feel about your eyes? They seem to be different from before. I remember you have double eyelids. How come you have dead fish eyes now?"

"Dead fish eyes? No way!" The female bodyguard quickly took out her mobile phone and turned on the selfie mode to take a look. She spent a lot of money to get double eyelids. They are still perfect and dazzling under the filter.

Damn...

Jiugong Liangzi rubbed his eyebrows.

She felt that she must have been too eager to find the boy with dead fish eyes, which led to some kind of hallucination.

But these are harmless.

The search for the dead boy with fish eyes must continue.

She had just inspected 2 classrooms before.

She was about to continue the search. But she saw those 60 High School friends walking towards her. They were all looking at her with dead eyes.

Jiugong Liangzi slowly issued a question mark: "?"

There are so many dead fish eyes in this school?

...

Because of the news from Zhuo Yi in advance, Wang Ling was a little absent-minded in class all morning. He was afraid that Jiugong Liangzi would find him.

So I have been secretly spying on Jiugong Liangzi's movements.

The result was disastrous. Near noon, Jiugong Liangzi went back by himself...

It is indeed the Huaguo Shuilian Group!

He can actually develop something as magical as "the whole world is full of dead fish eye potion"...

At the beginning, Wang Ling was still worried about letting Sun Rong know about her affairs. Is it a blessing or a curse?

Now it looks like Wang Ling feels that maybe he was worrying too much.

Relying on her family's technology and money making ability, the girl can actually provide him with a good cover.

This time.

Thank you so much Sun Rong.

Indeed. This is Wang Ling's heartfelt gratitude.

He felt that he should express his feelings.

"Would you like some crispy noodles?"

Wang Ling touched his chin. He felt a little confused.

It would be a bit too obvious to serve crispy noodles.

After all, he is probably the only person in this class who can give out crispy noodles...

It's better to keep it simple.

So, while Sun Rong was still in the student union office at noon, Wang Ling conveniently stuffed a White Rabbit toffee into Sun Rong's pencil case.

This is another childhood snack that Wang Ling loves.

It's just that I don't like it as much as the crispy noodles. It's just an ordinary liking.

Sometimes in order to replenish the sugar in the body in time, Wang Ling basically carries 12 of them with him.

Of course. The white rabbit toffee given to Sun Rong looks simple, but is actually enlightened.

As for efficacy...

We'll know after Sun Rong eats it.

...

On the other side, Jiugong Liangzi, who thought there was something wrong with his brain, quickly returned to the high-end villa where he stayed.

This is a piece of land specially purchased by the Jiugong family to facilitate Jiugong Liangzi's continued activities within Songhai City. The price of the entire villa is 600,000 per square meter. It is undoubtedly a proper aristocratic area.

Jiugong's villa is divided into five floors including a basement. The two floors and above are Jiugong Liangzi's own space.

The first floor is used to receive foreign guests, while the basement houses security personnel and some scientific researchers.

"Are you feeling better, miss?" The female bodyguard poured Jiugong a glass of hot water.

Neither she nor Jiugong expected that they would be tricked the first time they went to Number 60 High School...

A private doctor conducted a detailed examination on Jiugong Liangzi.

This is the accompanying doctor specially assigned by the Jiugong family to Jiugong Liangzi. He is a very young but very experienced young man.

He has a very neat slicked-back hair and wears a pair of gold-rimmed glasses. He is completely dressed like a social elite.

"Doctor Dahe. How is the situation?" the female bodyguard asked looking at the doctor.

Mucun Dahe quickly came to the conclusion: "The lady must have been intoxicated by some kind of hallucinogen."

"Hallucinogens?" Jiugong Liangzi frowned: "I didn't take anything like that..."

"You don't have to take it. It's a high-grade hallucinogen. Inhaling it is just as effective." Mucun Dahe put down the stethoscope and said.

"Inhale..." Jiugong Liangzi seemed to realize something instantly.

She didn't say anything. She just clenched her little fists.

"It seems that the lady should already know which link caused the problem." Mucun Dahe tried hard to restrain his smile.

"Stop talking nonsense. Is there any way to relieve the hallucinogenic effect?" Jiugong asked.

"To remove the effects of hallucinogens, you need to prescribe the right medicine. However, including the analysis of ingredients and the time for research and development...it often takes a long time. The lady's symptoms are actually not very strong. They can be resolved on their own in about 2-3 days." Mucun Dahe said.

"This time. I underestimated the enemy."

Jiugong Liangzi sighed.

"The days are long. Miss, there is no need to rush."

Mucun Dahe said: "Master, the situation is in our favor now. So we just need to follow the steps. There will be no problem."

"I know." Jiugong Liangzi nodded.

Actually this time, although she was hooked.

But for Jiugong Liangzi, it was not without gain.

If the boy with dead fish eyes was not at Number 60 High School, then why did Sun Rong give her that potion to cover it up?

This shows that she may be very close to the truth.

And it seems like. Sun Rong must know something...

At this time, the female bodyguard looked at the time and reminded: "Miss, the Internet celebrity technology expert you made an appointment with, Master Shou Chong, has already arrived at the door."

Jiugong Liangzi nodded: "Ask him to wait for me on the first floor. I'll change my clothes and go down."





Chapter 1449 Popular Citizen Scientist


As the saying goes, when Brother Hei smiles, life or death is unpredictable.

Created by Brother Chong, it ascends to heaven and explodes.

Taking advantage of Fan Xing's last suicide attempt, the "Fully Automatic Escape Apartment" designed by Shou Chong became very popular.

Together with Shou Chong himself, he directly rushed to the forefront of popular private traffic scientists.

As one of the representatives of the new generation of demon exorcists, Jiugong Liangzi has always had a strong interest in cutting-edge technology.

Including the Jiugong family's current exorcism of demons. Many aspects have been integrated with modern science. Technological intervention is used to complete various tasks. As a result, the customer satisfaction rate has also been greatly improved.

The matter of Jiugong Liangzi summoning Shou Chong this time was actually decided long before Jiugong came to Huaxiu.

In other words, before Shou Chong became as popular as it is now, the Jiugong family had already been connected with Shou Chong.

While Shou Chong was waiting in the living room on the first floor, the maid of the villa served a carefully prepared plug.

About ten minutes later, Jiugong Liangzi put on a purple maple leaf-style kimono and walked slowly downstairs on wooden clogs.

On the back of the kimono is the crow crest of the Jiugong family.

This can be regarded as Jiugong's carefully prepared dress out of respect for scientists.

After coming downstairs, her purple eyes locked on Shou Chong.

This was the first time she saw Shou Chong's Zhenren. She was a little surprised that Shou Chong was as unkempt as in the photo.

He was wearing a pair of straw sandals and a yellowish white coat. His face was unshaven, and even his hair was a mess of seaweed.

Jiugong Liangzi felt that his favorability was instantly wiped away a lot.

She met a total of three people today.

Leaving aside Sun Rong. The remaining ones are Zhuo Yi and Shou Chong.

Although the liar Zhuo Yi is very annoying, but in terms of first impression, Jiugong feels that he is really many times better than Shou Chong...

At least. That's a clean man.

"Miss... Otherwise, I'd better let him go back." The female bodyguard felt something was wrong in the atmosphere and whispered.

"I invited him here. How can I let him go back so easily?" Jiugong Liangzi frowned.

Now, she had no choice but to bite the bullet...

Because Shou Chong had a very strange smell. Jiugong Liangzi chose to sit on the sofa several steps away.

The result was disastrous. She had just sat down on her side. Shou Chong's butt automatically moved towards her as if it were on a pulley.

Jiugong Liangzi: "..."

"Hello, Miss Jiugong." Shou Chong chuckled: "Although this is our first meeting, I actually brought a lot of experimental magic weapons that have not yet been put into mass production. For example, just now, when you saw me, I automatically moved closer to you. This is actually the effect of the [Social Nano Underwear] that I invented."

"Social...Nano underwear..."

"There have been frequent flu outbreaks recently. During this epidemic, it is actually very important to maintain good social distance."

Shou Chong began to introduce his product: "And this [Social Nano Underwear] can automatically keep a distance of about one meter from the person it touches. You don't even need to walk. You just need to sit like this. Your butt will be It's like it has a pulley. It approaches automatically..."

"What if the other party runs away?" The female bodyguard asked a very curious question.

"That's a good question, young lady." Shou Chong said: "If you run away, of course you will catch up automatically. As fast as the opponent runs, your butt moves as fast as possible. So the flaw of this product is that if it moves too fast. The strong friction can easily burn your butt."

"As expected of Master Shou Chong."

Hearing this, Jiugong Liangzi took a deep breath.

She suppressed her urge to curse and tried hard to maintain the dignity of a young lady.

After all, she invited the person here. She couldn't lose her temper just because she didn't agree with him.

Also, Jiugong Liangzi actually investigated Shou Chong beforehand. He knew that Shou Chong had accumulated many useless inventions...

But whether these inventions are useful or not is not the key.

What Jiugong Liangzi likes is Shou Chong's unique design ideas.

"Master Shou Chong should know. What is the purpose of my coming to you."

"I have always heard that the Jiugong family is attacking the demon exorcism and exorcism market in Huaxiu." Shou Chong smiled.

After he became popular these days, he has actually been looking for a suitable partner to mass-produce his inventions and creations.

The Jiugong family took the initiative to contact him a long time ago.

He thought this was a good opportunity.

He also worked with Fan Xing before. However, Fan Xing has evil intentions. Moreover, he seems to be cursed by something evil. He has to go to the hospital every two days. It is really evil.

Good birds choose trees to roost in.

Shou Chong has long wanted to change his work place.

Fan Xing no matter how rich a person is.

How can it be compared to the support of the entire Jiugong family?

"As long as the Jiugong family can use my products, I think they will be even more powerful in the business of exorcism and exorcism. Now, let me introduce..."

"Master, wait a moment."

Jiugong Liangzi did not intend to let Shou Chong continue the introduction. Instead, he planned to get straight to the point: "We do need some high-end scientific research products to help our Jiugong family expand the market. But does the magic weapon developed by the master meet the needs of our Jiugong family?. It's hard to say these things yet."

"If Ms. Jiugong needs to customize a magic weapon, that's also possible. You might as well tell me your thoughts." Shou Chong said.

"I need to find a boy with dead fish eyes. But it's been six years now. This boy is now 16 years old."

"Are there any relevant clues?"

"The only clue I have at the moment is that this boy may be in the high school I am about to transfer to." Jiugong Liangzi frowned: "And I'm not sure whether he has had plastic surgery on himself."

"Plastic surgery doesn't matter. You can change your appearance, but you can't change your genes. If there is genetic data related to this boy, it may be much easier to find." Shou Chong said.

"The only clue we have right now is the testimony of a Day-traveling ghost."

Jiugong Liangzi said with a headache: "Comparatively, it was just a boy at that time. His facial features were not fully developed. The Jiugong family also found many masters to predict what the boy would look like when he grew up based on the description of the Day-traveling ghost. The result was not. Reliable."

"So. What is Miss Jiugong's request?" Shou Chong felt that something was interesting.

"I hope the master can develop a magic weapon to help me find this dead fish-eyed boy."

"It's difficult... and the research and development costs..."

"Is five billion enough?"

"Deal."





Chapter 1450 Party A and Party B


"My research and development has always been rapid. It only takes one week to have the experimental version of the magic weapon. Until then, please be patient, Ms. Jiugong."

At this time, Shou Chong stood up and said with a smile: "I already have a general design idea. So Miss Jiugong, I will leave first."

"As expected of Master Shou Chong. I look forward to your research and development results." Jiugong nodded. She tried her best to smile. But it was a pity. The expression on her face was still stiff.

"Easy to say." Shou Chong smiled.

"Later, I will arrange for someone to go to Master Shou Chong's research institute to sign a contract. Five billion R&D expenses will be paid immediately."

"Miss, you are so happy." Shou Chong bowed.

Then he quickly excused himself.

Five billion R&D expenses. This is something Shou Chong never dreamed of.

After all, it is the Jiugong family. It is different to be generous. Compared with self-employed people like Fan Xing, the abundant supply of funds makes Shou Chong very satisfied.

With such huge research and development costs, he is one step closer to his "big plan."

Shou Chong's big plan originated from an extraterrestrial meteorite wrapped in black light. This meteorite is still sealed in his research institute. Although it is only 0.5g in size, it contains huge energy.

Moreover, this small meteorite has an amazing amount of radiation. It also has the magical power to decompose spiritual energy.

If you can make good use of it.

Maybe this little black meteorite can provide wireless energy.

Just like the legendary "artificial sun."

And this is Shou Chong's "Infinite Energy Plan."

He gave this black meteorite, which was only the size of a grain of sand, a nice name. It was called: Eternity.

The Jiugong family spent 5 billion to develop a magic weapon to find the dead fish-eyed boy. In fact, Shou Chong thinks that developing such a magic weapon would only cost tens of millions...

As for the remaining funds, he can invest them all in his big plan.

Between Party A and Party B, Party B seems to be a vulnerable group. But in fact, as long as they are good at calculation, they will not suffer too much.

Especially scientific research expenses like this.

The exact amount of investment is up to Shou Chong himself.

Even if it is finally evaluated, there won't be any problems.

After all. Knowledge is priceless.

However. Regarding his "Infinite Energy Plan", Shou Chong estimates that his research funding will be at least around 20 billion before it can be documented.

Although he received R&D funding of 5 billion from the Jiugong family, in fact it was far from enough.

So. About that night.

Shou Chong went to another person's home.

That is the villa of the Sun Rong family...

"Hello. I have heard about Master Shou Chong for a long time." As soon as they met, the girl took the initiative to step forward and shake hands with Shou Chong.

This surprised Shou Chong. He deliberately made himself look sloppy. On the way, many passers-by pinched their noses and rolled their eyes when they saw him.

When he first arrived at Jiugong's house, Shou Chong could clearly feel that Jiugong Liangzi was trying his best to endure it.

At that time, he secretly admired the cultivation of the eldest daughter of the Jiugong family. Unexpectedly, Sun Rong's generous and warm handshake gave Shou Chong a completely new impact.

It is said that this young lady from the Huaguo Shuilian Group is generous and decent. It is indeed true...

"Miss Sun Rong, wait a moment."

Seeing Sun Rong being so enthusiastic, Shou Chong naturally couldn't be rude. He took out the spray and sprayed his hands. He cleaned them briefly. Then he held them back and said, "I hope Miss Sun won't be offended. I just came from Coming out of the lab, it's a little messy..."

"It's okay. I understand."

Sun Rong smiled and nodded: "Master, please sit down."

Then she snapped her fingers.

Aunt Qiu, who had been waiting behind for a long time, brought prepared tea and cakes.

In fact, this meeting with Sun Rong was an impromptu decision by Shou Chong.

After leaving Jiugong's house, he actually had several investors he wanted to meet. These investors were all very interested in his novel magic weapon.

Although RMB 20 billion in research funding is an astronomical amount, it can only be collected if we find a few more Party A dads.

However, what Shou Chong didn't expect was that as soon as he came out of Shou Chong's house, Ms. Sun from the Huaguo Shuilian Group actually contacted him...

This is a big fish!

One person can be responsible for hundreds or even thousands of investors.

For such a capable customer, for the sake of his own research funding, Shou Chong would certainly not miss it just like this.

"I'm not a person who likes to beat around the bush. I came here today to ask Master Shou Chong. I want to ask, classmate Jiugong, what kind of magic weapon I want you to invent." Sun Rong was wearing a blue gauze dress. One hand is holding the tray. The other hand is holding the black tea cup. The waist is straight, showing the figure and demeanor of a young lady.

Shou Chong was silent. He smiled bitterly: "This matter involves customer confidentiality..."

"I guess I haven't signed the relevant contract yet. Since I haven't signed it, then the contract is just a piece of waste paper. It's not a leak of secrets." Sun Rong smiled.

"But even so, I can't say..." Shou Chong frowned, but decided to remain silent.

Although his purpose is to raise funds, he still has professional ethics.

"Even if Master doesn't say it, I still know."

At this time, Sun Rong looked at Shou Chong and said, "Did Ms. Jiugong Liangzi commission the master to create a magic weapon that can find boys with dead fish eyes?"

These words instantly made Shou Chong's pupils tremble.

"This..." Shou Chong opened his eyes wide with disbelief on his face.

He didn't know where Miss Sun in front of him got the news.

I was even more amazed at the girl's ability to control information.

Of course. Such intelligence control capabilities cannot be achieved without alerting the family's power. Sun Rong alone is of course impossible.

Jiugong is a dangerous person.

So after Jiugong Liangzi left school, Sun Rong immediately contacted Lord Diulei and asked him to activate the Office of Strategic Deception's intelligence network and monitor all Jiugong Liangzi's actions.

During this period, what Jiugong Liangzi said, what he did, and who he met... In fact, everything is within the control of the Office of Strategic Deception.

In fact, there is already an undercover agent arranged by the Office of Strategic Deception in the Jiugong family's villa.

"It seems that what I said is completely correct."

Sun Rong smiled indifferently: ''I actually understand if the Master refuses to talk about it. However, this intelligence leak has nothing to do with Master. And the purpose of me coming to find Master this time is also very simple, that is, I hope that Master can develop a magic weapon that interferes with the opponent's magic treasure."

"Miss Sun means..."

"What it means is that if Jiugong wants you to develop a magic weapon, just go in the opposite direction and develop a restraint magic weapon." Sun Rong said.

"Reverse research and development... It's difficult. And the research and development costs are not cheap..."

"Didn't she quote you five billion?" At this time, Sun Rong raised his eyebrows.

"Yes. Could it be that Miss Sun can also pay such a price?" Shou Chong was curious.

"No."

The girl put her black tea cup back on the coffee table. She just smiled and said, "I'll pay three times."

"What did Miss Sun say..."

Shou Chong couldn't believe his ears: "Three times?"

"Now, I am also trying to learn to keep a low profile. But sometimes I have to take action."

Having said that, Sun Rong smiled calmly: "Jiugong wants to play. Then I'll play with her."

"..."

Shou Chong wiped his sweat.

Now, he completely understood. This is basically a war between women!

Women are so scary...

Fortunately, he hasn't married a wife yet.

From this point of view, for the rest of his life, he will still be like Gong Xuan, who was not willing to break out at his birthday party. He will live well with the ten-finger girl...





Chapter 1451 Sun Yiyuan's strong support


15 billion. For the extremely wealthy Huaguo Shuilian Group, this amount is not too large.

Compared with the "Dream Dedicated Fund" that Sun Yiyuan uses every year for stock trading, investment, charity and realizing dreams for others, 15 billion is just a drop in the bucket.

However, in order to mobilize such a huge sum of money, it still needs to be approved within the family.

That night, after Sun Rong made this decision, the senior management of the group who had not yet discussed it were all shocked. They quickly got up from the bed to inquire about the situation.

In their knowledge, the girl who has always been well-behaved and sensible has never behaved like this in handling huge sums of money.

Several group executives quickly held a video conference. They discussed the use of this huge amount of funds in their respective homes.

"Invest in scientific research projects? Or for that internet celebrity scientist Shou Chong?"

A group board of directors of the senior frowned: "This project must be compensated ... in my opinion, that Shou Chong is a liar. In fact, there are a lot of such liars in the private sector, specializing in the invention of some useless treasures to eat royalties and eye-catching."

"So it's this person. I know."

One person nodded and said: "I remember that Fan Xing was seriously injured a while ago. It seems to be related to this person. Although a fully automatic escape apartment was designed, it was said that it was due to insufficient funds and not being responsible for the landing... which led to Fan Xing After landing, he fell into a humanoid slime."

"I also have an impression of this..."

"The key is that we oppose it. It should be useless. The final decision lies with Old Sun..." Another board member sighed.

They are just small shareholders. Although they have the right to object and participate in meetings.

But if Mr. Boss Sun makes the final decision, there really is no room for maneuver on this matter.

After all, Sun Yiyuan still holds the majority share.

So now the question comes. Why does this young lady, who has always been sensible and obedient, have a relationship with this popular internet celebrity scientist...

This matter has left many directors puzzled.

Board members currently in video conference. There are sixteen people in total.

It is related to their own interests. These people integrate the intelligence network in their hands. They can also obtain some intelligence.

About half an hour later, someone received an anonymous intelligence message: "I know. This matter... seems to be related to the Jiugong family."

"Jiugong family? I remember they just sent Jiugong Liangzi, who is known as the symbol of the younger generation of the Jiugong family, to come over for exchange and study. They also specially chose Number 60 High School..."

"That's right. This information is very reasonable. Maybe all the disputes this time started because of the Jiugong family."

A director said: "According to my information, the young lady from the Jiugong family first approached Shou Chong... and Sun Rong most likely decided to symbolize it out of anger."

"Did you come up with the idea of investing because you were angry?" Many board members laughed loudly in the video.

Everyone in the Sun family said that Director Sun Rong was well-behaved and had a unique vision. However, such youthful behavior still made the old fritters on the board of directors laugh.

After all, it's a girl's house...

Someone who will inherit the family business and manage an entire group in the future. Now it seems that he still lacks a lot of enthusiasm.

"By the way. Is the information reliable?"

"100% reliable. But the source of the information... allow me to keep it secret."

"Forget it. It doesn't matter where you got the news. Just be reliable. Also, do you know why these two young ladies were angry and invested in this Shou Chong?" said the board member who initially jumped out to object.

His surname is Fan. His given name is Fan Mingliang. Fan Xing is actually his nephew.

Therefore, Fan Mingliang almost has a natural dislike for Shou Chong.

He wanted to find out as much as possible about the situation, because in this way, there would be enough reasons to prove that this investment was due to the grudge between the eldest ladies, which ultimately blocked the group's funding.

In order for the girl not to lose her reputation as a prodigal daughter. According to Boss Sun's temper, there is a high probability that he will agree to block the funding.

And in fact... during a video call with members of the board of directors.

Mr. Boss Sun is also learning the details in depth.

The other party on the video call is still Chief Secretary Jiang Xiaoche.

"Master, 15 billion. It's not a small amount..." Jiang Xiaoche's expression looked serious.

"What's the reaction from the board of directors?" Sun Yiyuan asked.

"They thought that this was the result of the grudge between the young lady and the young lady from the Jiugong family. Shou Chong is not a reliable person... If you invest in it, you will probably lose money." Jiang Xiaoche said truthfully.

"I knew it. That's what they'd say."

Boss Sun smiled.

Sun Rong is still young after all. The old man expected that his words had no weight.

Although Huaguo Shuilian Group. He is the one who really controls the entire cake and holds the cake knife.

However, he has to admit that this cake is not his alone after all.

It is also important to consider the interests of other board members.

"In my impression, Rongrong has never touched such a large amount of money." Boss Sun muttered while thinking.

On the contrary, he felt that this was not the result of anger.

If you use such a sum of money and end up losing money, you can imagine the consequences... The board of directors will definitely use this to make a fuss about her granddaughter's future control of the family business.

His granddaughter is also being watched by countless people.

Regarding the allocation of funds, he can decide on a case-by-case basis.

But whether she will be qualified to inherit the company in the future. That really depends on the girl's own ability...

If you don't have enough ability.

Then you can only entrust a third party to manage it.

Mr. Boss Sun has been carefully cultivating Sun Rong over the years.

Because Huaguo Shuilian Group was cultivated by him. After sowing, fertilizing, watering and the baptism of years, it has now grown into a towering tree full of fruits.

The owner of this fruit tree, Mr. Boss Sun, does not want to transfer it to anyone else.

"Sir, the board of directors is still waiting for a reply."

"I know."

Boss Sun said. He faced the video and smiled: "I have actually thought about it. I don't think Rongrong will do such an uncertain project."

"But what if we lose money..."

"Let's do it. You go back and tell the board of directors. I will sign a separate gambling agreement with all the board members."

At this time, Mr. Boss Sun crossed his fingers, dragged his chin, and squinted his eyes slightly, looking at Jiang Xiaoche.

"Betting agreement?!" Jiang Xiaoche was shocked.

"If Rongrong makes a profit from this investment, she will be the future heir of my Huaguo Shuilian Group. If it loses money, then according to the gambling agreement, I will choose a third party to act as agent."

"This..." Jiang Xiaoche opened his mouth in surprise.

I feel like this matter has caused a bit of a fuss.

"Sir, are you sure you won't think about it anymore..." Jiang Xiaoche frowned.

"Xiaoche. I know that there are many stocks and investments in the group. You didn't listen to my advice at all...instead you made money." Boss Sun showed a wry smile.

"..."

"Sometimes, right and wrong are half-and-half records."

Boss Sun smiled and said: "When I get older, even though I have made many wrong choices and assumptions, I still believe in Rongrong. I believe in my own decisions. I can always make it right the last time."

"Master..." Jiang Xiaoche looked moved. There was still a bit of emotion in his eyebrows.

It is so enviable to have such a grandpa...

"Forget it. I'll go talk to the board of directors directly. Help me. Cut the video."

At this time, Boss Sun's words interrupted Jiang Xiaoche's thoughts.

Face the members of the board of directors.

In addition to the contents of the previous gambling agreement.

Boss Sun only had two words left: make money!





Chapter 1452 Wang Ling's Milk Candy


The deal with Sun Rong has been concluded.

Shou Chong left the villa under the escort of the commissioner assigned by Sun Rong. This was to prevent the Jiugong family's spies from monitoring nearby.

Since the Office of Strategic Deception can arrange an undercover agent in Jiugong's home, there is no guarantee that there will be a mole in her villa.

So. The girl immediately implemented the following plans.

One: Use Aohai's sword energy to form a sword barrier. Within the scope of the villa, no communication signals can be transmitted. If there is a ghost in the villa, not only can the signal be effectively blocked, but even the communication talisman will be intercepted by Aohai.

Two: She asked Sun Ying'er to help. She wrote down the shadow of everyone in the villa. If there was a new maid hired, the new shadow would be captured immediately by Sun Ying'er.

Of course, this operation is also feasible if you ask Aunt Qiu to specifically ask for information and then identify each person's face.

However, there is too much movement, which can easily reveal the truth.

Finally, and the third point: before Shou Chong left the villa, Sun Rong specially asked the maid of the villa to take a bath and put on a neat new suit.

Avoid places outside the villa where Aohai's sword energy barrier cannot take care of. Place the Jiugong family's eyeliners.

Even if there is eyeliner, facing the new look of Shou Chong, I am afraid that it will not be recognized at first glance.

The above decision-making was decisive, swift and clear-thinking. Shou Chong was amazed to see it.

On the way out of the Sun family villa, Shou Chong had already begun to make plans in his mind...

Now, he has two parties.

Sun Rong and Jiugong Liangzi are both.

But after such a comparison, it is actually obvious which Party A is more powerful...

Although it is true that the eldest lady of the Sun family provided him with 15 billion in funds, it is obvious that this eldest lady is a character who is not easy to fool.

Therefore, Shou Chong feels that it is necessary to be a little more serious about the research and development of magic weapons for Sun Rong.

At least we must develop a magic weapon that is sustainable and profitable...

After this wave, his 20 billion "Infinite Energy Plan" research funding has been barely realized.

Sun Rong treats him well... Mainly because Party A's father is not easy to fool. So Shou Chong feels that he needs to be extra serious about his research on Sun Rong.

Of course. There is also Shou Chong's own intuition in this.

He didn't know why. During the conversation with the eldest lady of the Sun family, Shou Chong felt a chill behind her...

...

On the other side, after Wang Ling finished his homework in the study, he has been observing the movements in Jiugong's villa and Sun Rong's side...

Of course, he didn't intentionally spy on these two girls.

Just out of pure curiosity. What will these two girls do...

The result. Let Wang Ling be shocked.

For his pair of dead fish eyes. The two girls combined invested 20 billion in research funds.

Although it is not my own money.

But Wang Ling's first reaction was still distressed...

20 billion!

How many crispy noodles can you buy?

Wang Ling remember that there was a news in the news a while ago that the god of gambling, the immortal, passed away.

This legendary God of Gamblers left a fortune of 500 billion to his children...

Someone simply did the math.

What is the concept of 500 billion assets?

Assuming that a person can live to be 100 years old, then this person will have to spend about 13.69 million yuan every day from birth until death... before this money can be completely consumed.

Is this the life of rich people?

Although Wang Ling's current life is dull and not poor. He can afford Father Wang's meager royalties, but he is not to the point of squandering tens of billions...

"If you want to live a rich life, you can get married." Wang Ying crossed his arms and leaned against the door with a smile.

"..." Wang Ling still glanced at Wang Ying with a dead look on his face.

It is impossible to marry into the family.

Money or not. In fact, it has little impact on Wang Ling.

Anyway, Wang Ling only needs to have enough money to buy crispy noodles.

Things like money.

If you don't bring it with you in life, you won't take it with you in death. From Wang Ling's point of view, it doesn't make any sense.

But sometimes it's quite interesting to have an illusion.

For example, Wang Ling remembers fantasizing about it when he was a child.

If everyone in the world transfers a dime to him, will he become the richest person in the world?

"Your Majesty, is this the only way you feel about this 20 billion?" Wang Ying looked at Wang Ling.

Wang Ling looked expressionless. He actually didn't quite understand what Wang Ying meant. But he knew that there was obviously something behind his words.

"She did it all for..."

Wang Ying opened his mouth. He was halfway through speaking, but in the end he couldn't continue.

He knows that regarding emotional matters, as long as the sealed Talisman still exists, his family's leader will always be like this... At this stage, this is something that is difficult to change.

We can only wait until one day when Wang Ling can truly control the power. Maybe it will be understandable...

But when that time comes, maybe the emotions that have been suppressed in my heart will burst out in an instant like a blowout.

Wang Ying touched his chin and thought about what might happen in the future.

I suddenly felt more curious.

...

After sending Shou Chong off smoothly, Sun Rong began to complete the homework assigned by the school.

A few days ago, because of the collection of Rubik's cubes, the girl got up early to make up the homework.

But there is no need for it now. The subsequent collection of Rubik's Cubes has been suspended because it is said to be very risky.

So. Is Wang Ling actually still thinking about her?

Thinking of this. Sun Rong feels very good.

She sorted out her evening homework and opened her pencil case.

Although there are many papers, these exercises are not difficult for young girls. If you are determined, you can finish one in 10 minutes.

Many multiple-choice questions have almost formed directional thinking under the teacher's question-sea tactics. After doing it too much... there is no need to review the questions at all. You can know where the answer is by just looking at the options.

Her fingers were reaching for the pen in her pencil case. A white rabbit toffee suddenly caught the girl's attention.

Sun Rong was immediately stunned: "?"

Why is there candy in her pencil case...

Sun Ying'er was behind with a look of watching a drama. She resisted the urge not to spoil the story. She was observing the girl's reaction when she saw the candy.

At this moment, the girl picked up the White Rabbit toffee, put it in front of her nose and smelled it carefully: "This candy... seems to have the smell of classmate Wang Ling on it..."

"I'll be damned! You can smell it!" Sun Ying'er was shocked.

"Ying'er. Did you know this early?"Sun Rong was surprised.

"Yes, but seeing that you were so focused on dealing with the mistress from Jiugong, I didn't remind you. I wanted to wait for Rongrong to find out on your own. I didn't expect your sense of smell to be so strong!" Sun Ying'er was surprised.

"Classmate Wang Ling has... always had a very light soap smell..."

Sun Rong became a little shy: "And, please don't say that about Jiugong-san."

"Okay. After all, it's not decided yet."

Sun Ying'er nodded. Then he looked at Sun Rong with a curious expression: "How about it? Do you want to try it? Ling Zhenren's candy is attuned and has special effects!"

"It will expire..."

"Enlightened. Of course not."

"Then I have to keep it."Sun Rong said with a smile.

There is only one sugar.

It would be a shame to just eat it like that...

Sun Ying'er spread his hands helplessly: "I know you can't bear it. Do you still want to insure the candy?"

These words made Sun Rong's eyes light up: "Ying'er. Although you usually speak freely, you finally mentioned a great idea!"

Sun Ying'er: "..."

Sun Rong thought for a moment: "I still have some pocket money left this month. I will use the remaining pocket money to buy insurance first! I will renew the insurance coverage when I get next month's pocket money."

Sun Ying'er: "So how much pocket money do you have per month?"

Sun Rong: "Not much. Just one billion."

Sun Ying'er: "..."





Chapter 1453 Jiang Xiaoche's Fake Couple List


The operation of insuring the toffee was a masterpiece. Although Sun Rong paid for it himself, it was still Jiang Xiaoche who took care of the matter.

Jiang Xiaoche just signed a gambling agreement with the board of directors. After settling the 15 billion issue, he immediately contacted Sun Rong the insurance company overnight...

He feels like a tool man.

But he didn't feel irritated at all. Being asked to do things by Sun Rong made him feel as if he was being relied on.

Very good.

By the time everything was done, it was already close to ten o'clock in the evening.

Jiang Xiaoche then remembered that he had a dinner party with Jiang Yingying.

The hotel was booked by Jiang Xiaoche before. Because of the matter with the board of directors, Jiang Xiaoche sent a text message to Jiang Yingying and asked her to wait in the hotel for a while. In the meantime, she can go to a health spa or something... Of course, the cost is completely It is settled by Jiang Xiaoche.

Jiang Yingying is a smart girl.

The cost of this hotel is extremely high. With her pocket money, she can't afford it.

The main reason was that she was worried that Jiang Xiaoche would let her go. So Jiang Yingying waited carefully in the hotel restaurant from beginning to end.

Just when she thought she was really let go by Jiang Xiaoche.

From a distance, a tall young man with a straight nose and a pair of retro glasses walked towards her. Then he pulled out the chair in front of her and sat down: "I'm sorry. I'm late. I have a temporary assignment."

When I first saw Jiang Xiaoche. Jiang Yingying, my impression was that the "Ah Che" in front of me seemed to be similar to the image in his mind.

Not as handsome as expected. But his appearance is attractive...

"It's okay..." Seeing Jiang Xiaoche arrive successfully, Jiang Yingying secretly breathed a sigh of relief.

Finally, she no longer has to worry about her wallet.

"You didn't go to a spa?"

"Um...no..." Jiang Yingying blushed.

She felt that if Jiang Xiaoche knew that she did not go because she was afraid of being let go, she would probably be laughed at.

"Hahaha. It's okay. Girls should be careful when going out."

Jiang Xiaoche smiled and smoothed things over. Then he took the tablet from the table and started ordering: "Are there any taboos?"

"It's spicy. It's not very tasty..." Jiang Yingying said.

"That's right. I don't like spicy food either." Jiang Xiaoche nodded. Then he started ordering at the speed of light.

He is familiar with the hotel's menu.

Originally, the hotel's built-in restaurant in this world store had closed for business. However, the chef in the back kitchen never got off work.

Because this hotel is opened by Jiang Xiaoche himself.

"Ah, Brother Che, did you encounter another case just now?" Jiang Yingying asked curiously during the ordering process.

Jiang Xiaoche told her before that his profession is a detective.

Jiang Xiaoche often does this, lying to girls, and the best thing is that he almost never makes a mistake. He can remember the identities and stories he makes up at will, as well as the girls whose identities and backgrounds correspond to them. Clearly.

"Well. It is indeed a very difficult case. A rich woman embezzled 15 billion in public funds in order to protect a pretty boy."

So, he answered almost instantly. Naturally, people thought that he was a real detective.

"15 billion..." Jiang Yingying was surprised.

Although she is the granddaughter of ten generals, Marshal Jiang has always been honest. Such a huge number. Jiang Yingying is also unheard of.

"Not only that. She also plans to spend more than one billion to insure the gifts given to the pretty boy." Jiang Xiaoche said.

"What gift? Diamond ring? Gemstone?" Jiang Yingying asked.

"A toffee." Jiang Xiaoche said.

"Is it necessary...This is such a waste of money!"

Jiang Yingying despises this heinous capitalist behavior.

"That's right! I think it's a waste too!" Jiang Xiaoche also said.

He looked at Jiang Yingying and said with a smile: "So next, should we discuss pretending to be a couple on the weekend?"

"Okay..." I don't know why. Jiang Yingying suddenly felt that her heartbeat was speeding up.

Maybe it's because of the current atmosphere. Or maybe it's because the Jiang Xiaoche in front of him is gentler than he imagined...

"This is the detailed list I made of pretending to be a couple. You can choose the acceptable options. In addition, all the expenses involved are all paid for by me." Jiang Xiaoche pushed up the glasses on the bridge of his nose. He took out the prepared list from the inner pocket of his chest and handed it to Jiang Yingying.

List Title: Pretend Couple Agreement Checklist

1:holding hands

2: Upgraded version of holding hands (ten fingers clasped together)

3:hug

4: Upgraded version of hug (doggy style)

...

When Jiang Yingying saw the fourth item, she felt bad: "What is doggy style..."

"I just hug you from behind. Doesn't it look more like a couple? It makes you appear more intimate." Jiang Xiaoche explained.

then...

5: Go shopping and buy clothes together

6: Upgraded version of buying clothes (go to the fitting room together)

7: Eat together

8: Upgraded version of eating together (feeding each other in front of everyone)

9: kiss

10: Upgraded version of kiss (French drum washing machine style deep kiss)

Jiang Yingying: "..."

...

On Friday, December 11th, when Wang Ling went to school again in the morning, I found that the old man's pancake stall at the door had turned into a large flagship store.

There are even employees who are here to help...

Although Jiugong Liangzi is a troublesome person, he is essentially a tsundere.

But judging from this incident, she does what she says. In fact, she is not a bad person.

And the most important thing is. This girl also likes to eat crispy noodles...

Wang Ling feels that the strategy to deal with Jiugong Liangzi does not necessarily have to be to physically clear the memory as before. If it can be converted into friendly forces, it seems good.

This is the first day of the opening of the flagship pancake store. Basically, the people who come to buy pancakes are regular customers. Many alumni of Number 60 High School are surprised by the changes in just one night.

The happiest person is naturally the old man of the pancake stall: "Hey! Classmate Wang Ling! Come on! Today's pancakes are all my treat!"

After Wang Ling walked over, the old man pulled him aside and said in a low voice: "This time, I really want to thank classmate Wang Ling! The school said you are the mascot. It is true." You came to buy pancakes yesterday. You instantly helped me attract angel investment!"

Wang Ling: "..." This is actually none of his business!

Old man: "If you want to come over for pancakes in the future, just tell me. I can still afford one pancake. I'll treat you to it for free!"

"Thanks..."

"Don't thank me. Whom are we to each other?" The Old Man gently touched Wang Ling with his elbow. Then he said something to Wang Ling: "Also Wang Ling. I have one more thing to tell you."

Wang Ling: "?"

"Actually, what I want to say is that classmate Jiugong. Although classmate Jiugong helped me open the store, he seems to have a strange request..."

The old man said: "She asked me to help. Record those boys with dead fish eyes."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 1454 Sun RongVSJiang Yingying


Wang Ling discovered for the first time that his dead fish eyes were so valuable.

When she was born, Mother Wang, who was passionate about double eyelids, even disliked it... If it weren't for the fact that the plastic surgeon's knife couldn't cut Wang Ling's eyelids. Wang Ling would have been abandoned by Mother Wang long ago. I was forced to cut my eyelids into double eyelids.

But as she grew older, Mother Wang's obsession with double eyelids gradually dissipated.

After all, he is his own son.

Since he is his own son, he will naturally like him more and more, and he will become more and more pleasing to his eyes.

And now.

Jiugong Liangzi and Sun Rong. Actually made such a big fuss just because of his eyes...

Excluding Sun Rong's 15 billion. Jiugong alone has already spent a lot of money.

He spent a huge sum of money to invest in Shou Chong. He also helped the old man build a flagship pancake store for surveillance.

I even thought of asking Mr. Chen to monitor me directly at the school gate. This operation is enough.

I'm afraid there will be various operations in various aspects after that...

Fortunately. Wang Ling has always had a good relationship with the old man.

Naturally, Uncle Chen will not betray Wang Ling easily.

There is a connection here.

Because it is said that Uncle Chen's grandson also had dead eyes. But he died young because he was seriously ill a few years ago.

So every time Uncle Chen sees Wang Ling, he feels like he is seeing his own grandson.

After half a semester of getting to know each other, the relationship between them naturally became closer.

"Wang Ling. Do you think this girl is attracted to you..." At this time, Uncle Chen suddenly said.

Wang Ling feels that the uncle's idea is very dangerous.

It's time to take advantage of your apprentice!

As his chief tool... no. To be precise, he is his chief disciple.

The purpose of Zhuo Yi is to block arrows at this time.

Jiugong's purpose is different from Jiang Yingying's.

The main reason is to be able to find him for face-to-face questioning. In order to expose the fact that Zhuo Yi took the blame for himself.

But in this matter. Wang Ling will never let Jiugong Liangzi succeed like that.

...

General Administration Office. After Zhuo Yi received the text message from Wang Ling, the expression on his face was unusually calm.

After meeting Jiugong Liangzi in the principal's office yesterday, Zhuo Yi knew that this young lady would definitely make a bigger fuss next.

As for the menacing Jiugong Liangzi. Zhuo Yi naturally had a plan in advance.

In the office. Lord Diulei is sitting aside.

This time. It was him who came to Zhuo Yi's office to discuss the situation.

After all, Zhuo Yi still has his own job...

A general administration of hundreds of schools. I go to the Office of Strategic Deception every day. It seems a little too unprofessional.

The election for the leader of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Schools will be held soon. The more important it is at this juncture, the more Zhuo Yi must pay more attention.

All the people in the Office of Strategic Deception are brothers. It doesn't really matter who comes to whose door.

And Lord Diulei is actually a very casual person.

As a qualified combat power measurement unit, although he is the leader of a sect, he never has the slightest arrogance.

He still regards everyone as his equal brother and friend.

Sometimes, people will change after being in a high position.

But Diulei didn't.

This is one of the reasons why Wang Ling was willing to date and become friends with him in the first place.

"Brother Zhuo, the situation has basically been investigated clearly."

On the armchair made of mahogany, Lord Diulei said: "According to the undercover reply sent to the Jiugong family by the Office of Strategic Deception. This time the Jiugong family targeted you like this. It was actually for revenge and avenge. Back then, the Jiugong family relied on advanced demon-killing and exorcism techniques. Magic Technology. In fact, it has long been able to detect the fluctuations of the gate to another world from a long distance."

"In other words, have they actually been targeting Gouzi for a long time?" Zhuo Yi asked while touching his chin.

"Brother Zhuo is right." Lord Diulei nodded.

On the ground. Er Ha, who was lying on the ground silently, sighed.

It was so difficult back then...it was like there was a wolf in front of me and a tiger behind me.

Because of the invitation from Zhuo Yi. It rushed to Zhuo Yi after Wang Ling went out to school.

"So. Now what are your plans."

After taking some time to understand the whole story, Er Ha looked at Zhuo Yi and said, "Are you going to ask me to confront that girl?"

"Actually, I've thought about this before... But there's a saying. It's okay to accuse her. Even if you confront her, as long as that girl does a little research on you, the relationship between me and the Office of Strategic Deception. I soon found out that we are in the same group. I may not believe it." Zhuo Yi said.

"Yes." Er Ha nodded.

It had previously heard about Zhuo Yi's first encounter with Jiugong Liangzi.

As far as the description goes, this young lady is indeed not someone who is easily fooled.

"This matter must not be exposed. For this reason, Master and Mistress are very distressed." Zhuo Yi smiled bitterly: "So this time, I need Zhenjun and Brother Gouzi to help me."

"What specific requirements are there?" Lord Diulei asked.

"Recreate the scene from that time."

Zhuo Yi raised his eyes and looked at the two of them seriously.

"Recreating the scene of that year is not difficult. The problem is..." Lord Diulei said.

Currently, the large-scale film and television base of Office of Strategic Deception is about to be built. In order to promote the sect, Lord Diulei plans to find the core members of the sect to make a big movie with the theme of Office of Strategic Deception.

But now, the film and television base can be put into use immediately.

And unlike those special photography films, all scenes can be perfectly restored at 1:1.

When Er Ha was awarded the reward, an area was reduced to ruins. Many buildings were blown up.

These scenes can be directly realized by modern cultivators using spells and magic weapons without the need for post-production special effects.

Since we want to capture reality.

Of course I want to blow up the real thing!

As for the door to another world, that is even more convenient.

Because he is the creator of the Gate to Another World. He is also one of the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception. He is from Zhenyuan Immortal.

None of this is a problem.

But the key is...

"I know what Zhenjun wants to say."

At this time, Zhuo Yi said: "Currently, the demon world and the earth are relatively friendly. Although it was all staged for that girl to see, it would really be bad if this matter leaked out."

Zhuo Yi has thought of this a long time ago.

Essentially. This is an act of deceiving Jiugong Liangzi.

But this matter must be kept highly confidential.

If it is accidentally leaked and allowed to be maliciously speculated and publicized by some media with ulterior motives, it is very likely that the relationship between the two circles will deteriorate again.

"I understand the truth. You called me here. You don't want me to be an actor..." Er Ha raised his head and stared at Zhuo Yi. He felt that he had already smelled something.

"Dogs are man's best friend. How could I abuse a dog?" Zhuo Yi spread his hands and said.

Er Ha: "..."

Zhuo Yi: "My idea is, do you have any bigger relatives in your family? Just let them help with the acting."

"I have to ask..." Er Ha said.

To it.

Finding actors. It's actually not difficult.

Especially since this matter still involves the commander, it will be even easier.

If those toads in the clan knew that they were working for Wang Ling.

I'm afraid I'll do it even if my head is broken...

...

On the other side, it was morning self-study time. Teacher Pan took Jiang Yingying into the classroom.

Wang Ling couldn't help but shed cold sweat on his face. He had a very bad premonition.

Teacher Pan faced the whole class and introduced Jiang Yingying to everyone: "Dear classmates, Jiang Yingying is a new transfer student! And he is also a top student! I hope you and your classmates will learn more!"

As for Jiang Yingying's coming to school, Chen Chao and Guo Hao had found out everything about her in the cafeteria on Wednesday.

Then, the news about Jiang Yingying spread in the class.

But Guo Hao and others did not expect that Jiang Yingying would enter their class.

"I'm new here. Classmate Jiang, tell me where you want to sit. You can tell the teacher directly." Teacher Pan smiled.

The girl in front of him is both a top student and the granddaughter of Marshal Jiang, one of the ten generals. The privilege of choosing a seat is naturally within Teacher Pan's ability.

"Teacher, can I sit in the last row by the window?" Jiang Yingying smiled.

"You want to sit behind classmate Wang Ling?"

Teacher Pan was a little surprised by this choice. She reminded her in a low voice: "Don't blame the teacher for not reminding you. Classmate Wang Ling is just a boring gourd... You sit behind him. The teacher is worried that you will become a self-conscious person." Shut up the children."

"No teacher."

Jiang Yingying said: "I'm tall. I'm afraid of blocking my classmates' sight when sitting in the front, so it's better to sit in the back."

"Okay, classmate Jiang. But the last seat. The teacher needs to check if it can be seated." Teacher Pan said.

"Do you still need to check this?" Jiang Yingying was shocked.

"It's like this Ms. Jiang, after the renovation of the school, all the desks and chairs are made of the finest immortal wood. And on each set of desks and chairs there is a 6-digit number. If you take a seat, this desk and chair will be bound to you, and the number on it will be your student number for the next few years"

Jiang Yingying: "Could it be that the numbering is particular?"

"That's right." Teacher Pan nodded: "These numbers are based on the order in which each set of desks and chairs are produced. They are compiled in order."

Jiang Yingying: "..."

As Teacher Pan explained, he began to use his class teacher authority to view the information about this set of desks and chairs on his tablet.

Immediately, she sighed: "I'm sorry, classmate Jiang. I'm afraid you have to choose another seat."

"Why...why..." Jiang Yingying was puzzled.

"That's it. According to the production sequence, the number of the set of desks and chairs you chose is 006666. This is a beautiful number. You need to spend extra money to purchase it."

"..."

Jiang Yingying was shocked!

She came to school. She chose a seat. She actually had a pretty name...

What kind of little genius came up with this idea?

At this moment, Sun Rong in the crowd inadvertently showed a smile.

The girl raised her lips slightly. The expression on her face was full of determination.

Everything is under her control...

...





Chapter 1455 Desperate Jiang Yingying


After Number 60 High School was renovated, Sun Rong expected that transfer students would join.

So the matter of "pretty account setting" is not just for Jiang Yingying. It is a foreshadowing for the girl to prevent other people...especially other girls from getting close to Wang Ling.

Wang Ling has always been the seat in the second to last row by the window.

There is a corridor to the right. Sitting there is Guo Hao. Sitting in front is Chen Chao.

Then, all that's left is to guard against the seat behind you.

It's just that Sun Rong didn't expect that the plan he had devised with his imagination would actually come in handy now.

On the podium, Jiang Yingying looked a little anxious: "Teacher... just pay for it and that's it!"

Teacher Pan was a little surprised by this answer: "Classmate Jiang means... Want to buy?"

Premium seats are not cheap...

She knew that Jiang Yingying was in front of her. She had always been a frugal girl. She had always implemented Marshal Jiang's style of living in poverty and enjoying morality...

Buying a pretty account is really not something Jiang Yingying can do.

"I will buy it no matter how much it costs!"

"My classmate loves you..."

As a class teacher.

Teacher Pan has been teaching for so many years. She has seen so many students of all kinds. She can hardly hide what kind of things the students have in their stomachs.

After seeing Jiang Yingying being so obsessed with the last seat by the window, Teacher Pan understood almost instantly.

She turned her gaze to the second-to-last row by the window. The mascot was pretending to look out the window to try to hide her embarrassment.

"Could it be because I admire my classmate Wang Ling? I just came to school. Isn't that..."

Teacher Pan was murmuring in his heart.

To be honest, she didn't know why. Wang Ling was so popular with women... She usually had a taciturn look, but she seemed to be particularly popular with girls.

Could it be because of the sense of mystery that comes from being so taciturn?

Teacher Pan really doesn't understand the aesthetics of young people nowadays.

However, she did not dare to speculate on the matter between Jiang Yingying and Wang Ling.

Although the school rules of Number 60 High School do not restrict romance between students, as a traditional and conservative teacher, Teacher Pan will try to eliminate puppy love in the class as much as possible.

As long as she finds out any signs, she will immediately strangle her to death in the cradle...

Jiang Yingying was actually originally assigned to another class. However, because his personal performance was too good. In addition, Jiang Yingying himself also had the intention to transfer to Class 3.

Finally, I joined the class of Wang Ling.

I picked up such a top student who can improve my grades for nothing. What if my grades decline due to puppy love? How should I fix it...

So at this moment, Teacher Pan glanced at the good quotes displayed on his tablet.

The price of this set of beautiful desks and chairs is: 50,000.

To be honest, this is not a price that an ordinary student can afford.

After Teacher Pan thought for a moment, he looked at Jiang Yingying seriously and asked, "Classmate Jiang, are you really sure you want to buy it..."

"Sure!" The persistent girl still refused to give up this opportunity.

Although she has never been so lavish with money, she always has some personal savings. During the holidays, there is an endless stream of elders who come to visit Marshal Jiang. They always give her red envelopes with meaning.

But I am afraid that if the red envelope is too big, I will get into trouble. So the amount of these red envelopes is not very big.

The accumulation of hundreds and hundreds...

Jiang Yingying currently has about 90,000 yuan in savings.

If she buys a place, she thinks it's more than enough.

"So. The cost of 500,000 yuan for a good account. Please tell me, classmate, should Jiang pay by credit card or..." Teacher Pan smiled and looked at Jiang Yingying in front of him.

"500,000..." Jiang Yingying was dumbfounded.

Everyone in the class was in an uproar.

This is true even for Sun Rong.

To add an extra zero directly to the end of the total... This is outrageous!

But soon, the smart girl reacted quickly.

I'm afraid Teacher Pan is trying to put an end to puppy love.

And. Sun Rong is clear.

If someone knew about this at this time, they would definitely come out and question her: What happened to you and Wang Ling?

To this. Sun Rong has already prepared a reply.

Classmate Wang Ling. Just like a piece of wood!

So can she call this puppy love...

It's obviously a secret love and unrequited love!

Loving someone is really hard!

...

At this time on the podium, Teacher Pan thought that Jiang Yingying should have given up after he falsely reported the price.

But what she never expected was that this girl's temper seemed to be more stubborn than she imagined: "Teacher...can you wait for me! I can buy it! But I have to raise some money..."

500,000 is really a huge amount of money for Jiang Yingying. It is simply unrealistic to raise it in a short time.

So she thought of borrowing it.

Who can I ask to borrow it from?

Jiang Xiaoche. In fact, it is a ready-made object.

Jiang Yingying felt that she must be crazy...

He actually went to ask someone he had just met once to borrow money.

Teacher Pan grabbed Jiang Yingying and said, "Classmate Jiang, please think again... I don't think you need to pursue the prestige seats because it's not cost-effective at all. I know the reason why you insist on sitting in that seat. I'm afraid. It's because classmate Wang Ling is a mascot!"

Jiang Yingying: "..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ling knows. Teacher Pan must have said that on purpose.

This is for Jiang Yingying.

However, at this time, the girl on the podium was in a state of confusion and could not listen at all.

Her mind was filled with the classic sayings of a product-carrying anchor on a certain website, "Buy it! Buy it!"

Obviously, Jiang Yingying could no longer calm down at this time: "Teacher, I...I still want to..."

"Okay then. Classmate Jiang. Since you want to buy it, I won't stop you."

Teacher Pan let go of Jiang Yingying's hand: "But before you buy the fancy seats, I have to read out some precautions..."

This section is not a temporary scene added by Teacher Pan. It is already there.

She is playing hard to get.

Anyway, Jiang Yingying can't listen now. Why don't you read her the rules of the good seats carefully. Maybe she will calm down?

"Anything else to note?" Jiang Yingying looked confused.

"some."

Teacher Pan nodded and said: "1: After paying the fee, you will automatically get the right to use the premium seats for one year..."

"It's not permanent?" Jiang Yingying was shocked.

Teacher Pan did not answer Jiang Yingying's words. Instead, he directly read the second item: "Two: If you want to obtain permanent use rights, you need to apply for a membership card with a good number first."

"..."

"The membership card fee is 10,000 per year. If automatic renewal is enabled, the annual fee is 9,500. Note: If three years of membership fees are paid before graduation, this set of beautiful chairs can be delivered to your home by the school after graduation. Enjoy it forever. Use it. Or put it in the school history exhibition hall by the owner of the chair. And write your name on the back of the chair."

"..."

"Three: If you have a good seat and a membership at the same time, the following additional privileges will be unlocked. 1. Daily morning call service for the class teacher. 2. Advance notification service before contacting parents. 3. Additional free homework tutoring service. 4. If on campus been subjected to school violence. You can always get a copy of the Continuous P.E. teacher's home.."

"..."

"Remarks: Gold membership card and diamond membership card privilege services will be launched in the future. Please stay tuned."

"..."

"Four: Users who purchase premium seats for the first time will receive 1 ton of {immortal secret scrolls} for free..."

Teacher Pan has just read the fourth item. Jiang Yingying's face is full of despair: "Teacher...I don't buy it..."

"OK."

Teacher Pan showed a satisfied smile: "Then, you can sit here by the door, behind classmate Gu Shunzhi."

"Can't it be done behind classmate Guo Hao..."

"That one is also a pretty one."

"..."





Chapter 1456 The number of strange Shura fields increases


Obviously. Jiang Yingying was clearly arranged.

At the same time, she also realized the horror of Sun Rong...

But Jiang Yingying is never a person who gives up easily.

She didn't give up.

If you can't get a seat behind Wang Ling, then there is only one last option left.

After class, Jiang Yingying took Guo Hao aside alone: "Classmate Jiang, what do you mean...change seats?"

"Young man! Don't be so outgoing. Just call me Yingying." Jiang Yingying patted Guo Hao on the shoulder and looked at Guo Hao expectantly.

During the first class, Jiang Yingying was planning this episode.

No boy would refuse a cute girl's request, right?

However, to Jiang Yingying's surprise, Guo Hao rejected her without even thinking: "Then you are wrong Yingying. As one of Wang Ling's best buddies, I won't Give up your seat easily."

Nonsense. Of course he can't give up his seat.

Boss Sun over there just gave them so many {publicly selected links} accounts that are number one in the server... How could they betray Boss Sun like that!

Moreover, Boss Sun has actually already arranged this with them before the start of school.

As long as he and Chen Chao don't give up their seats.

Sponsor an additional 10,000 yuan in game funds every month...

But for Guo Hao and Chen Chao, this is already a lot.

Such benefits should not be wasted.

10,000 yuan is nothing to Sun Rong. It is just a fraction. But considering that excessive consumption in the game will make people mentally depressed, so the girl did not give more. It was just a token of appreciation.

He also made an agreement with the two of them that if one day the results are at the bottom, the financial sponsorship will be cancelled.

Neither Guo Hao nor Chen Chao understood the girl's behavior very well before.

Now. He has completely understood...

When school was over that day, Chen Chao and Guo Hao walked together.

Guo Hao talked about Jiang Yingying. Chen Chao's reaction was also very strong.

"Sure enough. Did she come to you? She came to me too. Everything was as expected by Boss Sun..." Chen Chao wiped his sweat. He was immediately glad that he was not on good terms with Sun Rong. Otherwise, it would be a bit overwhelming.

As for a girlfriend, it's better to find someone silly...

"Boss Sun has a long-term vision. He is really powerful." Guo Hao nodded: "Tomorrow is Saturday. We have made an appointment to go to the ancient street. Then we will have to find an opportunity to escape. I remember there is a An inn-style Internet cafe is very nice."

"I understand."

Chen Chao nodded his head. Then he rubbed his chin: "Hey. This time in the transfer students. There are quite a few beauties at the school's flower girl level... Jiang Yingying. There's also a foreign girl called Jiugong Liangzi.. I think she's also here for Wang Ling. Why do I think she's here for Wang Ling?"

emmm...

They have been feeling that something is wrong with the atmosphere in the school recently.

It seems to be true. The main reason for the strange atmosphere is the increase in the number of strange Shura fields!

Speaking of this, the two old bachelors couldn't help but sigh in their hearts - a bunch of flowers, stuck on the wood!

At this time, Guo Hao looked at Chen Chao: "By the way, have you ever been in love?"

Chen Chao: "Just once. The girl even kissed me."

"?"

Guo Hao: "When did it happen? Junior high school?"

Chen Chao: "Kindergarten class."

Guo Hao was shocked: "How the hell does this count!?"

Chen Chao: "Actually, there will be a few more after that. They are in elementary school and junior high school. I don't know if they are in love. What about you?"

"Womb solo."

Guo Hao spread his hands and said with a smile: "Same as the author of Immortal King."

...

After Wang Ling returned home in the evening, I just realized that tomorrow was the day we agreed to go to the ancient street.

Today he was stared at by Jiang Yingying's scorching eyes, which made his balls ache. Fortunately, there were many of him in the classroom.

Gu Shunzhi and Zhenyuan are secretly helping him avoid Jiang Yingying's sight.

As for Sun Rong, because of the good seats, it naturally helped him a lot.

I helped you. Naturally I have to return the favor.

This is the etiquette of the Wang family.

The gift, of course, is the lighted White Rabbit toffee.

Because Wang Ling saw that the white rabbit toffee that was previously placed in Sun Rong's pencil case was gone.

There is no need to deliberately deduce it. Wang Ling also knows that the girl must not have eaten it... maybe she has kept it.

He didn't quite understand what the girl meant by doing this.

This is just a piece of candy.

So this time. Wang Ling stuffed two.

He didn't believe that Sun Rong could behave like a hamster. He put away all the candies.

"Xiu Zhen Cultivation Street..."

Before dinner. Wang Ling deliberately searched the Internet for information.

This ancient street is also the first time for Wang Ling to go. It is also necessary to do a little homework in advance.

This way you can avoid going into some minefields.

But there are many people traveling together tomorrow. There are also three people: Li Youyue, Guo Hao, and Chen Chao.

These three people are all chatty veteran drivers.

The atmosphere shouldn't be too awkward.

"Ling Ling. I heard that you made an appointment with your classmates to go to Xiu Zhen Cultivation Street tomorrow?" At this time, Father Wang on the sofa put down the newspaper and glanced at Wang Ling.

"Yeah."Wang Ling nodded.

He didn't know where Father Wang got the news... In fact, he was a little curious.

After what happened last time when he and Sun Rong went to the Xiao family compound, he became wary of Father Wang and Mother Wang's reaction when they saw him going out with a girl.

Parents of other families avoid puppy love. Only these two live treasures don't care at all.

Because it is said that when Father Wang and Mother Wang were young, they were also famous members of the puppy love party...

Then. Father Wang continued to ask: "How many girls are there? Is there any Sun Rong girl?"

really!

I asked anyway.

He just knew...

"Forget it. I know even if you don't tell me." Father Wang chuckled: "I just want to tell you. If you can't come back in time in the evening, you don't have to come back."

Wang Ling: "?"

He can teleport!

If he wants to leave... who can stop him...

"There is obviously a girl in front of you. If you still think about using your power to force your way back. This is a very impolite behavior of a straight man. You will be criticized."

After saying this, the corners of Wang Ling's mouth twitched.

Father Wang does not have the ability to read minds. But in this emotional aspect, he is like an expert in mind reading.

What is Wang Ling thinking about?

He seemed to know everything clearly.

Father Wang laughed: "When we leave, boys should take the initiative. Send all the girls home safely and then come back. This is the right thing to do."

"Okay..."Wang Ling nodded.

There is nothing we can do.

He is a good boy.

I'm used to being obedient. My father's fate is difficult.

Of course, he was mainly worried that Father Wang would deduct his pocket money for another reason.

"Oh, by the way, Ling Ling. There is one more thing I want to tell you."

At this time, Father Wang added: "The owners of the Hanfu shops on Xiu Zhen Cultivation Street are all my fans. I have already said hello to them."

Hanfu?...

Wang Ling thought for a moment.

He didn't know if it would be weird if I wore Hanfu.

"Since you are going to play with your classmates, you need to integrate into the group. The Hanfu over there is very good. You can try it." Father Wang said: "You don't have to say hello. When you get to the store, the bosses will naturally recognize you."

Wang Ling: "?"

Father Wang: "After all, there are very few people with fish-like eyes like yours."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 1457 I understand


The tour plan for Xiu Zhen Cultivation Street was originally scheduled for two days. We would go together on Saturday and Sunday, so we would have relatively plenty of time.

Because there are many things to do in the ancient street, one day is actually not enough. Anyway, the hotels in the ancient street are also properties of the Huaguo Shuilian Group. Check-in is free.

It's okay for one person to have a presidential suite.

But the girl considered that after all, she had made an appointment with Wang Ling before. She didn't say whether it was for one day or two days.

If you just make the decision like that...it might be a bit...not good.

So, although she made a two-day plan, she actually focused on the key activities on the first day.

A room named: [Gujie Action Assist Team] chat group.

Several people are having a group video call.

"So, that's the basic situation. Do you have any other questions? If there's anything you don't understand, you can ask." Sun Rong looked at Li Youyue, Guo Hao, and Chen Chao.

"Yes!" Guo Hao raised his hand.

"Say." Sun Rong looked at her.

"The boss has obviously made a plan for two days. So do you want us to perform it then and force you to stay in the ancient street for one night so that you and Wang Ling can stay in the hotel together?"

"No way I'm thinking that way..."

The girl argued. Then she quickly slapped her hot face: "This is too deliberate! And...classmate Wang Ling he..."

The words were on the tip of his tongue. Sun Rong was unable to speak in the end.

She wanted to say that Wang Ling could read minds. With your poor acting skills, how could you hide it from Wang Ling's eyes?

But this matter is actually strictly confidential.

In their chat group, they are the only ones who know the truth.

At this moment, the girl who realized that she had almost spilled the beans felt extremely regretful.

It seems that she will have to be more careful in the future. She cannot get into trouble just because she heard some embarrassing words. Follow the words.

At this time, seeing the girl on the screen blushing and falling into silence, Guo Hao was confused: "Wang Ling? What's wrong with Wang Ling?"

Chen Chao: "You don't want to say that. Wang Ling can tell that we are acting, right?"

Sun Rong: "..."

Chen Chao: "I don't think you need to worry about your acting skills, Boss Sun. Uncle Guo's family has a movie studio. I've been there before. During the summer vacation. Guo and I used to go there to act from time to time. Our acting skills have long been honed."

Sun Rong: "No...it's too risky..."

"So as long as you can't tell it's fake, that's all. Then I understand." Guo Hao chuckled, showing a mysterious expression.

"You understand again..."

"Yes! I understand! Also, does Boss Sun have any designated hotels?"

"I told you I didn't book a hotel. My classmate Wang Ling probably won't want to stay there for one more day!"

"You don't need a hotel? That's not open-air. Boss, is it so exciting for the first time? I understand..."

"No! You don't understand!"

"No. Boss. I understand. Everyone understands."

"..."

...

On the other side, Jiang Yingying came to the hotel where he went before.

This time Jiang Xiaoche arrived early in the morning. She ordered a table of various dishes and was waiting for her.

She didn't have time to go back home. She came over right after class in her school uniform. When Jiang Xiaoche saw Jiang Yingying, she smiled slightly and said in an unusually gentle voice: "You must be hungry. Eat quickly."

"Thank you, Brother Ah Che..." Jiang Yingying nodded slightly. Then he took off his school uniform and hung it aside.

Underneath the girl is a pure white short-sleeved shirt. The short-sleeved shirt has a 60 High School logo on the chest. However, this logo looks slightly deformed under the influence of internal forces...

From the beginning, Jiang Xiaoche noticed that Jiang Yingying was somewhat similar to Sun Rong. But now that he saw the girl's figure, he immediately noticed the difference between the two.

This is developing so well...

If the development of Sun Rong is like a newly made jungle knife, then Jiang Yingying. seems to be a three-piece set.

Although there is still a certain gap between the Liushen costume, but at this age, it has reached a very excellent level.

But Jiang Xiaoche didn't dare to look more. He just took a sneak peek. He was afraid that his eyes would be noticed by the girl, which would leave a vulgar impression.

Jiang Yingying took a bite of lettuce and chewed it a few times. The expression on his face didn't seem very happy.

"What's wrong? It's your first day of school. Did something unhappy happen to you?" Jiang Xiaoche looked at Jiang Yingying.

"I feel like they are all bullying me..." Jiang Yingying's eyes filled with tears as she recounted all the things about the privileged seats.

"Stop crying."

Jiang Xiaoche took out the handkerchief from his pocket and handed it over.

The girl took it, wiping her nose and tears: "Ah, brother, is there anything you can do? Let me sit next to classmate Wang Ling..."

"It's a bit difficult... mainly because I'm not familiar with this school." Jiang Xiaoche was filled with shame.

He knew just from Jiang Yingying's description that this was the operation of the eldest lady in their family...

The eldest lady is in charge. How dare he intervene?

"Is that possible..." Jiang Yingying looked at Jiang Xiaoche expectantly.

"I know what you mean. You mean, you want me to lend you money, right?"

Jiang Xiaoche smiled and said: "Yes. But the condition is that you have to be my real girlfriend."

"ah..."

Jiang Yingying didn't expect Jiang Xiaoche to say that. Her face immediately turned hot: "Then forget it..."

"..." Jiang Xiaoche wanted to cry but had no tears.

He really has no charm at all?

Jiang Xiaoche thought for a while and decided to find another way: "Or. Let's make a bet. For example, if you like that Wang Ling. You can first confirm whether he likes you too."

"How...how do I confirm this?"

"That's your business. I can help you buy a seat. The deadline is the last final exam of your senior year of high school. If you can impress Wang Ling, I will bless you. But if you can't move him. You You have to be my wife. This is a bet."

He looked at Jiang Yingying and felt that the conditions he proposed were quite generous.

However, even with such a condition, the girl still refused: "No...absolutely not...becoming a wife or something like that is too outrageous. And even if I agree, my grandfather may not agree..."

"I can communicate with your grandfather."

"Impossible. If my grandfather knew that I spend my energy on boys, he would be angry."

"He's going to hit you?"

"No...Grandpa has always been very good to me. He is just a stubborn person. Moreover, Grandpa has always been thrifty. Bribery and the like are of no use to him."

"So who is your grandfather?" Jiang Xiaoche frowned.

In fact, he never had time to investigate Jiang Yingying's family relationship.

"He is Martial Saint." At this time, Jiang Yingying raised his head and said.

"Is this your grandfather's title? I also like Guan Erye from the Romance of the Three Kingdoms. This is the god of wealth and wealth."

Jiang Yingying shook her head hurriedly: "No, Brother Ah Che. My grandfather is the real Martial Saint..."

Jiang Xiaoche: "?"

Jiang Yingying: "Do you know. Marshal Jiang among the Ten Generals?"

Jiang Xiaoche: "..."





Chapter 1458 The strange Shura field expands


When he heard the words "Marshal Jiang", Jiang Xiaoche suddenly felt the hairs on his back stand up.

What is the identity of the Tenth General? It is impossible for him to not know.

The Huaguo Shuilian Group, represented by Mr. Boss Sun, has contacts with the top ten generals.

These are all founding fathers and veteran generals covered with honors. Naturally, the benefits they receive are also different.

Those elixirs that are helpful for spiritual practice, nourishing spiritual roots, consolidating realms and various health-preserving medicines will be produced by the group every month. They will be made into exclusive gift boxes and sent to the homes of each of the ten generals.

A few times. Birthdays of some of them.

Jiang Xiaoche remembered that he personally sent extra birthday gifts on behalf of Mr. Boss Sun.

Therefore, although Jiang Xiaoche has not been able to meet all the ten generals in person, several of them have actually met him due to work.

And what a coincidence...Jiang Xiaoche happened to know Marshal Jiang!

If this Martial Saint saw him seducing his granddaughter...Jiang Xiaoche felt that he would be given a direct warning and disabled on the spot.

"Brother Che's face doesn't look very good?" Jiang Yingying saw Jiang Xiaoche's expression suddenly changed dramatically. Suddenly she realized that she had just revealed her grandfather's true identity a little too rashly.

This probably scared Jiang Xiaoche.

But Jiang Yingying himself doesn't think this is too strange.

In terms of realm and combat power. The ten generals are like younger brothers to Wang Ling.

But in terms of reputation, in the minds of many local cultivators in Huaxiu Country, the old generals are all aloof figures like gods.

Everyone has a completely different bloody story about the bloody battles they fought on the battlefield, which is widely circulated among the people.

Although among the ten generals, some have retired.

But the majesty is still there.

"Actually, Brother Che doesn't need to be too scared. My grandfather just looks scary. In fact, he is quite approachable..." Jiang Yingying said.

"So you came out to see me at night these past few days. The old marshal didn't ask anything?"

"Of course I asked." Jiang Yingying said: "I said I came here to consolidate my studies. There is a teacher named Jiang who helps me attend classes on a voluntary basis."

A top student would go out late at night to consolidate his studies. This sounds outrageous.

However, the girl has always been well-behaved and obedient. Naturally, Marshal Jiang did not ask too deeply.

It can be said that these few days are the craziest days that Jiang Yingying has experienced in his life...

However, after hearing Jiang Yingying's words, Jiang Xiaoche felt that he was about to have a myocardial infarction: "You won't show my photo to the old marshal..."

This is what worries him most.

What if the girl in front of him is a heartless person? I'm afraid the old marshal will recognize his face at once.

When the time comes, if the gang is exposed, the old marshal will probably come directly to kill him...

At the level of the old marshal, he would kill himself. With his meager health, he would definitely not be able to withstand a punch.

Fortunately, the girl gave him a calm answer: "Of course not... I'm not that stupid. If I post the photos, according to my grandfather's habit, he might go to investigate directly. Then he will know, Brother Che In fact, he's not a teacher at all, but a detective."

"..."

While listening to what Jiang Yingying said, Jiang Xiaoche's forehead was also sweating.

Because this is really too dangerous...

Jiang Xiaoche felt that his contact with Jiang Yingying in the past few days was like walking back and forth on the verge of committing suicide.

Fortunately, he restrained himself. He didn't arrange a hotel room for Jiang Yingying to talk... but chose to have a conversation in a public area like a restaurant.

Otherwise, Marshal Jiang is very likely to directly check things like room opening records.

Even if he says he didn't do anything, the old marshal probably won't believe it...

"Today...that's all...the food on the table. You can eat it if you want..." After saying that, Jiang Xiaoche stood up. He never stopped wiping his sweat.

Compared to picking up girls, Jiang Xiaoche actually cherishes his life more.

He was really afraid of the majesty of the old marshal. He must have thought of cutting off the relationship with the girl.

"Is this over? What about going to the ancient street tomorrow to pretend to be a couple?" Jiang Yingying was a little surprised.

"Couple, there's no need... The agreement we agreed on before to pretend to be a couple is invalid. Just pretend everything never happened..." Jiang Xiaoche said.

He was secretly glad in his heart.

It's okay. So far... nothing has happened...

"Why? Because my grandfather is Marshal Jiang?"

"The reasons here are very complicated... Maybe you think it's okay, but for me, it's very dangerous. And I... forget it. I don't mind mentioning these." Jiang Xiaoche looked at the girl in front of him and shook his head gently. Shaking his head. He hesitated to speak.

He wanted to confess to the girl that he had deceived her. He was not a detective at all.

He only has himself to blame for this.

I was careless for a moment and failed to find out the details of the girl earlier.

He has deceived many people with his eloquent tongue. It is not an exaggeration to say that he is an old liar.

But now when he saw the disappointed look on Jiang Yingying's face, he actually had the idea of confessing in his heart.

if...

If there is a chance to meet next time.

Maybe he would tell the truth to the girl in front of him.

But now, since we have decided to cut off the relationship, we might as well not mention this matter...

"You were the first to bring this up! If you don't go, I will go myself!"

Seeing Jiang Xiaoche about to leave, Jiang Yingying's stubbornness came back: "You don't want to help me. There are many people who are willing to help me!"

Jiang Xiaoche smiled: "Who else can help you? Then I wish him good luck..."

Jiang Yingying stomped her feet angrily: "You coward! You are not worthy of classmate Sun Rong!"

"Whatever you say." Jiang Xiaoche shrugged, took his suit jacket off the hanger, and left the private room.

To be honest, at this time, his mind was in chaos and he felt very melancholy.

With the girl's stubborn temper, since she has decided to make a plan, I am afraid that there is really nothing to stop her from continuing to implement it...

Therefore, even if he doesn't go, Jiang Yingying may indeed find someone else to take his place.

But this plan was proposed by Jiang Xiaoche himself.

If something unexpected happened to Jiang Yingying, Jiang Xiaoche felt that he was definitely to blame.

Even though he had already told the girl about interrupting the plan.

But now, with his thoughts in confusion, he still couldn't help but worry about the girl's actions tomorrow...

...

At the same time, on the other side, in Jiugong's villa, Jiugong Liangzi also received a message.

"Sun Rong Are you going to Xiu Zhen Cultivation Street tomorrow?" Jiugong Liangzi held his chin in his hands, lost in thought.

"Yes, Miss. There are four other classmates." The female bodyguard said at the side.

"It should just be for fun. I have no interest in this young lady. Send someone to follow her and see what she is doing. Take more photos. If any ugly photos are taken, immediately, immediately. Send it to me!" Jiugong Liangzi said.

"Yes. Miss."

The female bodyguard wiped her sweat and replied.

Tracking is actually not difficult. It may be a little difficult to take ugly photos... After all, Miss Sun is a 360° beauty with no blind spots...

Although I had only glanced at it through the crack in the door of the student union office before, the female bodyguard was shocked and amazed.

At this time, the female bodyguard sighed silently in her heart. Then she began to reply to the second message she received: "In addition, there is another message. It seems that Zhuo Yi is also going."

"What is he going to do?" Jiugong Liangzi was curious.

"Well... I'm not sure..." the female bodyguard said, "So, are you going to go now? If so, I'll tell the driver to be on call tomorrow."

"No need."

Jiugong Liangzi shook his head. He snorted ╭(╯^╰)╮: "I, Jiugong Liangzi. How could I waste so much time on an old liar!"





{Valentine's Day Special} Extra 1: Sun Rong's special chocolate


Preface: The timeline of this chapter is before Wang Nuan decided to implement the big plan of Tao Lu Wang Ling (shortly after Ling Rong entered university).

Chapter 1: Sun Rong's special chocolate

The day before Valentine's Day. Sun Rong got up early.

I took my phone out from under the pillow and found that the time had just settled on six in the morning.

Gently pressing the call bell beside the bed, two young maids pushed the door open and entered. One of them was carrying a jade basin, and the other was carrying a tray. On the tray were various toiletries.

After the girl completed her washing work with a sense of ritual.

The expression on her face looked extremely serious.

He looked as if he was about to go to the battlefield.

"Are you all ready?"

While asking. Sun Rong changed into a white shirt and short skirt.

One of the maids came around behind her and tied the apron on the girl. She replied: "Yes. Miss... everything is prepared according to your instructions yesterday."

"Very good."Sun Rong nodded with satisfaction.

After all, this is the first time she's pretending to be brave. She wants to make chocolates for Wang Ling.

In order to complete this big plan, Sun Rong has been preparing for a full month.

The total can be divided into the following steps.

First: Use the power of the family group to collect high-quality raw materials for making chocolate from all over the country. Hire special personnel to manually screen these high-quality raw materials;

Second: Hire famous dessert masters who make chocolate from all over the world, and finally let these masters work freely to produce customized chocolate that matches the characteristics of their own country.

Third: Hire a master who is responsible for making crispy noodles. Customize special crispy noodles for chocolate filling. And make sure that the hardness of the crispy noodles is ensured when sandwiching the crispy noodles to ensure that crispy texture.

It's a bit like the process of making fried milk balls filled with ice cream.

However, the technical difficulty is actually not particularly high.

You only need to apply a hardening technique with "timing" ability on the prepared crispy noodles to temporarily increase the hardness of the crispy noodles.

As for. Why should the hardness of dry noodles be increased?

Naturally, this is to pave the way for the fourth step that is about to happen...

In the kitchen of the villa, there are sixteen dessert chefs standing in a row in the spacious kitchen.

In front of them lay a chocolate dessert that they had spent a whole night conjuring up ideas and making with ingenious techniques.

Among these masters, there are four masters in Huaxiu. They are all top-notch figures in the industry.

And other masters are also from different countries.

In order to ensure the cleanliness and hygiene of desserts.

Each of them wore thick protective clothing and kitchen gloves.

He is standing patiently in front of the dessert he made, waiting for the girl to review it.

Sun Rong Put on your gloves. Go into the back kitchen.

"I've met the eldest lady."

Sixteen dessert chefs greeted the girl warmly in fluent Mandarin.

Sun Rong came to the first master. This pastry master was proficient in carving skills. He actually carved the chocolate he made into a phoenix.

"Miss. This is me..."

The master was about to introduce his work, but was stopped by the maid next to him: "Master, please be patient. Miss, I will ask you questions if necessary."

"Okay!" The master laughed.

The maid used a knife to cut off one of the chocolate phoenix's claws. Then Sun Rong carefully held the part and took a small bite.

"It tastes good." After savoring it carefully, the girl nodded.

"Thank you for the compliment, Miss." The first master breathed a sigh of relief: "So, Miss, don't you have anything to ask?"

"Tasty is the most important thing." Sun Rong smiled. Then he faced everyone in the room and said, "Thank you for your hard work, masters. No matter how the dessert tastes, the fees will be settled to the masters normally! If the taste satisfies me, I will. On top of the original employment fee, a bonus of 20% will be added."

"Thank you, Miss!"

Sixteen pastry chefs bowed in unison.

The girl in front of them was indeed richer than they thought.

The cost of a trip here to make special chocolates is worth their entire year's salary!

The sponsor is here. Even if they stay up and work all night, they naturally won't care too much.

After nearly an hour of screening and repeated comparisons, Sun Rong began to fall into the final choice.

All the dessert chefs were called out, leaving only the girl and the two maids behind her.

"Which one did the young lady like?" the maid asked.

"The first and eighth courses are both good."

The taste of chocolate is very important. It is sweet but not greasy. Although the chocolate desserts made by other masters also have their own characteristics.

But there are only these two. There is an extremely smooth feeling after the entrance.

The rich chocolate flavor engulfs every taste bud.

The key is that it won't stick to your teeth.

"Hey. It's so hard to choose. Let's go with these two."

Finally. Sun Rong made a decision.

"So. Do you want to call these two masters in?" the maid asked.

"Need not."

Sun Rong shook his head: "You two. Put all these two works into my alchemy furnace."

Maid: "?"

Sun Rong: "What are you still doing? Go quickly!"

Maid: "Don't you plan to make chocolate yourself?"

Sun Rong: "Yes. I made it myself! I will personally supervise the work later. Melt the two chocolate desserts. Then pour the slurry into the crispy noodle-shaped mold to shape it. I always It has been prepared for a long time."

The maid was shocked: "..."

It turns out that I called so many masters here, not just to teach them how to make chocolate!

That's okay...

Anyway, what the lady said is right!

As a qualified maid, they can only follow instructions and arrangements.

In the afternoon.

Sun Rong takes out his own special chocolate from the template and seals it into a gift box with freezing function.

So far.

Nothing is too difficult.

The step of sending it out is perhaps the hardest part...

...

In the early morning of May 20th, Wang Ling woke up naturally from a deep sleep.

"Eternal Talisman" allows him to no longer have to worry about accidental snoring sometimes causing earthquakes.

However, Wang Ming said that the current "Eternal Talisman" is just a trial product. There will be several updates in the future.

The man promised that he would develop a perfect version once and for all before he graduates from college.

Open the curtains. Open the windows. Wang Ling Let the wind and sunlight drift in from the window.

The spring breeze blew through his hair, gently playing with his bangs...

He enjoyed this comfortable and leisurely moment very much.

These are the rights he never enjoyed before switching to "Eternal Talisman."

The sounds that bothered him disappeared. Only peace and quiet remained.

He does not need to be troubled by uncontrollable energy;

You don't need to pay special attention when eating. You are afraid of breaking your chopsticks;

Don't even worry. You might have fallen down on the road, which would bring a devastating blow to the life you love...

Wang Ling held his face with one hand. He supported his body with the other hand and leaned on the window sill.

After a few minutes, he opened his eyes from this enjoyment.

It's a rare vacation at home. It seems unusually quiet at home today.

Release spiritual consciousness. Wang Ling noticed that he seemed to be the only one at home.

Then...he suddenly remembered.

Today is Valentine's Day.

Father Wang and Mother Wang went out to live in a world of two!

As for Ah Nuan girl, she was temporarily entrusted to Mr. Wang's care.

"Valentine's Day..." Wang Ling's face still showed little emotion.

He recalled the bad experiences he had on Valentine's Day several times before. Almost every Valentine's Day was spent with Sun Rong with Li Youyue, Chen Chao and Guo Hao.

The key is that every time, something unexpected happens...

Now everyone has been admitted to the ideal university.

This year's Valentine's Day, maybe I can finally spend it in peace?

Wang Ling looked out the window at the wind and beautiful scenery. I thought in my heart.

Before switching to Eternal Talisman.

Spending the holidays alone is indeed a luxurious expectation for Wang Ling.

But now I don't know why. Wang Ling feels that his expectations are not as strong as before.

He even felt like he was missing something...

"Wang Ling! Good morning!"

At this time, just as he was in a trance, a girl's voice came from the window. An extremely familiar voice.

...

Note: There are two chapters in the Valentine's Day special. The second chapter will be released at 15:00 today through the WeChat public account (Kuxuanjun).





Chapter 1459: Being let go?


When Zhuo Yi received a message from Wang Ling. It was that night.

In fact, as early as yesterday, he had received news that Wang Ling and his group were going to Xiu Zhen Cultivation Street.

It's a holiday anyway. Zhuo Yi has nothing to do. He thought of dressing up and going over to give assists to his junior schoolmate Sun.

But he never expected that before his plan was implemented, Wang Ling took the initiative to send a message asking him to follow him secretly... It was nominally to better protect the girl's safety, but in fact Zhuo Yi felt that was not the case at all.

He knows his master very well.

Generally speaking, in order to successfully hook up with a girl, a boy will usually find a wingman to cover him.

And Zhuo Yi plays the role of wingman this time.

But his function is different from other wingmen.

It's to cover Wang Ling's retreat...

So. This is obviously the layout of his master.

As a result, the assist plan failed.

After all, this time, his master Wang Ling personally invited him, and it is very likely that he will monitor his actions throughout the process.

So Zhuo Yi feels that the assist plan is not easy to implement... Last time, although he imitated Wang Ling's voice and teased Sun Rong in the group, it was because of his appearance. Because of his understanding of Wang Ling's habits, he just had the opportunity to commit suicide.

But the situation is different now.

I just had to play it by ear.

Of course, the above are just Zhuo Yi's own inferences.

After all, so far. Wang Ling gave him the request. Just let him go. But he didn't say what it was for...

Inside the cadres' apartment.

Zhuo Yi called a friend he had met on Xiu Zhen Cultivation Street.

That is the director of the sub-district office that manages that ancient street. With their relationship, it is very convenient to get a free travel pass.

Of course. Zhuo Yi is not for petty gain. It is for safety reasons.

After all, almost all projects on the ancient street currently adopt the face recognition + identity verification model. With the Changyou Card, you can go directly to the VIP green channel.

He knows. The Jiugong family has been monitoring their situation.

If the identity information is registered on Xiu Zhen Cultivation Street, those people will probably follow him immediately.

"Thank you, brother. If possible, use the Heavenly Delivery Formation to send the card directly to my apartment. Yes, the address is still the same as before." Zhuo Yi finished speaking about his needs. He said thank you and hung up. Cut off the phone.

At this time, he found that the TV screen in the living room seemed to suddenly change. A woman's figure seemed to appear on it.

Zhuo Yi rubbed his eyes. The TV screen returned to normal immediately.

Have you been too tired during this period?

Zhuo Yi smiled bitterly in his heart.

After all, the coalition election is coming soon. He actually has a lot to do during the working day. In addition, he is also working hard to supplement his knowledge these days.

Take yesterday as an example.

In just one day, he read several classic works by the famous critical writer "Yuan Yuan."

For example: {I can't breathe}, {Death of a black man}, {Woman under the horse's hooves}, {Bullets flying towards the door of the house}, {Sweet air} and {No one knows cultivation better than me}...

This is a selection event that only those at the level of the General Administration of Hundreds of Schools are eligible to participate.

There are a total of 1,282 general offices in all cities across the country.

First- and second-tier cities and county-level cities are included.

But compared to the general bureaus in other cities, he can be considered a Buddhist. He had seen many people go out to the streets to promote themselves and canvass for votes.

"It's better to rest early today."

Zhuo Yi rubbed his eyes. He got up and returned to the bedroom.

He had a premonition.

Tomorrow, something earth-shattering will definitely happen...

...

Saturday, December 12. In front of Number 60 High School.

Wang Ling wore casual clothes and took the earliest Spirit Bus to the school gate.

He woke up very early. It would be a bit boring if he teleported here in advance.

Occasionally take transportation and enjoy the city scenery along the way. It seems not bad.

The outfit he went out with today was personally chosen by Mother Wang.

The upper body is a white shirt, and the lower body is a pair of slim-fitting jeans. Wang Ling's legs are already in good shape. They are slender yet curvy. They are the kind of legs that all girls envy. With these jeans, they look perfect. reflected.

When helping Wang Ling button up his shirt, Mother Wang deliberately did not lock all the buttons. He released the top one alone. This way, Wang Ling's collarbone was exposed.

After finishing dressing up, Mother Wang was still intoxicated for a long time. After all, she gave birth to a boy... He looks good no matter what he wears!

Wang Ling sighed silently in his heart.

He thinks that this kind of dress may be a bit out of place?

Because these are all new clothes.

I know Wang Ling is going out today. Mother Wang placed an order for it overnight yesterday.

never mind...

As long as mother is happy.

"Take more pictures Harlequin! Especially the hanfu photos. You have to take them! When you're choosing a hanfu. Let the girls help you!" Mother Wang is looking at Wang Ling with a wide mouth. Looking at Wang Ling with a smile on her face.

"When taking pictures, remember to temporarily remove your {big shielding technique}! Don't take pictures that are all mosaic. It's not something shameful."

"..."

By the time Wang Ling's thoughts returned, he had already arrived at the school gate.

I thought I came early.

Unexpectedly, Sun Rong came earlier than me.

"Classmate Wang Ling!"

As soon as she saw herself, the girl waved and greeted him warmly.

"Morning."Wang Ling responded.

As always, cherish words like gold.

Sun Rong's face turned slightly red.

She doesn't know why she feels like Wang Ling today. It seems like she has a completely different feeling.

He actually wasn't wearing the same clothes he had worn before!

It's brand new!

Did you dress up specially for this trip?

Today's Wang Ling. looks great too!

Sun Rong suppressed the urge to take out the phone and turn on the continuous shooting mode.

She knew that it would be inappropriate to forcefully take pictures now. It might make Wang Ling disgusted. If several people took pictures together, it wouldn't be too embarrassing!

At worst, we'll get rid of a few other people when the time comes. Only her will be left. And Wang Ling...

But now comes the problem.

Now the time has come for us to agree.

Li Youyue, Chen Chao, Guo Hao... none of the three people came!

Sun Rong held her forehead. At this time, she could even feel that the air was stagnant and solidified.

These three people... must have planned to let the pigeon fly from the beginning, right?

Just when there was nothing to do, the ringtone of Sun Rong's cell phone suddenly rang.

It's a call from Li Youyue.

"Where are you? I...My classmate Wang Ling and I have already arrived." Sun Rong asked.

"Ah! Sorry Rongrong! We're stuck in the subway station!"

"we?"

"Yes. Chen Chao, Guo Hao and I are together. We happened to meet each other. Someone suddenly fainted in the subway, causing the line to be blocked. Now we are just in time for the morning rush hour. It's a mess here."

"Then you..."

"Don't worry about us! I think this is fine. Let's meet directly at the intersection of the ancient street!"

"Okay!" Sun Rong nodded and immediately hung up the phone.

Okay, okay...

She wasn't let off the hook. Otherwise, she really wouldn't know what to do.

But soon, the girl's face quickly turned red again.

Because that means.

She will take transportation with Wang Ling!

And the car is crowded with people.

They're probably going to be next to each other...





Chapter 1460 If it doesn't work well, it will become an urban legend.


Take transportation together...

There are actually great potential risks during this period.

Although Wang Ling took the Spirit Bus here before. But that was because the Wang Family Villa was relatively remote. There was basically no one there when we got on the bus.

Plus, he got up very early, so there was no need to worry about crowding in on others.

Then the problem of breaking other people's bones.

Just apply a {Great Light Body Technique} to yourself before getting in the car.

This is a spell that can help you lose weight quickly. After all, his body is too dense. He even destroyed the newly renovated teleportation array at Number 60 High School before.

That's because now his combat power seems to be much improved than before...

One shot of {Great Light Body Technique} is no longer enough. Multiple consecutive shots to the body are necessary.

So to sum up the above.

At this time, Sun Rong's concerns are actually very reasonable...

When people are crowded, it is indeed easy to cause various embarrassments and risks.

On the one hand, there are more scumbags nowadays. It is really not safe for girls to be squeezed.

What Wang Ling is worried about is that after he gets on the bus, a group of people will crowd in on him.

When we got off the bus, those people broke their bones again...

Then it may trigger a series of butterfly effects later on, such as traffic crashes and other possible situations.

Maybe this matter will attract widespread attention.

On a crowded bus. All the passengers were in good health when they got on the bus. They all had broken bones when they got off...

This will definitely become an "urban legend!"

And the most important thing is that it seems that he is not the only one with problems now.

In fact, Sun Rong is also very dangerous to other people...

After the girl's passive version "human sword merges into one", her combat power is greatly improved.

It is the strongest Foundation Building on earth. It is also the most dangerous Foundation Building.

It is the instinct of the spirit sword to protect the sword master. In other words, if there is really a dirty trick on the bus...Aohai's sword energy will be directly released to protect Sun Rong.

This is the passive version of the "savior mechanism."

I wonder how many people in this bus will be alive after this sword energy subsides...

I'm afraid it's not just as simple as in the bus. It will be serious within a few dozen miles.

Aohai's current sword energy is so terrifying.

And for those potential losers.

Of course they would not have thought that a girl in the Foundation Building stage could bring such devastating damage.

For Wang Ling. Sometimes life is so bitter.

But there's nothing he can do. He's used to it.

Life can't always be perfect. It's normal to have ups and downs. The most important thing is to learn to adapt and enjoy.

Maybe. When can the "Talisman" matter be solved? Or find other ways to control the energy of his body's unlimited growth.

Until then, maybe he can truly enjoy life.

For a time, Wang Ling and Sun Rong had a lot of thoughts in their minds.

But obviously, now is not the time to feel melancholy.

"I've thought about it. In fact, we don't necessarily have to take transportation."

Then. Sun Rong was the first to speak. She was still thinking about Wang Ling's point of view, "Originally I thought. Sword defense is fine. But there is a ban on Xiu Zhen Cultivation Street. The fine is not a big deal. The main thing is that it will delay a lot of time."

"so?"

Wang Ling raised his eyebrows. He looked at Sun Rong.

"Classmate Wang Ling...How about we teleport there?"

I have to say. Sun Rong's proposal has been brought to the point!

Because this is the same idea as Wang Ling.

Anyway, there is no one in front of Number 60 High School now. It is easy to go to a remote place and teleport.

The most important thing is that Li Youyue, Chen Chao, and Guo Hao are not here.

It is a matter of course to activate the ability.

Just do it!

...

On the other side, at the intersection of Xiuzhen Ancient Street, Li Youyue, Chen Chao and Guo Hao were sitting on a bench in the square at the intersection of the ancient street, quite bored.

Under the shade of the tree, Chen Chao always had an ominous premonition, "Speaking of which, is this really okay for us?"

"It's all about creating opportunities for Boss Sun. What's wrong with that?" Guo Hao started playing mobile games with his phone in hand. He didn't have any free time.

Holding the number one account in the entire server. This feeling of being a boss is very pleasant.

"It's better to be a boss yourself than to have a boss around you. Wouldn't it be better to hug the boss's lap?" Chen Chao said.

"That's right. Boss Sun Rong is our boss now. How much pocket money does she have per month? I think it should be around one million at least?" This is the combination of Guo Hao and Sun RongThe result of extrapolating the benefits to them.

With the wealth of the Huaguo Shuilian Group, a million-level pocket money is actually not excessive.

"envy!"

Chen Chao sighed, "What a pity. In the end, it was cheaper Wang Ling. If your son really marries Sun Rong in the future, wouldn't he become a rich man?"

"Don't think too much. You may not be able to reach this step."

Li Youyue was actually a little worried.

Like, fall in love, get married...

These are three different things!

If you break it down further.

Liking can be divided into active and passive. That is, liking. and being liked.

To be liked. That is, to have a crush...

It took a whole semester. It took a lot of effort to develop from a secret love to a clear love.

But the problem is.

These two still made no progress at all.

As a best friend, Li Youyue also felt melancholy in her heart.

So the main problem actually lies in that piece of wood...

"In my experience, classmate Wang Ling is actually the type of person who is not easy to deal with. So it is actually very important to create more opportunities for them."

Li Youyue said, "It's good to be able to confirm the relationship before graduation. I think... maybe it won't be confirmed even after graduation. Rongrong may have to pursue it in college. It will take a long time to work hard. Only then can there be hope."

"But how can anyone persist for that long?" At this time, Guo Hao stopped what he was doing and looked at Li Youyue.

After all, there have been news on the Internet before that some celebrities met, fell in love, and then got married. They claimed that it was a destined love, a romance that lasted for ten years... but in the end they separated not long after they got together.

Emotional matters are very complicated. Even leaving aside the factors of Sun Rong's family background.

It's rare for a girl to invest so much time in a boy.

Actually, is it a boy or a girl.

After chasing for a long time without seeing any results, you will always give up because of despair, right?

"I don't know how long Rongrong can hold on. Anyway, I will definitely not hang myself on a boy... Even if I meet someone I really like, it will only take a year or two to chase him. If there is no result, it means it is still It's a relationship that is not destined to happen." Li Youyue said.

"One or two years?" Guo Hao and Chen Chao were surprised.

This time is actually very long for girls.

But after all, this is an era of universal cultivation. Female cultivators do not have to worry about their appearance aging due to age.

After all, there are so many ways to stay beautiful nowadays.

If you really find someone you like, it doesn't matter if you spend a year or two chasing her.

"What are you talking about?"

At this moment, a familiar voice came from behind the three of them.

"Zhuo Yi Senior?"

Li Youyue was instantly surprised, "Why is the senior here?"

"It's business." Zhuo Yi said with a mysterious smile, "I will go in first later. You three, just pretend you have never seen me. Understood?"

"Okay! Zhuo Yi Senior!" the three of them said in unison.

"Yeah. Be good!" Zhuo Yi walked over with a smile on his face and gently patted Li Youyue on the shoulder.

The action itself actually has no meaning.

It's like a habitual greeting between brothers and sisters.

However, what Zhuo Yi doesn't know is.

This action caused the air temperature on the other side of the square to drop suddenly by several points.

Jiugong Liangzi. Wearing a black cloak and sitting under the bench on the other side.

I just happened to see this scene between Zhuo Yi and Li Youyue...

(Sun Rong and Wang Nuan} Extra Chapter 7 The Eternal Youth. Updated on the public account (Kuxuanjun).)





Chapter 1461 In broad daylight


Under the cloak, Jiugong Liangzi's resentful eyes seemed to be able to swallow Zhuo Yi whole.

Ha. He is indeed an old liar who is putting on airs. He uses his stolen honors to flaunt himself. Just become a benchmark for his fellow juniors and juniors...

He even tried to plot something against his fellow junior sister!

As a leader of a government-certified educational institution, there is a big problem with this style!

Jiugong Liangzi pretended to read a book. There was a thick dictionary-like book placed on her delicate thighs.

Pretending to read a book, he was actually talking to the ghosts collected in the books.

"Write everything down?" Jiugong Liangzi said coldly.

The ghost on the page she is facing now is the ghost made in Huaxiu that escaped to Sun Island earlier. It was given the nickname: Bi Xianzi1.

1("Pen Fairy" Pen Fairy) "Yes. I have recorded it all." Bi Xianzi nodded solemnly.

Wearing a red dress, she recorded what she heard into words on the painting desk. Then she directly drew what she saw. The level of detail is no different from that of a digital camera.

At the same time, these recorded words can be extracted. As long as you recite the spell afterwards, these recorded words will sound like Zhuo Yi's own voice.

As expected of Bi Xianzi.

Jiugong Liangzi was very satisfied.

This ghost named "Bi Xianzi" is actually very powerful.

Create your own legend about "Bi Immortal." Let those who believe in this legend summon her.

In the name of "immortal", he deduces the future for others at the cost of devouring Yang Qi and longevity.

But in fact, such calculations have no effect at all. They are all deceptive tricks.

The most troublesome thing is that the legend about the immortal pen has spread all over the world, causing this ghost to commit crimes all over the world.

In the end, various fake bodies can even be differentiated to "collect rent" in place of the real body.

The Jiugong family spent a huge price to recover this Bi Xianzi. But fortunately, they finally successfully set up a trap and successfully captured the Bi Xianzi's body on Sun Island.

And then there will be no more.

Bi Xianzi is now sealed forever in Jiugong's Ghost Book and has become Jiugong Liangzi's event recorder.

The Jiugong family's Ghost Book. It contains all kinds of troublesome ghosts captured by the Jiugong family since they started their family.

Now, after years of accumulation, the ghosts in the main book are so strong that they cannot be suppressed by human power.

Therefore, it has been sealed in the underground seal cellar of Jiugong's house.

The book in Jiugong Liangzi's hands is actually a reprint of {Ghost Book}. The reprint is completely synchronized with the ghosts included in the main book.

But the power of these ghosts has been greatly weakened.

It is precisely because of this that Jiugong Liangzi can easily mobilize these ghosts to be driven by him.

"I'm going to trouble you all today." He closed the Ghost Book. Jiugong Liangzi stood up.

She has no interest in those Number 60 High School students. She just came here to collect "criminal evidence" for Zhuo Yi to commit adultery.

Last night, Zhuo Yi saw a woman on TV. In fact, it was not that Zhuo Yi was blinded.

Instead, Jiugong Liangzi is using the ghost named "Ah Zhen" in {Ghost Book} to monitor the situation of Zhuo Yi.

"Ah Zhen" originally had a beautiful love before her death. Unfortunately, the man she loved, "Ah Qiang", changed his heart and colluded with other women to kill her.

Before he died, all of Ah Zhen's resentment was input into the TV in front of him.

After that, she launched her own revenge.

But anyone who did not turn off the TV, on the screen in front of the blatant show of love ...... or want to borrow the sound of the TV, to cover their sounds, one has not escaped the clutches of Ah Zhen.

And if Ah Zhen knew that a man would be dating several women at the same time.

That man will die even worse.

However, that was all in the past.

The time when "Ah Zhen" fell in love with "Ah Qiang" has passed.

Now Ah Zhen. is an important intelligence detector under Jiugong Liangzi.

When I saw Zhuo Yi, I got up and walked towards the entrance of the ancient street.

Jiugong Liangzi quickly got up from the bench and followed Zhuo Yi secretly.

"Zhuo Yi. You would never have thought that...all your actions are within my control." She couldn't help but sneer in her heart.

At the entrance of the ancient street, Zhuo Yi took out his "Changyou Card" to verify his identity. A staff member recognized Zhuo Yi.

However, Zhuo Yi just winked. The staff quickly understood. These are mature employees who have been replaced by Mr. Boss Sun.

Based on Boss Sun's current friendship with Zhuo Yi. Zhuo Yi's face still carries a lot of weight in the hearts of these mature employees.

The mature employee showed a professional smile.

"Welcome to the ancient street."

After walking a few steps, Zhuo Yi raised the corners of his lips and showed a meaningful smile: "Are you following?"

In fact, he had already noticed the clues last night.

It should be noted that one of Zhuo Yi's pupils has partial authorization from King's Eyes.

Although this part of the authorization is very small, dealing with a ghost is still a matter of minutes.

"Classmate Jiugong Liangzi. Let's see."

He didn't know why. Zhuo Yi felt that his face was a little stiff when he smiled.

He pretended not to know. He just continued to move forward according to his own rhythm.

I especially want to see what Jiugong Liangzi will do next.

...

On the other side, Wang Ling took Sun Rong. and teleported to a remote bush in front of the ancient street square.

This location is relatively hidden.

No one outside saw them teleporting here.

"Let's go."

Wang Ling put his pants in his pockets. He looked at the girl. Then he stepped out of the bush.

And outside the bushes, there happened to be a mother and daughter. They looked at the scene in front of them in shock.

If a boy comes out from behind such a bush, he may not be able to find a toilet. He may find a corner for convenience or something like that...

But a boy and a girl came out of the bushes one after the other.

The scene in front of me can't help but make people think a little bit.

Wang Ling has a hunch. He and Sun Rong may be misunderstood.

And what's worse is that Mother Wang deliberately did not button all the buttons of his shirt in order to expose his collarbone...

Ever since, when the middle-aged woman with her daughter saw this scene, she almost immediately imagined an indescribable drama in her mind.

"Mom! Why did my brothers and sisters come out of that place?" the little girl was curious.

"Kids! Don't meddle in other people's business! Not suitable for young children!"

The middle-aged woman's face turned red. She grabbed her daughter and ran away.

She marveled inwardly.

Today's young people are so bold!

In broad daylight, the universe is clear, indescribable, shameless...





Chapter 1462 A surprising glimpse of Wang Ling


Outside Xiu Zhen Cultivation Street. Inside a black off-road vehicle.

A man in black with the Jiugong family's iconic purple-eyed crow family emblem is using binoculars to observe Jiugong Liangzi who followed Zhuo Yi into the ancient street.

"Command. Entry has been confirmed."

Then, the man in black put down the telescope and responded to the micro transmitter on his chest.

At the same time, far away in the huge Jiugong family mansion on Sun Island.

In a courtyard as large as an ancient palace, a young man with a lower limb disability was pushing a wheelchair to enjoy the cherry blossom garden.

Cherry blossom petals with a delicate fragrance fell from the surrounding cherry blossom trees. They fell on the young man's sleeves and thighs.

The expression on his face was slightly sad.

Complex emotions linger in my heart.

Even under such beautiful scenery, I still can't completely calm down.

Behind him was always a middle-aged man wearing warrior armor. The man was Duyan. He looked fierce and sinister, making people afraid to approach him.

This is the exclusive guard assigned by the Jiugong family to the young man. He is responsible for protecting the young man's safety. At the same time, he will also handle some things for the young man.

The young man's legs and feet are inconvenient, so Duyan needs to complete many tasks for him.

"I do this. I'm still so sorry for Liangzi..." Jiugong Xiushi frowned.

"Those who achieve great things must make sacrifices. Maybe this is cruel to Miss Liangzi. But if she is here...the young master with disabled legs will never be able to inherit the throne."

One-Eyed Samurai muttered: "Besides, Miss Liangzi and you are only half-brothers. Miss Liangzi is the eldest daughter of the second wife. You are the son of the eldest wife."

"But she is still my sister." Jiugong Xiushi was still struggling.

"Plan big things. Necessary sacrifices are inevitable."

One-Eyed Samurai said in a cold voice: "Besides, Master Xiushi regrets it now. It's too late. If you didn't decide to fight for the headship of the Jiugong family from the beginning, then you wouldn't accept my proposal..."

"Are you talking about my hypocrisy?" Jiugong Xiushi turned his face and looked at him.

"No. I didn't say that."

One-Eyed Samurai's expression didn't show any abnormality. He just rolled his eyes inwardly.

Jiugong Xiushi's mother-in-law called him early in the morning and wandered around the cherry blossom garden for a long time.

For Duyan, he, a straight man, came to watch the cherry blossoms with a man. It was really disgusting...

If it weren't for the fact that Jiugong Xiushi was the only son of the eldest lady, and the eldest lady's entrustment to him during her lifetime.

He had already broken Jiugong Xiushi's third leg.

Jiugong Xiushi's "hypocrisy" is not fake at all.

But out of repayment to the eldest lady, no matter how hypocritical the young man in front of him was, Duyan could only endure it.

It's all about planning.

At this time, Jiugong Xiushi heard the voice from the transmitter.

He looked at Duyan: "It seems. Everything is going well. Liangzi has already gone in."

"I understand. Miss Liangzi has a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to act alone. She will never miss it this time." One-Eyed Samurai said.

"Is it really possible to unblock {Ghost Book}?"

"It is impossible to completely unblock the main account. You can only take action on a certain page or a few pages."

One-Eyed Samurai said: "We have already investigated several ghosts commonly used by Miss Liangzi. We only need to tear up the part of the main book separately. These ghosts will be released. And the copy in Miss Liangzi's hand Engraved {Ghost Book}. It is the escape hatch for these ghosts who have released their seals."

...

After Wang Ling and Sun Rong came out of the bushes, they actually sensed the auras of Chen Chao and the others.

really...

These three people lied before. There was no accident at all on the subway.

However, considering that he and Sun Rong teleported here, the two of them had a very tacit understanding and did not walk over immediately.

It takes half an hour to get here from the entrance of 60 High School. At the fastest speed, it takes half an hour.

If they went out now, it would be hard to explain why they were so fast.

The two chose a bench on the west side to sit down.

From this angle, Chen Chao and the others couldn't detect them at all. "We'll go there in half an hour..." Sun Rong said.

"Yeah."Wang Ling responded.

He looked at the girl's test with his peripheral vision, then sat down.

In fact, the reason why we can't go there now is not only because of the time problem caused by "teleportation."

Another very important point is that the girl's blush has not calmed down yet...

After all, the middle-aged woman's speech just now was really shocking.

He didn't know if it's because Sun Ying'er has been driving. Girls who were not very familiar with these things have become particularly sensitive now.

Woohoo!

It's all Ying'er's fault!

It makes her even unclean...

Half an hour seemed like an extremely long time, but it also seemed extremely short.

Wang Ling closed his eyes slightly. He was as quiet as a sculpture. As if he was asleep.

A fallen leaf fell on Wang Ling's head.

Sun Rong reached out and tried to pluck off the leaf. However, Wang Ling got up first and shook off the leaf.

It's been half an hour. Time's up.

Wang Ling was just counting with his eyes closed.

He didn't want to waste a second.

Because now the crispy noodles flagship store in the ancient street has opened. From a distance, he could smell the aroma of pepper noodles in the plastic bag.

"eh..."Sun Rong retracted his hand with a little regret.

It was clearly an opportunity very close to Wang Ling just now.

The girl found that when she was alone, she was not as brave as she thought.

Maybe she should be a little bolder.

Just like Master of Shadows. Just hit the wall...

Seeing Wang Ling walking towards Chen Chao and the others. Sun Rong suddenly came to his senses. He quickly followed behind and chased after me: "Classmate Wang Ling...wait for me..."

Hearing the girl's voice, Wang Ling paused in his steps. He turned slightly sideways and glanced at the girl behind him.

This is a stunning glimpse.

The moment he turned around.

A gust of wind lifted the boy's collar.

With the hair dancing in the wind, looking at it from the perspective of a girl, the overflowing sense of youth can no longer be described in words.

Sun Rong was stunned.

At the same time, Sun Ying'er, who had been silent for a long time, also screamed loudly in Sun Rong's mind.

Sun Ying'er: Ahhh! Ling Zhenren! That's awesome! I don't know how many times better than that bastard Wang Ying!

This shout can be said to be a breakthrough in one second. It instantly brought back all the girl's thoughts.

Sun Rong felt that the temperature of his face, which had just calmed down, began to rise again.

In the distance, Guo Hao and others saw Wang Ling and Sun Rong walking in their direction. They waved hello from a distance.

To be honest, they thought they would have to wait another half hour.

"How did you get here? It was too fast..." Guo Hao was in disbelief.

"Half an hour. It's really fast. It's not teleporting, right?" Chen Chao agreed.

Wang Ling, Sun Rong: "..."

Sun Rong quickly explained: "We took a taxi...Okay! None of this is important! Everyone has been waiting for a long time. Just hurry in!"

As soon as she finished speaking, Wang Ling was directly grabbed by Chen Chao and Guo Hao. The three of them walked shoulder to shoulder toward the entrance together. They looked like they were in a good relationship.

"Man. That's it." Li Youyue sighed.

"Their relationship is really good..." To be honest. Sun Rong looked at the scene in front of him with some envy.

Just now. In half an hour, she didn't even have the courage to stretch out her hand...

As a result, Chen Chao and Guo Hao hooked up so easily.

"Are you jealous?" Li Youyue suddenly felt funny.

"No!" Sun Rong retorted.

"Okay. I'll just pretend it's okay. You are the boss. You have the final say."

Li Youyue smiled meaningfully: "Let's go together. Don't be thrown away by the three of them."

Sun Rong nodded: "Yeah!"

Then, the two girls followed behind, arm in arm.

At the front. Among the three people holding each other's backs.

Wang Ling is caught in the middle and is being questioned...

Chen Chao chuckled: "Tell me the truth about Wang Ling! What did you do to Sun Rong on the road!"

Guo Hao echoed: "Yes! You must tell the truth! I saw that Sun Rong's face was red just now... You couldn't be in the car. Your hands and feet are not clean..."

Wang Ling: "?"

...

Just after Wang Ling the five people successfully passed the entrance of the ancient street.

An ancient street cleaning staff who covered himself tightly took off his mask and hat.

"Wang Ling...Sun Rong...on the car?"

Jiang Yingying probably heard these terms when he was just pretending to be a cleaning staff.

At this time, she was staring in the direction of Wang Ling the five people. The hand holding the broom was trembling slightly.





Chapter 1463 The extras have arrived


It took Jiang Yingying several minutes to digest what he saw in front of him.

Her thoughts were chaotic. Envy, jealousy, and...a little bit of hatred.

All kinds of moods are mixed together like spilled seasonings, giving Jiang Yingying a mixed flavor.

It's a pity that she didn't meet Wang Ling earlier.

If only I could get to know him earlier!

There is no way this rich young lady can be that familiar with Wang Ling!

Of course. She won't leave Sun Rong any chance.

Fortunately, it seems... it's not too late. After all, according to Jiang Yingying's own information, the relationship between Sun Rong and Wang Ling has not yet been officially determined.

In other words, she still has a chance!

She had asked the sanitation staff in the area for a long time to get the staff's clothes. It was not easy to get them.

The previous sanitation supervisor rejected her harshly.

She is so cute.

Refuse again!

Keep up the cuteness...

When he was rejected for the third time, Jiang Yingying said something besides being cute: "My grandfather is Jiang Baosheng!"

Then he took out his phone and showed a cute photo of himself and Marshal Jiang.

The supervisor's expression suddenly changed and he handed over his clothes on the spot.

Jiang Yingying felt that she must have been attracted by her cuteness.

This trick has always worked.

I went to the public women's restroom near the square and changed into a brand new set of clothes.

Jiang Yingying wore a mask and sunglasses. She quickly changed her hair color with a hair dye, making her look like a foreign girl from the Western world.

Then, she carefully put away the sanitation worker's clothes. She would be responsible for returning the clothes when the matter was over.

At this time, the promised fake boyfriend had also arrived.

Wei Zhi was wearing a peaked cap. He was also standing at the door very strictly.

He was dragged here last night by Jiang Yingying who was begging for his life.

Pretending to be a girlfriend...

It's not like she's a real girlfriend. So what's the point?

The key is. For Wei Zhi.

Jiang Yingying can only be regarded as his sister...if it weren't for Marshal Jiang always mentioning her and asking him several times about spiritual beasts, Wei Zhi would never have interacted with Jiang Yingying.

And the fact is, Wei Zhi doesn't need a girlfriend.

He felt that he was already too busy just taking care of his domesticated spiritual beasts all day long.

Spirit beasts are simple. They can also act cute. They don't have as many complicated thoughts and scheming as humans.

In a sense, Wei Zhi felt that spending a lifetime with a spiritual beast was a good choice.

"Brother Wei Zhi! It's up to you!" At this time, Jiang Yingying held Wei Zhi's shoulders, with two balls of fire in his eyes.

Wei Zhi is not too tall. He is only slightly taller than Jiang Yingying. But from a distance, he looks like a boyfriend and girlfriend.

"I know..." Wei Zhi pressed his hat, his expression slightly embarrassed.

If it wasn't for Marshal Jiang's sake, he wouldn't have come...

And this mission is actually very dangerous for Wei Zhi.

Because he knows all these people from Number 60 High School except Li Youyue!

And Wang Ling is also his good brother. The master of Er Ha!

"Let's go, Brother Wei Zhi! They are all in!" At this time, Jiang Yingying's sweet voice blocked Wei Zhi's thoughts. She took the initiative to hold Wei Zhi's hand and pulled Wei Zhi forward.

"Yingying, please slow down..."

Wei Zhi had no choice but to follow the girl's anxious pace.

The two of them walked all the way towards the entrance. Wei Zhi was still a little confused about Jiang Yingying's sudden visit to him: "But I still don't understand why you came to me."

"Originally... I wanted to find Brother Yi. But isn't he still in the hospital for treatment?"

"He's not recovered yet?"

"I heard he has recovered a little. He can walk normally after getting out of bed, but now he is a little afraid of seeing sharp objects."

"..." Wei Zhi was stunned.

An excellent spirit sword user.

He is actually afraid of seeing sharp objects... It seems that the last time he faced off against Sun Rong, Yi Zhiyang was really hit hard.

Wei Zhi was also paying attention to the competition at Jiulong Mountain.

Later, I also heard about Yi Zhiyang's psychological trauma. I just didn't expect it to be so serious.

"What will we do next?" Wei Zhi asked.

"It seems that we can only wait for him to overcome the obstacles on his own. There is no other way. Taking some time to relax is actually helpful for recovery. Originally, I said that I would come to the ancient street and ask him to help. Brother Yi is quite happy." Jiang Yingying said.

"What happened next?"

"Later I said that Sun Rong would also come here. He was so frightened that his legs weakened on the spot."

"So. I'm just a spare tire?"

"That's not possible! If this thing doesn't work out in the end, then I will be with brother Wei Zhi!" Jiang Yingying acted like a baby. She knew that Wei Zhi would never have this idea.

"Haha..." Wei Zhi smiled bitterly and shook his head: "I can tell you. I will help you just this time."

As he spoke, he reached out and gently hugged the girl's waist.

Then we passed the ancient street entrance with Jiang Yingying.

Since you are pretending to be your boyfriend, it is very important to act like him.

As for being Jiang Yingying's real boyfriend, Wei Zhi couldn't even think about it.

After all, the pressure from Marshal Jiang still exists.

At this moment, a man in a black trench coat followed Wei Zhi and Jiang Yingying into the ancient street.

He holds a Changyou card. There is no need to verify his identity. He always keeps a considerable distance from Jiang Yingying to avoid being discovered.

He heard the news before that Jiang Yingying was asking someone else to pretend to be her boyfriend. After thinking about it, he still felt uneasy, so he decided to follow him and take a look in person.

Judging from his movements, this man wearing a peaked cap seems to be very familiar with Jiang Yingying.

When a girl takes the initiative to hold each other's hand and walk forward.

Jiang Xiaoche felt his heart twitch. He felt an inexplicable pain.

Especially when he saw Wei Zhi taking the initiative to put his hand around Jiang Yingying's waist. Jiang Xiaoche felt that he almost fainted.

Where did you find this old pervert!

Jiang Xiaoche gritted his teeth when he saw this. He wanted to rush forward and separate the two people.

Taking a few deep breaths, Jiang Xiaoche tried his best to calm down his emotions.

His mission today is to ensure the safety of the girl.

It's just the waist of the building. It's a matter of the girl's own volition. He's an outsider. He has no right to intervene.

He needs to keep track of him at all times. Firstly, he can prevent this fake boyfriend from doing evil things. Secondly, he can also check out some suspicious people...

For example, Jiang Xiaoche has discovered that there are several suspicious men on the ancient street.

Although they were wearing casual clothes, their eyes were always alert.

In addition, Jiang Xiaoche also noticed that the tattoo on the ankles of this group of people... Although it was not very clear from this angle, he could roughly confirm that it seemed to be a crow.





Chapter 1464 Without this chapter, there is no soul


Jiang Xiaoche remembered that he had seen such a crow pattern somewhere. It felt familiar at first sight.

His mind quickly searched for his memories. In hesitation, he used his mobile phone to search the keyword "Jiugong" on the Internet.

Then, the Jiugong family's huge and iconic purple-eyed crow family emblem was displayed on Jiang Xiaoche's mobile phone page.

It was actually a pop-up advertisement! The Jiugong family crest filled half of the screen of Jiang Xiaoche's mobile phone. There was also an advertising slogan below: "Professional exorcism. A century-old brand."

"It is indeed the Jiugong family's logo." Jiang Xiaoche stared at the phone and muttered to himself.

What are the people from the Jiugong family doing in this ancient street...

And he seemed to be eyeing Jiang Yingying.

Jiang Xiaoche felt that there was something fishy going on here.

After returning home yesterday, he reorganized the information about Jiang Yingying.

As the girl said, she is indeed the granddaughter of Martial Saint Marshal Jiang.

Jiang Xiaoche spent a long time reading Jiang Yingying's information carefully from beginning to end. He knew his height and body measurements clearly. It is still deeply remembered in his mind.

He did not remember seeing any interaction between Jiang Yingying and the Jiugong family.

"It's better to observe first." Jiang Xiaoche frowned. He watched the Jiugong family following Jiang Yingying and Wei Zhi. They pretended to look at their mobile phones while walking, and silently followed behind the Jiugong family.

...

Today's ancient street is indeed more lively than Wang Ling imagined.

Except for their group. Zhuo Yi came here. It was requested by Wang Ling in advance.

But Jiugong Liangzi came here. Wang Ling was unexpected.

Besides Jiugong Liangzi, there are also Jiang Yingying, Wei Zhi, and Jiang Xiaoche...

These people Wang Ling all know each other.

No matter how deeply you hide your aura, you can't escape Wang Ling's perception.

Wang Ling feels a little tired.

On this trip, it seems that everyone came with a purpose. It can be said that "each has his own agenda."

But other things are harmless. Now Wang Ling is more concerned about the few people from the Jiugong family who have been following Jiugong Liangzi.

As soon as we entered the ancient street, Wang Ling noticed this group of people sneaking behind.

And it was quickly determined that these people were actually following Jiugong Liangzi.

And he deliberately kept a long distance. He was afraid that he would be discovered.

It stands to reason that as Jiugong Liangzi is an eldest lady, it is reasonable for the Jiugong family to send someone to secretly protect her.

But this group of people...are obviously not Jiugong Liangzi's bodyguards.

Although they are both members of the Jiugong family, they definitely did not come with the purpose of protecting Jiugong Liangzi.

There is murderous intent hidden in each of them, as if they are preparing to plan something. These are the top masters of the Jiugong family. It is difficult for ordinary people to distinguish the restrained murderous intent in them.

And this is one of the reasons why Wang Ling spotted this group of people as soon as they entered the ancient street.

Of course. The current situation actually becomes very interesting.

Because the Jiugong family did not realize that they had been exposed.

And they didn't even know that right behind them, there was another man staring at them...

"Let me remind Zhuo Yi first." Wang Ling muttered in his heart.

He didn't even take out his phone. He just put his hand in his trouser pocket and opened the screen. With his skillful operation, he quickly clicked on the screen.

A specially edited text message sent to Zhuo Yi was sent like this.

To outsiders, Wang Ling just put his hand into his trouser pocket and inserted it. There is nothing unnatural about it.

Anyway, for now, let's concentrate on the matter at hand.

Wang Ling's expression looks relaxed. But in fact, the vigilance inside has never been lowered.

In addition to these complicated things behind it, he also noticed that many people were turning their attention to him at this moment.

Many girls shopping passed him while whispering to each other.

Whispering softly, "Hey, that boy with single eyelids is quite interesting looking!"

"Indeed. White shirt! There is also an ascetic style! The key is. Isn't this the ideal face of my first love!"

Although these girls spoke very quietly, Wang Ling could still hear them clearly.

No wonder...

Mother Wang dressed him up so well today.

It would be better to wear normal clothes.

But it doesn't really matter if you are seen. Because the "Great Shielding Technique" has been upgraded.

Don't look at these girls who are still talking about themselves. They will forget it soon when they look back.

In the current "Great Shielding Technique", a "Fate Intersection Function" has been added.

In other words. Now except malicious investigations will be blocked.

These passers-by will never have a deep interaction with Wang Ling in Wang Ling's life. Even if they have seen Wang Ling, they will quickly forget the appearance of Wang Ling..

It's like a dream.

No matter how mysterious the content of the dream is, most people will not remember what they dreamed about after a while after waking up.

"So where are we going?" Chen Chao looked somewhere: "I think that's good!"

It was an ancient cold weapons store. The name of the store on the signboard read "Sir, times have changed!"

The cultivators of the old era did not have such powerful magical weapons.

Not to mention the wisdom of modern science. What this cold weapon shop introduces are all the cold weapons commonly used by cultivators of that era.

It's very bulky. And it requires a lot of spiritual energy to increase the power of the magic weapon.

"This store has tours and activities. Each activity costs 100 yuan, and there are prizes." At this time, Sun Rong said.

Last night, she had already read the entire ancient street guide. Although it was her first time here, she was actually very familiar with every store.

"What kind of activity is it?"

"It's just stone spear throwing. See how far you can throw it. However, the activity is only open to cultivators below the Nascent Soul stage. We are all students of the Foundation Building stage. If you have a student ID, you don't need to provide proof of realm."

Speaking of this, Sun Rong couldn't help but glance at Wang Ling.

Since knowing the true strength of Wang Ling, many things now. Sun Rong has to be considered in light of Wang Ling's actual situation.

Stone spear throwing.

As for other people, it's just for fun. The venue is very wide and there won't be any tricks.

If classmate Wang Ling...

It's very dangerous!

If the force is not controlled well, it may be thrown directly out of the solar system...

"Where's the prize?" At this time, Chen Chao asked.

"Each distance has different rewards. The grand prize distance is 5,000 meters. It is actually quite difficult. The Stone Spear is very heavy. It is somewhat difficult to throw."

Sun Rong said: "The grand prize is a Marrow Cleansing Pill. The second prize is a Beauty Rejuvenation Pill. The third prize is an ancient street consumption coupon. There is also an encouragement prize for throwing less than 100 meters. It is this cold weapon store. Medal."

It seems that he heard what Sun Rong said. An employee in the cold weapon store suddenly walked out: "Is this your first time coming to the ancient street? Haha. Today's prize is not a medal."

"Not a medal?"Sun Rong was stunned: "But I obviously yesterday..."

"That's right. The "encouragement prizes" in our store are actually not fixed. For example, today they will be replaced by ancient street limited snack coupons."

"..." After listening to Sun Rong, I suddenly felt that this matter was full of strangeness.

It stands to reason. If that is the case.

This kind of detail shouldn't have been missed in the platinum guide she read.

"This is an event organized by our store in conjunction with the flagship store of instant noodles in Gujie next door. You can go to their store to win a lottery with your lottery ticket. If this is your first time here, you can have a chance to try it out for free." At this time. The clerk smiled meaningfully.

"Why do you, a cold weapon store, specifically cooperate with a snack shop..."

"In addition to being a snack shop, we are also a shop that offers sports programs, right? Since it is sports, there is consumption. It is reasonable to use snacks to replenish energy!"

The clerk replied: "A cold weapon shop without crispy noodles is like losing the starting point of this chapter. It has no soul!"

"..." After listening to Sun Rong, I suddenly felt that things became even weirder...

The only person who knows that classmate Wang Ling likes crispy noodles is not only the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception, but also her.

The only thing left might be...

Grandpa?





Sun Rong sleeps with Wang Nuan} Extra 8:1


Speaking of which, this doesn't seem to be the first time the girl has spent the night in the Wang family's villa.

The last time I had a sleepover happened during my freshman year...

But that was an accident.

Due to overtraining, he suddenly fainted during the visit. Father Wang moved Sun Rong to Wang Ling's bed to rest.

At that time, Wang Ling happened not to be at home.

So Sun Rong fell asleep on Wang Ling's bed all night. He didn't wake up until the next morning.

Although this was six or seven years ago, it sounds like a long time ago.

But this matter still lingers in Sun Rong's heart.

Even now when I think about it, my heartbeat is still accelerating.

Seeing the girl's hesitant look, the couple in pajamas looked at each other tacitly.

Then he quickly started his performance.

"Hey. Look at each of you. Let Rongrong decide for herself. Don't embarrass her."

"Go! Go! Go."

Mother Wang pushed Father Wang away. She walked over and pulled Sun Rong in: "Don't listen to your uncle's nonsense. It's getting late now. You go back alone. I'm worried about safety."

Sun Rong smiled bitterly: "Actually, I'll be fine..."

"Of course I'm not worried about your safety, Rongrong. I'm worried about the safety of others. It's going to be the Chinese New Year soon. It's not good to see too much blood."

Mother Wang said earnestly: "With this sword strike, not all those bad guys will be turned into scum. It will also bring a lot of trouble to the forensic comrades' identification work! How about just staying for one night? Sleep with Ah Nuan. After eating Go back after breakfast."

Sun Rong thought about it carefully. It felt like it was too kind to refuse. So he nodded and agreed: "Okay...I'll just listen to auntie!"

During the whole process, Wang Nuan was watching the show on the second floor.

Father Wang and Mother Wang, one of them plays blackface and the other plays whiteface. It's an old routine. She has long been used to it.

Then the couple hurried back to their bedroom on the third floor.

The rest is enough for Wang Nuan to handle alone.

Although this girl is small, she is a ghost! Maybe she can help Wang Ling and Sun Rong go further.

And if they intervene too much, it will easily get in the way.

"You said...Ling Ling is drunk now. Could he..."

"What are you thinking about? Our son is also a reserved person. He won't wake up even if the sky falls after drinking. In this state, at least he won't wake up until tomorrow morning." Father Wang said.

"Ling Ling has drunk before?"

"You forgot about licking the lids of wine bottles when you were a kid."

"Oh...right!"

Mother Wang suddenly understood. She couldn't help laughing: "I also said at the time that my family's lingling is very good at ventriloquism!"

"Shh! Keep your voice down...Rongrong is at home! It's not good for a girl to hear it."

Father Wang smiled meaningfully.

Most of the bedside conversations between the couple consist of idle talk and laughter.

The sound insulation of Wang's villa is indeed very good.

The two of them actually spoke not very loudly. It should not be audible under normal circumstances.

However, what neither Father Wang nor Mother Wang expected was...

The realm of Wang Nuan and Sun Rong is indeed high.

The two girls didn't eavesdrop on purpose...

It's just Wang Nuan's bedroom. The top of it happens to be the master bedroom of Father Wang and Mother Wang on the third floor.

Their hearing is really too sensitive.

"Hey. Sister Rongrong, now you understand my pain." Wang Nuan looked helpless.

"eh..."Sun Rong.

However. Actually Sun Rong thinks it's not bad.

As long as you distract yourself and concentrate on other things, you won't hear the noise upstairs.

"Here, Sister Rongrong. This is yours." Wang Nuan helped Sun Rong prepare the dental appliances.

After Sun Rong took it, he felt something was wrong with the dental equipment: "Ah Nuan. Did you take it by mistake? These dental cups and toothbrushes seem to have been used..."

"Oh, you discovered it!" Wang Nuan stuck out his tongue, pretending to be shocked.

"Could this be..." Sun Rong immediately thought of something.

His face turned red again. "Yes. It's what my brother uses." Wang Nuan said calmly.

"I...how can I use Wang Ling's stuff..."

"Okay. Sister Rongrong, I won't tease you anymore." Wang Nuan chuckled. Then he replaced Sun Rong with brand new toiletries.

Sun Rong was brushing her teeth. Ah Nuan girl was looking at her with her arms crossed. She looked like a little kid.

While rinsing his mouth, Wang Nuan suddenly asked a question: "Sister Rongrong, tell me, when a couple kisses, they don't feel dirty. Why do you need to separate the dental appliances when you brush your teeth?"

"..." Sun Rong choked immediately after listening to it. He almost swallowed the mouthwash in his mouth.

She heard it.

Ah Nuan girl is herself within herself.

I suddenly sighed in my heart. Today's primary school students are too premature.

After a simple shower, Wang Nuan sent Sun Rong a new set of pajamas. Sun Rong recognized it at a glance: "Aren't these Wang Ling's White Rabbit pajamas?"

"Don't worry, Sister Rongrong. My mother knows that my brother likes this. She bought several sets for my brother to keep. This set is new. My brother has never worn it." Wang Nuan said with a bad smile: "You still say. I want to wear what my brother wore. I'll go steal one for you right now..."

"Don't...I didn't think so..." Facing Wang Nuan. Sun Rong felt like he couldn't argue.

This girl really sees everything so clearly. It's as if she can look straight into people's hearts.

There are always some questions that make people want to have to explain them, but they seem very embarrassing after they are explained.

The washing work is completed. It is already 11 o'clock in the evening.

Sun Rong put on the White Rabbit one-piece pajamas and lay on the bed with Wang Nuan.

When she was washing up earlier, the little girl's noisy energy seemed to have been exhausted. Now when she was lying on the bed, she had nothing to say at all.

But in fact. Sun Rong has always had a feeling.

This was the reason why she agreed to stay one night.

On the one hand, it is indeed difficult to reject such hospitality.

On the other hand, I also had a vague feeling that something was wrong with this little girl. She might want to say something to herself.

But after lying on the bed, Wang Nuan was speechless. This made Sun Rong look a little helpless.

There was no other way. She had no choice but to turn sideways, aim at Wang Nuan's side, and ask softly: "Ah Nuan? You should not be asleep yet... You deliberately wanted to keep me here. Do you want to say something to me?"

For a long time, Wang Nuan did not reply.

Sun Rong I thought Wang Nuan might have fallen asleep. Then I thought maybe I was thinking too much.

As a result, at this moment, Ah Nuan girl's voice suddenly sounded again. She was serious and a little serious: "Sister Rongrong, do you really like my brother that much..."

"like..."

"Then if one day my brother disappears, what will you do?"

"I will wait until he comes back." Sun Rong answered calmly.

But in fact.

My heart is trembling.

"I see."

Wang Nuan closed his eyes again.

Reconfirming the girl's intentions is also part of the big plan she is about to implement.

It's just that this plan won't start so soon.

These questions made Sun Rong feel like a completely different Ah Nuan girl.

She didn't know what the little girl was planning. But one thing was certain. Ah Nuan was definitely not as simple as she seemed.

This is Sun Rong's own intuition.

And her intuition has always been accurate.

"Ah, yes, Sister Rongrong."

After asking a few serious questions, Wang Nuan's voice became lively again.

And this. is the Ah Nuan girl that Sun Rong usually knows.

Wang Nuan: "Do you want to see what my brother is dreaming about now?"

At this time Wang Nuan also turned around. He stared at Sun Rong with small eyes.

The two women were facing each other under the covers.

Sun Rong is curious: "Wang Ling's dream?"

"My brother used to be a light sleeper or not sleep at all. Now he has switched to Eternal Talisman. It is no problem to enter a deep sleep state. The dreams are naturally more colorful."

Wang Nuan narrowed his eyes and smiled: "If necessary, I can take you directly into my brother's dream."

...

ps: There are eight extra chapters in total. For the complete extra chapter (including the complete version of the first 7 chapters), please go to the WeChat public account (Ku Xuanjun)





Chapter 1465 Youth without games is not youth


After ruling out all possibilities, Sun Rong still feels that Mr. Boss Sun is more suspicious.

However, this trip to the ancient streets. It is true that she did not inform her grandfather in advance...

In other words, it is very possible that grandpa already knows about this matter. And it is very likely that he has arranged for someone to protect him on the ancient street?

However, when I was walking along the ancient street, Sun Rong did not find any other suspicious people.

So according to grandpa's temper, there is a high probability that he will replace the staff of the ancient street with his own...

To be honest. Sun Rong's mood at this time is quite complicated.

Of course she knew that this was Boss Sun's love for her.

My grandpa has always done the same thing since I was little.

However, no matter how tough the wings are, they cannot protect the chicks for a lifetime.

She has grown up. The feeling of being followed by bodyguards all the time is actually not uncomfortable.

No matter what you do, it feels like there are millions of eyes staring at you.

It's better to wait until this matter is over and then go talk to grandpa.

Sun Rong thought.

She didn't let this little episode ruin her mood.

After all, this is also grandpa's feelings for her.

In fact, Sun Rong's intuition was quickly verified.

Perhaps he saw the girl hesitating in front of the store. The employee of this cold weapon store suddenly smiled at Sun Rong and said, "Miss Sun, won't you go in?"

"..." Sun Rong's mouth twitched.

She obviously never revealed her name.

How did this little brother know her surname was Sun?

He is obviously from the Huaguo Shuilian Group!

However, the simple shop boy did not realize that he had leaked something.

Sun Rong didn't see through it either. She pretended not to know anything and walked into the store.

In the cold weapon shop. In front of the huge Stone Spear throwing field. Chen Chao's throwing results have been released.

He firmly believed that he could win the first place.

As a result, when I was throwing it, I realized that the Stone Spear was still too heavy.

His explosive power was not fully used at all.

The final score was 96 meters.

"Congratulations on winning the encouragement award." A female staff member handed over the ticket with a smile.

Beside. Wang Ling looked at Chen Chao with envy.

It was his turn next.

"Very heavy Wang Ling. Be careful."

Then. Chen Chao handed the new Stone Spear placed on the shelf next to Wang Ling's hand.

Feather weight.

So is it really heavy?

Wang Ling doesn't feel it at all.

His throw, even if it was a water drop, was thrown lightly, it would probably be at least the distance from the earth to the sun.

The situation is not good.

We still have to think of a way.

He holds a spear in his hand and assumes a very standard throwing posture.

He pulled his right arm back. The amplitude was very large. A draft swept through the room, causing the white shirt on Wang Ling's upper body to be lifted up, revealing his beautiful figure curves and contours.

The looming abdominal muscles and the perfect mermaid line.

Sun Rong saw this scene just after entering the door. His cheeks suddenly felt hot.

In fact, this was also within Mother Wang's calculation.

Wang Ling has actually gained a bit of weight recently. There is a lot of fat on my belly.

But Wang Ling has a {Great Weight Loss Technique}. It's no problem to just lift some meat manually.

So before going out, Mother Wang asked Wang Ling to show off her eight-pack abs. She also showed him a photo of {{Dragon Ball}: "Yes! Super Saiyan! Just face this direction." Just develop!"

"..."

Wang Ling thinks eight-pack abs are too exaggerated.

The last plan I came up with was just to get rid of my fat.

Wang LingAs everyone knows, this actually attracts more attention.

Even Li Youyue was amazed when she saw it. She couldn't help but hit Sun Rong with her elbow: "Tsk. This figure is simply amazing... Why can a boy have such a good figure..."

She thinks that any girl would envy her.

Because in fact. Sometimes reality is just that real.

Some boys' legs may be thinner than girls' legs. It's entirely possible that this is true.

Fortunately. Wang Ling is not too tall now.

After all, a 16-year-old boy has not fully grown up yet. If he grows taller, according to Li Youyue's judgment, Wang Ling will definitely be a chopstick master in the future.

"Hey. What a pity. The famous grass has an owner."

Li Youyue was envious. She envied Wang Ling. She also envied Sun Rong.

Sun Rong blushes: "Don't talk nonsense..."

"Come on. You are the only one who has the patience for such a piece of wood. If it were me, it would be fine if you gave me a year or two. If I don't get a response, it would be difficult for me to persist." Li Youyue said.

Finally, the topic returned to the key word "wood."

Sun Rong looked helpless and showed a bitter smile: "How long do you think I have to wait?"

"Go buy this book and read it for reference." Li Youyue replied.

"Which book?"Sun Rong asked curiously.

"{On Protracted War}"

"..."

...

As Li Youyue said, perhaps this youthful unrequited love must be transformed into a long-distance love race. It really requires a huge investment of time and energy.

For Sun Rong, this is a game. A game with "Wang Ling wood."

The girl raised her eyes and looked at the boy in front of her...

Obviously, the boy is also playing a game. He is playing a game with the Stone Spear in his hand.

At the same time, just a block away from the cold weapon store, Zhuo Yi was also secretly playing a game with Jiugong Liangzi.

As the saying goes, as long as you give it a try, your bicycle will become a motorcycle.

Youth without "games" is not called youth

Sometimes young people should be bolder.

Originally. Zhuo Yi wanted to tease Jiugong Liangzi again. Then observe the girl's cute reaction.

But now it seems that the situation is not allowed.

Because he received a reminder message from Wang Ling.

Although those Jiugong family members whose origins are unknown, I don't know what their purpose is.

But since it was a tip given by his master Wang Ling. Zhuo Yi felt that he probably couldn't add it.

Jiugong Liangzi is very likely to encounter some danger.

After turning around the entrance of the alley in front of the ancient street, Zhuo Yi quickly hid his figure.

Sure enough, a girl wearing a black cloak followed him closely.

Just waiting for the moment Jiugong Liangzi entered the alley, Zhuo Yi quickly took action. He picked up Jiugong Liangzi and pushed him against a wall. He covered Jiugong Liangzi's mouth with his hand.

The girl never expected that she would be discovered after following her all the way!

I immediately wanted to exclaim. But I saw Zhuo Yi making a "silence" gesture with a serious face. Then he gradually let go of her.

Zhuo Yi: "Sorry. The situation was urgent. I had to do this as a last resort. I offended classmate Jiugong."

"What do you want to do..." Jiugong Liangzi looked disgusted.

"Jiugong is going out today. Are you alone?" Zhuo Yi asked softly.

"None of your business. Why should I tell you?" Jiugong Liangzi snorted arrogantly.

Now she just wants to find a place to wash her face, because her mouth has been touched by this liar's hand!

"Because there are people from the Jiugong family right behind you. And they are wearing casual clothes." Zhuo Yi said seriously.

"From the Jiugong family?" The girl looked surprised.

This expression actually gave her away.

Obviously, the girl did not bring anyone from the Jiugong family out today.

At this time, Zhuo Yi, who got the answer, looked at Jiugong Liangzi and nodded slightly: "I understand."

"What do you know?" Jiugong Liangzi wondered.

"The group of people following you now are probably the enemy."

Zhuo Yi said: "However, I don't know what the purpose of their actions is yet. Or is it student Jiugong. Do you have any clues?"

"I don't know." Jiugong Liangzi shook his head.

It stands to reason that if the Jiugong family secretly sent someone to protect her, it would be impossible to hide this matter.

"So before I know the purpose of their actions, I suggest that Jiugong Liangzi come with me. It's safer this way." Zhuo Yi said seriously. As he said that, he started to hold Jiugong Liangzi's hand.

"What are you doing...who wants to hold hands with a liar like you!"

Jiugong Liangzi panicked: "Who knows. Did you deliberately arrange those people to tease me?"

She tried to break free. However, Zhuo Yi's hands were broad and strong, trapping her tightly like a pair of pliers.

"Classmate Jiugong, it's too late to explain. You must come with me." At this time, Zhuo Yi looked at Jiugong Liangzi with a serious face.

For a moment, Jiugong Liangzi was shocked by such a serious look.

Her mind went blank. She was immediately pulled out by Zhuo Yi.

The girl's delicate hands were held tightly by the man. The mixed heat was transferred between the palms. There was still a slight amount of sweat.

Jiugong Liangzi was extremely surprised.

This man...seems really nervous about her?





Chapter 1466 Jiugong Liangzi's Great Crisis!


In a panic, Jiugong Liangzi was pulled out on the spot by Zhuo Yi.

She was a little frightened by Zhuo Yi's performance.

Since my first face-to-face contact with Zhuo Yi in the principal's office of Number 60 High School.

Jiugong Liangzi knows it. He is a calm old liar.

Including now. The old liar's face and pulse still haven't fluctuated at all.

She didn't know how Zhuo Yi managed to remain calm.

If you think about it carefully, it seems that it is not difficult to hide things like heartbeat, pulse, and expression with some technical means.

At least for now. Zhuo Yi told Jiugong Liangzi with sweat in his palms.

This time the "old liar" seems to be honest.

"You're pinching me. Can you please relax a little..." Jiugong Liangzi was dragged a long way by Zhuo Yi. He muttered softly behind Zhuo Yi.

Zhuo Yi This is the first time I heard Jiugong, who has always been strong, show such a coquettish voice.

"Is this a request?"

Zhuo Yi couldn't help but laugh.

"Huh. I'm just forced to cooperate."

Jiugong Liangzi hummed: "My hands have been stained by you. I don't know how much hand sanitizer I have to waste to wash away the filth of you, an old liar."

The word "old liar" is Jiugong Liangzi's "honorific title" for Zhuo Yi.

Zhuo Yi After listening to it, I actually didn't feel much in my heart.

I didn't even feel uncomfortable.

Because what Jiugong Liangzi said is indeed true.

"Sorry. The situation was urgent just now. I didn't have time to explain to you more."

He loosened the grip in his hand and pulled Jiugong Liangzi forward. The two stood side by side and looked like a couple.

Many people on the ancient street cast their eyes in their direction. Some people seemed to be talking about them.

This is so shameful...

Jiugong Liangzi lowered his cloak a little.

She never dreamed that she and the old liar beside her would be misunderstood.

What a shame!

"Where are you taking me?" Jiugong Liangzi asked.

"Let's go to an open area first. I remember there is a Taoist temple in front of us." Zhuo Yi said.

"Why go there?"

"There are many people on the street. Even if they follow you all the way, I'm afraid they won't be able to find a good opportunity to make a move. Choosing an open place will make it easier to lure the wolf into a trap."

The Taoist temple on the ancient street is a famous holy place for blessings.

However, the opening hours of the Taoist temple are in the afternoon. So this time can ensure that no other people will enter there.

The owner of the Taoist temple is also friends with Zhuo Yi. Before Zhuo Yi came here, he had basically said hello to all his friends.

"Are you so sure that these Jiugong family members are not good for me?" Jiugong Liangzi asked.

"100%"Zhuo Yi nodded.

After all, this is the judgment of his master Wang Ling!

"So. How many people know about your coming here?"

One of Jiugong Liangzi's hands was held by Zhuo Yi. The other hand was holding his chin and thinking: "Except for my female bodyguard, no outsiders should know... Oh, by the way. Also. There's Doctor Dahe!"

"Doctor Dahe?"

"Call Mucun Dahe."

Jiugong Liangzi said: "This is my personal doctor. He diagnosed me because I was addicted to hallucinogens. He overheard that I was going to the ancient street."

"eh..."Zhuo Yi nodded thoughtfully.

This Mucun Dahe seems to be very suspicious.

But now he has no direct evidence.

In fact, Jiugong Liangzi felt a little unhappy when he heard Zhuo Yi's inquiry: "Your tone makes it seem like there is a mole in our Jiugong family."

"Isn't it?" Zhuo Yi asked back.

"you..."

Jiugong Liangzi hummed again: "The people I brought out this time are all carefully selected. They will not betray me so easily! Do you think everyone is an old liar like you!"

"Is there any betrayal? We'll find out later."

Zhuo Yi smiled. He did not continue to argue with the girl.

Because facts speak louder than words.

At this time, within their line of sight, the two of them could already see the ancient gymnasium built on the hillside of the ancient street a few hundred meters away from the slope in front of them.

"Last question."

At this time, Zhuo Yi asked: "The female ghost on the TV yesterday. Was she sent by you?"

"Ah Zhen" was discovered?

Jiugong Liangzi's heart suddenly skipped a beat when he heard Zhuo Yi's question.

She didn't expect this old liar to have such ability. She immediately sneered: "So what?"

"You actually sent a female ghost to monitor my life. You don't like me, do you?" Zhuo Yi said with a smile.

"Who likes you!"

Jiugong Liangzi blushed when asked. He didn't know whether he was angry or shy.

Zhuo Yi feels that blushing is reflected in Jiugong Liangzi. In fact, it is not easy to judge.

Because more often than not, the blushing of this arrogant young lady with a bad temper usually means she is angry.

"This is surveillance! To collect evidence of your deception!" Jiugong Liangzi repeatedly explained the purpose of sending the female ghost. It was like a cover-up.

She is like a hedgehog with fried hair. Or a little porcupine.

Put on a "super fierce" posture.

But in Zhuo Yi's eyes. I don't know why he feels that Jiugong Liangzi is a bit cute.

But now is not the time to "tease" the girl.

Zhuo Yi could only apologize: "Just kidding. Don't mind. Of course I know that Jiugong is a person who upholds justice and fights counterfeiting."

"Hmph. That's pretty much it!"

After saying this, Jiugong Liangzi's mood actually calmed down a lot.

He was worried that if he kept teasing her, the girl would really get mad. This would be detrimental to the situation at hand.

The two of them walked to the door of the Taoist temple. The door of the Taoist temple was actually open. Because they had said hello in advance, the temple owner did not insert the bolt.

According to the plan started by Zhuo Yi, he planned to go to the gym to pray and express his love to the old locust tree covered with red ribbons.

Even the words written on the red ribbon were thought out in advance.

According to the original plan. Zhuo Yi knew that Jiugong Liangzi would follow him all the way.

So you will definitely see the words "Jiugong Liangzi I like you" written on the red ribbon.

Then he just needs to hide quietly and wait for the hidden camera prepared in advance to record the girl's reaction.

But now, the plan can't keep up with the changes.

His wish failed.

Anyway, as long as Jiugong Liangzi is still at Number 60 High School, he will have a lot of time to tease this girl.

There is no rush anymore.

...

Outside the Taoist Temple. After seeing Zhuo Yi leading Jiugong Liangzi inside.

The followers of the Jiugong family were all shocked and inexplicable.

Because this Taoist temple is famous for couples praying...

"When did the relationship between the eldest lady and this boy reach this point?"

These Jiugong family members are puzzled.

"Forget it. No matter how far this Zhuo Yi develops, he has nothing to do with it. The mission we received is to make her disappear."

"What about this Zhuo Yi?"

"Didn't I tell you that he is a liar? He has no real ability. With the strength of the three of us, it is more than enough to kill two of them."

The leading man sneered. He wore a black earring. He was the commander of this operation: "After killing them all, put their bodies together. It is best to put them in a hugging position. This way As a result, the reputation of Miss Liangzi's line in the family will also be completely destroyed..."





Chapter 1467 Classmate Jiugong Liangzi Don't be Angry


Zhuo Yi and Jiugong Liangzi were hiding under the altar table in the Taoist temple.

"It's so crowded...Who wants to hide in there with you, a liar!"

He said so. But Jiugong Liangzi still got in obediently.

The space under the table is relatively small. Zhuo Yi There is no intention to offend the girl. Although he has tried very hard to keep a distance, part of his body is still touching the girl.

Jiugong Liangzi blushed with a disgusted expression. But in this situation, she really couldn't push Zhuo Yi away.

"Sorry. Classmate Jiugong, please be patient for a while." Zhuo Yi made a shushing gesture and said in a gentle voice.

Jiugong Liangzi snorted. He turned his head slightly and looked at Zhuo Yi with only his peripheral vision.

She saw Zhuo Yi constantly changing her posture and trying to keep a distance from herself. The emotions in her heart were extremely complicated at the moment.

On the one hand, she suddenly felt that Zhuo Yi seemed more upright than she imagined.

On the other hand, Zhuo Yi deliberately kept a distance from her. On the contrary, it made her feel unhappy.

"Isn't this lady's charm enough to make you so disgusted?" Jiugong Liangzi muttered in a low voice and quickly.

Zhuo Yi: "Jiugong. What are you talking about?"

"I won't repeat it a second time."

Jiugong Liangzi's voice was cold.

The girl calmed herself down and took a deep breath.

She felt that she must be crazy. She was expecting an old liar like Zhuo Yi to succumb to her charm.

Such a liar...

She will never care about it in her life!

Jiugong Liangzi glared at Zhuo Yi. The hostile look in his eyes made Zhuo Yi feel puzzled: "?"

Zhuo Yi sighed inwardly.

The little girl now can't figure out what she's thinking!

It's so difficult to understand!

It is said that women have so many evil thoughts. But this little girl has not yet become a real woman. How come she has so many evil thoughts?

Just as he was wondering, the two people under the altar table heard the noise coming from outside the hall at the same time.

Everything is as expected by Zhuo Yi.

It didn't take long for the three people behind to break into the Taoist temple.

They acted quickly. Once inside, they carefully closed the door and re-bolted it to prevent anyone from entering.

One of the people took out a three-legged magic weapon and placed it on the ground.

This is a shielding device that blocks sound and all external signals.

After manually setting the range, the three-legged instrument made a buzzing sound. A circle of invisible ripples spread out on the spot, covering the entire Taoist temple.

"The next step is to catch a turtle in an urn."

The leading man wearing black earrings smiled secretly. He could already feel the auras of Zhuo Yi and Jiugong Liangzi in the main hall of the Taoist temple in front of him.

The man quickly made two gestures to signal the other two companions to surround the main hall.

The remaining two people have radars in their hands. This is a device bound to the shielding instrument. Once someone approaches the signal shielding circle, the radar can detect the signal instantly.

Now it's really hard to fly even with wings.

The man with black earrings stood gracefully in front of the main hall. He crossed his arms and put on a gesture of good-natured advice: "Miss Liangzi, we don't mean to offend. We are just following orders. As long as Miss Liangzi is willing to hand over the replica in her hand." {Ghost Book}. Then we can consider letting Miss Liangzi go."

In fact, killing Jiugong Liangzi was their original purpose.

As for snatching the {Ghost Book}. This is just a matter of convenience.

The man knew very well that the book in Jiugong Liangzi's hands was just a replica. The real book was still sealed underground in Jiugong's house.

But the ghosts in these replicas are actually hidden dangers. If they kill Jiugong Liangzi, the ghosts in this replica will witness everything.

What if this matter was later known to other members of the Jiugong family?

This is not conducive to their master's subsequent election plans.

So after they kill Jiugong Liangzi, they need to bring back this "reissue" and wait for the latest disposal order from the owner.

"{Ghost Book}?"

Under the altar table. Zhuo Yi looks at Jiugong Liangzi.

{Ghost Book} is related to Jiugong's family secrets. Jiugong Liangzi hesitated to speak. She didn't want to explain.

But in this case, it seems inappropriate not to explain.

So the girl frowned and was thinking of a way to briefly summarize it.

"I guess. This should be a magical weapon used by your family to seal away monsters and control them." At this time, Zhuo Yi guessed.

"How do you know?" Jiugong Liangzi was surprised.

"It's just based on experience." Zhuo Yi smiled.

All this time, Jiugong Liangzi thought he was still the same Zhuo Yi six years ago.

If it were placed six years ago, the girl would confront him as aggressively as she does now. She doubted that he was not the "savior hero" back then. Zhuo Yi indeed did not have the slightest confidence.

But now. Everything is different.

Now Zhuo Yi possesses the special {Thirty-three Little Paths of Vitality} technique.

Once all true combat power is released, it will rival True Immortal.

If you add "Yu"...

Maybe even True Immortal is no match for him.

In fact, Zhuo Yi's level could have been improved a long time ago.

As long as he wants to, it is not difficult to quickly advance to Itinerant Immortal.

But now Zhuo Yi is a public official after all. There are countless eyes staring at him. If the basic level improves too fast, it may make people suspicious...

Anyway, for Zhuo Yi, the basic level is not important.

His combat power has exceeded the level of ordinary cultivators on earth.

On the contrary, the current "basic realm" can give him an excellent cover.

Just like the three people outside the Taoist temple, I always thought that he only had the combat power of Golden Core.

At this time. Zhuo Yi is thinking.

Jiugong Liangzi was also trying hard to think about who sent the people outside the Taoist temple.

She muttered: "It seems like...that person shouldn't be from Xiushi's side."

Zhuo Yi: "Xiushi?"

Jiugong Liangzi: "Jiugong Xiushi. The only son born to my father's second wife. He is also my second brother."

"I have an impression. Is it the disabled child mentioned in the news?" Zhuo Yi asked. He had also investigated some information about Jiugong's family beforehand.

For such a big family, there is always a lot of gossip.

"Yes. My second brother is disabled. But I always thought it was a cover-up, so I have been monitoring him. But now I am sure that the people outside were not sent by him." Jiugong Liangzi said.

"Why are you so sure?"

"I can't tell you this."

"It seems that you are quite hated in your family." Zhuo Yi couldn't help but smile and said, "Actually, I know even if you don't tell me."

Jiugong Liangzi: "?"

Zhuo Yi: "I think your second brother should also have a replica of {Ghost Book}, right? In this case, there is really no need to snatch it."

Jiugong Liangzi: "How did you..."

Zhuo Yi pointed to his head: "I also rely on my brain to make a living. I am fundamentally different from those women with big breasts and no brains."

Jiugong Liangzi's expression darkened: "What do you mean..."

Zhuo Yi laughed again: "Jiugong, please don't get excited. You are not."

Just as he finished speaking, Zhuo Yi could already hear the sound of Jiugong Liangzi gnashing his teeth.

Then the entire altar table... no! The entire Taoist temple seemed to be shaking slightly...

"Jiugong, I was just joking. There's no need to be like this..." Zhuo Yi apologized quickly.

The girl's expression also looked particularly surprised: "No! It's not me..."

She quickly took out her replica {Ghost Book} from under the cloak.

I was surprised to find that this amazing abnormal energy fluctuation came from this replica of {Ghost Book}!

"What...what's going on..." Jiugong Liangzi was so frightened that his face turned pale.

Such a situation had never occurred before. She was at a loss for a while.

"danger!"

Out of an instinctive reaction to the danger, Zhuo Yi immediately grabbed the replica {Ghost Book} and threw it out with great force.

Outside the Taoist temple, the man with black earrings saw something suspiciously like a {Ghost Book} flying out. He quickly reached out and took it.

He didn't expect that this young lady would be so straightforward.

"But even so..." The leading man stroked the Ghost Book in his hand and smiled coldly.

Even so. Jiugong Liangzi is still going to die.

However, just as the man was about to attack, the {Ghost Book} in his hand suddenly let out a piercing scream. It was like a witch's roar that made his ears numb.

The next moment, a thin woman in red clothes appeared in front of him like a ghost.

With waterfall-like black hair and a mouth smeared with bright red lipstick, there was blood flowing from the corner of the mouth. He looked particularly ferocious.

Bi Xianzi...

The man looked at the woman in front of him in astonishment. He recognized it at a glance as the powerful female ghost sealed in the {Ghost Book} by the Jiugong family.

He instinctively wanted to escape. However, at this moment, the man was shocked to find that his body could not move.

"No...no!" The man was so frightened that he became incontinent.

Bi Xianzi approached him step by step. Every time he took a step closer, there were gusts of evil wind on all sides.

The next moment, the woman's red nails suddenly turned into the tip of a pen. It penetrated directly into the man's body. It was absorbing the man's vitality like a pen absorbing ink...





Chapter 1468 The highlight moment of Zhuo Yi


Devouring life force. This was originally Bi Xianzi's ability.

Her nails dug deep into the man's chest.

The man's body was like a balloon with a hole in it, drying up at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Although the remaining two men were standing in other positions, they found that their bodies could not move.

Bi Xianzi's resentment was too strong, creating a suffocating sense of oppression.

Jiugong Liangzi looked at this scene in surprise. The replica version of {Ghost Book} actually rioted.

This has never happened before...

Because Bi Xianzi in the main book was suppressed, most of Bi Xianzi's demonic nature and resentment were suppressed. Therefore, Bi Xianzi in the replica version has been greatly weakened.

Thinking that I have been using Bi Xianzi to play the role of recorder.

The girl could not help but feel lingering fears.

If Zhuo Yi hadn't reacted quickly just now, I'm afraid she would have died in the hands of Bi Xianzi just like this man.

"Jiugong, things are now like this... we must stop the situation as soon as possible. Please explain it to me in detail after the rest of the things are resolved." Zhuo Yi said.

A stream of spiritual power emitted from his fingertips, quietly protecting Jiugong Liangzi so that the girl would not be disturbed by Bi Xianzi's resentment.

But at this time. Zhuo Yi discovered the silly and cute side of Jiugong Liangzi.

This has never been seen before.

This ice-cold young lady who always pretends to be confident of victory will probably only activate such attributes when she is in a panic.

Although it is inappropriate to discuss this now.

But the heartbeat of the "fake heart ring" on Zhuo Yi's hand is obviously increasing.

Liangzi is so...so cute!

"What are you going to do?"

"Save people."

Zhuo Yi answered.

"But that's the bad guy...he deserves to die."

"He is an insider of the incident. So he must live." Zhuo Yi stepped forward.

The girl behind him grabbed him. Her eyes were obviously anxious: "You are a Golden Core. Why are you so cool?"

Although the book in Jiugong Liangzi's hand is just a replica of the Ghost Book, she knows every ghost on it clearly.

Bi Xianzi...

This is a ghost with a very high risk factor! The factor can directly reach SSR!

Back then, the Jiugong family spent a huge price to set up a trap to capture her. Her strength is self-evident.

Although Jiugong Liangzi still doesn't know why Bi Xianzi suddenly broke out.

But Bi Xianzi, who has completely released the seal, may not be much scarier than Thuntihan Ha back then.

However, what the girl didn't expect was that even so, the man in front of her still walked out without fear.

He faced the light outside the door, leaving a generous reflection in the main hall, which actually made Jiugong Liangzi feel at ease.

"Zhuo Yi! You old liar are you still trying to be brave... You will die! You are dead. I don't care about you!" The second before Zhuo Yi's figure completely disappeared from the palace. Jiugong Liangzi shouted at his back.

Zhuo Yi had a smile on his lips. He did not directly answer the girl's words.

"--Sword comes!"

He waved his hand. An emerald green bamboo sword flew directly through the void and fell into his hand.

Saving people is the most important thing now. Zhuo Yi can't worry about that much.

He had undergone many systematic combat trainings in the Office of Strategic Deception. His combat skills were completely different from those six years ago.

He is no longer the brave and just scapegoat he was six years ago.

Obviously, there was a bit of surprise in Bi Xianzi's eyes.

A Golden Core can still move under his own powerful resentment... This is simply unbelievable.

Her other hand was ready. She planned to wait for the moment Zhuo Yi rushed over and stab him into his body.

Now Bi Xianzi has just released the seal. It is the time when a lot of nutrition is needed.

However. Zhuo Yi's speed exceeded Bi Xianzi's imagination.

"So fast!"

Her eyes couldn't keep up with the speed of such a Golden Core.

I can only rely on intuition to find the direction of Zhuo Yi. Then stretch out the sharp claw of my left hand!

"With my next sword, I will cut off your left arm! Then cut off your right arm as well!"

Before the sword light fell, Zhuo Yi made an accurate prediction just like Fan Rui did before.

"Sword of Destiny." This was originally one of "Yu"'s own abilities.

Bi Xianzi's eyes were horrified. She was surprised that men could see through her own thoughts in advance.

The next moment. Accompanied by a "chi!" sound!

An extremely tricky angle that Bi Xianzi never expected. Zhuo Yi appeared there like a ghost. Lifting the ball up, Bi Xianzi's arms broke instantly!

The leader of the trio on the ground, whose life force was extracted by Bi Xianzi, was dying. But there was still a glimmer of hope.

Zhuo Yi is too fast.

In a short period of time, Bi Xianzi's arms were chopped off with one sword. He also took the time to give the man on the ground a tonic to calm his nerves.

For powerful wraiths, having their arms chopped off is not enough to make them scream, because their limbs are insubstantial. Even if they are chopped off, they can still be reorganized.

At this time. Zhuo Yi is facing Bi Xianzi who has lost both arms.

She is surrounded by powerful resentment, yin energy, evil spirit...

All kinds of negative forces surged out.

Apparently. The woman was trying to repair her arms.

Unfortunately, the opposite happened.

Although "Yu"'s power is weaker than Jingke's, he still has the potential to be the second spiritual sword.

Facing such an evil thing, after being baptized by the sword energy of this second spiritual sword, it was naturally not as easy to recover as usual.

"Damn...damn..."

Bi Xianzi let out a shrill roar. He looked like he was irritated.

However, Zhuo Yi did not give her any chance to explode.

"Next sword. Disappear..."

A "chi" sound.

Another sword strike. Bi Xianzi's eyes widened in shock. "Yu"'s sword tip had already pierced her head.

The powerful sword energy swept through Bi Xianzi's body. Her body was reduced to ashes on the spot and dissipated directly.

This ghost, which was claimed to have been recovered by the Jiugong family at great cost, completely disappeared from the earth.

At the moment Bi Xianzi's body shattered, a beam of sunlight happened to fall from the sky, shining on the place where Bi Xianzi disappeared...

Through the sunlight, the ghost's disappeared ashes swirled in the air, and then quickly dissipated with the wind.

The picture looks a bit beautiful.

"This may be the light of the righteous path..." Zhuo Yi laughed at himself inwardly.

At this time. Zhuo Yi rechecks the scene.

Suddenly I noticed that there seemed to be a Stone Spear on the ground...

"Eh? Where did the Stone Spear come from?" Zhuo Yi picked up the Stone Spear. He felt curious.

In fact. At the same time that Zhuo Yi killed Bi Xianzi.

There are other ghosts released in the replica {Ghost Book}.

They were planning to attack from behind.

But before he could do anything, a Stone Spear came from nowhere, like a Stone Spear falling from the sky... and penetrated them like a candied haws.

Because the sudden death was so fast, Zhuo Yi didn't notice it at all.

Bi Xianzi at least left some fly ashes. These ghosts that were skewered with candied haws by Stone Spear left no trace at all.

He squatted on the ground. Suddenly he couldn't help laughing.

I know it. This should be Master's handiwork...

At this time, Jiugong Liangzi stared in astonishment and walked out of the hall in surprise.

She just witnessed everything in the main hall.

"Zhuo Yi! You..."

"What's wrong?" Zhuo Yi smiled: "I told you, nothing will happen."

"But you...are just Golden Core!"

"As long as you find the right method. Golden Core can still win."

Zhuo Yi shrugged nonchalantly. Then he carefully looked at Jiugong Liangzi in front of him: "Jiugong, are you really okay? Your eyes are very red. It's not because you were worried about me just now. Did you cry?"

"I...I'm not worried about you!" Jiugong Liangzi snorted.





Chapter 1469 This chapter is back!


Although he said that, when Jiugong Liangzi saw Zhuo Yi rising to the challenge.

She suddenly felt as if something was violently twitching in her heart.

The man in front of me is a liar recognized by the Jiugong family.

Cunning, treacherous, dirty, old liar...

Since Jiugong Liangzi learned the name Zhuo Yi six years ago, these words have almost become the Jiugong family's stereotype of Zhuo Yi.

She is the eldest daughter of the Jiugong family. In order to restore the family's glory, she opened up the Jiugong family's market and came to Huaxiu Junior High School.

Only the Jiugong family can experience that kind of hatred that wants to kill Zhuo Yi quickly.

But now, the girl realizes that things don't seem to be what she thought...

As one of the future successors of the Jiugong family, Jiugong Liangzi naturally knows how strong Bi Xianzi is.

It was a ghost whose strength was infinitely close to Itinerant Immortal. It was composed of powerful resentment.

The Jiugong family spent so much money to capture them back then. But now they were wiped out by Zhuo Yi's sword...

Could it be that the person who killed Thuntihan Ha six years ago was really Zhuo Yi?

And his true realm is actually more than just Golden Core.

At this time, Jiugong Liangzi was in a complicated mood.

She suddenly felt that this man who had clearly been "labeled" by the Jiugong family suddenly became mysterious.

But now is not the time to talk about this.

Zhuo Yi. It's just a problem outside the Jiugong family.

Jiugong Liangzi came to Huaxiu this time just to solve external problems.

Unexpectedly, the external problems were not solved.

It actually caused internal problems in the Jiugong family...

On the contrary, it made Zhuo Yi laugh.

At this time.

Zhuo Yi has also captured two other accomplices of the leading man.

Their faces were pale. Although they were not injured, the Yin Qi entered their bodies, making them tremble all over. They wanted to take the opportunity to escape, but in the end they couldn't even walk.

"You'd better be honest." Zhuo Yi looked at the three of them with a smile: "You have also seen my strength. It's easy to catch you. Besides, this is Huaxiu Country, not Sun Island."

"You...are you really Zhuo Yi?" On the ground, the man wearing black earrings gasped laboriously.

Because Zhuo Yi took action in time and saved his life.

If the elixir hadn't entered his body in time, he might have been drained of his life force by Bi Xianzi...

"I am Zhuo Yi."

Zhuo Yi did not deny identity.

Now that things have happened, there is no need to be more pretentious.

He showed his cards.

"If there are any extra words, let's talk about it later. Now you need to answer Jiugong's question." Zhuo Yi stared at the three people and voluntarily gave up the interrogation part to Jiugong Liangzi.

His eyes were always wary and vigilant.

Once these people try to fight back and attack the girl, he will not hesitate to use his sword...

But for now, fighting against these three people is only a small probability event.

Jiugong Liangzi walked over. She saw the other two people who were not injured, and their faces were pale.

Suddenly there was a trace of doubt in my heart.

When Bi Xianzi first appeared, they were clearly in the same environment.

But why... didn't she feel any discomfort?

Could it be...Zhuo Yi?

Jiugong Liangzi is not a fool.

She thought of the only possibility. Her cheeks suddenly felt hot again.

So as she walked over, the girl took off her bulky black cloak, intending to cool herself down.

The white off-shoulder short sleeves and ultra-short jeans reveal Jiugong Liangzi's good figure at a glance.

Because the cloak was not breathable, the short sleeves on the girl's body were slightly soaked with sweat, and the snow-white chest strap was faintly exposed.

Zhuo Yi's eyes widened when he saw it. He thought to himself that besides the dark style of dressing up, this girl also has such a side...

Perhaps he sensed Zhuo Yi's attention. Jiugong Liangzi quickly covered himself and glared at Zhuo Yi.

Zhuo Yi smiled bitterly. He quickly took off his suit jacket and put it on the girl.

His suits have always been very thin, and they fit just right.

"Who wants to wear your stuff..."

The girl's temper has not changed.

The mouth says no, but the body is very honest.

Zhuo Yi feels like I'm getting used to it.

She tightened her suit jacket tightly and then stared at the three people in front of her.

These three people know each other fairly well.

After the leading man regained his strength, he also stood up. The three of them knelt neatly in front of Jiugong Liangzi in a kneeling posture.

"First. Name." Jiugong Liangzi's voice returned to that cold tone.

"My name is Masahide Inoue. They all call me Viagra."

The man wearing black earrings said: "The two next to me are my younger brothers. In fact, they are not people who work for the Jiugong family. They are just doing things normally. I will ask them to go out together. I also help them get tattoos." Tattooed. The one on the left is codenamed Maca. The one on the right is called Lik."

Zhuo Yi: "So you are collectively called: the aphrodisiac trio?"

"Don't interrupt..."

Jiugong Liangzi glanced at Zhuo Yi. Then he stared at these people condescendingly: "I'm only going to ask you once. Which side are you from?"

"Miss. You know. We can't say..."

Masahiro Inoue looked bitter: "Since I am a member of the Jiugong family, I must be cursed by a ghost. So the eldest lady can try to guess..."

"eh... I guess you know the truth."

Jiugong Liangzi nodded. She believed what Inoue Zhengwei said.

If you betray your master like this, there will indeed be risks.

But as long as you don't say your name or write it down, you'll be fine.

The safest way is to guess.

But actually it's not that difficult if you really want to reason.

How many people in Jiugong's family have the courage to directly attack her, the eldest daughter?

Since these three people do not belong to the second brother Jiugong Xiushi, then the only ones left are...

"It's the Sixth Mistress, isn't it." Jiugong Liangzi said.

Masahiro Inoue did not dare to speak. He just nodded.

After getting the definite answer, Jiugong Liangzi immediately felt relieved: "Don't worry. It doesn't matter that you are afraid and don't have the guts to say anything more now. It's about the curse. I will be responsible for removing it for you when I get back. But as a condition." You have to tell me everything you know. And from today on, you have to remember that the three of you are dead. Do you understand?"

"I understand. Miss!"

Inoue Masahide had tears in his eyes.

He would never have thought that the eldest lady would ignore the past grudges and treat them with kindness and resentment...

"Is the sixth wife you are talking about the one your father married just last year?" At this time, Zhuo Yi couldn't help but ask.

"Yes."

Jiugong Liangzi nodded: "This is my father's youngest wife so far. And she is pregnant. It is said that she is a baby boy."

"That's it." Zhuo Yi understood instantly: "It seems that the sixth wife's ambition is not small."

"I have long suspected that she came in with a purpose. Moreover, I have some evidence."

"Evidence? Could it be that she is not pregnant at all? Or is it that the child in her belly is not actually your father's?"

"How do you know..."

When Jiugong Liangzi and the three people on the ground heard this, their pupils were shocked.

Zhuo Yi shrugged: "Isn't that how it works in house fighting dramas?"

Jiugong Liangzi snorted: "Ha... you know! In fact, I am just testing to see if you are that smart!"

Looking at the man and woman who seemed to be flirting in front of him, Inoue Masahide hesitated to speak: "Miss...I'm here. Actually, there is another problem. I don't know if I should talk about it or not."

Jiugong Liangzi: "Say."

Masahide Inoue: "The relationship between you and Mr. Zhuo is..."

The next second. The two of them made different sounds at the same time.

Jiugong Liangzi: "He is my senior."

Zhuo Yi: "She is my girlfriend."

Jiugong Liangzi blushed instantly. He stared at Zhuo Yi: "Who is your girlfriend! Shameless..."





Chapter 1470 The Gift of the 9th House


"I understand..." Inoue Masahide nodded seriously.

Everyone knows that Miss Liangzi is a well-known tsundere.

If you deny it, it means...

"No! You don't understand!"

Jiugong Liangzi stared at Masahiro Inoue: "Although I promised to let you go, you have to remember. Don't make me angry. Otherwise, the consequences will be serious. Do you understand?"

"I understand..." Viagra nodded, like a chicken pecking at rice.

For him, there is no need to explain now.

Because the situation is already clear.

Miss Jiugong Liangzi. She is obviously anxious!

If there wasn't another connection behind it, would it be necessary to explain in such a hurry...

If it was a few days ago, there would be no second possibility for Jiugong Liangzi to blush.

That was 100% due to my hatred for the old liar Zhuo after hearing the name "Zhuo Yi."

But now the girl's face is red and her ears are red. It does have another meaning.

Because Zhuo Yi is different from what she imagined. Not only is he not a liar, he is also a truly capable man.

In just six years, it is impossible to reach this level of cultivation no matter what...

Therefore, Jiugong Liangzi infers that Zhuo Yi's Golden Core is definitely an act. His true strength is definitely more than that.

But currently, Jiugong Liangzi has not found the reason why Zhuo Yi hides his realm.

Maybe in the beginning, he came here with the intention of keeping a low profile. He was just accidentally discovered?

And the "boy" the Day-traveling ghost was talking about was most likely a witness at the scene...

So from the very beginning, did the entire Jiugong family actually misunderstand Zhuo Yi?

If his speculation is true, then who is the boy that the Day-traveling ghost saw?

"It seems."

"We still have to find that dead fish eye."

At this time, Jiugong Liangzi was thinking.

Her train of thought was still very clear. She had no intention of giving up looking for Wang Ling.

Boys and girls at this age are always very curious.

After this unexpected incident, Jiugong Liangzi began to be wary of the Jiugong children he claimed to have carefully selected from Sun Island to help him in his work.

There is definitely a mole in the villa. It's just that it's not yet certain who the mole is.

Although the private doctor named "Mucun Dahe" is suspected, there is currently no conclusive evidence for the girl.

"So. What are you going to do next?"

Zhuo Yi looked at the girl. There was an unspeakable doting in his eyes.

"Let's find a way first. Settle the three of them nearby. I will send people to guard and protect them." Jiugong Liangzi said.

"The mole just happened to be sent here, right?" Zhuo Yi laughed.

"Don't worry. This time he is my confidant. You should have seen him in school before."

"Oh. I remembered. You mean. Your female bodyguard?"

"Her name is Junko. She's been with me since I was little. There won't be any problem."

"Understood."

Zhuo Yi crossed his arms. He thought for a moment. Suddenly he realized that he had found an opportunity to get close to the girl: "But have you ever thought about it. If you send her out, what will you do?"

This question made the girl fall into silence.

What Zhuo Yi said actually makes sense...

So far, Jiugong Liangzi still doesn't know the reason for the riot in the replica {Ghost Book}.

Just in case there is another problem later, do it when no one is around.

I'm afraid she will die ugly...

The girl did not expect that the ancestral magic weapon that she regarded as the most powerful magic weapon and relied deeply on it would suddenly turn into a time bomb.

"To be honest, with a ghost of that level just now, your female bodyguard is useless by your side. So I suggest you. It's better to hire new people."

"Rehire?" Jiugong Liangzi frowned: "Money is not a problem. But where should I find someone..."

"Me." Zhuo Yi pointed to himself: "Good quality and low price. I'm always available. Jiugong doesn't have to worry about my work. Even if I'm at work, my spirit sword can lock the enemy from thousands of miles away." , precise strike. It is more than enough to protect your safety within the territory of Huaxiu."

In fact, Zhuo Yi is a humble statement.

"Yu" is the second spiritual sword on the sword list. In fact, every corner of the earth can be taken care of. The scope is not just the country of Huaxiu.

"you?"

The corners of Jiugong Liangzi's mouth twitched.

She lamented in her heart the shamelessness of the man in front of her...

I came to Huaxiu country by myself. Obviously I came to investigate him! I came to seek revenge!

This girl is great. Not only is she not hiding from her, but she is also planning to stick to her as her bodyguard... This is outrageous!

"The food in the cafeteria of your Hundred Schools General Administration is so good. How can I make you so shameless?" Jiugong Liangzi glanced at Zhuo Yi with disdain.

That's what she said. But in her heart, she felt that this plan seemed pretty good...

Since Zhuo Yi's combat power is not as bad as the legend says, protecting her safety is indeed not a problem.

In addition, if Zhuo Yi had been by her side, it might be easier for her to investigate the whereabouts of the "dead fish-eyed boy."

Jiugong Liangzi always has an intuition.

She felt that there must be a connection between Zhuo Yi and that boy.

Maybe they even know each other!

"How's it going?" At this time, Zhuo Yi looked at the girl with a smile. He was looking forward to the answer.

"According to the market price, with your fighting power, your monthly salary must be at least 100 million. Our Jiugong family has limited funds. I'm afraid..."

"It doesn't cost that much. Just give it to me at the normal Golden Core price." Zhuo Yi smiled.

The bargain was successful. The girl showed a proud smile. Then the smile instantly disappeared from her face.

She crossed her arms and assumed the familiar posture of a young lady. She looked at Zhuo Yi and said, "Then, I will reluctantly give you the gift of being my bodyguard. But you are only responsible for my safety. Other things. You are not allowed to ask any questions."

"No problem."Zhuo Yi nodded with satisfaction.

"Okay. Let's go to the hotel. I checked. The nearby Holiday Inn Gujie Hotel is more affordable."

"hotel?"

Zhuo Yi looked at Jiugong Liangzi with a sense of surprise.

"What? Is there a problem? Is the hotel closed?"

"No..." Zhuo Yi smiled evilly: "That's it, classmate Jiugong. I'm only responsible for safety issues. But if you rent a room, it's another price."

"Who wants to book a room with you! I will never book a room with you in my life! Stop dreaming!"

Jiugong Liangzi's face suddenly lit up again. She shouted loudly: "I said. Of course you and I escorted these three people to the hotel together!!!"

This attempt to hide one's shyness by shouting made Zhuo Yi's heart beat wildly again.

Since he became famous, there are actually many girls around him.

Secretary Boss Sun sometimes recommends some beauties among civil servants to him and introduces him to his girlfriend.

I have seen a lot of beautiful girls Zhuo Yi.

But being as cute as Liangzi is really rare.

"It's just a joke. Jiugong, please don't be angry."

Same as before. Zhuo Yi apologized quickly: "Then. Let's go."

It's so quick to offend someone...and it's so quick to apologize...

So, Jiugong Liangzi wanted to curse, but couldn't.

However, the group of people was about to leave in front of the Taoist temple. The girl stopped again: "Well...I suddenly thought of something."

Zhuo Yi asked softly: "What's the matter?"

Jiugong Liangzi: "I want to block the news about these three people. So I can't pay the hotel room fee for the time being... Can you pay it in advance? I will add it to yours when I do the accounting later. In the salary."

"Okay."

The Zhuo Yi agreed readily, "Flesh compensation is fine."

"Pervert!"

Jiugong Liangzi took a deep breath. He pinched his slightly trembling fists and kicked Zhuo Yi's calves hard. Then he quickly rushed out the door.

Zhuo Yi chased behind: "It feels so comfortable! Classmate Jiugong! Come on a few more times!"

Jiugong Liangzi: "Shameless..."





Chapter 1471 The Secret of Liangzi in the 9th Palace


Holiday Inn Gujie is a time-honored brand on Xiu Zhen Cultivation Street. It was the first hotel established after the ancient street entered the business model.

Huaguo Shuilian Group has a stake. And Zhuo Yi happens to have friends in this hotel.

Since Jiugong Liangzi wants to conceal the identities of these three people and create the illusion that they died unexpectedly, it is completely unrealistic to use the temporary ID cards or passports of these three people to register.

Fortunately. Everything has Zhuo Yi.

It's just a matter of saying hello.

Check in first. After two days Zhuo Yi will send someone to get the new ID cards of the three Viagra people. It is similar to the international "tainted witness protection mechanism." It can completely hide all clues about these three people.

"It's all done."Zhuo Yi said with a serious face.

He helped Jiugong Liangzi to take everything into consideration, and also secretly called a few brothers of the Office of Strategic Deception to come over to keep an eye on them, arranging a room right next to the three-person room that Viagra and the others were staying in.

The left and right rooms and the location of the opposite door have all been booked by Zhuo Yi.

Of course. Jiugong Liangzi doesn't know these things.

To be honest, so many things happened suddenly this time. Jiugong Liangzi felt that even if he was lucky enough to escape Bi Xianzi, he would still be in a hurry.

If there is no Zhuo Yi. the situation may be more complicated.

She looked at Zhuo Yi helplessly. She actually wanted to say thank you. But she happened to see Zhuo Yi's eyes staring at her. She quickly turned her blushing face away: "Huh! Don't use this. Look at me with squinting eyes. This is what you should do as a bodyguard."

This is obviously not an angry voice. Zhuo Yi From this slightly playful voice, you can feel the girl's gratitude to him and the cuteness of the girl herself.

"Understood." Zhuo Yi nodded. His eyes were full of tenderness.

He had never believed what it was like to fall in love at first sight...

Now. He knows.

But emotional matters cannot be rushed. Although he is teasing, moderate teasing is the catalyst...excessive teasing.

On the contrary, the opposite effect will occur.

So in the next period of time, Zhuo Yi will behave very seriously.

Relaxation and moderation is the way to go.

As for opening a room...that's just talk.

Even if he and the girl really lived in a house, it was impossible to really do anything to Jiugong Liangzi.

After all, she is not yet an adult!

At this time, the two of them were sitting on the mahogany sofa in the hotel lobby, each with their own thoughts in mind.

Soon the girl's phone rang. It was the female bodyguard.

Jiugong Liangzi quickly picked up: "Junko. Where are you?"

"I'm sorry, Miss. I'm still going through extension procedures at the Immigration Bureau. I have to go to the hospital later. I remember I asked for leave from you yesterday. I just saw your message. But I may not be able to make it today. The way you came here..."

Jiugong Liangzi held her forehead. She didn't expect that she would forget about it: "How much time do you need?"

"If you hurry, we can arrive before six o'clock tomorrow morning. I can only ask the lady to look after it for a while."

"..."

After pressing the phone, Jiugong Liangzi fell into silence.

In this case, she has to stay in this hotel for one night...

"Want to stay one night?" Zhuo Yi asked.

Zhuo Yi has a high level of cultivation. It's not surprising that he has good hearing.

Jiugong Liangzi glanced at Zhuo Yi and sneered: "What are you planning?"

"I am a gentleman."

Zhuo Yi Xiaoxiao: "If Jiugong wants to stay, I will arrange a room. But the three-person suite that Awei and three people live in are both full next door and opposite. I will arrange a room diagonally opposite. Are two single rooms okay?"

"Two single rooms?"

Jiugong Liangzi showed contempt in his eyes.

She doesn't know why...

The man in front of him suddenly became serious.

Zhuo Yi looked at the girl in front of him and raised his eyebrows: "Or maybe Jiugong wants to be with me..."

Before he finished speaking, he was directly interrupted by Jiugong Liangzi: "Stop it! There are only two single rooms. This is good! When Junko comes tomorrow morning, you come with me and return the extra room. It's over. But I still have to use your ID card to open the room..."

"Understood..."Zhuo Yi nodded. He obeyed.

The girl thought he needed an ID card to register. In fact, Zhuo Yi did not need it at all.

And just when he turned his back to explain the situation to the hotel owner.

Jiugong Liangzi buried his face deeply in his knees on the mahogany sofa...

She has a reason why she absolutely cannot show her ID card.

Because this is. her secret.

...

On the other side. Cold Weapon Shop. The Stone Spear thrown by Wang Ling directly opened a large hole in the ceiling of the weapon shop.

This is not the original intention of Wang Ling.

He planned to deliberately slip his hand when throwing it, and then get the snack coupon.

The result was in the direction he threw it. I happened to see something happening over there at Zhuo Yi... so I helped out.

He used his power carefully. He was afraid that he would use too much force and cause the Stone Spear to fly over his head.

Fortunately, the ghosts released in Jiugong's {Ghost Book} were powerful enough and happened to stand in a straight row, forming a force of resistance that perfectly blocked the subsequent impact of the Stone Spear.

"Wang Ling...Are you so powerful?" Guo Hao and others all showed incredulous expressions.

And soon. Zhuo Yi had sent people over there to bring back the thrown Stone Spear.

As soon as Guo Hao got it, he immediately smiled and realized something was wrong: "I see..."

"What's going on?" Li Youyue was curious.

Guo Hao then threw the Stone Spear to Li Youyue.

"You're going to die...such a heavy thing!" Li Youyue took it with both hands. After taking it, she was surprised to find that the Stone Spear was as light as a feather in her hands.

"This is it!" It was only then that Li Youyue suddenly realized.

"The perfect use of {{Light Body Technique}. I didn't expect that Wang Ling would use Light Body Technique in such a place." Guo Hao said with a smile.

If this spell is used, the weight of the Stone Spear changes, making the Stone Spear as light as a feather. Then it is not surprising that it can fly such a long distance.

Even with the power of the Foundation Building stage, it can be done.

Of course. This {Light Body Technique} was not used by Wang Ling. It was Zhuo Yi who guessed the origin of the Stone Spear after seeing it.

Then as the first disciple of Wang Ling, Zhuo Yi directly cast this spell on Stone Spear without saying a word to help Wang Ling cover.

There is no need for text messages to communicate. There is no need for voice transmission thousands of miles away.

This is an invisible tacit understanding between master and disciple.

"But this is considered cheating...does it still count?" At this time, Guo Hao looked at the store manager and asked.

"..." The store manager smiled.

Use spells. This is of course not allowed...

In fact, no matter what score Wang Ling loses, he can eventually qualify for the snack lottery.

Because that was originally the plan arranged by Mr. Boss Sun.

But others don't know this.

So Sun Rong quickly turned his attention.

She didn't say anything. She just stared at the store manager. The store manager broke into a cold sweat.

Store manager: "I didn't say..."

Sun Rong: "So?"

Store manager: "So. This is not cheating. It's just a reasonable use of magic..."

Sun Rong smiled. Continue to stare at him.

The store manager wiped his sweat and continued: "Congratulations to classmate Wang Ling for winning the first prize of a marrow cleansing pill. In addition, as a reward for the reasonable use of spells... classmate Wang Ling will receive a gift from our store. 100 snack raffle tickets."

very good.

Sun Rong nodded with satisfaction.





Chapter 1472 Sun Rong's Love Rival Radar


The goal was achieved. Wang Ling is in a good mood.

Everyone left the cold weapon store with satisfaction. Before leaving, Sun Rong handed a note to the manager of the store.

After reading this, the store manager quickly wiped the cold sweat from his forehead.

He quickly summoned an employee and passed this note over: "Quickly, notify me. As the lady said, prepare immediately..."

"Have you noticed it, Miss?"

"It's expected. Miss is a very smart person. If you are caught with even the slightest loophole, there will be problems."

On the other side. Wang Ling stared at the jade bottle in his hand and fell into silence.

Marrow Cleansing Pill...

This thing is actually just a jelly bean to him. It has no other use.

The normal marrow-cleansing pill is a pill that purifies spiritual roots. It keeps the meridians in a cultivator's body clean, thus assisting in accelerating practice. It has a miraculous effect on the practice of low-level people.

Because the lower the level of a cultivator, the worse the environment in the body will be, and the more impurities will be discharged.

This is why many practitioners in the Foundation Building stage will have black and sticky substances appear on their bodies after taking the Marrow Cleansing Pill.

These are toxins that have been in the body for a long time.

But for Wang Ling...

With his constitution, nothing can be washed out.

This marrow-cleansing pill will actually be more helpful to other people.

So Wang Ling decided in his heart to find an opportunity to split the marrow-cleansing pill into two pills and give them to them.

After getting along for more than half a semester, Chen Chao and Guo Hao have become Wang Ling's best friends.

Send some gifts. Of course.

At this time, Chen Chao and Guo Hao's faces were full of envy.

It's a pity that they don't know {Light Body Technique}. So they can't throw the Stone Spear farther away.

On the way to the flagship store of Gansu Noodles in Gujie, both of them were feeling emotional.

Wang Ling is indeed the mascot of the class...it is simply the only koi carp in the world of cultivation!

But having said that, they did feel that the atmosphere on the ancient street today seemed a bit strange... but they just couldn't pinpoint what was strange.

No matter where they go, the store staff will stare at them with smiling expressions and good attitude.

Chen Chao even wondered if someone would provide toilet paper service if he went to the toilet by himself.

"You said...are the people on this ancient street related to the Huaguo Shuilian Group?" Chen Chao discussed with Guo Hao in a low voice on the way.

"That's not true..." Guo Hao shook his head after hearing this.

The main reason is that Sun Rong came out this time. Indeed, I didn't say hello in advance. There has long been no battle like in the past.

Chen Chao, Guo Hao, and Li Youyue are like a mirror in their hearts.

This is obviously a girl learning low-key behavior from someone.

But how much will it cost to replace the entire street with people from the Huaguo Shuilian Group?

This was a "low-key trip" for them. Guo Hao felt that Sun Rong had no reason to do that.

On the other side, Wang Ling and others walked out of the Stone Spear store. Jiang Yingying walked in with Wei Zhi on the back.

The store manager glanced at Jiang Yingying warily. Then he walked over with a smile: "Welcome, you two."

Seeing Jiang Yingying hesitating, Wei Zhi sighed and said first, "That's right. We also want to participate in this Stone Spear throwing event."

"Also! Can I ask...what rewards did those people get?" When this question was asked, Jiang Yingying felt her face flush. She felt like she was a slut following behind.

"This is confidential." The store manager smiled and said, "We are not in a position to disclose customer privacy. In addition, if you participate in the Stone Spear throwing activity, it will cost 1,000 yuan per time."

"Eh? Isn't it possible to try it for free in the first round...and why is it 1,000! Isn't it 100!"

Jiang Yingying and Wei Zhi were both surprised.

Because when the two of them were eavesdropping outside the door, that's not what the store staff said at all!

"Because the previous prizes have been taken away, the prizes prepared later are of higher value, which is equivalent to increasing the prize pool. Of course, the price will also increase. And the daily free qualifications for the Stone Spear throwing event. We are limited to the first one A batch of customers participated." The store manager smiled.

Such "targeted measures" were actually arranged on the small note that Sun Rong just handed him.

All I can say is that Sun Rong is too alert.

Since integrating Aohai's combat power, Sun Rong's perception ability has long been different from ordinary people. Therefore, no matter how Jiang Yingying disguises herself, her aura has been recognized by Aohai before.

Therefore. There is no way to escape the sight of Sun Rong.

Sun Ying'er calls this ability: love rival radar...

What stands out is the principle of precision and nipping problems in the bud.

To put it simply, it can be roughly summed up in one sentence: That is, you can chase boldly, but you will be clearly arranged by me on the way to chase...

However, although it is "intentionally targeted", it cannot be made too obvious.

The store manager finally gave Jiang Yingying a preferential treatment: "Because the lady is so beautiful, you can buy one and get one free for the first order. The more times you buy the first order, we can consider doubling it directly."

"That group of people just now. If you can't tell me what the prizes are, you can tell me how many prizes they won, right?" Jiang Yingying thought of Sun Rong walking out with a smile on his face. He couldn't help but feel something in his heart. A kind of fire.

She doesn't want to lose to this evil capitalist girl!

To be honest, the store manager was stunned for a moment after hearing this question.

Because the person who just threw the first prize was not Sun Rong.

But obviously. The lady in front of me seems to have misunderstood...

But... it doesn't matter anymore.

His mission is to lock this "fake couple" firmly in his store.

So. The store manager smiled and said: "It's the first prize! It needs to be thrown 5000 meters to reach the standard! Since the first prize just now was taken away, the new first prize is the best Foundation Building Dan."

The best Foundation Building pill???

Wei Zhi and Jiang Yingying were stunned when they heard this.

This thing is really worth a lot of money!

The market value of a high-end Foundation Building pill on the market is 5 million per pill, which is nearly the price of a house.

The best Foundation Building elixir. It needs to be doubled at least. It's worth tens of millions of dollars...

This cold weapon shop is really not normal!

How could such a big reward be used as a bet...

So Wei Zhi immediately thought of two possibilities.

The first situation is that the prize may be fake.

The second situation is the merchant's routine. Provide a sufficiently attractive reward and then ask people to complete impossible tasks.

5000m Stone Spear Throw. Can it really be done...

"Yingying. How about we forget it." Wei Zhi said calmly.

However, Jiang Yingying could still hear Wei Zhi's words: "I don't want it! 5000 meters! She can do it. Why can't I..."

Then the girl stared at the store manager with a serious expression: "5000 meters, right? I'll buy 30 times first!"

30 times. That's thirty thousand yuan...

For a girl with a small amount of savings, it is definitely a huge amount of money.

But Jiang Yingying feels that he can get his money back!

Doubled in the first round. Then she has sixty chances.

It's only 5000 meters. Sun Rong can do it. So can she!

As long as she gets this top-quality Foundation Building Pill, she will be able to turn over!

"Okay, Miss. Thank you for your patronage." The store manager smiled.

After completing the payment process, he took the initiative to take out a Stone Spear and handed it to Jiang Yingying.

The moment Stone Spear was put into his hands, the heavy weight was instantly transferred to his hand. Jiang Yingying felt that she almost knelt down on the spot...

Why is this Stone Spear. so heavy!





Chapter 1473 Just draw cards


Previously, Jiang Xiaoche witnessed everything that happened when Ah Wei and others went to the Taoist temple.

It's just that he didn't know what happened inside the Taoist temple.

Then, he saw Zhuo Yi walking out of the Taoist temple with a girl with very flat breasts. Jiang Xiaoche thought the girl looked familiar, but for a moment he couldn't think of where he had seen her before.

On the contrary, the three Jiugong family members followed the two of them obediently.

There was something wrong with their condition. Their faces turned pale, as if they were frightened by something.

Who is this girl?Zhuo Yi and why are you here...

So with curiosity, Jiang Xiaoche followed all the way to the door of the Holiday Inn on Gujie. He murmured in his heart: "It turns out I'm not here for Yingying..."

To be cautious, he did not go in directly. He just noted down where a few people stopped.

Then turn back to Jiang Yingying's location.

Now the ancient streets are full of people from the Huaguo Shuilian Group. It is very convenient for him as a secretary-general to inquire about his whereabouts.

"Yes. Secretary General, that girl is still in my store." The manager of the cold weapon store secretly connected with Jiang Xiaoche.

"Why is she still here..." Jiang Xiaoche's mouth twitched.

"It will probably take a long time. This girl bought 30 Stone Spear throwing opportunities. We also gave her 30 more times. And then this girl just threw to a distance of 66 meters. Because it is an auspicious number, we gave her 66 more times."

"How long will it take to vote..." Jiang Xiaoche said with embarrassment, "You won't be able to persuade me?"

"I tried to persuade him. And the boyfriend who came with him also tried to persuade me. She refused to give up. She said that the eldest lady can throw 5,000 meters. She can do it too. She has to surpass the eldest lady." The store manager said.

"..." Jiang Xiaoche was shocked after hearing this.

He and Jiang Yingying pretended to be a couple. Didn't they just come here to cause trouble?

Why is this little girl still competing with the eldest lady...

Suddenly Jiang Xiaoche discovered.

In a sense, Jiang Yingying is quite similar to myself.

Originally I was going fishing, but as I kept fishing, I became the fish being caught...

"Calculate for me how long it will take for her to survive."

"Under normal circumstances, it can be completed within 2 hours."

"It takes so long?"

"Because there aren't many Stone Spears in the store. If you throw them out, you have to pick them up again."

"..."

At this time, the store manager looked at Jiang Yingying's throwing record and sighed: "Miss Jiang is currently on the eighth throw and is resting... But I think it's better for the secretary-general not to get involved in this matter."

"What do you mean?" Jiang Xiaoche was a little unhappy. He did things by himself and asked an employee to give instructions?

"Because this is what the eldest lady means."

The store manager said: "The eldest lady seems to have noticed this stalking girl. So let's find a way to keep her in the store. I can only follow your orders."

"This stupid girl..."

After listening to this, Jiang Xiaoche suddenly had a bitter expression on his face.

At this time, the store manager asked again: "So, does the secretary-general have any questions now? As long as it does not conflict with the tasks assigned by the eldest lady, I can help with other things."

As an employee of the group, he certainly doesn't want to offend either party.

In desperation, Jiang Xiaoche had no choice but to say: "Since it is the lady who asked her to stay in the store, I would like you to keep an eye on her. Also, you have to keep an eye on his fake boyfriend for me."

He had a hunch that something might happen on the ancient street today. It would be safer to let Jiang Yingying stay in the store.

The Cold Weapon Shop is all our own. I don't expect that the fake boyfriend will do anything strange in front of everyone.

"Secretary-General, please rest assured." The store manager nodded.

"In addition, you have to replenish her strength. This Stone Spear is very heavy. You must not let her get hurt, you know. If this girl gets hurt, I can't protect you... Even if the old man takes action, the most he can do is push you out. Being cannon fodder..."

"Does this girl have another identity?" the store manager wondered.

He looked at Jiang Yingying. He didn't look like a lavish spender...

Mainly because Jiang Yingying was in the payment process just now. The store manager accidentally glanced at the balance in Jiang Yingying's mobile wallet.

Including the expenses paid out, the total deposit is only about 80,000. It is far worse than the eldest lady.

"I'm telling you. But you are not allowed to leak it." Jiang Xiaoche said.

"Okay. Secretary-General." The store manager nodded.

Jiang Xiaoche took a deep breath and said, "His grandfather is Marshal Jiang...yes. That's the one. Martial Saint."

Store manager: "..."

The call was interrupted. Jiang Xiaoche felt a lot more relieved now.

If someone helps keep an eye on it, he won't need to be so worried.

Moreover, the store manager now knows Jiang Yingying's identity. There is no need to worry about service attitude.

However, Jiang Xiaoche still felt that there was something strange about the content of the call just now...

--etc!

He remembered that the store manager just said that the eldest lady's Stone Spear threw 5000 meters...

It's not like Jiang Xiaoche has never played with that stuff before. Under normal circumstances, a Foundation Building period can do this?

Therefore, if it is not cheating, then the most likely result is that the eldest lady hides her own strength.

Of course, so far, he has no conclusive evidence.

Jiang Xiaoche discovered that although he came today with the purpose of secretly protecting Jiang Yingying, he seemed to have a lot of unexpected gains...

...

On the other side, Wang Ling walked out of the snack shop satisfied. All the lottery tickets had been consumed.

Basically, Wang Ling can choose from all the special flavored versions of crispy noodles available in the store on the ancient street, and he drew almost 100 boxes of samples, all of which are special flavored limited editions.

Because there are not enough in the store, 99 boxes of them will be produced from other places and delivered directly to the Wang family's villa.

So now Wang Ling only has one box in hand.

If it's 20 packs, it can be eaten in the next two days...

Mainly the taste is different.

Wang Ling doesn't know why. This crispy noodle flagship store seems to have a lot of special flavors. He has never tasted them before.

"I understand the truth. So what exactly are the roasted silkworm chrysalis-flavored crispy noodles... Are you sure this thing is edible?" Everyone walked out. Guo Hao saw the bag of new noodles in Wang Ling's hand. It tastes like crispy noodles. I immediately felt a strong taste.

"The roasted silkworm chrysalises are delicious. They are very famous in the winter market. They are full of protein." Li Youyue said with a smile.

At this time, she saw Wang Ling take out a shiny thing from the dry noodles.

"Wang Ling drew something again..."

Everyone was surprised.

After all, snacks like crispy noodles often have activities where cards can be exchanged for prizes. So it is not strange for small cards to appear.

But this card... is so flashy!

It's a flash card with golden light!

Everyone calmed down.

Then I saw the words engraved by laser on the card: Holiday Inn Ancient Street Presidential Suite Annual Card...

Wang Ling was shocked: "?"

These days, you get a room card for eating crispy noodles???





Chapter 1474 Let's wear Hanfu together!


"That's awesome! It's really a key card... Can you get this kind of thing with instant noodles now?" Guo Hao exclaimed.

Guo Hao and Li Youyue also stared at the glittering golden card with horrified eyes.

In the past, what I drew in the simple noodles were either Water Margin cards, or assembled cards in cooperation with a certain anime IP...

Regarding this, many people probably have special memories. After all, they are all children from that era.

The snacks you spend money on can be wasted and not eaten. But the cards inside must be collected.

Both Chen Chao and Guo Hao remember the enthusiasm they had when collecting the assembly cards of "Pants Pocket Monster."

To this day, they still keep the collection of assembled cards safely in their cabinets.

It's outrageous that a childhood snack can extract room cards...

Now. Sun Rong finally knows how powerful Chen Chao's mouth opening is.

It's obviously a joke. Who knows it will become reality.

In a normal situation, how could you possibly get something like a room card?

So you don't have to think about it to know. This must be Grandpa's masterpiece again...

The scene became awkward for a time.

Chen Chao, Guo Hao, and Li Youyue's thoughts were all racing. They had all received "bribes" from Sun Rong. Breaking the embarrassment and secretly assisting were their main tasks.

"Um...this card can be used as a gift for uncles and aunts. It seems good. Anyway, classmate Wang Ling is not bound yet, right? I think it requires scanning the code to activate. You can only activate it after registering with your identity verification name. "." Li Youyue said first.

In fact, Wang Ling thinks this is indeed a good suggestion.

He remembered that when the two of them were in love, they would often come to this ancient street.

After Father Wang got married, it is said that it seemed that one day on Valentine's Day, the two of them revisited their old place and came here.

And then. Mother Wang got pregnant with him...

This ancient street.

It is actually of extraordinary significance to Wang Ling himself.

It can only be said that fortunately Li Youyue's thinking changes quickly.

"It's good. My uncle and aunt will be very happy." So, Guo Hao continued.

Chen Chao: "Not bad, not bad. Maybe when uncle and aunt come here next time..."

Sun Rong, Guo Hao, Li Youyue: "Shut up!"

Chen Chao: "..."

So. This matter was successfully fooled. Sun Rong breathed a sigh of relief...

But she still wanted to ask what was going on.

Grandpa, it's not like people who are so crooked would be interested in...

Without saying a word, she took a photo of the room card and sent it directly to Boss Sun in a private message.

Over there, Mr. Boss Sun also had a cold smile on his face after receiving the news.

As expected of Rongrong. He noticed it so quickly...

He sighed in his heart. Then he clicked on the picture sent by his precious granddaughter. His face turned dark immediately and he transferred the picture to the "Old Street Subcontracting Plan Working Group" temporarily formed by the group's senior management.

Boss Sun: "I asked you to put the card in there... but I didn't ask you to put the room card! Who is causing this? Come out and admit it!"

"I just said it's not a room key card. No one would put such a thing in snacks."

"Hey, I knew it wasn't the key card. But old man, there's nothing we can do. Being a senior official is overwhelming!"

"This is all Brother Jiang's idea!"

The members of the group started to blame it one after another.

The corners of Boss Sun's mouth twitched.

He knew what Jiang Xiaoche was up to again...

So what does this kid want to do?

Classmate Wang Ling. Where did you offend him? What a helpful young man! What a cute dead fish eye!

Although Mr. Boss Sun was puzzled, he was even a little angry.

But after all, Jiang Xiaoche has been working under him for many years. He doesn't want to break up so quickly.

We can only ask Jiang Xiaoche privately.

On the other side, Jiang Xiaoche was clearly prepared: "Such an old man. That's what I think. Actually, this is a test. It's also a test for classmate Wang Ling, a vigorous adolescent boy. See What kind of reaction will there be after such a thing? Master, aren't you curious at all?"

Jiang Xiaoche's words made Boss Sun fall into silence.

After a long time, Sun Yiyuan frowned and said: "I don't think Wang Ling is such a person. Besides, judging from the current situation, Rongrong just has unrequited love. How could he have wrong thoughts."

"You know people, faces, but not hearts, old man!" Jiang Xiaoche refused to give up.

"So. Do you want to make a bet?" Boss Sun smiled.

"Okay. What do you want to bet on, old man?"

"If you lose. You are not allowed to cause trouble to Wang Ling and Rongrong anymore."

Jiang Xiaoche was silent. He nodded and said, "Okay. Deal."

He knew that he had no choice.

Although the old man spoke politely, he actually had hidden murderous intentions...

This is actually a warning.

Although Jiang Xiaoche is jealous of Wang Ling, he will not throw away his future and career just to confront Wang Ling.

Just this time. If he loses...

Between him and Sun Rong. There is no chance anymore.

After the call ended, Jiang Xiaoche actually felt very complicated inside.

He suddenly felt a little hopeful that he could lose this bet.

If that's the case...

It should be able to completely cut off those undue thoughts about the eldest lady hidden deep in his heart.

He actually knows very well that such an idea is unrealistic.

Maybe it's time to honestly find someone who likes you equally, get married and have children as soon as possible, and let your life settle down...

In the penthouse suite of Holiday Inn Gujie. Jiang Xiaoche was sitting on the sofa, thinking deeply.

...

At the end of Qian Street, the ancient street. The most famous one is undoubtedly the most unique Hanfu experience store here.

Before coming here, both Father Wang and Mother Wang strongly recommended Wang Ling.

Everyone came to this time-honored experience store. The store is actually not big, but there are a lot of customers coming and going.

After all, it is a well-known time-honored brand.

Dress up experience. The most excited people are always the girls.

Li Youyue looked at the people walking out of the experience store. Her eyes were straight. She whispered to Sun Rong in a soft voice: "Rongrong. Did you see the cutest couple with the height difference in front of them?"

"Yeah! I saw it!"

"Doesn't it look good?"

"Good-looking!" Sun Rong said.

"This set of Hanfu is very famous. It is a couple's Hanfu featuring blue and mandarin duck patterns. It is very famous in the ancient streets." Li Youyue said.

"..." Sun Rong felt like this guy was hinting at something to him again.

She also wants to wear an outfit like this with Wang Ling.

But that's not the kind of relationship between them...

Looking at the couple in Hanfu in front of the door, the girl's eyes were full of envy.

She quickly adjusted her thoughts. Then she stepped in first: "Let's go change into Hanfu together. Youyue and I will pick out clothes for you three boys first!"

That's what he said.

In fact, it is mainly for Wang Ling to choose.

Just now when a group of them were at the entrance of the Hanfu store, Sun Rong took a look at the white Hanfu displayed in a sealed glass cabinet.

White embroidered immortal crane suit. All embroidery patterns and patterns are made of gold thread.

Pair it with a long red belt that is the finishing touch. It gives you an immortal feeling.

She imagined how Wang Ling would look like wearing this Hanfu. Her face suddenly felt hot.

"I think classmate Wang Ling looks good in this suit..." Sun Rong said.

"This lady has good taste."

At this time, in the Hanfu experience store, a man wearing linen clothes and dressed like a second brother came over: "I am the guide here. The full name of the Hanfu that the lady just took a fancy to is Izumo Bengyue."

As he said this, he glanced at Wang Ling with a smile: "How about it? Does this classmate Wang want to try it?"

Li Youyue and others thought that Wang Ling would not compromise so easily. They all began to prepare words of persuasion.

The result was beyond everyone's expectation. Wang Ling actually agreed directly.

Wang Ling: "Okay..."

Brother Xiaoer's smile never diminished: "Brother, please follow me to the men's changing area over there. We have someone to change it for you."

Take more pictures.

This is the task assigned to him by Mother Wang...

It is important to complete the task.

It's just a change of clothes.

About ten minutes later.

With the help of the Hanfu store staff, Wang Ling successfully put on this "Izumo and the Moon" suit and walked out of the locker room.

Just a moment...

The originally bustling Hanfu experience store seemed to have frozen even in the air. For a time, countless eyes fell on Wang Ling.

They didn't know who the man in white Hanfu was.

But that kind of immortal energy and vigorous youthful feeling instantly attracted the attention of everyone here...

Sun Rong stared intently at the brand-new boy in front of him.

As if in the stagnant space, the pounding heartbeat beat rhythmically in the girl's heart.

Suddenly. Sun Rong felt a little selfish,

He actually wanted to secretly hide the young man in front of him in his pocket.

Wang Ling!

You are indeed. My treasure...





Chapter 1475 Routines and Counter-Routines


Wang Ling This outfit of Izumo Benyue is really very stylish. He is like a young man walking out of a painting. The golden white crane pattern embroidered on the lower skirt of the Hanfu seems to be spreading his wings under his feet. It seems like getting up.

Sun Rong found many girls secretly taking photos in the Hanfu store.

Taking photos secretly without consent is actually very disrespectful.

But Wang Ling actually doesn't care.

There is an upgraded version of {Great Shielding Technique}. Everything makes him feel reassured.

These candid photos look normal now. But if they want to be spread...the entire photo will be automatically coded.

And after the coding is completed, the images related to Wang Ling will gradually disappear in the memories of these candid photographers.

However, although Wang Ling doesn't care that much, Sun Rong is obviously disgusted with the behavior of those who take secret photos.

"Classmate Wang Ling. Please wait for us in the VIP room!"

Then. Sun Rong directly showed his privileged black card to the store Xiaoer.

Although Brother Xiaoer is from the Huaguo Shuilian Group, his acting skills are very good. After seeing the privileged black card, he was stunned for a while. Then he quickly put on a shocked expression: "Then please follow me..."

The VIP room of the Hanfu experience store has separate men's and women's changing rooms, lounges and additional dressing services. No need to queue up.

The girl didn't take it out directly before because she planned to keep a low profile. But now she feels that she can't do it unless she takes action.

The eyes of the girls around me looking at Wang Ling are so hot. Some of them already have boyfriends. Their eyes are still looking at them like a nympho...

Don't you have any sense of shame?

And those men!

He actually allowed his girlfriend to take pictures of other boys...

So. Sun Rong felt his head was hot. He quickly took Wang Ling's hand and walked towards the VIP room.

It wasn't until she entered the empty room that the girl suddenly realized what she had just done.

From the reception room of the Hanfu experience store to the VIP room.

About ten meters away.

She actually held the boy's hand and walked all the way!

"Ah! Classmate Wang Ling... I didn't mean to do it!" Sun Rong held his forehead, face flushed.

She felt that she was impulsive after all.

Wang Ling glanced at Sun Rong's delicate hands. He felt that the girl's palms were sweating slightly. The long fingers with clear knuckles were grabbing him, as if they were grabbing something very important. have to.

When Li Youyue and others slowly walked into the VIP room from the main entrance, Sun Rong separated his hands in a panic.

This scene made Li Youyue laugh secretly.

The girl's reaction is so youthful that it makes people find it even more adorable.

She quickly stepped forward and took Sun Rong's arm, breaking the awkward situation in front of her.

"Let's go. Rongrong?" Li Youyue whispered. She narrowed her eyes and smiled.

"Yeah!" Sun Rong secretly rejoiced. Fortunately, he brought Li Youyue over.

This happened so timely!

Before changing clothes, Li Youyue did not forget to say hello to Wang Ling: "That Wang Ling. Rongrong and I will go change clothes first. There are drinks and snacks in the lounge. You can eat while you're there. wait."

"eh..." Wang Ling watched the two of them enter the women's locker room. He himself was also stunned for a long time.

From his own personal aesthetic point of view, he feels that the upper body effect of this "Izumo Flying to the Moon" set is just okay.

If he had long flowing hair, it might be more in line with those people's idea of a "beautiful young man with an ancient style."

But long hair. A bit shameful.

Wang Ling feels like I can't do that.

So. Is it really that beautiful...

Wang Ling stared at the full-length mirror placed in the lounge, lost in thought.

...

Holiday Inn Gujie. Single suite.

Jiugong Liangzi was sitting alone on the bed. Suddenly he felt a sense of emptiness.

That Zhuo Yi...actually left her alone in the suite.

Although there is only a wall between her suite and Zhuo Yi's suite.

But I don't know why. Jiugong Liangzi felt an inexplicable feeling of displeasure in his heart.

The reason why this replica {Ghost Book} caused a riot is still not clear yet.

What should we do if another riot breaks out?

snort!

What an incompetent bodyguard!

Jiugong Liangzi was filled with resentment.

"So boring..." The girl lay on the bed bored and muttered.

Several local variety shows that she was passionate about could have been a way to pass the time.

But you can't see it in Huaxiu. The wall is too thick. To watch a variety show, you have to climb over the wall to watch it... The most important thing is that it is illegal to climb over the wall now. Jiugong Liangzi didn't think of such a moth.

It would be bad if he was caught and ordered to be deported.

There are no variety shows to pass the time. Jiugong Liangzi naturally wants to make his life more fulfilling.

This Xiu Zhen Cultivation Street is a famous scenic spot in Songhai City. She finally came here... but she could only stay in the hotel and keep an eye on her. It was really frustrating!

In fact, it doesn't seem impossible to go out.

After all, the three guys in Awei were much more honest than she thought.

But Jiugong Liangzi is afraid that he will be laughed at by Zhuo Yi.

She is the future heir of the Jiugong family. How can she do it without even this little bit of determination?

So the girl had to endure it by herself.

At the same time, she was secretly competing with Zhuo Yi in her heart: "Zhuo Yi... I'll see when you come to me..."

And it's right next door to Jiugong Liangzi's room.

At this time. Zhuo Yi rested his head on one hand and leaned against the bed.

Although there was a wall, he could hear the girl's voice clearly.

This also includes breathing sounds.

This feeling makes Zhuo Yi feel very subtle...

After hearing Jiugong Liangzi's muttering, Zhuo Yi couldn't help but raise the corners of his lips.

He glanced at the clock on the wall and estimated the time.

After opening a single apartment, he deliberately ignored Jiugong for a while.

I just didn't expect that the girl's patience seemed to be stronger than I thought.

Although he was complaining, he never rushed over to knock on his door.

But with Jiugong Liangzi's character and temper, it might be difficult for him to take the initiative to find him, right?

But Zhuo Yi doesn't intend to get used to it either.

If this happens in the future, it won't work if you spoil it.

To deal with such a little girl, you must have a lot of patience.

Then. Zhuo Yi closed his eyes and waited patiently.

He didn't know how much time had passed. He heard Jiugong Liangzi's breathing becoming more and more rapid. He suddenly knew in his heart that the girl's patience might have reached its limit.

Now there is only one final step left.

Zhuo Yi had a premonition. He felt that the next second, the girl would rush out and knock on his door.

However, what greeted him was not the sound of the door opening...

Instead, there was a muffled sound of "gudong."

"There's something wrong with this sound..."

This time. Zhuo Yi couldn't bear it anymore.

He quickly got up and ran over to check the specific situation.

After swiping the door of the girl's room with a universal card.

Zhuo Yi then saw Jiugong Liangzi sitting on the ground with a painful expression on his left ankle.

"What's wrong?"Zhuo Yi asked.

Seeing that Jiugong Liangzi remained silent, he made a rough guess based on the situation at hand: "I tried to open the door in a hurry, but fell flat on the ground and sprained my foot?"

After saying that, the girl's face immediately turned red: "I...I didn't want to go out!"

Zhuo Yi leaned over. He couldn't help but reached out and pinched Jiugong Liangzi's face: "Classmate Jiugong, are you an idiot?"

He smiled bitterly in his heart.

I wanted to trick Jiugong Liangzi.

The result was disastrous. I was the one who was tricked.

"Don't pinch my face without permission..." the girl protested softly.

"Oh. Sorry."

Zhuo Yi smiled softly. Then he sat down cross-legged and, talking to himself, picked up the girl's left foot and placed it on his knee.

"You don't want..."

"Providing emergency medical treatment for the employer is also the responsibility of the bodyguard. This is just a job. Don't get me wrong, Jiugong."

Zhuo Yi looked at Jiugong Liangzi. He asked seriously: "So. Where does it hurt? Please tell me."





Chapter 1476 An ancient cultural street with hidden murderous intent


Due to the fact that Zhuo Yi had spent some time in the Importal Police Special Operations Unit at the basic level. At that time Zhuo Yi was just an ordinary junior officer.

However, valuable learning experience has been accumulated.

Those grassroots immortal police officers are generally not directly assigned to participate in dangerous charge missions. Instead, priority is given to medical soldiers.

Before Zhuo Yi was officially called to the front line, she was also the "son of the stars" in the army. She had an amazing amount of milk.

He was able to perform first-aid reconnections on broken arms and legs. It was even said that it was just a sprained foot.

Zhuo Yi carefully explored the painful area of Jiugong Liangzi. He used his fingers to move it little by little.

When he touched the core area of pain, he clearly felt that the girl suddenly twitched in pain. This was a conditioned reflex.

"Is this here..."

Zhuo Yi looked focused. A stream of dark blue spiritual power separated from his fingertips.

Then, an icy force penetrated into the skin of the girl's ankle. It penetrated bit by bit.

Zhuo Yi was secretly grateful. Fortunately, the situation was not too serious.

According to the original plan, he wanted to find Jiugong Liangzi and knock on the door of his room, then follow the trend and go to the ancient streets.

Previously, he saw the "Izumo Flying to the Moon Hanfu Photo" that Wang Ling sent him privately.

His master is so handsome!

Seeing Zhuo Yi felt itchy in my heart.

So. Zhuo Yi began to fantasize about Jiugong Liangzi wearing Hanfu.

And now, while helping Jiugong Liangzi's treatment, Zhuo Yi was shocked to discover.

The deepest routine in the world is that there is no routine.

Feelings are a very mysterious thing.

When your heart is trapped by someone from the beginning, you are already on the passive side.

And emotionally passive.

It is often the hardest.

So when Zhuo Yi found out that he fell in love with Jiugong Liangzi, he immediately felt how difficult it was for Sun Rong...

Just as he was thinking about it, Jiugong Liangzi suddenly asked an off-topic question: "Isn't your relationship with Sun Rong very good?"

This may sound like nothing at first. But to Zhuo Yi, it sounds a bit like the kind of question about the desire to survive test...

"Why do you ask this question so suddenly?" He stared at Jiugong Liangzi's feet intently and tried to stay calm as much as possible.

"I see that you are quite skilled in healing spells. I am reminded of a piece of news and gossip from a while ago."

Jiugong Liangzi said: "I remember that Miss Sun suddenly fell into a coma for no reason for a while?"

"That's true." Zhuo Yi nodded.

"Then those gossipy self-media reports said that when she passed out, you seemed to be particularly interested. You went there several times in a row and suspected that you two were in a relationship." Jiugong Liangzi said.

Zhuo Yi burst out laughing on the spot after listening to it.

Nowadays, these gossip marketing accounts are really outrageous.

How dare he fall in love with "Master's Wife"...

He wouldn't dare to do that, even if I gave him a million dares.

"Judging from your reaction, it seems that there is no relationship between you?" Somehow, Jiugong Liangzi felt that his mood suddenly improved.

She has been observing. Zhuo Yi's first reaction.

Usually the first reaction is difficult to fake.

And there are no other micro-expressions on Zhuo Yi's face.

In Jiugong Liangzi's view, this reaction is very real.

"She is just my school girl. And I have received a lot of care from Mr. Boss Sun before. The general election of the Ten Thousand Schools Alliance is coming soon. Do you understand?" Zhuo Yi smiled. That was all he could say.

Jiugong Liangzi is not stupid.

Judging from the literal meaning of Zhuo Yi, the reason why he is so interested in Sun Rong is to repay Boss Sun's favor. On the other hand, it is also for the general election. He wants to win votes.

This reason is impeccable. There is no loophole.

After several conversations, the girl discovered that the man in front of her was the man who was portrayed as a "liar" in Jiugong's family.

Surprisingly very candid.

Logically speaking, Zhuo Yi doesn't need to explain it to her so clearly...

Jiugong Liangzi was confused. She crossed her arms and stared at Zhuo Yi: "Now I am also your school girl. Do you treat all school girls like this?"

"I won't go out to heal some schoolgirl's injuries."

Zhuo Yi shrugged helplessly. Then he pinched the girl's most painful spot.

The previous severe pain from the sprain has completely disappeared.

Mission accomplished. Zhuo Yi stood up.

"Are you leaving now?"

Jiugong Liangzi also got up from the ground. He looked at the back of Zhuo Yi. There was a bit of sincerity in her eyes.

Zhuo Yi turned his face slightly. With only his peripheral vision, he could see the four words "want to go out" written all over the girl's face.

"What? You want me to stay?"

"I don't want to..."

Zhuo Yi sighed. In the end, he followed the girl's advice: "It will be evening soon. I remember there is a fountain show in the center of the ancient street in the evening. Do you want to go and see it together?"

"Who wants to go with you? Even if I want to go, I will go alone."

Jiugong Liangzi snorted. She took off Zhuo Yi's suit jacket from the hanger and put it on her body. Then she put on her shoes and walked out of the room: "And you, you only need to fulfill your duties as a bodyguard. Not far away. Just protect me."

Behind him. The corners of Zhuo Yi's mouth raised crazily.

Having said so much...

It's not like you have to accompany yourself.

...

On the other side, in the cold weapon shop, Jiang Yingying was lying on the mat covered in sweat.

She felt that her arms no longer belonged to her at all.

Even the makeup on his face is gone. The wig has fallen off.

These are the disguises that Jiang Yingying spent a long time in the morning.

At this point, he disappeared completely, revealing Jiang Yingying's true appearance...

From the morning of throwing until now, the girl has tried her best. The highest record is 892 meters.

To be honest, this record is actually amazing.

The store manager was sweating secretly.

She's the granddaughter of the Sage of Martial Arts.

Although the distance is 892 meters, there is still a big gap from the first prize.

But if all these small prizes are cashed in, the cost of participating in the Stone Spear Throwing activity will have been fully earned, and there will still be a little surplus.

The most important thing is that Jiang Yingying doesn't know why. He hasn't finished voting yet...

"Ms. Jiang, you still have 19 throwing opportunities left. I think Miss Jiang's physical strength has reached its limit today. Why don't you save it first? Will you throw next time?"

At this point in time, the manager of the Cold Weapons Store has completed his mission.

Through precise operation, he used his own way to keep Jiang Yingying in the store.

"It turns out you can save it... You didn't tell me earlier!" the girl complained. She had wanted to leave for a long time. But she didn't expect that there was a save function!

"We were negligent. Miss Jiang."

The store manager smiled slightly. Then he took out two special coupons and handed them to Jiang Yingying: "This is additional compensation."

"You won't give me more times..."

"Absolutely not." The store manager said, "This is a coupon for a luxury single suite at Holiday Inn Gujie. With the coupon, you can enjoy one night's hotel accommodation for free. In addition, all entertainment facilities and beauty treatments in the hotel are free for a limited time. single."

"But why...two single suites?"

"This hotel is the most popular. The double suite has been fully booked. We apologize for the inconvenience to you two." The store manager said with a smile.

These two coupons were prepared for him by Jiang Xiaoche. He was asked to give them to the girl after the event.

And you will find out after Jiang Yingying goes.

These are two deluxe single suites.

One on the first floor, one on the fourth floor...

They are two rooms that are not even close to each other.

"Thank you very much!" Jiang Yingying thanked him.

"Ms. Jiang, walk slowly. Welcome to come again next time..."

This was a free bargain. It made her feel good.

Although it looks like I spent a lot of money today, in reality, it doesn't seem like I was at a huge loss...

And when I followed Wei Zhi and left the Cold Weapons Store, I realized that it was almost evening!

"Oops!Wang Ling..." Jiang Yingying held his forehead.

She was busy competing with Sun Rong. She completely left the matter of following Wang Ling to Wang Ling!

"You are too tired today. Go to bed early. This hotel coupon is in vain if you don't use it."

"That's right." Jiang Yingying smiled and said, "Hey. It's really troublesome for Brother Zhi. You stayed with me all day!"

"What the hell." Wei Zhi shook his head.

The two of them were walking side by side on their way to the hotel.

At this time, Jiang Yingying didn't notice at all that there was a man wearing a plaid shirt following her secretly behind her.

After seeing Jiang Yingying leave the cold weapons store, the man followed him and reported the situation using the micro communication device: "The target has been confirmed..."

"Are you sure it's Miss Sun herself?"

"It's definitely her."

The man nodded: "She just left this cold weapon shop. So there is no mistake."

"Okay. Then... just follow the original plan."





Chapter 1477 Make a wish and the clear spring flows


Wang Ling waited for less than thirty minutes before several people came out of the locker room.

For thousands of years, the overall style of Hanfu has been light and simple.

Although the pattern is simple, everyone has their own look when wearing it.

When you wear Hanfu, it has a subtle literary style, and you feel like you are traveling back in time.

And this is also the reason why Hanfu culture has been sought after by so many young people in modern times.

The Hanfu that Li Youyue chose is called "Yueyuehongfeng." It is a red Hanfu with maple leaves and white rust patterns symbolizing fire.

From Wang Ling's personal point of view, this red Hanfu is indeed very consistent with Li Youyue's own temperament.

Li Youyue is a sunny girl who is passionate about making delicious food and deals with flames all year round. Her outgoing personality can be felt from this simple Hanfu.

"Where is Sun Rong?" On the other side, Chen Chao and Guo Hao also came out.

The two brothers chose the same style. Its name is "Ye Lan Bu Jing." It is a set of Hanfu that is mainly black. There is a little white base part. But there is a saying...this set of "Ye Lan Bu Jing" is The top effect looks very average on Chen Chao and Guo Hao.

"Why did you two choose this one? It doesn't suit you!"

Li Youyue raised her forehead and said, "Didn't I tell you before? It would be better if you choose the red and gold ones."

Regarding straight male aesthetics, any girl will always feel helpless when seeing...

Boys usually don't care too much about their own grooming. Clothes are mostly affected by the environment. People are not born with the ability to dress up. This needs to be cultivated slowly.

Hanfu upper body. Everyone is different. So Li Youyue feels that this is definitely not a problem with clothes...

But Chen Chao and Guo Hao themselves don't quite fit the temperament of Hanfu.

One is a hot-blooded, smooth-mouthed boy with strong muscles who is addicted to games but never forgets to exercise.

One is a ten-year fat geek who is addicted to gaming but just doesn't work out and flirts with his parrot at home all day long.

When the two came out wearing this set of Hanfu, Li Youyue felt that Chen Chao and Guo Hao were like the silly sons of a landlord... The scene was a bit unbearable to watch.

"The main reason is that old Guo doesn't have the right size, and this nightmare is the only one. I can't help it, in order not to embarrass old Guo, this brother of mine must of course accompany him." Chen Chao wrapped one hand around Guo Hao's neck and smiled with his teeth.

Of course he knew that this Hanfu didn't really match his temperament. But Chen Chao didn't care too much whether it looked good or not.

The main reason is that Chen Chao himself has no idol baggage.

Secondly, the protagonist tonight is not them...

Besides, even if you really find the right Hanfu.

Chen Chao feels that the upper body effect is far worse than Wang Ling.

That set of "Izumo Flying to the Moon" was really thought-provoking. When Wang Ling came out of the locker room before, even Chen Chao's eyes were straight.

In essence, people will always cast their eyes on beautiful things without hesitation.

Even a straight man like him fell for it. Those little girls who took out their mobile phones and took pictures excitedly. It is not difficult to understand why they behave in such a disrespectful manner.

So. In the locker room, he and Guo Hao had already made a decision.

When I watch the fountain show later, I'll find an excuse to escape. Just leave the scene to Boss Sun...

There are so many people watching the fountain.

There are so many people and so many eyes. It's not uncommon even if you get separated along with the crowd.

At this time. Wang Ling sighed secretly in his heart.

He knew it!

These two traitors are unreliable...

About three minutes passed. Sun Rong's voice suddenly sounded: "Sorry... I kept everyone waiting."

The girl is wearing a dark blue Hanfu. The blue top is dotted with stars. The white skirt is like a bright moon in a quiet lake. Everything perfectly reflects the real name of this Hanfu: Bright Moon Glaze.

Chen Chao and Guo Hao looked at it with dull eyes. They felt that Sun Rong at this moment was like a glass immortal walking out of a painting. It made people's minds slightly rippling at first, and then quickly fell into a kind of calmness.

There is a kind of time standing still. The beauty of quiet time.

"How about...isn't it... not pretty..." Sun Rong has a bright moon fan in his hand.

This is a small decoration that goes with this Hanfu suit. Her actor even shyly covered his expression and stared intently at the young man in white in front of him.

But the expression on Wang Ling's face was not that surprising, because he could actually think of Sun Rong wearing Hanfu.

Although people rely on clothes, Buddha relies on gold. Clothes can indeed bring a completely different spirit to a person. But... the most important point is that people must look good.

When a person's good-looking level has reached a saturated state, change a set of clothes and it will still be saturated...

So. Wang Ling doesn't know how to evaluate it.

On the contrary, it was Guo Hao and Chen Chao who sighed from the bottom of their hearts.

"Wang Ling. Why don't you say a few words?"

Seeing that Wang Ling didn't reply for a long time, Li Youyue became a little anxious. She cleared her throat and taught him in the tone of an old lady: "When a girl needs evaluation, you have to evaluate it. This But the most basic courtesy!"

"..."

Wang Ling feels that this step is a bit like a survival test.

Anyway, it's a compliment.

He won't tell either. There is some truth.

"she..."

At this time, Wang Ling looked at the girl and said, "She is pretty."

This is indeed what Wang Ling thinks to be the truth. But when he said it, Sun Rong's face immediately became hot!

She was stunned. Wang Ling actually said that...

It only took a moment. The girl felt as if her heart was hit hard by something. She immediately covered her shy face with a round fan.

Li Youyue saw that there seemed to be smoke coming out from behind the fan.

"Are you satisfied now?" She leaned her face closer and said quietly to the steam girl behind the fan. The girl's face couldn't help but become even redder.

Then, Li Youyue turned her attention to Wang Ling.

I saw the young man in front of me. His expression was calm and untroubled...

Li Youyue crossed her arms. She felt a little depressed. She suddenly felt that Wang Ling's wood properties were hopeless.

She muttered helplessly in her heart: "So... he really doesn't know that he is very flirtatious..."

...

Everyone has finished dressing up. The next step is to enjoy the night fountain show.

The Dragon Fountain in the ancient street is very famous. And it has been around for a certain period of time. It was built by an emperor Wang Ling under the old imperial system to please his beloved concubine.

The entire fountain is as big as two basketball courts. There are 88 copper faucet fountain mouths. Hence the name Dragon.

As for the water source of the fountain, it is drawn from the nearby Longya Mountain.

This is a big project. It was once regarded as a symbol of the emperor's exploitation of the working people at the bottom...

He didn't know when it started. Dragon from Xiu Zhen Cultivation Street became an internet celebrity. Even the story was changed... into a wonderful and touching love story between an infatuated emperor and an innocent concubine.

With this change, Dragon suddenly became a famous tourist attraction.

Touching the faucet, tossing coins, and praying at the edge of the fountain have almost become a necessary process before the fountain show starts.

"I have prepared some coins. Before the fountain show starts, let's make a wish!" At this time, Li Youyue said.

She distributed 1 yuan coins to everyone one by one.

Wang Ling followed the example of the passers-by. First touch the copper faucet by the fountain.

When I touched it, I realized that my faucet was different from the one next door...

Because he touched the dragon's head. The dragon's horns had been smoothed.

It's okay to be touched bald...

Wang Ling sighed inwardly. He just touched it lightly. Then he set a timed repair spell for the faucet he touched.

Since this dragon head has been touched by myself, it is the fate of this dragon head.

Wang Ling thinks it would be a good thing to fix it myself.

Once the timed repair spell is set up, everything will be fine.

When the dragon head is not noticed by anyone, its dragon horns will grow out while others are not paying attention.

Then. Wang Ling followed the example of others and gently placed the coins into the pool.

He didn't dare to imitate some people who just threw it. If he threw it too hard, the coin would be about as powerful as a nuclear torpedo...

Then, it's time to close your eyes and make a wish.

"Make a wish! The clear spring flows!" Chen Chao made rapid progress.

He made a wish and shouted at the same time, startling everyone nearby.

After all, he is a veteran player of tainted milk powder for ten years...

On the side, Guo Hao smiled. This is a game gag. Only those who understand will understand.

Then he closed his eyes and started his wish-making process.

Wang Ling looked at the pious faces of everyone nearby. He was also thinking about his own wishes.

In fact, sometimes people make wishes just to give themselves psychological comfort so that they can better put down their burdens and move forward.

There are actually many rumors about Dragon's efficacious effects.

Wang Ling is not sure if it is true.

After all, these days businesses are doing anything to hype up tourist attractions...

Make up a beautiful story like a fairy tale. That is considered kind.

A while ago, a scenic spot called "Sky Realm" appeared. It is said to be the first domestic scenic spot to be built by spending huge sums of money.

The blue sky and white clouds in the "Sky Realm" in the attraction's promotional poster look like a dream or a fantasy.

But the real classic in reality is just a few mirrors covered with muddy shoe prints placed on the pond...

Real. The difference between a "buyer's show" and a "seller's show."

But regardless of whether it works or not...

It's better to believe in making a wish.

You still have to have dreams. What if they come true?

So. Wang Ling closed his eyes.

Moreover, it didn't open for a long time.

Mainly. He has too many wishes...

"Classmate Wang Ling. Must have made a wish to eat more dry noodles with different flavors, right?" Sun Rong looked at the young man with his eyes closed, a serious expression on his face, and a sweet smile.

Then, she closed her eyes and made her wish to Dragon sincerely.

Her wish is.

No matter what Wang Ling wishes, it will come true...

...

"Caught up." On the other side, Zhuo Yi also came to the scene with Jiugong.

They also changed into Hanfu and came here.

What's worth complaining about is that they are wearing the same style...

They all chose the Hanfu set called "Purple Gold Galaxy."

Jiugong Liangzi chose Hanfu in the locker room. He had never been with Zhuo Yi before. But under such circumstances, a coincidence could still happen...

Although the male version of "Purple Gold Galaxy" and the female version are different in texture and pattern.

However, the highly similar color scheme makes the two of them look like a couple when they stand together.

Is it a coincidence?

Of course not...

There are so many styles of Hanfu. How can you choose the same one?

It's just that Zhuo Yi asked a good friend to help Jiugong Liangzi choose clothes. He just made some inquiries.

Of course. Such a little trick. Zhuo Yi cannot be revealed.

As soon as he came out, he showed a very surprised expression. He lamented that his and Jiugong Liangzi's brain circuits were similar. He also used some words such as "the earth is created by heaven" and "the heart is connected" to add insult to injury.

It directly caused the girl's blushing and it still hasn't cooled down yet.

Of course. In this case, you only need to change into a new set of Hanfu.

But Jiugong Liangzi felt that since it was nothing, there was no need to hide it too much. It would be better to be more open-minded...

To be honest, she herself didn't know why such magical logic appeared at that time.

Until he actually walked down the street wearing the same Hanfu as Zhuo Yi. Jiugong Liangzi once wanted to slap himself with a big mouth...

"I'm telling you, don't get too close to me...it's too easy for people to misunderstand..." Jiugong Liangzi muttered by the fountain.

There was a lot of people nearby. But it was easy for Zhuo Yi to distinguish Jiugong Liangzi's voice among the sounds.

But he deliberately pretended not to hear. He just smiled at the girl in front of him and said, "What?"

He is slightly taller than Jiugong. Looking at Jiugong from this angle, this girl's slightly soft and cute voice is like a cat's paw, scratching Zhuo Yi's heart.

"I said, don't get too close to me. Otherwise, you will be misunderstood..." Jiugong Liangzi tried to speak louder.

"What? You want me to get closer to you? Okay!"

"..."

Shameless...

The corners of Jiugong Liangzi's mouth twitched. She was 100% sure that Zhuo Yi heard it. He was definitely teasing her.

The girl clenched her fists hard and tried hard not to have an attack.

Then, she simply stood up on tiptoes and planned to speak directly into Zhuo Yi's ear.

This distance... this old liar can't hear it anymore!

However, what Jiugong Liangzi didn't expect was that just as she stood on tiptoe, Zhuo Yi also lowered her head, planning to take out the coins from her pocket.

At this moment, their foreheads actually touched lightly!

Instantly, Jiugong Liangzi blushed uncontrollably.

She turned around sharply. Her back was to Zhuo Yi.

"What's wrong?"

"No...nothing..."

"Am I too close?"

"Forget it...there are so many people...that's it..."

After saying that, the girl added: "When there are fewer people, please stay away from me immediately... Do you understand..."

"Understood." Zhuo Yi smiled fondly.





Chapter 1478 Zhuo Yi! Danger!


At 8:30 that night, the Dragon in the central square of the ancient street started the dreamlike fountain show on time.

Eighty-eight dragon heads slowly raised their heads in everyone's sight. Many people who saw Dragon for the first time were surprised.

This is one of the famous scenes before Dragon starts the fountain show. It is also called: the dragon raises its head.

However, this is not transformed by modern technology. It is exquisite ancient mechanism craftsmanship.

In the old days, it was possible to develop such a high-tech fountain through mechanical design.

All we can say is the engineer who built this Dragon.

He is indeed an extraordinary talent.

However, there is still no definite answer to the question of who is the creator of Dragon. Experts in the field of history have debated this issue endlessly.

But there is a unified point of view.

That's what these historians still believe.

The descendants of Dragon's creator must still be in this world.

The beautiful splendid lights and the beautiful water spray continuously spit out from the copper faucet combined with classical music form a fine seven-color water mist in the air. It seems to give people the illusion of being in a fantasyland.

Countless water columns tower into the clouds. Sometimes they are domineering and majestic, sometimes they are graceful and graceful, sometimes they are lively and lively, and sometimes they sound like loud bells.

All kinds of changes make the onlookers excited.

For a moment, the lovers beside the fountain hugged each other. Everyone became silent and silently watched the fountain show in front of them.

Jiugong Liangzi looked around. Suddenly he found that the situation seemed a bit awkward.

Right next to her, the lovers were almost hugging each other. Jiugong Liangzi's face darkened.

It's just a fountain...is it necessary? We're not on the Titanic!

If you want to nibble, why don't you go to bed and nibble! Hmph!

"You look.

You don't seem too happy? Do you want a hug?" At this time, the voice of Zhuo Yi came.

"How can I be unhappy..."

Jiugong Liangzi said: "And! You are clearly behind me! How could you see my expression!"

"You can tell it from the breath." Zhuo Yi said: "This is the benefit of having a high level of cultivation."

"Don't be too proud, old liar. I still doubt you now," the girl said.

"It took six years to practice to achieve my level of combat power. Do you think it is possible?" Zhuo Yi smiled. The expression on his face was very relaxed.

"What if there is an adventure? Who knows."

Jiugong Liangzi pouted and hummed.

"So now. Are you avoiding my question?" Zhuo Yi asked.

"What's the problem?" Jiugong Liangzi pretended not to know.

"I just asked you. Do you want...a hug?" Zhuo Yi took a step forward.

"Don't move..."

Feeling the breath of Zhuo Yi coming closer to her, Jiugong Liangzi panicked for a moment. She blushed and warned in her own way: "You are not allowed to come close to me! I will really be angry!"

"Okay. I understand."

Zhuo Yi takes a step back. Raise your hands in surrender.

Hey... As expected of Liangzi...

Even when he's angry, he's so cute...

As the saying goes, you can't eat hot tofu in a hurry. Zhuo Yi still has enough patience on this point.

It's been mentioned before.

"Relaxation and relaxation." This is Zhuo Yi's first love rule for Jiugong Liangzi.

At this time. Zhuo Yi turned his eyes to the other side.

But I saw Wang Ling still had her eyes closed. I was shocked for a while.

This wish may be a little too long...

But soon Zhuo Yi realized what happened.

It must be because all the couples around him were hugging each other. This put Master in an embarrassing situation.

And the worst thing is...

Even Sun Rong seemed to be surrounded by the crowd.

The two people are actually not that far apart. However, there are lovers in front, behind, left and right. They are firmly sandwiched in the middle like a chess set.

Obviously, Guo Hao, Chen Chao and Li Youyue, although they retreated in time, left space for the two of them.

But he underestimated the number of couples around Dragon.

"The situation doesn't seem good. We need to think of a way..."

This time he came to the ancient street. Mainly because he was ordered by Wang Ling to help rescue the siege.

Although he is "teasing" Jiugong Liangzi.

However, he still did not forget the tasks assigned to him by his master.

I can only go through it first...

Zhuo Yi himself is not afraid of embarrassment.

Then he took a step and took the initiative to walk in the direction of Wang Ling.

Feeling Zhuo Yi's breath become distant. Jiugong Liangzi asked hurriedly: "Where are you going?"

"Ah. I'm going to the bathroom. Do you want to follow me?"

"Who wants to follow you..." The girl snorted.

She glanced sideways at the direction Zhuo Yi left with her peripheral vision. An intuition told her that things didn't seem that simple.

So. Do you want to go there and have a look?

Jiugong Liangzi is struggling.

She spent about three seconds thinking about it. Finally she took a step.

snort...

This guy is going somewhere. It certainly has nothing to do with her!

But as an employer, it is normal behavior to supervise the work of bodyguards, right?

Thinking of this, the girl seemed to have gained some confidence and began to move forward bravely.

Walk firmly and confidently...

...

At the same time, Miss Sun, who was trapped in a couple, was troubled by the situation in front of her.

As soon as the fountain show started, the nearby lovers all swarmed up and came closer in order to have a clearer view. She and Wang Ling were immediately separated.

She is now surrounded by lovers. Although she can feel the aura of Wang Ling not far away from her... the situation is still very awkward.

And the most important thing is that the couples around her are almost hugging their faces and starting to eat each other!

The impact of this kind of picture is undoubtedly devastating to a girl who is in unrequited love...

And the most important thing is that there is no way she would choose this time to disturb others. It would be too rude.

"Sorry, please give way." At this time, a familiar voice came.

Sun Rong seemed to hear the voice of the savior...

She saw Zhuo Yi coming towards her. And she was greeting the couple in front of her who was holding each other's necks and biting each other.

The couple was disturbed. They looked very unhappy. The man was very big and had tattoos on his arms. He looked unhappy: "Who are you?"

"Sorry. I just wanted to borrow it for a while. My school girl got separated inside..." Zhuo Yi said politely.

"College style role play. It's kind of interesting."

The tattooed man chuckled and said, "Where did you find this student? Can you introduce me to him?"

"Don't you already have a girlfriend?" Zhuo Yi frowned. Feeling a little uncomfortable.

It wasn't just him. People nearby stopped what they were talking about when they heard the tattooed man's words. They all turned their attention here.

This is too scumbag...

"It's all between you and me. It's just for fun. My partner never minds."

As he said that, the tattooed man lifted his girlfriend's chin. There was a fierce look in his eyes: "Really? Hmm?"

"eh..." The girl lowered her head, not daring to look directly into the tattooed man's eyes.

Zhuo Yi clearly felt that she was scared.

Maybe even becoming a girlfriend... was unilaterally coerced by the other party?

Zhuo Yi has no evidence for this. He can't control it. But the man in front of him is really hateful.

Unfortunately, it is not convenient for Zhuo Yi to do it now in a public place.

After all, he still has the status of a government official...

Although the other party is hateful, if someone were to do something here and someone filmed it and posted it on the Internet, there might be some trouble.

"Sorry. Could you please lend me a moment..." At this moment, he heard the voice of Sun Rong.

Because of the intervention of Zhuo Yi, the surrounding couples stopped working and turned their attention to eating melon here.

Sun Rong quickly seized the opportunity and went around to Zhuo Yi from the other direction.

Zhuo YiUnexpectedly, the goal was achieved like this...

He originally wanted to go over and pull the girl out, but unexpectedly, he indirectly rescued her.

Sun Rong heard what the tattooed man said before.

As a girl, of course she was also very unhappy. She stared at the tattooed man and tried hard to restrain the sword energy that was about to emerge from her body: "You'd better correct your attitude!"

"What? Is this the school girl you are talking about?"

The tattooed man was happy. Looking at Zhuo Yi: "He looks good. He looks like an idol star? How much does it cost per night?"

As soon as he said this, many people nearby felt angry.

Many boys in the crowd had already rolled up their sleeves, looking like they were about to attack.

Then, he sat down on a bald copper dragon head and sneered: "Today, I will sit here. I want to see who dares to do something to me."

The tattooed man had a arrogant attitude. While sitting, he pulled his girlfriend and held her tightly with one arm.

That seemed to be a threat. Many young people who wanted to step forward to hit him hesitated.

They were worried that if they pushed too hard, this scumbag might hurt the girl.

"This arrogance is really too arrogant..."

"That's too much. That girl must have been coerced. Do you want to call the police?"

"But they haven't done anything now. It's useless to call the police, right?"

"Hey. Is there no one who can punish this scumbag?"

The girls around were also very angry. Then they closed their eyes and began to make wishes to Dragon.

"Ya!"

Then. Just the next moment.

The tattooed man let out a painful scream like a slaughtering pig...

What's going on?!

The girls who were making wishes opened their eyes one after another.

I saw the originally proud tattooed man covering his buttocks and falling in front of Dragon.

Two bloody holes were poked out of his buttocks by the dragon's head...

What the fuck!?

Everyone's eyes were horrified.

The dragon head that was originally bald actually grew horns again...

"It must have been done by classmate Wang Ling."

Sun Rong understood something in her heart instantly. She smiled and felt very relaxed instantly.

You are worthy of being a master...

Zhuo Yi couldn't help laughing either.

Then he gently tugged at the corner of Sun Rong's Hanfu. He whispered: "Sun Rong, schoolgirl. There are too many people here. Master has gone out. It seems that he has something to give you."

"Ah...Wang Ling. He. Wants to give me a gift?" The girl showed a surprised expression.

"You'll know when you go out and take a look. Let's go." Zhuo Yi smiled. Then she took the girl's hand and planned to lead her to where Wang Ling was.

This scene made Jiugong Liangzi look at it clearly.





Chapter 1479 Jiang Yingying! Danger!


The tattooed man's situation was even more tragic than everyone imagined. The dragon's horns were a bit long, causing the tattooed man's butt to be penetrated directly.

And because the angle of the dragon's horns is too tricky.

Everyone couldn't help but sigh in their hearts. I'm afraid this is the legendary "Egg Ball Rinpo"...

The dragon's head, which had been bald, suddenly grew two pairs of horns. He punished this scumbag in front of everyone.

Such a scene cannot be said to be unpleasant.

And such a mysterious phenomenon also alarmed many people in the venue.

Many materialists originally did not believe in such things as making wishes. But now that they have seen this scene with their own eyes, they all threw their own coins at Dragon and made wishes devoutly.

Thus, the second wish-making ceremony began.

The scene was completely silent. Everyone put their hands together, faced Dragon, and closed their eyes in prayer.

But no one called an ambulance...

The tattooed man lay on the ground with his butt sticking out. His face was white with pain. However, he had no energy left to speak.

As for the girl he coerced into becoming his girlfriend, she had already left the scene.

Tattooed man's buttocks were pierced by dragon horns.

Although there is a reason why Wang Ling cast the spell, this is not something Wang Ling planned in advance. It is purely an accident.

Evil people will have their own trials and tribulations. Retribution from heaven will come sooner or later...

So sometimes, people can't be too bottomless.

...

On the other side, Jiugong Liangzi's resentment has begun to spread...

It turns out that women's sixth sense is really scary

What's more, Jiugong Liangzi's sixth sense is naturally extremely accurate.

At the same time, this is also the tag that has been ignored by Zhuo Yi...

An inexplicable anger surged into Jiugong Liangzi's heart.

Sure enough. It's easy to change a country, but it's hard to change one's nature.

Old liar or old liar...

We agreed to go to the toilet!

How did you end up here?

Moreover, she was actually holding the hand of Sun Rong, whom she had always regarded as her opponent!

Jiugong Liangzi tried to calm down, because if she seemed angry now, it meant that she actually cared.

She didn't want to show her menstrual disorder in front of this old liar.

So, the girl's eyes narrowed slightly, and while using the fan in her hand as a cover, she followed secretly from behind.

As the saying goes, you can take advantage of others. To catch an adulterer is...

No. Strictly speaking, this doesn't seem to be catching an adulterer.

This time. It's just to find evidence that Zhuo Yi was absent without permission.

As a bodyguard, he actually used two different things in the name of going to the toilet... It's really too much!

Sun Rong was held by Zhuo Yi all the way. It wasn't until they got out of the crowd that Zhuo Yi let go of Sun Rong.

There is too much traffic. It is actually a gentlemanly behavior to take the girl forward.

The main reason is that Sun Rong and Zhuo Yi are already very familiar with each other. So there are no strange thoughts or ideas between them.

Of course. If the person pulling Sun Rong at this time is Wang Ling.

That would be different...

The distance away from the crowd is only about ten meters. It is enough for Sun Rong to write a 100,000-word romance book in his head.

"Zhuo Yi Senior, do you feel that it's a little cold?" As they walked along, Sun Rong suddenly felt something was wrong.

"I really didn't expect that there were so many people today. It must be because we were away from the crowd..." Zhuo Yi said.

Mainly because I just watched the fountain show inside. People were crowded together. It was indeed a bit stuffy.

"Come with me. Master is still there." Zhuo Yi said.

He has nothing else on his mind now. He just wants to take his "wife" there as soon as possible and then quickly return to Jiugong Liangzi.

The direction they are going now is actually the direction of the toilet.

The round trip time is calculated by Zhuo Yi.

It's a pity that there was an episode about the tattooed man just now, which delayed a little time.

Otherwise, he would have brought the girl here long ago.

The two of them moved forward.

Jiugong Liangzi followed secretly all the way. She knew that Zhuo Yi could feel her breath, so she didn't dare to get too close. She just observed the movement in front of her from a distance.

And just in the middle of this, Sun Rong suddenly stopped: "Zhuo Yi Senior, did you hear anything? I seem to hear someone talking about me..."

"No way."

Following closely, Zhuo Yi also stopped in his tracks.

"It's the sound coming from the southeast." Sun Rong frowned slightly.

He carefully distinguished the sound and finally confirmed the direction of the sound - it came from Number 2, Xiu Zhen Cultivation Street.

And the voice obviously came from a mobile phone.

It's a person who is communicating through a mobile phone. With the person on the mobile phone.

"When exactly are we going to send the ransom note?"

"Don't worry yet. Miss Sun is a valuable piece of meat. Watch her carefully. We will be there soon. I don't know how much the Huaguo Shuilian Group is willing to spend to redeem her. Haha."

"What should I do with this kid who was caught together?"

"Did you see your faces?"

"I saw it."

At this time, the voice of the man on the phone suddenly became gloomy: "There is no other way. Find someone to take him to a place where no one is around. Kill him. Deal with it cleanly."

"learn..."

At this point, the call ends.

...

"I...I was caught?"

Sun Rong and Zhuo Yi are both confused.

The kidnappers with unknown origins did not expect that their conversation would be heard clearly by Sun Rong, who was standing several hundred meters away from them.

Amplifying the sense of listening is actually a very uncomfortable thing, because there will be all kinds of sounds entering the ears.

In fact, this is an instinctive conditioned reflex.

The girl had heard this title Miss Sun many times, so she naturally reacted.

At first she thought someone was talking about her, and she amplified her sense of hearing out of curiosity.

As a result, after this trial, Sun Rong found that he seemed to know something incredible.

Zhuo Yi frowned. He suddenly thought of something: "I think they may have captured the wrong person..."

"By the way! It's classmate Jiang!"

Sun Rong soon realized: "My classmate Jiang is indeed somewhat similar to me..."

"Then there's nothing wrong with that."

At this time. Zhuo Yi opened his eyes: "I know. Today my classmate Jiang came here with brother Wei Zhi. But now the breath of the two of them has disappeared. They must have been locked up by these kidnappers. place."

"Then what should we do now..." Sun Rong was a little anxious.

"There is nothing we can do. Sun Rong, please go and meet Master. Leave this matter to me." At this time, Zhuo Yi said.

The situation was critical. He was about to leave. At this moment, the girl grabbed him and said, "Senior, wait!"

"Have something to explain?"

"I think it's up to me to handle this matter." Sun Rong said.

Although because Jiang Yingying kept getting close to Wang Ling, she actually didn't like this girl very much.

But if it is because of his own relationship, he will be put in danger.

This is not what Sun Rong wants to see.

Since this group of kidnappers came for her from the beginning, then as long as she passes by, maybe these people will give up harming Jiang Yingying and Wei Zhi.

Anyway, these kidnappers probably can't hurt her...

Zhuo Yi was silent for a few seconds. In the end, he respected the girl's opinion and said, "Okay. Then, junior fellow student, be careful. I'll leave the matter to you regarding Jiang Yingying! Master, I will explain the situation to him."

"I'll be back soon!" Sun Rong nodded. Then he quickly ran towards the direction he heard earlier.

The Hanfu, as bright as the moonlight, danced gently. When Zhuo Yi came back to his senses, there was only a touching silhouette of a girl left in front of him...

However, at this time. Zhuo Yi found that the surrounding air seemed to have become colder.

Just behind him, Jiugong Liangzi secretly squinted at him from a distance.

The resentment emanating was frozen three feet away. It made people afraid to approach it at all.

Does the child have a lot of question marks? Jiugong Liangzi doesn't know.

But now she is.

There are indeed many question marks.

She wanted to know who Jiang Yingying was...

Listen to the tone of Zhuo Yi. It sounds like a classmate. She should also be a girl studying at Number 60 High School?

Ha. A liar is still a liar after all...

In the course of watching a fountain show. He hooked up with three schoolgirls in a row... Shame on you!

"Big liar!" At this time, Jiugong Liangzi finally couldn't bear it anymore and shouted angrily at the back of Zhuo Yi in the distance.





Chapter 1480 The worst decision in Zhuo Yi's life


This roar shocked countless eyes on Jiugong Liangzi on the ancient street.

The roaring girl was so angry that her chest was bullied. Although she didn't have breasts that could rise and fall...

Zhuo Yi I have never seen Jiugong Liangzi look so angry. This must be a roar with all his strength. Perhaps in Jiugong Liangzi's view, the lethality of this roar is like a "battlefield roar" Shocking.

But Zhuo Yi is not afraid at all. Liangzi is so cute. He even likes the way he roars.

But Jiugong Liangzi caught up. This was Zhuo Yi's miscalculation.

He was too focused on solving the problem of helping his master to rescue him and guiding his wife to meet with his master. Due to his negligence, he was not even aware that he was being followed.

Although he was not afraid of the girl's yelling, when Zhuo Yi saw the tears in the corners of Jiugong Liangzi's eyes from a distance, his expression instantly became serious.

It looks like the problem is a bit serious.

This little girl is really angry...

With a silent sigh in his heart, Jiugong Liangzi turned around and ran in the opposite direction.

Zhuo Yi Seeing this, he rushed forward and chased forward.

"Jiugong!" he shouted as he ran. It was not because he was afraid of anything else, but because he was worried that the girl would bump and hurt herself while running hurriedly in the crowd.

In the process of chasing the girl. I don't know why Zhuo Yi's mind suddenly felt like a movie and TV drama routine...

It seems that in many youth blockbusters, there is such a chase scene.

It's just that Zhuo Yi didn't expect that his youth has expired. Now he has to chase a girl in front of so many people.

So... for the next 20 minutes...

Zhuo Yi chased Jiugong Liangzi while running. He could catch up with Jiugong Liangzi, but he was afraid that he would chase too hard and injure the girl.

After chasing for eight streets, from Second Street to Tenth Street, the girl in front stopped.

Because Jiugong Liangzi suddenly realized a problem.

That is, when Zhuo Yi's level is higher than his own. There is still a huge gap in physical fitness between them.

In other words, if she keeps running, she will run out of energy...and Zhuo Yi. will catch up to her sooner or later.

God knows if this old liar will do anything strange when his physical strength is damaged!

In fact, after running for so long, Jiugong Liangzi's mood has calmed down a lot.

Because essentially, the relationship between her and Zhuo Yi is just an employment relationship.

Even if this old liar has a messy private life. What does it have to do with him...

As an employer, the most she can do is morally condemn such behavior.

"Jiugong, aren't you going to run away?" Zhuo Yi asked with a smile.

We chased him all the way to the 10th Street. There were obviously fewer people nearby.

The closest witness to them was a fruit stall owner who was eating watermelon.

To be honest, Zhuo Yi never expected that a girl with such a flat chest could run so fast... From a fluid mechanics point of view, the streamlines of a flat chest are not very good, so the air resistance will be increased.

But then I thought about it. Zhuo Yi understood it instantly.

Maybe it's because it's too flat and the quality is reduced...

Under normal circumstances, Zhuo Yi would definitely use it as a joke to show off his cleverness. But now is obviously not the time.

The girl in front of him seemed less angry. However, Zhuo Yi still felt a "hateful look" from Jiugong Liangzi. Just like when the girl came to the principal's office to question him a few days ago.

Jiugong Liangzi hugged her arms, her voice resumed into that kind of icy cold Missy feeling: "Sun schoolmates, Jiang schoolmates...how many other schoolmates do you have in the end?"

After listening to Zhuo Yi, I actually felt like laughing.

Just because the vinegar smell is really too strong.

But the girl in front of her seemed to be unconscious.

Hey. Why does this girl please him so much...

"I think classmate Jiugong must have misunderstood something." Zhuo Yi said: "I did it because I wanted to go to the toilet.

It's true that I went to see Sun Rong's school girl. But at that time, Sun Rong's school girl was squeezed in among the couples. She seemed very troubled. So she asked me to do a little favor. Take her out. Everyone around me was worried. They were kissing. Girls are thin-skinned and embarrassed to disturb them. "Is this also to return a favor? For the election?" Jiugong Liangzi snorted.

"It's true that I'm returning a favor. But it's actually classmate Jiugong's favor that I'm returning." Zhuo Yi said.

As an excellent planner, since he knew that the relationship between his wife and Jiugong Liangzi was not harmonious, of course he was also looking for ways to harmonize the two.

In fact, just as he was running, Zhuo Yi did come up with a clever idea.

"I owe her a favor? Are you kidding me..." Jiugong Liangzi showed an expression of disbelief.

"Awei's three people's room, including the witness protection plan. In fact, I asked Sun Rong's school girl to use her family's power to do it." Zhuo Yi said.

This explanation is of course different from the actual situation. But actually, there is nothing wrong with it if you think about it carefully.

This hotel is originally a property of the Huaguo Shuilian Group. So the implementation of the witness protection plan is inseparable from the Huaguo Shuilian Group.

This is an impeccable reason. Even if Jiugong Liangzi investigates later, the conclusion will be the same.

While chasing the girl, Zhuo Yi had edited a text message to Sun Rong. He had made preparations for collusion in advance to prevent the secret from being exposed...

Although he was doubtful about this answer, Jiugong Liangzi felt that he felt a lot more comfortable: "Huh! Did I say I wanted her help?"

Zhuo Yi looked at her firmly and said: "So I will do everything for you. I have been begging her for a long time...for you."

Jiugong Liangzi's face turned red when he was told: "Humph! You have no spine!"

"What I said, you can investigate afterwards. Are you satisfied now? It's getting late. Go back and rest early." Zhuo Yi said.

"Wait a minute! You haven't told me about another school girl! Who is that Jiang Yingying..."

"So is there something that Jiugong-san doesn't know?"

Zhuo Yi said: "According to the clues I just got, classmate Jiang Yingying was kidnapped. But in fact, this group of people came for Sun Rong's school girl..."

"Can this be tied wrongly?"

"At first glance, classmate Jiang Yingying and Sun Rong's classmate do look a little similar. Now Sun Rong's classmate is using family power to negotiate with the kidnappers." Zhuo Yi said.

He found that the term "family power" is really useful. It can perfectly explain many things.

"So that's what it is..."

Jiugong Liangzi frowned. He seemed concerned: "What about Sun Rong?"

"Are you...worried?"

"Who should worry about her! I just... want to return the favor!"

Now that everything has been said, Jiugong Liangzi's mood has returned to its original state.

She snorted like a proud black swan and walked towards the hotel: "Then go back. As an employer, I will give you special permission tonight to pay more attention to the kidnapper."

"Yes."Zhuo Yi held back a laugh.

Before leaving, he glanced at the fruit stall on the roadside: "Would you like to buy some fruit and go home?"

Jiugong Liangzi glanced at the fruits on the fruit stall. He said without interest: "You have made your decision."

She actually has an idea in mind.

Mainly I want to see if the fruits that Zhuo Yi likes to eat are the same as mine.

"Then let's have durian."

I saw Zhuo Yi holding his chin, thinking seriously for a moment, and then said.

He didn't know that this might be the worst decision he ever made in his life...





Chapter 1481 Kidnapper! Danger!


Hearing the word "durian", Jiugong Liangzi's expression brightened up.

"Ah! You... also like to eat durian?"

To be honest, the girl was a little touched in her heart. After all, many people around her thought durian was smelly. Even the servants would stay away when she usually ate it.

Unexpectedly, Zhuo Yi actually had the same idea as her. He also likes to eat durian.

"Isn't durian the most fragrant fruit in the world?"

At this time, he looked at the girl with a smile in his eyes and said.

Jiugong Liangzi suddenly revealed his starry eyes.

Although it only passed by in a flash.

But it is really rare to see such a rare expression on Jiugong Liangzi's face.

"How much does this durian cost?" Zhuo Yi squatted half-crouched and asked the melon stall owner.

At the same time, he looked around and selected carefully.

He found that this fruit stall was not only down-to-earth, but also quite rich in variety. Even durians had several different varieties.

"Strange. In your country, can you set up street stalls casually?" At this time, the girl asked curiously.

The melon-eating stall owner put his hands on his hips and wiped the watermelon juice on his mouth with a sweat towel. He smiled honestly and said, "Little girl, you don't understand this. This is called street stall economy. Now everyone is strongly supporting it. It is very important to the development of people's livelihood." It's very helpful. But you should also pay attention to the cleanliness of the stall. Be sure to take away the garbage when you leave."

"So that's it." Jiugong Liangzi nodded.

The differences between cultures are not terrible. What is more important is respect and understanding.

For a country with a long history and culture like Huaxiu, Jiugong Liangzi has longed for it since he was a child.

One person's life is just a drop in the ocean compared to the long history of a country.

The country of Huaxiu has a strong cultural heritage of cultivation. It is also one of the reasons that has always attracted cultivators from all over the world to visit and study.

"I know this is an ordinary durian. What is that red durian?" At this time, Zhuo Yi suddenly asked.

"That's a new product. Its full name is Flame Durian. It tastes a little sweet and spicy when you eat it."

"Sweet and spicy...would that be delicious..."

"I don't know if it tastes good or not. But it does sell well."

The melon-eating stall owner looked at Zhuo Yi and took the initiative to tell the truth: "Actually, many people buy this flaming durian to kneel down for the men at home. This is just in case the skin of their knees is broken when kneeling. This flaming durian The spiciness will penetrate directly into the skin..."

"That's it."

Zhuo Yi smiled and said: "That's okay. Mainly because I haven't tried this new product before. So just have one regular one and one new one. The boss can just pick the biggest and freshest one for me."

"Okay."

With a shout, the stall owner skillfully packed the things for Zhuo Yi to take back.

On the way, Jiugong Liangzi suddenly thought of something. She looked at Zhuo Yi and asked: "Well...you should be able to split a durian with your bare hands, right?"

"Of course."

Zhuo Yi smiled. And now he was in front of Jiugong Liangzi. This made him look a little light: "With my current fighting power, I can more than split it with my bare hands. When I get back, I will kneel down for you."

"Can you crush a durian on your knees?" Jiugong Liangzi raised his eyebrows lightly.

"That's right."Zhuo Yi was very proud.

Little did he know that this might be the second wrong decision he ever made in his life...

...

On the other side, Sun Rong was quickly approaching her destination in a blue and white Hanfu. The bright moonlight made the girl look even more outstanding in the faint moonlight.

She is like a glass immortal under the night. Her whole body exudes a touching spirituality. Anyone who sees her can't help but take a second look.

It's a pity that Wang Ling is not around now.

A girl can only be beautiful alone.

She was a little anxious inside. She couldn't solve Jiang Yingying's matter for a moment. She couldn't make peace with Wang Ling for a moment.

It was obviously hard to find the opportunity to be alone...

At this time, the inner hardship and bitterness gathered together.

She is so difficult...

But this happened all because of her.

So Sun Rong feels that he must also show a sense of responsibility. This should be the responsibility that every young person should have.

"This is it..."

This is a dark alley located on Second Street. The dark alley is very narrow. There is only a gap of about ten centimeters wide.

There is no way to get out of here in the normal way. But the location of the sound just now did come from here.

The girl releases sword energy. Use the enlarged view to detect it.

Sure enough, traces of spells were found on the left and right walls of the gap.

"The Art of Paper Man..."

Sun Rong frowned slightly.

This is actually a type of "bone reduction surgery." But the actual operation is more difficult than "bone reduction surgery."

The creativity of the spell is inspired by the popularity of the second generation of paper doll husbands and wives on the market nowadays....

Then, the "Paper Man Technique" was born.

Although Sun Rong's combat power is strong, the practical application of many spells is still lacking.

She didn't know how to use the "Paper Man Technique." She just had an understanding of it.

"Ying'er. I have to ask you for help." The girl said at this time.

She needed to go right through the gap to see.

There is a flight ban over the ancient streets. Jumping directly over with a sword is not allowed. Not only is it easy to be fined, but it is also easy for gangsters to notice her.

Sun Ying'er reacts quickly. The shadow can easily pass through the gaps.

After the jump, she quickly changed directions with the main body, completing a gorgeous "Great Shift of the Universe."

"It seems that I still have to study hard in the future."

The transformation was completed successfully. At this moment, the girl felt a lot heavier in her heart.

Although her combat power is indeed very strong now, most of it comes from Aohai.

There are still areas that should be lacking. We must not be complacent because of this.

There is no end to learning. She is indeed still far behind.

After successfully passing through the narrow gap, Sun Rong discovered that the world outside the gap turned out to be an empty abandoned factory.

The air exudes a rusty smell and an unpleasant smell of chemical reagents. These smells are intertwined, irritating the throat and nose.

Sun Rong reacted quickly.

I was fooled...

This seemed like a trap from the start.

The other party made a careful plan and deliberately let her hear the news that Jiang Yingying was kidnapped. Then he also knew that she would definitely find her way over.

A teleportation channel was set up behind that narrow gap that could quickly replace the space. This allowed Sun Rong to arrive at another place instantly.

Such means are not something ordinary kidnappers possess.

At this time, Sun Rong frowned and couldn't help but become more vigilant.

It seems that these kidnappers are stronger than she thought...

At this time, a slightly hollow voice sounded: "Sure enough, everything is as the senior expected. You will definitely fall into the trap and come here. Miss Sun..."

In the darkness, a sturdy man about three meters tall, wearing a black windbreaker, slowly walked out.

He was holding a big knife in his hand, and the unconscious Jiang Yingying was held in his hand like a little chicken.

Sun Rong sensed the breath of this sturdy kidnapper. He felt that the smell on the kidnapper was a bit strange: "You don't seem to be human..."

The strong man laughed loudly: "I underestimated you, Miss Sun. I didn't expect you even knew this."

At this time Sun Rong felt slightly relieved.

If it wasn't a human being, this really reassured her a lot.

Because killing aliens is not illegal...





Chapter 1482 The Magical Uses of White Rabbit Milk Candy


After realizing that his identity had been revealed, this burly man who was three meters tall finally took off his human skin coat.

This is a specially made painting skin that allows its body to be hidden within it without being discovered.

The six lords Heavenly Dao in Heaven also have the same thing. Now the "human skin coat" worn by the Death Heavenly Dao as a guard at 60 High School in the lower realm should be the same style as the one worn by the alien.

This is a very powerful camouflage method. It is difficult for ordinary cultivators to distinguish. If it were not related to Aohai, maybe Sun Rong would not be aware of the abnormality.

The moment the human skin coat was torn off, two huge silver horns emerged from the scalp of the three-meter-tall monster. The silver horns were densely covered with threads. They exuded a strange luster and curled backwards.

This is a humanoid alien creature. Silver-horned Duyan, with a sharp chin and a strange dark yellow pupil.

The skin all over his body is densely covered with a kind of lin armor with metallic luster.

The tail, which is two meters long, is even covered with sharp undercuts.

The girl looked at the creature that revealed its true form. She couldn't help but feel a little stunned in her heart.

Because the chest part of this creature is actually transparent. There is something shining like crystal entrenched inside.

"What the hell is this..." Even Sun Ying'er has never seen such a creature.

You must know that her mind contains information about the entire void!

The history of the void is extremely long. It stands to reason that Sun Ying'er himself knows a lot of those alien beings. But he has never seen anything like this... Alien Iron Man.

That's right. The more she looked at it, the more she felt that there was something glowing in the transparent chest area of this alien creature.

Just like Iron Man's energy reactor...

"My appearance. Isn't it very mighty and domineering?"

The Silver Horn man spoke. In fact, he didn't care too much about Sun Rong's opinion: "This is the earth. The aesthetics of the people on the earth are basically normal for the average level of the universe."

Sun Rong: "..."

It was also the first time for the girl to fight against aliens.

Because she didn't know what the other party's strategy was, the expression on the girl's face was extremely cautious.

However, judging from how well the other party knows him, Sun Rong roughly infers that the "senior" mentioned by this alien may be Peng Xiren from a while ago...

Sun Rong remembers that he had witnessed everything the last time he hid in the core world of Wang Ling.

And it is still vivid in my mind to this day.

The young man who suddenly jumped out and wanted to cause trouble was almost beaten to death by Wang Ling.

Later, he thought he had successfully taken away the old Rubik's Cube on Earth and returned to the infinite galaxy.

Then. She heard that there seemed to be a big explosion deep in the infinite galaxy.

Maybe Peng Xiren and the sealed creature are dead.

However, judging from the current situation, the other party is not only safe and sound.

Even narcissistic aliens from the infinite galaxy were sent...

"Just deal with it." At this time, Sun Rong closed his eyes slightly. He had already made plans to summon Aohai.

Although she really wanted to know what the connection was between the silver-horned alien in front of her and that Peng Xiren... but in this situation, human life still mattered. It was not realistic to consider capturing him alive.

Because she doesn't know anything about this silver-horned alien at all.

The life safety of Jiang Yingying and Wei Zhi comes first.

To rescue these two people, the simplest and crudest solution is to kill the alien completely.

"Miss Sun, I like your eyes very much. I also appreciate your courage... You are obviously only in the Foundation Building stage. In my hometown, your level is not as good as a speck of dust." said the silver-horned creature.

"No need to talk nonsense." Sun Rong frowned.

"So. You don't even care about your friend's life?"

The silver-horned man sneered. He didn't take the girl in front of him seriously at all: "I promise you, if you do it, you will definitely regret it later because of your stupid behavior..."

Silver-horned creatures are very confident.

Because he knew exactly who the person standing behind him was. He was the only true disciple of Dao Ancestor Wang.

And it was Peng Xiren who made their originally declining alien race collectively complete their evolution and become a higher life form.

Peng Xiren's request to him was that it would be best to capture Sun Rong alive.

However, because the power gap is too obvious, the Silver Horns are worried that if they take action, this Earth girl who is only in the Foundation Building stage may turn into fly ash and die.

Then, using her friends to threaten her might be the safest and most reliable way to capture her alive.

"Leave here with me. I promise I won't hurt you. And you can save the lives of your two friends."

The silver-horned man smiled: "But if you resist, you know the consequences... With your humble state, I will crush this little girl's head the moment you take action. See who is faster, you or me. quick."

"So. Can I ask another question?"

"Of course. If you have any questions, just leave with me and I can answer them." The Silver-Horned Man said politely.

"You must have accomplices. Are those accomplices also aliens?" Sun Rong asked.

"nice."

The Silver Horn said: "In fact, there are many aliens who have come to the earth. They wear human skin coats. They are perfectly hidden among humans and carry out activities... For example, the Saiyans, the ugly nemesis, Root number nine-body star people and so on."

"..."

"My tribe has been dormant on the earth for a long time. However, their form is still the old form. I promise them that after completing this mission, I will help them evolve together..."

"..." Hearing this, Sun Rong sighed silently in his heart.

She actually didn't want to know that much at all. She didn't know if it was because of her overconfidence in herself and the need to show off.

Sometimes, some parties that think they are powerful often like to talk nonsense before the war and reveal some information inexplicably.

Maybe this type of people really feel that there is no threat to the opponents they face, right?

So it doesn't hurt to say more.

"Okay. Thank you for the information. And welcome to Earth."

At this time, Sun Rong stared at the silver-horned man in front of him and smiled.

Human life is at stake. There is no time to delay.

The Silver-Horned Man thought that the girl in front of him had completely given up resistance. He felt relieved in his heart, but he saw the girl suddenly summoned a blue spiritual sword.

"Ten percent Alluring Sword and..."

She did not draw the sword directly. She just flicked the sheath with her thumb, revealing a gap.

Buzz!

In just an instant, a trace of Aohai's sword energy seeped out from this gap!

The Alluring Sword is too powerful. This is the sword energy that the girl used based on the actual situation. It should be enough to deal with the silver-horned man in front of her.

"You are looking for death!"

The silver-horned man didn't expect that the little girl in front of him would be so stubborn.

He became angry with shame. The yellow Duyan released murderous intent.

And at the same time, he also has transportation power in his hands.

As long as Sun Rong dares to take action, he will immediately crush the head of the girl named Jiang in his hand!

This sentence. Silver Horn people do what they say!

However, at this moment, a blue sword energy as thin as gossamer passed directly through his chest.

The Silver Horned Man looked at this scene in disbelief.

His chest was penetrated by Aohai's azure sword energy. All along his chest, his whole body froze rapidly.

"Ten percent Alluring Sword." And "Absolute Zero."

This is something Aohai has only recently realized. A powerful control ability. The purpose is to ensure that even if the concentrated version of the sword energy fails to achieve a fatal blow, it can also provide a second layer of insurance.

If you are hit by Aohai's "Absolute Zero" sword energy, you will be instantly frozen like this.

"Cut!"

A boundless breath of the sea emanates from Sun Rong.

She still didn't take out the scabbard. She quickly stepped forward and easily cut off the Silver-Horned Man's right arm that was holding Jiang Yingying with only the scabbard.

Then he cut off the silver-horned man's head with a sword.

There were no unnecessary movements. But the girl standing forward in Hanfu was still the most brilliant glazed fireworks tonight...

...

It's all finally over.

Then. Sun Rong freed Jiang Yingying from the broken right hand of the Silver Horn Man. Then he confirmed her vital signs.

The heartbeat is stable and the pulse is normal. It's just that there are some drug ingredients in the blood.

Judging from the setting that Jiang Yingying was caught here wearing only a nightgown... he must have been drugged by those aliens when he was preparing for an essential oil massage in the hotel. here.

"But it's okay." Sun Rong secretly breathed a sigh of relief.

Then she went to look for Wei Zhi.

It's a pity that Wei Zhi's condition is not good.

The girl found Wei Zhi in the corner of this abandoned factory.

His face was pale. His whole body became stiff. He had been dead for at least 2 hours...

Sun Rong never expected that Wei Zhi had been brutally murdered.

"How could..." She immediately differentiated Aohai's healing sword energy to treat him.

But alas. All this is in vain.

"Hey. There's nothing you can do if you die. No matter how strong Aohai's healing sword energy is, he can't save someone who has been dead for 2 hours."

Sun Ying'er comforted him on the side: "Unless there is a stronger method than Aohai's healing sword energy. Probably only Ling Zhenren can do it."

"Classmate Wang Ling..."

At this time. Sun Rong suddenly thought of something: "By the way! I still have this! If only I have this! I will definitely be able to..."

Sun Ying'er saw Sun Rong groping in Aohai's sword spirit space with his eyes closed.

When she finally opened her hands, a White Rabbit toffee appeared in the girl's hand.

"Didn't you take insurance?" Sun Ying'er was stunned.

"Just when you were taken out by the Master of Shadows for training and no longer with me, classmate Wang Ling gave me another one..." Sun Rong said.

She didn't hesitate at all. She directly opened the candy wrapper and stuffed it into Wei Zhi's mouth.

Buzz...

A warm golden light surged from Wei Zhi's body.

In less than five seconds, Sun Rong felt Wei Zhi's breath coming back.

"Effective!" At this point. Sun Rong felt like a stone fell from his heart instantly.

If Wei Zhi died because of her, she would definitely feel guilty for the rest of her life...

Classmate Wang Ling. I owe you another favor!

The girl showed her face and smiled.

At this moment, Wei Zhi also successfully opened his eyes: "Uh..."

He felt like he had a nightmare. A group of aliens abducted him and tortured him...

And now. The dream has finally awakened.

Wei Zhi sat up straight. He saw Sun Rong at a glance: "Miss Sun Rong. Why are you here..."

"Don't say anything, Brother Wei Zhi. How do you feel now? Are you feeling uncomfortable anywhere?" Sun Rong asked with concern.

"Uncomfortable..." Wei Zhi frowned: "I don't feel particularly uncomfortable anywhere. I just feel that my chest is a bit heavy."

"Breasts...heavy?" Sun Rong was stunned.

Then I saw Wei Zhi frowning and touching his chest. The expression on his face was completely shocked: "What... what is this! Why do I have two airbags!"

Sun Rong: "Brother Wei Zhi, please don't get excited..."

"No! It must be my nightmare that I haven't woken up from yet."

"..."

"Please, Miss Sun Rong, please don't wake me up again! I want to... sleep for a while..."

After saying that, Wei Zhi's eyes went dark and he fainted again.

"Ying'er. What should I do..."Sun Rong was a little at a loss.

"It's really big." Sun Ying'er sighed: "Let's take it back first and then talk about it. After all, it's really hard for people to accept the fact that you wake up and become a transvestite."





Chapter 1483 Judgment of Zhuo Yi


Martial Saint's granddaughter was kidnapped. If this news got out, it would probably shock the whole country.

Fortunately, Sun Rong handled it very well and did not aggravate the situation further. Not only did they eliminate the blind alien in time, they also obtained a lot of intelligence and saved Jiang Yingying and Wei Zhi. life.

But right now, she was still worried about Wei Zhi's condition.

Although Wei Zhi was treated and returned, the situation was indeed unexpected.

The main reason is that those two things are too big... Sun Rong feels even more exaggerated than the Shadow Stream Lord who was captured at the beginning.

However, it is not realistic to send the patient to the hospital in this situation.

After that, Sun Rong settled Jiang Yingying in a hotel and assigned a female private doctor whom he trusted to take care of her.

Then he took Wei Zhi back to Wei Zhi's own room. Then he immediately contacted Zhuo Yi to check the situation.

When they met, Sun Rong smelled the smell of durian on Zhuo Yi: "Zhuo Yi Senior, did you eat durian?"

"Ah. I'm sorry. Don't you like the taste? You were in a hurry and didn't rinse your mouth."

"It's okay. I also like to eat durian." Sun Rong smiled. Zhuo Yi felt a sense of fatigue evident on the girl's face.

Although the "passive version of the combination of man and sword" can indeed improve the girl's combat power, if she is in a state of continuous mental stress, the consumption will increase.

In the end, it's often not a lack of physical strength, but a sense of mental fatigue. It doesn't have any side effects... it's just that it's easy to get sleepy. Once you wake up, you'll be fine.

On the contrary, if you were more relaxed throughout the battle, there would be no problem.

Previously, Zhuo Yi relied on the girl to make that call for help. He already had a general understanding of the entire battle process.

Wei Zhi almost died...

I'm afraid this is one of the main causes of mental stress.

Master Wife still lacks some combat experience.

Zhuo Yi smiled helplessly in his heart.

In fact, he missed a very important point...

In fact, the main reason for the girl's mental stress was that during the battle, she was always thinking about reuniting with Wang Ling as soon as possible.

After all, she had fought with Old God before.

Who is Old God?

Dao Ancestor Wang's first love. The creative leader of the divine world.

In that battle, facing the Old God, the girl never showed any fear.

What's more, facing an alien whose combat power is far inferior to that of the Old God?

"It's better to resolve this matter as soon as possible..." Zhuo Yi muttered in his heart.

He felt that the girl needed a rest very much now. The tiredness could actually be reflected in her expression.

It is probably the sense of responsibility that supports the girl and prevents herself from falling.

Walking to the big bed where Wei Zhi was lying, Zhuo Yi rubbed his eyes. He thought he had seen it wrong: "Why do brother Wei Zhi have two basketballs on his body?"

"I want to know too..."

Sun Rong dumbfounded: "That's why I asked the senior to help me take a look."

"You said something big happened on the phone. Is this what you were referring to?"

Zhuo Yi couldn't help laughing: "After eating the White Rabbit toffee that Master gave you, Brother Wei Zhi came back to life. Then these two basketballs appeared, right?"

"Yes!"Sun Rong nodded.

Zhuo Yi stared at Wei Zhi who was very "swollen" on the bed. He hesitated for a moment, then gritted his teeth and touched it with a red face: "Brother Wei Zhi. I'm offended..."

Sun Rong turned his face slightly. He also felt that his face was a little hot.

He didn't know why. She feels like Zhuo Yi is very skilled...

"Sun Rong The school girl thinks my skills are very skillful, right?"

"..."

"When I was working at the grassroots level in the army, I helped the army raise cows. That's how I got there."

"..."

After holding it for about ten seconds, Zhuo Yi finally let go. Then he couldn't help but smile: "I roughly know what this is going on."

"Zhuo Yi Senior, do you know how to solve it?"

"The milk candy given by the master has the effect of rapidly and continuously increasing spiritual power.

From a biological point of view, the chest is composed of muscle fibers and fat. The reason for the expansion of Brother Wei Zhi is another." Zhuo Yi held his chin and analyzed: "After Brother Wei Zhi died, a large number of cells in the body followed him. At the same time, the blood will lose power due to the heart stopping and will be unable to flow. The proteins in the blood will then become corrupted and eventually lost as the water evaporates..."

"Originally, brother Wei Zhi was indeed dead. But fortunately, Sun Rong's schoolmate was treated in time. The milk candy given by the master also provided different spiritual power from ordinary spiritual power. In addition to assisting in practice, it also repaired The functions of body functions are divided into spiritual power molecules for cultivation and spiritual power molecules for repair."

"The spiritual power molecules used for practice are released slowly and continuously. They will not cause a backlog. But the spiritual power molecules for repair are different. But because Brother Wei Zhi is dead, all the ones activated by this toffee are all repairs. The psychic molecules used."

Having said that, Sun Rong feels like he has come to some understanding.

Zhuo Yi: "When a large amount of spiritual power was formed in Brother Wei Zhi's body, these spiritual powers began to repair his cells. Finally, Brother Wei Zhi came back to life."

"So that's it!" Sun Rong suddenly realized: "So Brother Wei Zhi now..."

"That's right. What is actually stored in Brother Wei Zhi's current basketball are these spiritual molecules used for repair. Generally, there is no need for special treatment. After a period of time, the swelling will subside on its own."

Zhuo Yi said: "When brother Wei Zhi wakes up later, you can tell him directly that it is a short-term side effect caused by the elixir used to treat the body. Tell him not to worry too much."

"In other words, this toffee has no breast enlargement effect?"

At this time, Sun Ying'er's voice suddenly came out.

"Master is a serious person. Of course there is no such thing..."

"Hey." Sun Ying'er sighed in disappointment: "It seems that Ling Zhenren still doesn't understand Rongrong's feelings. She is really underdeveloped!"

"You are so underdeveloped... You obviously want to..." Sun Rong blushed. I don't know if it was because of shyness, or because he was a little angry at Sun Ying'er's incoherent words.

"The last question. Why are these repaired spiritual energy molecules accumulated in the chest?" At this time, Sun Ying'er asked again.

"Because originally, this was Master's specially customized model for women. It was ergonomically designed for women. But I didn't expect that it would be eaten by Brother Wei Zhi."

"And there are men?"

"some."

Zhuo Yi nodded and said: "It's just that for men, the swelling is in another place. That is: the bladder."

"..."

At this time Zhuo Yi looked at the time: "It's too late. Brother Wei Zhi is fine. It'll be fine in two or three days. Sun Rong The school girl has worked hard today. I think she can rest early. You He looked very tired."

"No...I'm fine..."

After confirming that Wei Zhi was safe and sound, Sun Rong felt as if a huge stone had been lifted off his body. His whole body became much more relaxed.

"Classmate Wang Ling. Still...waiting for me..."

She turned around. She was still thinking about Wang Ling in her mind. But now she couldn't help but fight.

After walking a few steps toward the door, his vision went dark and he fell down.

Zhuo Yi stepped forward and held the girl steady.

really...

Still can't hold it any longer.

He knew it would be like this...

I had no choice but to settle the mistress in the hotel first.

At this time. Zhuo Yi thought to himself.

He asked Sun Ying'er to help hold Sun Rong in Wei Zhi's room for a while. He ran to the front desk to get a presidential suite.

As a result, when registering, the front desk manager said: "It's like this, Mr. Zhuo. A young man came here just now. He said that he had already reserved a room for Miss Sun."

"Isn't he a dead fish-eyed person with beautiful features?"

"Yes."

Then the front desk manager took out a room card: "This is the annual pass to the presidential suite left by the boy. And some candies."

"Where are the others?"

"I guess I'm going home..."

"..."

Although he was not surprised by this result, Zhuo Yi still secretly lamented the pity.

If it hadn't been for this alien episode, maybe the master and his wife would have become...

"Where are the candies?" Zhuo Yi asked after accepting the room card given by the front desk manager.

The front desk manager smiled slightly. Then he took out a bunch of things from under the table and put it on the table: "This sack is all."

Zhuo Yi: "..."





Chapter 1484 Wang Ming's Data Analysis


A whole sack of White Rabbit toffees. This is already Wang Ling's stock at the bottom of the box.

However, these candies are just for Wang Ling himself to be a bit too tough sometimes. Maybe Sun Rong can be more useful now.

Previously, he and Jin Deng co-starred in that big scene. He deliberately made Peng Xiren think that he had successfully recovered Dao Ancestor Wang's Heavenly Dao Rubik's Cube.

Later, a big explosion occurred in the sealed land in the Infinite Galaxy. The entire sealed land was destroyed.

The terrifying creatures and Peng Xiren sealed inside. Their auras completely disappeared. Not even a trace was left.

Wang Ling originally thought that they would not die so easily. They had been waiting for Peng Xiren's next move. Unexpectedly, he actually expected it.

As for why he can avoid his own visits.

Wang Ling feels that it is very likely to be related to the mysterious ancient black stone.

The radiation power of that ancient stone is very strong. Even in the cosmic space that Peng Xiren considers his home, under the healing light of those stars, he still has difficulty persevering.

But even so, as long as the ability of the ancient stone can be properly utilized, it is no problem to use the ancient stone as a signal jammer with Peng Xiren's wisdom.

However, Wang Ling feels that this is probably an act of injuring the enemy by one thousand and damaging himself by eight hundred.

This Peng Xiren may indeed have used the power of the black ancient stone to create a "shielded space" to magically disappear into the universe.

But the problem is. As long as Peng Xiren stays in this "shielded space" for one more day, all his abilities will be affected by the black ancient stone and be directly blocked...

Of course this is just Wang Ling's guess.

But it should be...

Before returning to the Wang family's villa, Wang Ling stopped by Wang Ming's research institute.

He wanted something from Wang Ming. So Wang Ming just took the opportunity to collect a wave of the latest data of Wang Ling.

Wang Ming was still wearing the same white coat. He took out a syringe and handed it to Wang Ling. He was preparing to collect blood samples: "This needle is specially made. But it's still the same old rules. You can do it yourself. I'm rough. It's thick. I definitely won't be able to penetrate it."

"..." Wang Ling obediently took the syringe.

Recently, Wang Ming is working on the development of an improved "Wang Ling Number 3 Intelligent Humanoid Integrated Mecha."

This is the latest third-generation mecha. Its performance has been greatly improved compared to the previous two generations. It also incorporates the space teleportation function.

Wang Ming will set up this third-generation mecha in a container with a transmission function. If necessary, the transmission can be received remotely through satellite positioning. It can be used at any time.

And the most important thing is that the third-generation mecha does not need to be worn by oneself at all. Wang Ming used the latest space compression technology to implant chips in his pores.

When the third-generation mecha lands on the ground, the parts of each part will be like a puzzle, automatically installed and wrapped around his body.

And from summoning to being fully armed, the whole process doesn't even take five seconds.

Knowledge changes power. Technology can also counterattack cultivation...Wang Ling really feel that I have learned a lot.

The blood sample collection was completed. Wang Ling handed the syringe back. There was no need for sterilized cotton to stop bleeding and pressure.

Almost as soon as the needle was pulled out, the needle hole of Wang Ling disappeared at the same time. The healing speed was amazing.

"So. The boy named Peng's new move is to find a bad alien to deal with you?" Wang Ming asked while putting the collected blood samples into the container.

"It's Sun Rong." Wang Ling said.

"Isn't it the same as dealing with Miss Rong? It's not the same as dealing with you." Wang Ming smiled evilly.

"It's different." Wang Ling replied.

"You're in a hurry." Wang Ming persisted.

"No." Wang Ling's face remained calm.

"You haven't talked to me so much." Wang Ming laughed.

"..."

Wang Ling stood up without saying a word. He was going to wake up Zhai Yin in the sleeping cabin next door.

Wang Ming saw him and grabbed him: "Don't worry, brother! I'm just kidding... You probably don't want to wake up your sister Zhai Yin to make you a midnight snack, right?"

"..."

Wang Ling thought carefully.

Finally, he sat down again obediently. "That's right." Wang Ming bared his teeth and smiled. The smile was still as warm as the spring breeze. There was a hint of guilt in the sunshine.

Such a temperament. Wang Ling feels that only Wang Ming has it.

There is a saying called "extremely smart." Wang Ming's brain is so powerful. His hair is still thick. This is really amazing for Wang Ling.

100% hair transplant done...

With Wang Ming's methods, he can even build something as powerful as a third-generation mecha. Isn't it just a waste of time to get an automatic hair transplanter?

Wang Ling remembers that Wang Ying voluntarily separated from himself before. Because of the use of forbidden techniques, Wang Ying's hair fell off irreversibly.

Now Wang Ying is back. After the shadow is re-bound to himself, the fallen hair grows back.

If one day Wang Ying wants to completely cut off the relationship with him, his hair will still fall out... I'm afraid that Wang Ming's help will be inevitable.

Wang Ling's blood sample cost analysis has always been complicated.

In the past, you had to wait several days for complete results.

After continuous accumulation of experience, Wang Ming now uses a machine to analyze the blood sample data of Wang Ling. He uses another set of programs that he made up himself.

Now it only takes less than half an hour to analyze the data.

"Wait. By the way, I'll take a look at another thing you brought."

Then. Wang Ming took away a test tube made of special material that was sealed on the table.

Stored here are the ashes of the Silver Horned Man collected previously by Wang Ling.

"Already crushed to ashes? This girl Rong is so powerful now. Even this alien can't beat her." Wang Ming was surprised at Sun Rong's current growth.

There is only a little bit of this ashes. It was refined by Wang Ling in the air after Sun Rong left the abandoned factory.

"Does he look like a silver-horned man? The two silver horns on his head are curled up like a cow. And he also has a tail." Wang Ming searched his memory. He felt that there was no such alien creature in his memory.

Because Guo Ping from the institute is now an international diplomat establishing diplomatic relations with extraterrestrials. And since Heavenly Dao began to cooperate with the earth, all aspects of alien data have basically been collected.

All data are shared in the large database of the International Cultivator Alliance.

And with a large database, it should not be difficult to find out what the Silver Horned Man looked like before he evolved, as long as DNA gene comparison is performed.

"This search is faster than analyzing your blood sample. You will know it in ten minutes."

At this time, Wang Ming held his chin up and was looking forward to it. What on earth is this Silver Horned Man...

...

At the same time. On the other side.

Boss Sun is on the phone with Jiang Xiaoche.

In the meantime. He plans to report back on some situations...





Chapter 1485 Boss Sun's Move


Sun Rong On the night when we went to the ancient street, Mr. Boss Sun still didn't fall asleep until late at night.

To be honest, he felt a little nervous...

Although he has always believed unswervingly in the boy he identified as.

He won't do anything outrageous to his granddaughter.

But Jiang Xiaoche's words inevitably made Boss Sun a little worried.

An upright young man in adolescence. If he makes a mistake in a hot head, he will do something wrong...

Sun Yiyuan admits that he is quite an enlightened person. It is normal for young people to like each other and then release their emotions.

Therefore, the old man does not object to the love behavior of his precious granddaughter. Because true love is a virtuous circle that can make each other better people.

Even if we don't get together in the end, we can still gain a lot of growth and unforgettable experiences.

And these things are precious treasures that cannot be erased in the journey of life.

Sunday, December 13th.

In the early hours of the morning, a phone call from Jiang Xiaoche woke up Boss Sun, who was deep in thought.

"How's it going?" Boss Sun asked pretending to be calm.

He wanted to know. Wang Ling's further actions after receiving the drawn room card...

"Old man, I want to ask you a question first." Jiang Xiaoche said over the phone.

"You said."

"If a man did something to an unconscious girl..."

"That's the behavior of an animal!" the old man frowned.

"Then what if nothing is done..." Jiang Xiaoche continued to ask.

"Is this girl pretty?" Boss Sun was confused.

"Of course she is beautiful! Immortal in appearance!" Jiang Xiaoche said.

"The monster is worse than an animal!" Mr. Boss Sun said.

The answer was definite. Jiang Xiaoche was suddenly happy: "Okay. Let me report the latest situation. Miss seems to have played all day today. She was too tired. She didn't return to her villa at night. She directly stayed at the Holiday Inn on Ancient Street."

"No wonder Aunt Qiu told me. Rongrong didn't come back at night. Neither did this kid. At least he should have sent a message to say so."

"That's not the point."

At this time, Jiang Xiaoche smiled and said, "The point is, that Wang Ling used the room card he drew to book a room for the young lady!"

"Is this happening?"

Boss Sun's pupils trembled: "That classmate Wang Ling. Where is he now..."

"He went back. After he checked in the room, he handed the room card to the front desk. He actually went home to stay."

Jiang Xiaoche smiled and said: "At present, this is the situation. Does the old man have anything to say?"

According to the logic of the first few questions, leaving the beautiful girl behind and going home alone is obviously an act of "worse than an animal."

Jiang Xiaoche was looking forward to Boss Sun's answer. As a result, he only heard Sun Yiyuan on the other side of the phone seem to let out a sigh of relief. Then he shouted loudly: "Okay! I knew it! Classmate Wang LingWon't let me down..."

Jiang Xiaoche: "Ah?"

"What are you doing?"

Grandpa Sun said, "This Presidential Suite card is worth a fortune. Even if student Wang Ling does not need to keep and sell, can also make a large sum. But he did not do this, which proves that student Wang Ling is a very strong concept of financial security."

"..."

"Classmate Wang Ling could obviously sell it. But when his classmate was tired, he took out the room card and opened a room for Rongrong so that she could rest as soon as possible. This proved once again. Classmate Wang Ling actually He is a very generous person."

"..."

"After opening the room, classmate Wang Ling chose to leave on his own initiative and go home to rest. He did not take advantage of others' danger to do such deviant behavior. This shows that classmate Wang Ling is an upright and kind-hearted good boy! As expected of him. Rongrong...you really have a good sense..."

As he spoke, Mr. Boss Sun began to shed tears.

He himself was almost moved by what he said.

"???"

Jiang Xiaoche remembered that Boss Sun clearly didn't say that just now!

...

the other side.

In Wang Ming's laboratory, the DNA analysis report for the Silver Horn Man has been released. Comparison of the data database shows that in the large database that has been included, there is no DNA gene that matches the current data.

In other words, the matching completely failed.

This is a large shared database of the International Alliance of Cultivators. After Heavenly Dao was recruited, the alien information here is as thick as an encyclopedia.

However, after comparison, Wang Ming found that not one DNA match was successful. This was something he did not expect.

Although Guo Ping is currently mainly responsible for connecting with extraterrestrial civilizations, many of these extraterrestrial civilizations only learned about the Earth through the Heavenly Dao star.

But in fact, human cultivators have never stopped exploring extraterrestrial civilizations.

Therefore, there are aliens lurking in the world of human cultivation. This matter is by no means groundless.

If we say that the aliens related to the Silver Horns came to the earth a long time ago and mingled in the society of human cultivators with the help of human skin clothing.

It is not surprising that there is a lack of data in such a large database.

They have been mixed in human society for many years. Clothed in human skin, they have already established themselves...perhaps they can also be found among the upper echelons of mankind.

Find a way to hide your traces. It may be easy.

So to be on the safe side, Wang Ming used his own technical means to re-screen the alliance's large database.

Finally, he sighed: "Sure enough, there are no traces of being abnormally cleared."

There is only one way now. That is to start with the private files of various countries. Maybe there will be new discoveries.

The alliance's large database is all public information.

None of this is a secret.

But as human beings, selfishness is actually the norm...between countries. There may be additional secrets that have not been disclosed and are included in special top-secret files.

But it's not that difficult to steal this file.

Even if Wang Ming can do it. There are many issues to consider.

Because if he fails, not only will his personal information be exposed, but his country will also be implicated.

Look at Wang Ming's serious thinking look on his face.

Wang Ling suddenly thought of a famous line: "My lover is this country."

He felt that this sentence was also very suitable for Wang Ming.

Although Wang Xiaoer does make mistakes sometimes, once he gets serious and enters his professional field to explore academic issues, this man seems to be a completely different person.

"Give me three days. I will try as much as possible. But for safety reasons, once there is a risk of exposure, I can only retreat. Whether I can get the data depends on luck." Wang Ming said.

"Okay." Wang Ling nodded.

Then a golden light hit Wang Ming.

"What is this..."

"Great Luck Technique." Wang Ling said.

"Oh. It's the spell you used before that can greatly increase luck, right?" Wang Ming said: "In other words, I have become the European Emperor now?"

"Yeah."Wang Ling nodded.

"But you know what, brother. There's a different meaning to the Emperor now."

"?"

"Using the language of Sun Island. Ou also means European. Then combine it with the concept of "emperor." It means people with big breasts."

"???"





Chapter 1486 Wang Ming! Danger!


That night, the blood sample analysis report of Wang Ling was released. Wang Ming stared at the "↑" arrows after each line of data on the sample. He couldn't help but frown.

Such expressions are not uncommon. When middle-aged people with high blood pressure and fatty liver in the hospital get the report card, the expression on their face is almost exactly the same as Wang Ming's current expression.

And this kind of "knitted brows" expression is actually more common in other different situations.

For example, when parents get your report card;

For example, when you see a certain author and eunuch;

For example, when the teacher found out that you didn't do your homework and ran to watch {The Daily Life of the Immortal King};

Another example. When you see the author of a book writing so many sentences starting with "such as", you may also be frowning and wondering if this short and short author is underestimating the number of words...

Back to business.

A blood test report under normal circumstances. When ordinary people get a blood sample analysis report, their first reaction is definitely to look at the arrows following the indicators.

The normal range of cholesterol is 2.8-5.17mmolL. Test data: 6.17mmolL.

Although it's a little too much. But there is still hope...

However, for the blood sample of Wang Ling, if a "↑" arrow appears, it often means danger.

"It's exactly what I thought. The energy concentration is on an upward trend. It's growing faster than before." Wang Ming carefully looked at the data in the analysis report. His face became a little ugly.

The blood sample data of Wang Ling was originally analyzed to serve the purpose of creating the fourth generation mecha device.

As a result, the indicators in Wang Ling's body were extremely high. This was far beyond Wang Ming's expectation.

According to the initial data of sealing Talisman, sealing Talisman can basically help Wang Ling maintain its status for several years.

This allows the data in Wang Ling's body, which Wang Ming calls "power concentration", to reach a balanced level.

Although as Wang Ling continues to grow, the time Talisman suppresses is decreasing year by year.

But because the sealed Talisman itself is constantly being upgraded. Wang Ming's estimate for the new generation of Talisman is that there should be no problems at least within 2 years.

But now he realizes that he made a mistake.

Wang Ling's growth is faster than he imagined.

The Talisman currently worn by Wang Ling was specially sent to Number 59 High School. He thought it could help Wang Ling pass through his high school years smoothly.

But now I found that although this Talisman still looks new and has no signs of cracks at all.

However, it seems a little reluctant to suppress the data concentration in Wang Ling's body to a balanced level.

Therefore, it is almost urgent to find new substances that can be used to suppress Wang Ling.

"You said before that you discovered a mysterious black stone. In your sealed state, even the King's Eyes can't see through it, right?"

At this time, Wang Ming suddenly said: "If possible, I hope you can get this black stone as soon as possible."

Wang Ming feels that the ancient black stone mentioned by Wang Ling before may be the key to everything.

Of course. Developing a new Talisman is definitely not that simple.

But the sooner this is done, the better.

"Then what should we do now?" At this time, Wang Ying finally couldn't help but make a sound.

"Are you very concerned about my brother?"

"He and I are one. If he can't restrain his energy and finally explodes, I will die too." Wang Ying replied.

To be honest, Wang Ming has never seen Wang Ying. He just knows that such a thing exists.

Wang Ming was slightly surprised when he heard the shadow behind Wang Ling suddenly speak: "It's interesting. My brother is autistic. You are not. And he seems to be a chatterbox?"

"Ha. The shadow and the main body have opposite personalities. Of course I will not be autistic." Wang Ying smiled and said: "Besides, I have already tasted the taste of girls."

As he spoke, Wang Ying licked his lips.

He thought about the forced kiss he had with Sun Ying'er.

To this day, I still feel like I haven't finished it yet. In the past few days, Wang Ying has actually been planning to find some excuse. Let's do it again.

But Sun Ying'er didn't know what the wind was blowing these days. She seemed to be particularly quiet. She didn't deliberately say bad things about him. She didn't violate any "house rules."

Wang Ying couldn't find any reason for "punishment" at all.

It's really such a pity...

"Does it smell like a girl?"

Wang Ming also laughed: "So what you are saying is that my brother is a virgin who has never even tasted a girl?"

"Isn't it?"

"..." Wang Ling was silent. Speechless.

"But as far as I know, it seems like you are too, right?" Wang Ying suddenly said at this time.

The corner of Wang Ming's mouth twitched. He found that in comparison, Wang Ling was indeed much cuter!

This shadow is so damn owed! Isn't it nice to know something well? It's embarrassing to have to say it...

And the most important thing is that there is nothing he can do against Wang Ying!

But out of respect for an adult man, Wang Ming still said stiffly: "I'm not that anymore!"

"Oh? Really?" Wang Ying smiled.

Wang Ming blushed slightly. She was still making up nonsense: "When I was my brother's age, I didn't have too many female companions. Some of them were already pregnant with my child. It is said that they would perform functions immediately after giving birth."

"..."

At this time, Wang Ling actually saw between Wang Ming's eyebrows. There was a vague black aura from the Death Star.

He knew roughly what happened.

I'm hesitating whether to tell Wang Ming.

But sometimes this idiot guy just likes to talk and brag without drafting.

Anyway, bragging is not taxable.

Sometimes I get so excited that I can't stop talking.

"You still don't believe me? I can tell you. I know all the postures. If you don't understand in the future, you can come and ask me for more advice. Since you are my brother's shadow, I think it's not too much to call me Brother Sheng, right?"

"You're so embarrassed to say that." Wang Ying hehe.

"What's so embarrassing about this? Your brother Ming has a lot of experience. Not only has he read countless films, but he also has a lot of practical experience. Do you know my {brain deduction technique}?"

"Oh. You mean the ability to simulate countless situations in the brain and then sort the results from top to bottom according to probability to arrive at the optimal solution?"

"nice."

Wang Ming nodded: "You said you kissed a girl once. But I am different. I have this ability. While kissing a girl, my brain simulates thousands of kissing methods. These are actually You can help me add experience."

Wang Ling was shocked: "..."

Isn't it time to discuss his "power concentration?"

Why did the conversation change and suddenly start discussing such a strange topic!

And the most important thing is. Wang Ling found that he couldn't get a word in at all.

First, he really has no experience. Second, he doesn't know how to brag. His life is really too humble...

But at this moment. Wang Ling was at a loss.

A familiar figure suddenly appeared at the door of Wang Ming's laboratory. Zhai Yin woke up from the sleeping cabin at some point.

She happened to hear what Wang Ming said...

Wang Ming!

Danger!





Chapter 1487 The atmosphere has become strange


As Wang Ming's personal bodyguard. Like most cultivators, Zhai Yin does not need to rest at all under normal circumstances.

Her mission is to protect Wang Ming and assist Wang Ming in some experimental work.

In addition, if Wang Ming is found to have conducted relatively dangerous experiments, Zhai Yin will also consider reporting the issue to his superiors.

Wang Ming actually doesn't hate Zhai Yin. But sometimes Zhai Yin is too rigid in doing things. And the key is that he can't explain many things to Zhai Yin. This also creates some communication barriers.

Then Wang Ming thought of a way.

He specially invented the "sleep cabin", a magic weapon for cultivation with a slightly black technological attribute.

Although cultivators can stay awake for long periods of time, their attention will inevitably be distracted while their bodies are constantly working. Over time, it may even have a certain impact on their spiritual roots.

There are not many side effects. It is nothing more than overdrafting the body in advance, leading to reduced mental concentration, rough skin and other problems.

And Wang Ming's sleeping cabin is a prop specially used in this situation.

Sleeping in the sleeping cabin for 5 minutes is as effective as sleeping for 24 hours. It allows the cultivator to quickly complete the charge.

The sleeping cabin currently invented by Wang Ming can be divided into home type and capsule type.

Capsule-type sleeping cabins have been put into military use.

As long as the capsule is still on the ground and is shaken, it will automatically expand and then turn into a sleeping capsule that can accommodate one person.

Recycling is also a one-button operation. Press the designated button to recompress it back to its capsule form.

Now, Wang Ming has successfully applied for a patent for the sleeping cabin.

After it was officially announced for military use, there were a lot of orders from the military factory. This was also the source of Wang Ming's experimental funds.

Counting only Huaxiu's previous warehouse orders, there are billions.

No money. Just get some gadgets. Make a little money...that's all.

As the most powerful brain, developing new products is never difficult for Wang Ming.

Of course. On the surface, he invented the sleeping cabin to serve the military. But in fact, his original purpose of inventing the sleeping cabin was to restrict Zhai Yin...

There were many experiments that Zhai Yin wouldn't let him do because they were dangerous. So in this case, all he had to do was lock Zhai Yin in the sleeping cabin.

Although Zhai Yin is a tomboy, she is still a girl who loves beauty.

Not sleeping for a long time is bad for the skin. Needless to say, Wang Ming and Zhai Yin also know.

So after the sleeping cabin was invented, Zhai Yin almost habitually used it. And Wang Ming also found out the usage rules of Zhai Yin. While Zhai Yin was resting, he conducted many secret experiments.

So at this moment, Zhai Yin should still be inside...

The look with a hint of murderous intent instantly made Wang Ming tremble.

"I didn't expect you to be an expert in love? Why have I never heard of you before?" Zhai Yin's face was filled with gloom. All her attention was on Wang Ming's words.

I don't care who Wang Ming is discussing the topic of "emotion" with.

After she woke up, she heard Wang Ying's voice outside. She only knew that the voice was obviously not Wang Ling. It was probably Wang Ming talking to one of her friends on the speakerphone?

She doesn't care who he calls.

However, as an official magic weapon researcher, Wang Ming is an academician, but he is also a magic weapon consultant specially hired by the military!

This is a character in the establishment!

Since Zhai Yin thinks it is necessary to pay attention to the issue of life style.

"Yinzi, listen to me... things are not what you think..." Wang Ming's forehead was covered with sweat. He didn't know why he was in a hurry to explain these problems to Zhai Yin.

I just feel that if I don't explain it, the consequences may be serious.

Because he found that whenever Zhai Yin was in a bad mood, she would cook to vent her emotions.

And he is the guinea pig of "In-style cuisine."

As for how terrible Zhai Yin's food is, Wang Ming doesn't think he needs any additional explanation.

That thing is not only toxic...it's a "corpse powder!"

Wang Ming felt that after eating it, his whole body would be melted by the "violent poison."

So combined with the concept of mathematics. Wang Ming also called it: factoring...

That night, seeing that a big battle was inevitable, Wang Ling was too lazy to make do. He quickly left the laboratory, leaving the space for Wang Ming.

He was not worried that Wang Ming would die.

Anyway, Wang Ming now has the blessing of "Great Luck Technique." Even if Zhai Yin uses force, there is a high probability that Wang Ming will continue to be "missed"...

However, the effect of "Great Luck Technique" only lasts for one week.

After this week, Wang Ming's life will surely become extremely exciting.

...

It's still Sunday, December 13th.

At eight o'clock this morning. Wang Ling first sent a message to Wang Ming to confirm whether he was still alive.

Wang Ming praised him for his "Great Luck Technique": "Brother. Your technique is too strong. After you left yesterday, Yinzi was furious and gave me a set of Wing Chun. In the end, not a single punch hit me!"

I knew it was like this...

Wang Ling was not surprised by the expected result.

He responded to Wang Ming with several brief messages.

The general idea is to tell Wang Ming to take it easy. Don't be a bitch.

Because the spell's duration is limited...

If you go too far now, it will be Wang Ming himself who will suffer when the statute of limitations expires.

Wang LingNormally, I disdain to use the "Great Luck Technique" on myself. Because doing so will make life very boring.

As for this technique, Wang Ling does not intend to use it on others easily unless there is any special need.

Because for ordinary people, the ability of "Qi Luck" may be very effective for a while. However, if you are used to Qi Luck, it will also cause dependence.

In fact. It's not just a dependency.

Except for Wang Ling himself, everyone else uses this technique. The effect of increasing luck will continue to decrease... The more frequently it is used, the faster it will decrease.

Wang Ming is a capable person.

With the blessing of air luck, it is like adding wings to a tiger, the icing on the cake.

But frequent use is not necessary.

On the other side. Sun Rong slept for a long time.

When she woke up, she found herself lying on the big bed in the hotel's presidential suite. Sun Ying'er was taking care of her: "Rongrong, are you awake?"

"I'm... What's wrong..." The girl got up. She looked at the nightgown she was wearing and wondered, "Who changed my clothes?

"Of course it's Ling Zhenren." Sun Ying'er said with a bad smile: "You were so tired yesterday that you passed out. Ling Zhenren brought you here. You took a shower and changed clothes..."

"Student Wang Ling! This, this, this. How can this be possible!" Sun Rong covered her mouth. Her face lost its color.

"You're kidding. Of course it's all my fault!"

Sun Ying'er looked aggrieved: "You know Rongrong. My waist is not very good..."

"..."

"But then again. Are you expecting something?"

Sun Rong immediately felt his face burning to his ears: "I didn't..."

...

Although I didn't manage to get alone with Wang Ling yesterday, I was still surprised when Sun Rong saw that Wang Ling left a sack of toffee for herself.

Although there are regrets in my heart, I am more happy and joyful.

After accepting a sack of toffee, Sun Rong was in a great mood.

It was approaching noon that day. The girl was preparing to check out at the front desk on the first floor. When the elevator went down to the third floor, it suddenly stopped.

When he opened the door, Sun Rong saw Jiugong Liangzi and Zhuo Yi. They were wearing the same Hanfu and were standing at the elevator door.

Sun Rong had a surprised expression on his face. It was so exciting.

As expected of senior Zhuo Yi...

This is too fast!

However, the atmosphere at this time seemed a bit stiff.

It wasn't until the elevator reached the first floor that he heard the "ding" sound of the door opening. Sun Rong had the courage to look at Jiugong Liangzi tentatively and asked, "Jiugong, can I ask you a question?" ?"

"Ask." Jiugong Liangzi snorted.

"Jiugong, have you... been captured by senior Zhuo Yi?"

Then. Sun Rong saw Jiugong Liangzi's originally calm face. It began to gradually change color...





Chapter 1488 The Creator of Ghost Book


The expression on Jiugong Liangzi's face instantly changed after hearing such a straightforward question. She and Zhuo Yi went downstairs mainly to hand over tasks with the female bodyguard named Junko.

Next, the three Viagra people will serve as an important "tainted witness" and Junko will be responsible for watching. It was just a normal handover at work. But Jiugong Liangzi didn't expect that he would run into Sun Rong when he went downstairs.

And I was asked such weird questions...

Strategy?

What a joke...

She won't be tricked by this smooth-talking old liar.

Jiugong Liangzi blushed. In fact, she did not reply directly. She just snorted: "Don't think that you can talk nonsense just because you helped me. My relationship with Zhuo Yi. is just a normal work relationship. That's all."

She crossed her arms and looked a little impatient. She just waited for the elevator door to open and slipped out.

Sun Rong looked at the girl's back. Under her calm appearance, she was actually slightly panicked.

"Zhuo Yi Senior, you really found a treasure." Sun Rong had a smile on his face. He also felt that Jiugong Liangzi was much cuter than he thought.

Originally, she and Jiugong Liangzi were at odds. The main reason was because Sun Rong was worried that Jiugong Liangzi would be detrimental to the young man in her heart.

And maybe he will also come up with some "sexy" plan to deal with classmate Wang Ling.

This is absolutely not allowed to happen.

But judging from the inquiry just now, Sun Rong feels that maybe Jiugong Liangzi didn't even notice it herself. She has actually fallen...

Treat Zhuo Yi. Maybe I can't say I like him yet. But I definitely have some good impressions.

After all, classmate Liangzi is a person who likes to talk nonsense.

"Sun Rong The school girl was joking." Zhuo Yi smiled bitterly.

The two of them walked out of the elevator door immediately. They walked slowly and tacitly.

"I see that Zhuo Yi, the senior, has no mental burden at all to pursue Liangzi. It seems that he already knows, right?" Not a few steps away, Sun Rong asked a tentative question. He could hear it instantly. Zhuo Yi was stunned.

"Sun Rong, the school girl, refers to the six mothers-in-law I will face in the future?" Zhuo Yi's eyes rolled around, pretending not to know.

"Zhuo Yi Senior, you underestimate me. I can still find out about this."

Sun Rong sighed. He smiled demurely and said, "But please don't worry, senior. I won't tell anyone about the secrets about classmate Liangzi."

"That's good."

Zhuo Yi breathed a sigh of relief: "Actually, I'm waiting too..."

He was waiting for the day when Jiugong Liangzi confessed the secret to him personally.

And Zhuo Yi deeply believes that when that day comes, it will never be too late.

When she came to the front desk to check out, Sun Rong felt the hostility toward her from the female bodyguard named Junko.

Sun Rong can't remember where he offended her. But he probably understands this kind of hostile look. After all, in the female bodyguard's inherent impression, she has always been the enemy of the Jiugong family.

"Junko. Don't be too rude."

Jiugong Liangzi noticed something strange about Junko and quickly reminded him softly.

Although the female bodyguard didn't understand what happened between her young lady and Miss Sun, she still restrained the sharpness in her eyes.

"The top priority is what I told you last night. Someone in my family is trying to use my time to study abroad to do something bad for me," Jiugong Liangzi said.

The people who have been identified now are the "Awei Trio" who are subordinate to Mrs. Six and obey orders.

As for the {Ghost Book} riots, Jiugong Liangzi felt that another group of people was secretly plotting.

In other words, there are at least two groups of people who want to deal with her.

And these two groups of people are currently on the surface... As for whether there are other forces in the family who want to take action against her, Jiugong Liangzi does not know.

She came to Huaxiu country to solve the "foreign troubles." She originally thought that after successfully exposing the Zhuo Yi matter, the Jiugong family would be able to enter the Huaxiu country's market more deeply.

But Jiugong Liangzi didn't expect that the "foreign troubles" were not solved, but the "internal troubles" in the family actually broke out in advance.

And last night, Jiugong Liangzi himself thought about it for a long time.

She felt that it might be more important to prioritize the internal affairs of the Jiugong family.

If the Jiugong family keeps fighting within the family, it will be useless even if she finally wins the domestic market of Huaxiu. If the family is not united, it will all come to nothing.

What's more...

New evidence that has emerged now actually shows that the incident at Zhuo Yi back then may have been a misunderstanding between the Jiugong family.

True combat power doesn't lie.

Zhuo Yi is indeed very strong. Jiugong Liangzi has experienced this personally.

After explaining the basic tasks, Jiugong Liangzi spoke further and said to the female bodyguard in front of him: "Junko, while you are watching over the three of Ah Wei, my newly hired bodyguard will be temporarily responsible for my safety."

Jiugong Liangzi originally wanted to hide this matter, but Junko was one of her own. She thought it would be better to be honest.

"Bodyguard? Who?" Junko was stunned.

She actually heard the rumors about the new bodyguard last night. She was very curious about who the new bodyguard was.

"It's me. I've been standing in front of you for a long time." Zhuo Yi pointed to himself. A smile spread across his face.

"You???" Junko was shocked.

Isn't this guy... the target of their investigation?

But soon the expression on her face returned to calmness...

Junko has his own understanding of why his lady hired Zhuo Yi as a bodyguard.

It must be to get closer to Zhuo Yi and find evidence of his "imposter." That's why this drama was arranged, right?

She understands!

As for these imposters, Junko himself is actually very angry.

Mainly in recent days, there have been more and more news about imposters. Things like pretending to be someone else and getting into college...

Although his academic degree was canceled later, such behavior has interfered with other people's lives.

These people who have used their power and money to change their own destiny have no idea how hard the people they impersonate have put in to change their own destiny.

To deal with this type of powerful imposters, it is generally difficult to find direct evidence because of the long time span.

That's why Miss Liangzi thought of hiring Zhuo Yi as a bodyguard and tying this guy to her side. Is there a better way to collect evidence...

As expected of Miss Liangzi!

Jiugong Liangzi looked at the female bodyguard's frown and felt speechless in his heart.

She never doubted Junko's ability to think...

However, facing Zhuo Yi and his current situation. Jiugong Liangzi really feels that it is difficult to fully explain this intricate relationship with just a few words.

So she just sighed in her heart. For the time being, she didn't care what the female bodyguard was thinking.

"Also, have you found the senior I want you to help me find?" Jiugong Liangzi suddenly asked at this time.

"Senior has changed his address. It took us a while to find his traces." The female bodyguard said: "Judging from Senior's current whereabouts, he seems to have been frequenting the Office of Strategic Deception recently."

"Haunt the Office of Strategic Deception?"

At this time, Jiugong Liangzi glanced at Zhuo Yi. She felt that Zhuo Yi could help.

"There are so many people going to the Office of Strategic Deception...so who is this senior?" Zhuo Yi asked, touching the back of his head.

"This is the original creator of {Ghost Book} back then."

Jiugong Liangzi looked at Zhuo Yi and said, "I can't tell you other things. It's just that this senior's name is Jin Deng."

Zhuo Yi: "..."





Chapter 1489 The Understanding King of the 9th Palace Family


It's such a small world...

Zhuo Yi sighed from the bottom of his heart.

Although when Jiugong Liangzi said the keyword "Office of Strategic Deception", he vaguely felt that some acquaintance of his might be involved.

I just didn't expect that this acquaintance was actually senior Jin Deng.

After all, he is a monk who has lived so many reincarnations. He has worked in all professions... Even the production of the Jiugong family's {Ghost Book} is related to him. He is a "full-time master!"

"It seems like you know this senior?" Jiugong Liangzi blinked and looked at Zhuo Yi. He seemed to be expecting something.

Zhuo Yi smiled coldly in his heart.

This is more than just a relationship...

Ever since he was "convinced" by Wang Ling, senior Jin Deng has become one of his own. Although he does not appear to be working in the Office of Strategic Deception, he actually works in the Office of Strategic Deception. in the core member group.

And because he knows that he is Wang Ling's apprentice, Jin Deng actually takes great care of Zhuo Yi. Basically, as long as Zhuo Yi dares to speak, Jin Deng will never refuse his request.

Of course. Zhuo Yi usually won't ask Jin Deng for help if nothing happens.

He knew very well that Jin Deng was willing to help him. To a large extent, it was for the sake of his master.

And for seniors like this, they may not be able to appreciate him even if he returns to his lover's family, so he might end up causing trouble to Master.

But now...

For the sake of Jiugong Liangzi. Zhuo Yi feels bold.

The main reason is that this can't be called a request. It's just an instruction to help Jiugong Liangzi meet with Monk Jin Deng.

"I probably know where Senior Jin Deng is. But it's hard to say whether we'll meet or not." Zhuo Yi deliberately let it slip: "Okay. I'll take Liangzi to have a look today."

"I'll go too! I can send someone else over to keep an eye on it!" Junko said.

"You can't. You have to stay and watch people."

Zhuo Yi looked at the female bodyguard: "Monk Jin Deng is not used to being disturbed. If too many people come, he will be unhappy."

"But..."

"Just do what Zhuo Yi says. Junko, keeping an eye on the three people, Ah Wei, is your first priority." Jiugong Liangzi said.

"I understand, miss! Do you really have something to do with this Zhuo Yi..." Junko felt like he had discovered a huge secret. He dismissed her so obviously. It was clear that he wanted to live in a world of two. !

"If you keep talking nonsense, I will deduct all your salary."

Jiugong Liangzi blushed. He snorted: "The reason why I chose you to come here and keep an eye on is because... I can only choose you! Now Ah Wei and the others are under protection. Everyone else thinks they are dead." This is such an important secret. It must be guarded by the person I trust most!"

"I am Miss. The person you trust most..."

"Of course!"

The female bodyguard named Junko was helpless. Jiugong Liangzi's words moved her a little. For this reason, she could only follow the order: "I understand. Miss, Junko will not let the miss down."

Then, she followed Jiugong Liangzi's instructions and went to the front desk to register her identity again.

Zhuo Yi glanced at the female bodyguard's temporary ID card and passport from a distance. The names on them were all: Junko Zhongchun.

From the beginning, Zhuo Yi felt that there was something wrong with this female bodyguard. But I couldn't tell what was wrong.

After all, he is someone whom Jiugong Liangzi trusts so much. Zhuo Yi actually doesn't want to doubt Junko Zhongchun's loyalty to Liangzi.

But just to be cautious...

He decided to find out the details of Junko privately.

"What are you thinking about? Can we leave now?"

At this time, Jiugong Liangzi looked at Zhuo Yi with anticipation and said.

"Nothing. I was just thinking about the name Junko Zhongchun." Zhuo Yi said.

"What's wrong with the name?"

"The words "grass" and "heavy" when combined together, don't they mean "dong"? And Miss Junko's mantra seems to be: I understand." Zhuo Yi smiled and said: "So. Miss Junko is the understanding king of your Jiugong family?"

"..."

Hearing this, the corner of Jiugong Liangzi's mouth twitched. He felt as if he had heard a cold joke with a homophone: "Do you think you are funny..."

"Are you cold? Sorry." Zhuo Yi smiled apologetically.

"Having this time, I'm afraid I would have found Senior Jin Deng long ago." Jiugong Liangzi sighed.

"The purpose of why you are so eager to find your predecessors. Do you want to know why the replica {Ghost Book} rioted?" Zhuo Yi asked.

"Yes."

Jiugong Liangzi said frankly: "The replica version in my hand has never had any problems before. But after all, that happened yesterday. This thing is like a time bomb in my hand now."

"Don't worry. You'll definitely find it." Zhuo Yi comforted the anxious girl. He calmed down and said, "And are you sure. We'll leave now?"

"Yes! Of course, the faster, the better!"

"But haven't we changed our clothes yet?"

Zhuo Yi smiled and said: "Of course. If you don't mind, of course I won't mind wearing this couple's Hanfu set with my classmate Liangzi."

"rogue..."

Jiugong Liangzi blushed. Then he stepped on Zhuo Yi angrily and ran upstairs to change clothes.

Zhuo Yi followed behind. There was a sour feeling on his face.

This foot makes him feel comfortable...

If you step on him while wearing black stockings, Zhuo Yi would feel quite interesting.

...

After Jiugong Liangzi, Zhuo Yi all left, Junko Zhongchun officially took over the task of looking after Ah Wei and the other three.

The room diagonally opposite the door. She could notice the slightest movement.

According to the rules of the Witness Protection Program, Ah Wei and the other two were not allowed to leave the room without a special request.

They were staying in a three-person suite. The signal in the room was blocked. No signal from any communication magic weapon could be transmitted.

Junko will be responsible for the meals for the three of them. He will deliver the meals at designated times and watch them take away all the trash after they finish eating.

Of course. In order to ensure that Ah Wei and the three of them will not go crazy in the room, the TV in the room can be activated normally. There is also a game console installed. They can play some stand-alone games that do not require online connection to pass the time.

This was originally a very simple job. It was even a bit boring and tedious. But the advantage is that it is generally relatively leisurely.

Logically speaking, Junko Zhongchun should be happy. But she didn't feel relaxed at all.

Previously, she wanted to go with Jiugong Liangzi to meet Jin Deng. It was also because she had her own little plan...

At this time, it is absolutely right not to stay in the hotel.

Because the three of them, Ah Wei, are very important to Miss Liangzi...

But now she is forced to stay. Even Junko Zhongchun himself doesn't know what will happen next.

She hugged her knees and sat on the bed. The thoughts in her heart were extremely complicated.

At this time, the phone vibrated.

The same "unknown call" as before made Junko Zhongchun's heart instantly lift.

"What's going on? It seems that you haven't reported the situation for two days in a row..." Although the voice on the other end of the phone has been changed, it can still be heard. This is a person with a rough voice.

Junko Zhongchun knew who she was talking to. She immediately fell silent. After a long time, he said: "Sorry... I took leave yesterday and went to the hospital... so..."

"Don't make excuses."

The person on the other end of the phone didn't bother to listen to the explanation: "Ms. Junko, I hope you can understand your situation and position. Don't play tricks."

"I know..."

"Very good. Now, let me ask you...Jiugong Liangzi. Is she still alive?"

On the other side of the phone, the person sneered in a controlled tone: "Ms. Junko, I hope you can answer truthfully..."





Chapter 1490 Jiugong Tongxīng


Jiugong Liangzi changed into a light white sportswear.

In fact. This is Junko Zhongchun's clothes.

Considering that there will be more "field work" later on, it seems more convenient to move around in sportswear.

She tied her hair up and put on a white peaked cap to hold it down. From a distance, she looked like a good-looking boy.

Of course. The main reason that makes Jiugong Liangzi look like a boy in this outfit is not the sportswear, not the bunted hair, and not the peaked cap. It is because the height of the chest is really not high.

Zhuo Yi personally drove Jiugong Liangzi to the place where Jin Deng currently stayed. On the way, out of the corner of his eye, he would look at the girl sitting next to him in the passenger seat with her arms folded and her eyes slightly closed.

Halfway through the journey, Jiugong Liangzi finally couldn't bear it anymore: "Have you seen enough?"

"Shouldn't I be the one to ask this?" Zhuo Yi held the steering wheel without any panic.

"What do you mean?" Jiugong Liangzi frowned.

"You don't look at me. How do you know I'm looking at you?"

"..." This question made Jiugong Liangzi stunned on the spot.

This is Zhuo Yi's usual hooligan-style sophistry. She knows that as a foreigner, if she continues to quarrel with Zhuo Yi, she will most likely fall behind.

So he simply snorted and turned around.

"If you want to see it, just be generous and look at me through the reflection in the glass window. Isn't that a bit too petty?" Zhuo Yi said with a smile.

"You...are talking nonsense!" I wonder if Zhuo Yi was right. The girl's face became hot.

"Are you talking nonsense? You can figure it out yourself."

"You haven't been looking at me with your peripheral vision..."

"I'm driving. I have to look at the road. I have no choice. I can only look at you with my peripheral vision."

"..."

She was thankful that the car was driving through a tunnel now. The environment inside was relatively dark. It was impossible to see the change in her expression. Otherwise, it would have been too embarrassing.

Jiugong Liangzi is a person who can adjust his emotions quickly. This is something that even Sun Rong cannot match.

The moment the car drove out of the tunnel, the girl's face returned to normal and turned into that cold poker face again.

pity...

Zhuo Yi sighed inwardly. He never denied that he liked to tease Jiugong Liangzi.

The main reason is because he deeply feels the cute side of the girl. But the problem is that Jiugong Liangzi's emotions fluctuate quickly and he adjusts quickly. It really makes Zhuo Yi sometimes unable to tell what the girl is thinking inside.

"How did you do it?" Finally. Zhuo Yi couldn't help but ask.

"What?"

"Your emotional calming skills."

Jiugong Liangzi blushed: "When I was a child, I worked as a child star for a while."

"Oh, so you have been involved in the entertainment industry?" Zhuo Yi was surprised: "That's not right. But it seems that this has never been mentioned on your resume? Which film and television series have you filmed?"

"It's just an advertisement." Jiugong Liangzi frowned slightly. He seemed unwilling to face his past.

"Then why didn't you consider continuing? You didn't become crippled. Instead, you became cuter."

When Zhuo Yi said this, Jiugong Liangzi quickly raised his hand and pressed his hat. He tried his best to restrain his expression.

"This was never what I wanted to do...it was the result of my mother's wishful thinking." Jiugong Liangzi explained.

It is precisely for this reason that she never wants to mention that she once worked as a "child star" in commercials.

In Jiugong Liangzi's opinion, this is actually a "black history."

Of course, the female bodyguard Junko knew about this. But because she knew it was a "minefield", Junko Zhongchun never mentioned it.

But now Jiugong Liangzi actually brought it up. And it was in front of Zhuo Yi.

This made her feel a little incredible.

For a long time after that, the car fell into silence.

Finally, he found an opportunity to be alone with the girl. Zhuo Yi would certainly not miss this kind of teasing between the two people.

He knew that Jiugong Liangzi had always been more concerned about his image. In a situation like this where no outsiders were around, it didn't matter even if he made a little joke, because no one else heard it.

"What commercials have you filmed?"Zhuo Yi then asked.

"..." The corners of Jiugong Liangzi's mouth twitched.

She thought the topic had been discussed.

Sure enough. She underestimated Zhuo Yi.

This old liar obviously did it on purpose...

"None of your business..." She clenched her little fists. The expression on her face changed like the energy indicator light on Ultraman's chest.

"Isn't this a serious advertisement?" Zhuo Yi deliberately used clichés.

"Of course it's serious! It's a lifestyle advertisement! It's something used in every household!" Jiugong Liangzi was excited. He quickly realized that he had let slip something.

"Lifestyle advertising?"

Zhuo Yi thought for a moment: "Toilet paper? Roll paper?"

He was the first to think of this answer.

After all, these two are essential things for single men.

In every lonely late night...there is always toilet paper. It is also the romance of a man living alone.

Seeing that the expression on the girl's face didn't change much. Zhuo Yi knew that 80% of his guesses were wrong. He quickly changed his words: "It can't be family planning supplies..."

"I was so cute when I was a kid! Everyone who saw me made them want to have more babies! How could I endorse family planning products..." After Jiugong Liangzi finished speaking, she found that she had been tricked by Zhuo Yi again.

This is the interrogation technique that Zhuo Yi learned from Lao Liang at Songhai City Number 1 Prison.

Zhuo Yi I never thought that it could be useful in love.

He was driving a car. Zhuo Yi held the steering wheel. He suddenly laughed and said, "I see...the advertisement you are endorsing is not for diapers or something..."

After all. This is an advertisement that Jiugong Liangzi regards as black history.

This is the only type that Zhuo Yi can think of.

What do baby diaper ads look like?

The scene of an ignorant baby crawling around with its bare butt on a soft mat without knowing anything and being teased by the staff... Just thinking about it makes me feel ashamed.

This time, Jiugong Liangzi completely buried his head in his knees, looking autistic.

She listened to Zhuo Yi's laughter and tried hard to hold back her laughter. Finally, she suddenly raised her head and looked at him with a very gloomy expression: "If you dare to search...I will never pay attention to you again!"

"Don't worry. It won't happen." Zhuo Yi comforted him.

In fact, that's exactly what he had in mind...

A few minutes later, he drove the car towards an uphill mountain road.

"What is this place?"

"I have already contacted Senior Jin Deng. Senior Jin Deng has been meditating in the mountains these days."

The car drove halfway up the mountain. There was no road for vehicles to go uphill. This was an abandoned viewing platform. No one had been there for a long time. Because there had been countless accidents here, the road had long been destroyed. is closed.

Zhuo Yi had no choice but to park the car on the spot and chose to walk up the mountain with Jiugong Liangzi.

"Is Jin Deng-senpai really in a place like this..."

"This is Fenglei Mountain. Due to the special geographical environment, thunderclouds are often shrouded on the top of the mountain. However, for cultivators, it is a good place for body tempering because there is a certain probability of being struck by lightning."

"..."

Jiugong Liangzi followed Zhuo Yi up the uphill mountain road with hesitation.

No sign of Monk Jin Deng was seen. However, Monk Jin Deng's voice was heard.

The girl was stunned for a moment...

It sounds like it is a mantra for exorcising demons: "The mighty heavenly dragon, the World Honored Ksitigarbha, the Great Law Mantra, Prajna Buddhas, Prajna Bamacuo! The flying dragon is in the sky! - Go!"

After reciting the mantra. Zhuo Yi and Jiugong Liangzi saw a thousand-foot thunder dragon rushing toward the sky from the top of the mountain...





Sun Rong and Wang Nuan} Extra 13: Wang Ling What does it cost to be friends?


When Sun Rong rested his head on Wang Ling's lap, Father Wang and Mother Wang were "forced to take a drive."

The off-road vehicle Father Wang drives was bought by Wang Ling in his senior year of high school. The outer shell was enlightened by Wang Ling. It is indestructible and once saved the world.

Anyway, there is almost no thing on earth that can smash Father Wang's black off-road vehicle into pieces. It can remain intact even under a nuclear warhead.

The couple finished shopping for groceries. It was actually quite early.

As she was about to return to the villa, Mother Wang began to look at the surveillance probe at home. In fact, this surveillance probe was not surveillance in the strict sense. It just had the function of surveillance at the same time.

Essentially, this is just a stabilizing device used to remotely control "Eternal Talisman." It is used to absorb the special radiation released by Eternal Talisman.

Father Wang and Mother Wang are ordinary people after all. The main component of Eternal Talisman is the "black stone" with powerful radioactive material discovered by Wang Ling.

After the black stone was refined by Wang Ming and used to create "Eternal Talisman", although the radioactive material was reduced, it still existed.

So in order to completely eliminate this influence, Wang Ming developed a stabilizer that can absorb this radioactive material. It was installed on the ceiling of the first floor of the Wang family's villa.

And because this stabilizing device is connected to the satellite at the same time, it also has a monitoring function...

"I found that you became very gossipy after giving birth to Ah Nuan girl." Father Wang was driving. He looked straight ahead and criticized Mother Wang for her gossipy heart.

He didn't know if it's because of my age. Mother Wang does know that she seems to be a bit gossipy.

She knew it was wrong to do so, but she just couldn't help it. She couldn't help but roll her eyes.

Of course. With this burning heart of gossip, Mother Wang would naturally have no interest if Wang Ling was alone at home.

Only when Sun Rong comes to their home as a guest and are alone with Wang Ling.

Wang Ma's spirit of gossip was completely on fire.

"What are Ling Ling and Rongrong doing?" Father Wang asked.

Although he criticized Mother Wang's gossip and refused to watch the surveillance with Mother Wang, Father Wang still asked questions honestly.

"Ling Ling is awake. Rongrong has cooked porridge for him. Good girl..." Mother Wang looked at the surveillance camera and was a little moved.

"Already drinking? Are there any comments or anything like that?"

"The voice was too low. I couldn't hear clearly." Mother Wang frowned. Then she looked at Father Wang and said, "Are you almost home?"

"Yes." Father Wang nodded.

"Why are you driving so fast...drive slower! It's hard for the two children to have a chance to be alone together!"

"..."

Father Wang held the steering wheel and smiled bitterly: "Don't we have to rush back to make lunch? It's only after nine o'clock."

"No! It's too early! We can't just go back!" Mother Wang said, shaking her head.

"Then how many more detours are there?"

"Well, drive slowly. Let Ling Ling drink the porridge that Rongrong cooked first."

"good."

Father Wang nodded.

That's it. The couple reached a unanimous consensus on the matter.

It's almost eleven o'clock...

In the car, Mother Wang suddenly burst out laughing: "Wow! Rongrong rested his head on Ling Ling's lap!"

"Are you envious? If you lean back, I will lean on you." Father Wang smiled.

"Who cares about your old arms and legs?" Mother Wang stared at the monitor intently. Her face was also slightly red, with a sweet smile.

"Mom, we're almost home. We seemed to have traveled hundreds of kilometers just now..."

"Wait a moment. Rongrong is attacking fiercely now. It's better not to disturb her."

"..."

Father Wang suddenly had a bad feeling.

Mother Wang: "How about you go around a few more times?"

Father Wang: "..."

He finally discovered that today's meal is inedible...

He sighed silently in his heart. Father Wang turned the car around.

"What are you going to do?"

"Add some oil..."

Father Wang couldn't laugh or cry in his heart.

He thought their family seemed a bit strange.

Children from other families talk about friends. When a parent wraps up a red envelope, it is always meaningful. It costs money.

Their Wang Ling home is good. It wastes gas...

...

Sun Rong went back after lunch. Father Wang and Mother Wang wanted to keep the girl for dinner. However, Sun Rong seemed to have something to do. After lunch, they helped clear the table together. Left in a hurry.

"What a wonderful girl." Mother Wang couldn't help but sigh at the back of Sun Rong, who was walking away with the spirit sword.

This was actually said to Wang Ling on purpose.

Wang Ling came back to his senses and glanced at Mother Wang. He was sitting on the sofa, looking at the TV with a blank expression. There was an inexplicable feeling of emptiness in his heart.

"Ling Ling." At this time, Mother Wang came towards him with a smile on her face. With just one look, she drove Father Wang away from the sofa.

Family status. Obviously.

Then, Mother Wang sat down directly. Then she followed Sun Rong and fell on Wang Ling's lap. She sighed with satisfaction on her face: "Don't tell me, it's quite comfortable. Our home Ling Ling's legs don't look like they have a lot of flesh, but they are very firm. They feel more comfortable than those memory foam pillows."

Wang Ling: "..."

"Really or not. Can you give me a try?" Father Wang suddenly felt excited and wanted to try it too.

"Wait. Let me lie down for a while." Mother Wang yawned. She was lying on the ground feeling slightly sleepy.

"Is it that comfortable..." Father Wang questioned.

He stared at Mother Wang's left leg lying on it, feeling envious in his heart.

Wang Ling held his forehead. He looked at Father Wang and pointed at his other leg: "You actually don't need to grab it..."

As a result, at this time, the couple refused in unison: "No! We only want the right leg!"

Wang Ling: "?"

Mother Wang laughed: "The left leg belongs to Miss Rong. We don't dare to have it."

"..."

Thinking of the weight left by the girl sitting on his lap, Wang Ling's face suddenly became rosy again.

He didn't expect that he would be "molested" by his own father and mother.

Then it was like this until about ten o'clock in the evening. Wang Ling was still sitting alone on the sofa in a daze. Although his face seemed expressionless, something seemed wrong about his face.

"It's a bit strange, the child's father..."

Mother Wang put on the facial mask and looked at Wang Ling who seemed to be in a daze.

In Mother Wang's memory, she rarely saw Wang Ling behave like this. It was as if the computer suddenly crashed...

Although provenance Wang Mu-tou has always been provenance Wang Mu-tou. But normally, even if he's a log. It's not like he's not moving at all.

Take watching TV as an example. Wang LingWatching TV without eating crispy noodles is outrageous.

"It's a bit strange." Father Wang also felt that there was something wrong with this smell.

It seems that they have entered this daze mode since they "molested" each other.

"Is there something wrong with Fu?" Mother Wang was worried.

"Don't be nervous. I'm going to call Xiao Ming and ask him what's going on..."

...





Chapter 1491 Dawei Dragon!


This thunder dragon was shot from the palm of monk Jin Deng. On the spot, the dark clouds in the sky were twisted together like twists. It only took an instant. The thunder in the sky was accompanied by the dragon's roar.

By the time Zhuo Yi and Jiugong Liangzi reached the top, the top of the mountain that was originally obscured by dark clouds actually showed a dazzling scene of clouds and fog dispersing, and the sun shining brightly.

Monk Jin Deng's palm consumed all the thunderclouds accumulated in this area.

However, Fenglei Mountain has a special environment. The sun shining here is considered a strange phenomenon. The bright scene in front of us is temporary. In less than half an hour, the place will be covered by a large number of dark clouds again.

Ordinary people would not dare to set foot in a dangerous area covered by thunder like this. Monk Jin Deng naturally didn't care.

He can even withstand the thunder of chaos, let alone this mere nature.

The reason why we chose Fenglei Mountain is that the monk is actually practicing his new palm technique: {Dawei Dragon}.

A palm technique that can condense the power of nature. Convert natural energy into spiritual energy to cause explosive lethality. Monk Jin Deng has tried many condensations of natural power. In the end, he found that natural thunder is the most powerful blessing to the palm technique.

Of course, compared to the monk's other more destructive palm techniques, there is actually a big gap between {Dawei Dragon}. As far as Monk Jin Deng can judge, this set of palm techniques can only be regarded as his basic palm techniques. However, there is indeed a need for research.

The main reason is that Monk Jin Deng found that his palm skills are too powerful. Although the character of One Palm Holy Monk is very handsome, if he has to face some tasks of capturing alive, there is a small probability that he will make a mistake...

He was obviously the target to be captured alive, but he ended up being transcended by his own palm. This was very embarrassing.

And {Dawei Dragon} is a new spell developed by monk Jin Deng based on his current situation. In addition to regulating the power, the more important point is... this trick can 100% capture the monk alive on the earth. Any ghost.

"You are Senior Jin Deng..." Jiugong Liangzi didn't expect that this time Zhuo Yi actually didn't lie to her!

He successfully led her to find the legendary senior who developed {Ghost Book}...

There was obviously a look of excitement on her face. She wanted to kneel down to salute, but the moment her knees bent, she was helped up by monk Jin Deng: "Girl, you don't have to be so polite."

The monk smiled. His smooth head reflected light under the direct sunlight.

Jiugong Liangzi was stunned. Suddenly she felt that Monk Jin Deng was much kinder than she thought. And... he also looked younger than she thought.

"Senior, do you know me?" Jiugong Liangzi asked.

"Of course. You are a child of the Jiugong family."

Jin Deng said: "The old head of the Jiugong family was once an old friend of mine. And the {Ghost Book} given to him was actually a testimony of my friendship with him."

"Then senior must also know about me?"

"It's natural. Mr. Zhuo and I are also good friends. I knew you were coming to see me before he told me."

A few short words shocked Jiugong Liangzi. Monk Jin Deng was an expert at knowing things. Even more amazing than she imagined.

What surprised the girl the most was that such a senior who was kind to their Jiugong family actually seemed to have a close friendship with Zhuo Yi.

So now Jiugong Liangzi feels completely messed up.

She felt that the Zhuo Yi she knew was not the same person as the old liar widely rumored within the Jiugong family...

"The replica {Ghost Book} in Miss Liangzi's hand is the real reason for the riot. The poor monk already knows who the culprit is."

At this time, the monk narrowed his eyes: "Someone used the {Ghost Book} to forcefully open the replica's escape channel and release those ghosts."

"Use primary residence..."

Jiugong Liangzi frowned deeply.

The main book of {Ghost Book} was sealed in Jiugong's home... In other words, the real reason for the riots in the replica {Ghost Book} in her hand was indeed related to the people inside Jiugong's home on Sun Island.

Jiugong Liangzi: "But who is it..."

Hearing this, the monk was silent and said calmly: "It's not time for the poor monk to reveal this matter, because it is related to the fate of Miss Liangzi and the Jiugong family. Therefore, the poor monk can only talk about it here. The rest of the matter is still needed. Miss Liangzi went to investigate on her own."

"I understand. Thank you for your guidance, senior."

Jiugong Liangzi's pupils contracted slightly.

At the same time, she already had a brand new strategy in mind.

Before fighting against the outside world, you must first settle the inside. It is urgent to deal with the internal affairs of the Jiugong family.

But if she returns to investigate in person now, she will definitely encounter a more dangerous situation.

So now. It seems there is only one way left.

This is a plan that was previously "suspended" by Jiugong Liangzi.

But now it seems that this plan seems to be the best choice...

...

So...

That night, Jiugong Liangzi went to meet someone.

After deciding to reactivate the "on hold" plan, it took her several hours to make up her mind to come.

For Jiugong Liangzi, this is the first time in her short life of more than ten years that she has come to ask for special favors like this.

As Jiugong Liangzi's entrustment, in fact even Sun Rong was surprised: "Classmate Liangzi, you are..."

The living room of the villa where Sun Rong lives. Various gifts brought by Jiugong Liangzi are placed on the floor.

There are perfumes, high-end cosmetics, skin care products and many local specialties exclusive to Sun Island.

"I know you don't lack anything. So if you want these things, take them. If you don't, just throw them away. Anyway, I'll put them here. It doesn't matter even if you throw them away." Jiugong Liangzi snorted.

"Classmate Liangzi took the trouble. Since it is a gift from Classmate Liangzi, of course I will cherish it." Sun Rong laughed.

After getting to know Jiugong Liangzi's personality, she was already used to some of the girls' words that sounded a bit "harsh" and "discourteous."

Because these words need to be listened to in reverse.

"Since you accepted my gift, does that mean...that you are willing to help me?" Jiugong Liangzi had a hopeful look on his face.

"I need to hear what the business is first."

Sun Rong smiled and said: "If Liangzi comes here for breast enlargement, I definitely can't help it..."

"You sound like you're very big!" Jiugong Liangzi sneered.

"I'm older than you. Classmate Liangzi." Sun Rong smiled.

This is her deliberate attempt to test Jiugong Liangzi's sincerity.

What Sun Rong didn't expect was that the girl in front of him was not angry because of these words. It seemed that he really wanted something from her.

"I came to you...that's not why I came to you!"

Jiugong Liangzi calmed down and looked at Sun Rong. She hesitated for a moment, then slowly said: "I want to ask classmate Sun Rong to pretend to be me and return to Jiugong's house."

"Why are you asking me?" Faced with such a request, Sun Rong felt surprised.

At this time, Jiugong Liangzi looked at Sun Rong and said seriously: "Because only you are worthy of pretending to be me, Jiugong Liangzi!"

"Is that so?"

Suddenly. Sun Rong smiled and said, "Isn't it really the suggestion that senior Zhuo Yi gave you?"

Just half an hour ago in fact.

Sun Rong received a text message from Zhuo Yi to explain Jiugong Liangzi's plan in detail.

And at the beginning of the message. The first words were: " Master's Wife! I beg you.

...





Chapter 1492 Wang Ling is going abroad?


Let Sun Rong pretend to be himself. Return to Sun Island to solve the family's internal problems.

Jiugong Liangzi is really not sure whether Sun Rong will agree to this matter.

When everyone in the Jiugong family thought she was still studying in Huaxiu, the fake Jiugong who played her suddenly appeared in the family. It would definitely cause chaos for those in the family who were hiding in secret and plotting evil.

And this trick of "transformation" was what Jiugong Liangzi had planned from the beginning.

She originally knew that someone within the family was trying to take action against her, so she made a plan in advance.

This trick is easy to lure the snake out of its hole.

It's just that Jiugong Liangzi didn't expect that the people in the clan would be so eager to attack her, which made the whole plan have to be carried out in advance.

According to the original plan, Jiugong Liangzi planned to let Junko play himself. But unfortunately, the plan could not keep up with the changes...

For things to develop to this point, it is obviously not what Jiugong Liangzi wants to see.

Human nature is complex. More complex than the ghosts recorded in {Ghost Book}.

"so it is."

After listening to Jiugong Liangzi tell the whole story about what he knew, Sun Rong nodded slightly: "So, classmate Liangzi, you have noticed that there is something wrong with the female bodyguard named Junko Zhongchun, right?"

"Yes." The expression on Jiugong Liangzi's face was slightly melancholy: "But I only learned the exact information after coming to Huaxiu country. So I asked Junko to pretend to be me and return to Jiugong's house to lure the snake out of the hole. Now I can only choose another candidate."

"Why would she betray you?"

"Maybe it's because he was threatened. What I know is that Junko has a sister who is not related by blood."

Jiugong Liangzi said: "Her sister should have been kidnapped. Judging from the method, it is a bit like the method of Mrs. Six. Mrs. Six's family was originally a famous underworld family on Sun Island. But there is no conclusive evidence yet."

"Need help?"

"No. In fact, Junko's sister has been successfully rescued by us secretly." Jiugong Liangzi said.

"Since you knew there was something wrong with Miss Junko, why did you send her to the hotel to keep an eye on her?" Sun Rong asked.

Hearing this, Jiugong Liangzi frowned slightly: "Junko has watched me grow up. She is like my sister. She is indeed the person I trust most. She really wants to kill me. In fact, she has many opportunities. But Sister Junko never made a move..."

"So. You still believe her?"

"Will the witness protection plan be leaked? This is the final test."

Jiugong Liangzi said: "The other party is still hiding the fact that Junko's sister has been rescued. They plan to use this to continue to coerce Junko."

"Won't be discovered?"

"Just use those pre-recorded videos. If you change the time a little, Junko will still be kept in the dark unless we reveal the truth..."

"Last question."

At this time, Sun Rong sighed slightly and said: "According to the original plan, Junko will disguise himself as you. Then Junko will disappear. In order to avoid suspicion, do you still have to find someone to pretend to be Junko?"

"That's right. There are actually people who can pretend to be Junko. But Zhuo Yi just suggested that I change..."

"Substitution? Who?"

"Senior Jin Deng...Zhuo Yi told me. You also know this senior."

Sun Rong: "..."

"He said that Jin Deng-senpai has more experience playing the role of a woman in order to understand the sufferings of the world. And if Jin Deng-senpai is accompanying you, your safety will be guaranteed."

In fact, when Jiugong Liangzi learned that the monk had been a "women's clothing boss", his young heart also collapsed.

Senior Jin Deng...this is one of the seniors she admires most in her life!

Who knew that such a tall and majestic image would be destroyed by Zhuo Yi's words...

That's the whole story of the incident. We don't know yet whether Jiugong's plan can be implemented smoothly. Sun Rong.

But the monk disguised himself as Junko and stayed with her. Just thinking about that scene is very "beautiful."

As for the Jiugong family, Sun Rong has the blessing of Aohai's combat power after all. There is nothing to be afraid of.

But now, she is even more afraid of laughing...

At this time, Sun Rong could not help but sigh in his heart.

Seniors like Jin are so generous!

For the descendants of old friends of the Jiugong family, he actually sacrificed himself to this extent.

He is worthy of being the sage of Buddhism who has seen through the mortal world. The strongest sage on earth...

Such seniors have achieved this level.

So what reason does she have for refusing?

...

In fact, Sun Rong had already figured out the matter of agreeing to Jiugong Liangzi's request as early as when Zhuo Yi sent her a text message to beg her.

Because from the overall assessment, Jiugong Liangzi is an object that can be developed.

If I can win him over and become one of my own, I won't have to worry about her investigating Wang Ling in the future.

I helped Jiugong Liangzi. It not only solved the worries of my classmate Wang Ling. It also solved my own worries about Jiugong Liangzi.

This is the best of both worlds. Sun Rong sees no reason not to agree.

According to Jiugong Liangzi's plan.

Now she pretends to be "Jiugong Liangzi", and monk Jin Deng pretends to be the female bodyguard "Junko Zhongchun."

But this alone is not enough.

Because you don't have to pretend at the beginning. You need to act according to the situation after landing on the island.

If you just pretend to land on the island from the beginning, the purpose is too obvious.

Therefore, there needs to be a cover...

As for this point, Zhuo Yi has already helped Jiugong Liangzi think about it all.

On the night when Jiugong Liangzi visited the Sun Rong villa.

Almost at the same moment. Zhuo Yi also visited the Wang family's small villa.

Wang Ling just welcomed Zhuo Yi into the bedroom. The moment the bedroom door closed.

I saw Zhuo Yi immediately kneeling down and using the power of inertia to "drift" all the way towards Wang Ling.

Then, he tightly hugged Wang Ling's thigh: ''Master! Apprentice begged you ...... Sun Island exchange program, you must go ah! The happiness of the second half of my life, all in the hands of you, my master, ah!"

Wang Ling: "..."

Sun Island Exchange Student Program. There are three places in total.

In fact, this is a specially designed cover operation by Zhuo Yi for the smooth progress of Jiugong's "transformation plan."

Because it is essentially for investigation. Therefore, the exchange student quota can only be reserved this time.

In other words, as a participant in the "Metamorphosis Plan", the monk will use the new teacher identity of "Huo Ding" as the "leading teacher" to accompany the inspection.

And "Sun Rong" will also occupy an exchange student spot as a cover.

Accompanying teachers are not included in the quota. Therefore, there are still two remaining places to actually participate in the exchange program.

"..." At this time. Wang Ling touched his chin and thought for a while.

Even if you agree to Zhuo Yi's request.

So there is an extra spot. Who does Zhuo Yi plan to reserve for?

"There are remaining places. Master, don't worry. As long as Master agrees..."

Zhuo Yi said: "Mr. Wang Ming said. He wants to go."

Wang Ling was stunned: "..."

He understands everything. But the problem is. Wang Ming doesn't seem to be a student of Number 60 High School... This seems a bit too forced!

Zhuo Yi seems to have considered Wang Ling's problem a long time ago: "Master, don't worry. Because Mr. Ming used the identity of Wang Xiaoer to participate in the military training exercises of the six schools before. So Mr. Ming's student status information is actually still in Number 60 High School. It's just on suspension. It can be activated at any time."

Wang Ling: "???"





Chapter 1493 The compatibility between Wang Ming and Zhai Yin


Wang Ling suddenly felt that Zhuo Yi seemed a bit bold recently. However, he had never seen Zhuo Yi beg like this for someone.

For a moment, a string in Wang Ling's heart was touched. But he couldn't tell what kind of emotion it was.

He felt that he should be able to understand it. However, every time like this, Wang Ling felt as if his heart was being pinched tightly by an invisible big hand.

That invisible hand was like a cage, crushing all his ups and downs of emotions into the turbulent but secret undercurrent in his heart...

So. Wang Ling often feels confused.

However, in front of him, Zhuo Yi's request for Jiugong Liangzi seemed to touch him again. He could not refuse Zhuo Yi's request.

Forget it. Just think of it as fulfilling the friendship between master and disciple...

Wang Ling actually felt very complicated. But he still found a reason to agree to Zhuo Yi's request.

This kind of giving up all your strength for the person you like...Wang Ling feels that this scene is a bit familiar.

During the joint military training exercise of the six schools last semester, the old devil knelt down in front of General Yi for his wife.

To this day. Wang Ling still remembers that scene.

The scene at that time seemed to be engraved in his mind and he could not forget it.

Maybe it will take a lot of time for him to truly understand such a move...but his road is still long. Who knows when he will understand?

Maybe ten years? Maybe twenty years? Or maybe. Forever...

Wang Ling smiled sadly in his heart.

He reached out and rubbed the curly hair on Zhuo Yi's forehead. Zhuo Yi felt a warm current pouring into his head from the center of his eyebrows.

Wang Ling seemed to give him a power, filling up the reservoir of {thirty-three small paths of vitality} in his body.

At the same time, he told Zhuo Yi something. He hoped that Zhuo Yi would pay more attention to it while he was away from the country.

"Master, have you agreed?" Zhuo Yi was overjoyed. Tears of excitement flowed down his face.

In fact, he did not have the idea that Wang Ling would definitely agree to him at the beginning.

After all, my own requirements conflict with the peaceful life that Master has always been passionate about.

Going abroad to be an exchange student is really eye-catching...

However, Zhuo Yi has actually thought of a remedy.

This operation is a two-way communication operation between Number 60 High School and Sun Island. As long as other schools are not involved, temporarily blocking the news can still be done Zhuo Yi.

After Zhuo Yi left. Wang Ling was waiting in the bedroom for the man to appear...

When the remote holographic projection appeared in the bedroom, Wang Ming's smiling face revealed in front of Wang Ling's eyes.

The young man looked at Wang Ling's eyes. He couldn't help but smile: "I really didn't follow you on purpose this time. I really have something important to do."

He looked at Wang Ling and said, "Do you still remember the set of Silver Horn DNA that we investigated before?"

"Teacher Guo Ping is now an expert in this field? Although no DNA comparison data can be found in the big database. However, he still judged that this Silver Horn man may be related to some aliens who illegally reside on the Earth on Sun Island."

"His judgment is consistent with the result I obtained by intruding into the private database in private. Originally, this matter should have been handed over to Teacher Guo Ping. But it's hard to get away from it..."

"..." Wang Ling looked at Wang Ming doubtfully.

He knew this man too well...even if he didn't need to read his mind, he would know that there must be other reasons behind it.

"Okay. I admit it. There are actually not many opportunities for this kind of public travel. I have been holding back in Huaxiu for too long. I just want to find an opportunity to go out and have fun."

"What about Zhai Yin?" Wang Ling asked via voice transmission.

"I definitely can't get rid of her...she will buy another ticket to follow." Wang Ming said.

At this time, Er Ha, who had been lying on the ground silently for a long time, lazily raised his eyelids and chuckled: "I think this girl should like you."

"Be more confident. Remove the should. She just likes me." Wang Ming said.

Wang Ling, Er Ha: "..."

Er Ha rolled his eyes: "You know that you still hang on to others?"

"I'm doing this for her own good...and I think it's probably impossible for Yinzi and I..."

Wang Ming sighed: "I used {brain deduction} to calculate the compatibility between me and her. The compatibility is really too low. There is only a very small probability. It is a happy ending together."

As he spoke, Wang Ming raised a finger.

"You only have a 10% chance?" Er Ha asked.

Wang Ming shook his head: "Number 0.10%."

Wang Ling, Er Ha: "..."

Wang Ming's smile gradually disappeared: "Maybe I am not the one he is destined for... If Yinzi is with someone else, she may live a happier life."

...

On the other side, the Sun Island exchange student plan was also sent to Jiugong's family at the same time. This was the internal communication between Jiugong Liangzi and Jiugong's family. The news was released in advance. This was also the plan formulated after discussion between Jiugong Liangzi and Zhuo Yi.

"Number 60 High School is sending three students here, right? Liangzi?" The person who called Jiugong Liangzi was the exclusive foreign affairs liaison officer of the Jiugong family. Yingxian Heming.

This is an old man with silver-white back hair. He is very tall and has a childlike face. There is not a single wrinkle on his face.

"Yes. Uncle Ying. I will send you the information of the three people and the leader of the team later." Jiugong Liangzi said.

"No problem. Leave it to me. Don't worry, Miss Liangzi. I will definitely contact the best school closest to Jiugong's home to give our distinguished guests from afar the best experience."

Yingxian Heming smiled: "Speaking of which, wouldn't Miss Liangzi take the opportunity to go home and take a look? The head of the family, the eldest master and the eldest wife all miss you."

This sounded like a test. Jiugong Liangzi was silent. Then he replied with a smile: "I haven't completely established myself in Huaxiu country. So I can't come back for the time being. Please don't worry, grandpa and parents."

"And I should be able to find out the whereabouts of that dead fish-eyed boy soon."

"The fish-eyed boy? You mean the one who was witnessed by the Day-traveling ghost back then..."

"Exactly." Jiugong Liangzi said: "I invested a huge sum of money in Master Shou Chong's research institute. I believe that soon he will be able to develop a tool that can successfully find the boy."

On the phone, the girl was not there to report that she was safe at home. She also explained her various plans. However, she did not say that she had been poisoned by "the whole world is full of dead fish eyes"...

The announcement was completed. After Jiugong Liangzi hung up the phone, he patted his flat chest and breathed a sigh of relief: "Finally everything is done..."

At this time, she was still in the bedroom of Sun Rong.

"Are you still looking for that boy with dead fish eyes?" After listening to Jiugong Liangzi's words, Sun Rong asked, holding back a smile.

"Yes! If it weren't for your medicine that makes me look at others with blind eyes... I might have found him long ago..."

Sun Rong: "I think you should not be too attached to this. You might not be able to find it..."

Jiugong Liangzi said: "No! I will definitely find him after you and your classmate Wang Ling go abroad!"

Sun Rong: "..."





Chapter 1494 The Nightmare of Jiugong Liangzi


"Sun Rong. This time... thank you very much."

After getting the exact answer, Jiugong Liangzi finally felt a little relieved.

"You're welcome Jiugong." Sun Rong said with a smile. The smile was very generous and sincere: "I know Liangzi has always regarded me as an opponent. In fact, I have been chosen as an opponent by Jiugong. I have felt deeply. Pleasure."

Jiugong Liangzi blushed immediately after hearing these words.

I have to say that Sun Rong's "Mind Attacking Technique" is indeed superb. And the so-called "Sun Rong Domain" is actually an enhanced passive version of the "Mind Attacking Technique."

As the future heir of the Huaguo Shuilian Group, Mr. Boss Sun has also been very comprehensive in training Sun Rong since childhood.

Observe words and emotions, watch your heart and attack your plans. In fact, this is also a business tactic.

Ever since Sun Rong determined that Jiugong Liangzi was different from Jiang Yingying and didn't really like Wang Ling, she changed her strategy towards Jiugong Liangzi.

From the initial targeting to the win-win cooperation now, everything is to help Zhuo Yi capture the "Plains Beauty" in front of them as soon as possible.

And it turns out that Sun Rong's trick is indeed very effective.

"Don't get me wrong, classmate Sun Rong... This time, it's just a temporary cooperation! You will always be my opponent!" Jiugong Liangzi blushed.

She tried to disguise herself as "super fierce", but she didn't realize that her big eyes were staring. Instead, she looked very silly and cute.

"Classmate Liangzi, there is no need to thank me. If you want to thank me, just thank senior Zhuo Yi. He arranged everything. I have never seen senior Zhuo Yi ask for help." Sun Rong said.

Jiugong Liangzi crossed his arms and pouted: "Really... I want him to mind his own business..."

Although he said that, Sun Rong really felt that it was more like coquettishness.

"Also. I want to know if the two people traveling with classmate Sun Rong are reliable?"

"Don't worry, classmate Liangzi. These two are our own. One is classmate Wang Ling. You have already met him. The other classmate is Wang Xiaoer who is on leave of absence."

"I know classmate Wang Ling...is that dead fish-eyed guy with beautiful features?" Jiugong Liangzi shrugged. She didn't pay much attention to Wang Ling because she hasn't had the effect of the medicine now. Who cares? They are all dead fish eyes.

In contrast, she was actually more concerned about Wang Ming: "Speaking of which, who is this Wang Xiaoer? You said they are all one of our own. What does this mean?"

"Didn't Zhuo Yi senior tell you?"

Suddenly. Sun Rong smiled and said: "Classmate Wang Ling and classmate Wang Xiaoer are actually his disciples. But this matter has not been made public yet. I hope classmate Liangzi can keep it secret."

"He actually has disciples?"

"Yes." Sun Rong said: "Zhuo Yi senior is so powerful. Of course, you have to choose the right person to inherit your mantle."

"so it is..."

Hearing this, Jiugong Liangzi showed an expression of sudden realization and nodded repeatedly like a chicken pecking at rice.

"Speaking of which, is Liangzi still doubting Senior Zhuo Yi? He is a man of real talent and learning." At this time, Sun Rong asked deliberately.

"I just think it's necessary to investigate..."

"Zhuo Yi Senior is a good man. And considering his age, it shouldn't be a problem for you." Sun Rong said deliberately.

"I am a minor!" Jiugong Liangzi emphasized.

"Oh, by the way. I almost forgot. Liangzi is the same age as me."

"..." I don't know if it was my imagination. Jiugong Liangzi suddenly discovered that Sun Rong always seemed to have something to say.

The girl in front of her was much scarier than she imagined...

...

The Sun Island Exchange Student Plan. In fact, this was proposed by Jiugong's family from the very beginning. It can be regarded as an advance arrangement by Jiugong Liangzi to prevent changes within the family.

In fact, this plan has been in the process of being implemented. It can be activated at any time as long as Jiugong Liangzi gives an order.

No one could have imagined that Jiugong Liangzi would have such a thoughtful mind at such a young age. And Jiugong Liangzi did not expect that his plan to set up the situation in advance would come into use so quickly.

If possible.

Jiugong Liangzi hopes that he will never use this plan in his life.

That night, Jiugong Liangzi closed his eyes and tossed and turned on the bed, thinking about a lot of things. He didn't know how long it took before he fell into a deep sleep.

In her dream, she found herself walking on a frozen lake.

A blizzard obscured her view.

For a moment, Jiugong Liangzi found that he could not see the road in front of him clearly.

The faces beneath her feet were smiling at her at first. Then they suddenly turned into ghosts and jumped out of the frozen lake. They turned into various ferocious forms and rushed towards her.

"Is this the dream again..."

This is not the first time Jiugong Liangzi has dreamed of such a nightmarish scene.

She stood silently in the blizzard. She watched these ghostly faces impact her body, letting them turn into masks that were difficult to tear off. They were layered on her jade-white cheeks.

He didn't know when. She began to find that her family was becoming more and more complicated.

When she was a child, the big and happy family that was so warm in her heart that it could melt everything away gradually began to be covered by undercurrents under various shadows...

He didn't know when it started. Jiugong Liangzi found that his smile began to diminish.

She began to learn to disguise, began to learn to fake a smile, began to learn to wear the cold face of society, to deal with all the difficulties in front of her.

She seemed to have turned into the person she hated the most.

All the changes, all the helplessness, made Jiugong Liangzi like a frightened bird.

Live cautiously. Walking on thin ice...

And in such a doomsday scene, Jiugong Liangzi has been gone for a long time.

"It should be over soon..." She mentally estimated the duration of this nightmare. She felt that she was about to wake up.

But what happened to the girl was that...

This doomsday nightmare of hers, for the first time, has a follow-up...

At this time, she was walking alone on the ice, enduring the impact of the blizzard and grimaces.

A ray of light suddenly penetrated the scene in front of him.

In an instant, the blizzard dissipated and there were no clouds in the sky. The frozen lake surface was illuminated by the sun. All those annoying faces were evaporated one by one and completely disappeared.

"Classmate Liangzi!"

The familiar voice made Jiugong Liangzi instantly look forward in the direction of the voice.

And at the end of that voice was a man standing on the river bank waving to him, smiling at him...

At this moment, Jiugong Liangzi felt as if something had hit him in his heart.

The makeup on the face is like peeling off dead skin, peeling off the cheeks layer by layer, and then turning into powder...

"Zhuo Yi..."

She looked at the person in front of her in disbelief. Just as she was about to walk away, her dream suddenly shrank.

When Jiugong Liangzi woke up, it was already the next morning.

After waking up, the girl hugged her knees, like a frightened little hedgehog. She huddled up on the bed for a long time.

She actually dreamed of Zhuo Yi...

It's crazy!

...





Chapter 1495 Chen Chao's mouth becomes stronger again


Monday, December 14th. On this morning, two people from Class 1 and 3 of Number 60 High School were absent.

One is Wang Ling. And the other is Sun Rong.

Number 60 High School currently knows that Wang Ling and Sun Rong are about to go abroad. In fact, there are also Gu Shunzhi, Wang Zhen and others. They are now also one of the core members of the Office of Strategic Deception. This You can still get some information by clicking on it.

According to the official statement provided by Teacher Pan, it is said that Wang Ling and Sun Rong are sick, so they need to rest at home for a while...

If other people disappear, there is a high probability that not many people will pay attention to it. But the disappearance of these two together is a bit confusing.

Are you sick together? Are you applying to recuperate at home at the same time?

Others in the class may believe this. But Chen Chao and Guo Hao are not so easy to believe.

"No way...is it really happening?" The two living treasures looked at each other. The expressions on their faces were extremely wonderful.

On Xiu Zhen Cultivation Street, they left early and left a lot of space. They thought that the two of them would make progress now. But they didn't expect that the progress would be so fast.

In two days, it was all done in the hospital.

abortion...

They immediately thought of scenes that often appear in TV dramas.

In the "Ling Rong Assist Discussion Group" formed by Guo Hao, Li Youyue, and Chen Chao.

They are discussing the relevant situation enthusiastically.

"You are too dirty! You can go anywhere you want... Who said that going to the hospital must be an abortion? And... it can't be that fast!!" Li Youyue said angrily.

"If not, is it possible that Wang Ling couldn't hold back his impulse and wanted to be a beast. Then someone discovered that he had his leg broken?" Even Guo Hao himself didn't know what to say. Believe it too much.

For this frigid piece of wood, the probability of becoming a beast is almost zero.

It's time to do it early...

When I was in the Xiao family compound, I had more opportunities to be alone.

"I don't think your child is the kind of man to do that kind of thing."

At this time, Chen Chao suddenly typed: "But they both disappeared at the same time. And they took sick leave. It's really interesting."

"Well, I think there is probably something else behind this." Li Youyue said.

The main reason is that all three of them privately sent text messages to Wang Ling or Sun Rong to inquire about the situation. However, they did not receive any reply.

This situation is indeed a bit incredible.

However, they also knew Teacher Pan.

As a meticulous and gold medal teacher, Teacher Pan will basically not lie to others.

So it seems like someone older than Teacher Pan must have planned and organized something. Then he called Wang Ling and Sun Rong out...

"Could it be... studying abroad?" At this time, Chen Chao suddenly said: "I remember that foreign students came to our school in the past. There seemed to be exchange student plans. This time, instead of our class, there will be a classmate Jiugong Liangzi?"

"It's possible!" When Guo Hao and Li Youyue saw what Chen Chao had typed, they immediately nodded like chickens pecking at rice.

"In other words... they actually went abroad for their honeymoon?" Li Youyue's mouth twitched.

At this time, Guo Hao couldn't help but laugh: "Honeymoon is an exaggeration. Can the things of a cultural person be called a honeymoon? That's called learning!"

Li Youyue: "Yes, yes! Study! Hehehehe!"

Chen Chao echoed: "Hehehehe!"

...

After some discussion, Chen Chao and others seem to have the answer. They are the best brothers of Wang Ling. Even if they know something, they will only rot in their stomachs and will not tell it.

However, Chen Chao and others are not the only ones who have doubts about this matter.

Jiang Yingying was actually not in a good mood that day. She looked longingly at the empty seats of Wang Ling and Sun Rong. She felt that there was probably something going on between the two of them.

When school was about to end, Jiang Yingying repeated his old tricks and blocked Chen Chao and Guo Hao at the school gate again.

"Classmate Jiang...please let me go. I really don't know where your child has gone."

Guo Hao raised his hands in a gesture of surrender. Chen Chao stepped forward very loyally and blocked Little Fatty Guo behind him.

"I know. My classmates say that you have a crush on Lingzi. But sometimes. In fact, you really can't force it. As Wang Ling's best brother, your behavior will not only cause trouble to us, but also to classmates Wang Ling is also troublesome."

Chen Chao said this very seriously. Jiang Yingying was stunned for a moment.

The girl lowered her head. Her face was flushed. She was probably embarrassed because she was being told something. She was reflecting on herself.

Chen Chao saw Jiang Yingying's nose twitching, as if tears were about to fall in the next second. He quickly relaxed his tone and said in as gentle a tone as possible: "Actually...Classmate Jiang Yingying. I have always wanted to ask. Do you really like your classmate Wang Ling?"

These words made Jiang Yingying's mind go blank for a while: "I... of course..."

"No. What I want to ask is, does classmate Jiang like Lingzi's literary talent or does he like him?"

Chen Chao smiled and said: "Although I have been single for a long time, I understand a little bit about emotional matters. At our age, it is actually easy to mistake affection, friendship, admiration and the like for love. You just I read an essay by Lingzi and said that I like him. So I think Jiang Yingying should think carefully about it."

"I..." Jiang Yingying was speechless for a moment. For a moment, she didn't know how to refute Chen Chao's words.

"It's okay, classmate Jiang. In fact, you don't need to answer me now. These questions of mine are just out of the relationship with Lingzi as brothers. Some of the questions I raised for you are just immature and small questions." Chen Chao said.

In fact, Chen Chao himself doesn't know why. He seems to be becoming more and more eloquent...

Especially since the beginning of this semester, his language organization ability seems to have been strengthened.

If the time range is more precise, it should be since I took the math class of the new vice principal "Huo Ding"...

A series of questions left Jiang Yingying unable to answer. She stopped asking about the situation of Wang Ling. The expression on her face was slightly lost and she walked towards the station.

"Isn't it too much to say?" Chen Chao frowned, somewhat less assured.

"Let's follow behind and send classmate Jiang Yingying back first. Her condition is really worrying," Guo Hao said.

Just like that, as soon as the two of them joined together, they followed him secretly.

...

At this moment, Wang Ling and Sun Rong were going through relevant procedures for leaving the country at the same place.

Because I need to be present in person, Wang Ling has to personally participate in this matter.

In fact, Wang Ling is not the first time to go abroad.

Mainly whether it is going abroad according to the formal procedures or it is the first time...

Because he habitually used teleportation in the past. Theoretically speaking, Wang Ling has actually entered other countries illegally several times. And it was the kind of thing where he jumped repeatedly. Others still had no way to do anything about him.

Huaxiu State Entry-Entry Administration Bureau.

At this time, Wang Ling, who was taking passport photos, encountered a new problem...

"This classmate Wang Ling. Can you smile?"

The female police officer who took the ID photo was holding a SLR camera. She looked at Wang Ling and asked.

Wang Ling grinned. The female police officer couldn't laugh or cry: "Why do you look like you are crying when you laugh?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Female police officer: "Come. Learn from me: Is Ku Xuan handsome?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Female police officer: "Don't say anything. Just follow my example. I'll capture it."

Wang Ling: "But I can't. lie..."

Female police officer: "..."





Chapter 1496 How scary is a jealous girl?


Wang Ling Almost all the ID photos have a dead look. They always have the kind of expression that is hopeless and never wakes up. It lacks the temperament of a sunny boy. This may be difficult for Wang Ling The problem with change.

This directly led to Wang Ling being labeled a "melancholic boy" from childhood to adulthood. It was different from the sense of abstinence... I don't know if it was because of the dead fish eyes. It directly caused this Wang Ling looks a bit "virtual."

When I was in junior high school, Wang Ling remembered that I was given a very excessive nickname. It was called: Mr. Kidney Deficiency...

He didn't know where this nickname Wang Ling came from.

However, Wang Ling is too lazy to pay attention to this kind of childish behavior.

In essence, giving people nicknames in school is actually an act of violence.

However, in fact, the nickname incident in junior high school did not last long.

At that time, many people really felt that Wang Ling was weak and deliberately ran over to find trouble and bully Wang Ling.

For example, when Wang Ling was going to the toilet, he came out of the single room at the back and slapped Wang Ling violently...

It's okay if I don't shoot him down. After the shooting, all the bullies in the junior high school and senior high school were dumbfounded.

This guy...can he really be called Mr. Kidney Deficiency?

Let me ask you which family with kidney deficiency can grow a cracked empty seat...

...

It took about ten minutes. The female police officer finally gave up her resistance completely like the previous photographers who were keen on taking ID photos with smiling faces.

Such a good-looking young man is actually an autistic boy... What a pity!

She stared at Wang Ling's ID photo with facial paralysis and sighed inwardly.

In fact, not all police officers who take ID photos have such patience.

On the one hand, it was because he had a lot of free time today, and on the other hand, it was also because Wang Ling actually liked the female police officer.

Overflowing motherhood may be a common problem among women. I saw Wang Ling. The female police officer felt as if she was seeing her own son. The two of them are also about the same age.

"I think the photo was taken very well!"

Sun Rong was very happy beside him. On the contrary, he thought Wang Ling was quite cute like this.

"fine?"

The female police officer chuckled.

Sure enough. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder...

The next person to take ID photos is Sun Rong.

In fact, Sun Rong had a passport a long time ago.

This time, in addition to taking the latest passport photo, I also applied for an extension.

"It's really troublesome, police officer sister." Facing the camera, the girl behaved very generously and naturally, with a smile that was not stiff, just like those celebrity models who are used to taking pictures.

The photo taken with this ID card is smooth and smooth. It is much smoother than Wang Ling.

The girl's skin was so good that the female police officer was envious. It was obvious that the picture was not retouched. It was as if a beauty filter had been turned on.

While helping Sun Rong make a new passport, the female police officer took a look at Sun Rong's old photo.

Then, I was surprised by the dazzling array of stamps from various countries on the passport: "Wow. Have you been to so many places?"

After all, she is the eldest lady of the Huaguo Shuilian Group. The world she has seen is indeed Guangzhou...

The female police officer felt another wave of emotion in her heart.

Money. It really limits people's imagination to a great extent...

What is the life of a rich person like? Perhaps most people will not be able to experience it in this life.

In the process. Wang Ling saw the photo on Sun Rong's old passport.

Sun Rong on this passport. She is still a cute little girl.

"Did you have a passport when you were in elementary school..." Wang Ling was startled.

No wonder Sun Rong came here specially to replace the photo today. The changes between elementary school and high school are quite significant.

And I don't know why. Wang Ling stared at the photo of Sun Rong as a primary school student. I felt a sense of familiarity in my mind.

It seemed like a long time ago. He and Sun Rong had met accidentally...

But that memory has become blurry.

Wang Ling Judgment. Maybe it was an accidental encounter.

As a result, he and Sun Rong had nothing to do with each other.

By the time everything was ready, it was almost evening before I knew it.

Boarding time is on Tuesday, December 15th. That is eight o'clock tomorrow morning.

As soon as he went out, he saw Zhuo Yi driving his car and waiting at the door with an obedient expression.

This is Zhuo Yi's personal car. And it's already a relatively low-key one.

Today Zhuo Yi actually ran around with Wang Ling and Sun Rong all day long and went through various procedures.

The passport is the last step.

It stands to reason that passport issuance is not that fast. However, the official intervention from Zhuo Yi is the green channel.

This includes visas as well.

Zhuo Yi here, Number 60 High School here, and Jiugong's house on Sun Island. We said hello to each other. There will be no obstacles to getting a visa.

It can be said that everything is ready now. All we need is the east wind.

When Wang Ling and Sun Rong approached the car, through the car window, Wang Ling suddenly spotted the dapper looking Jiugong Liangzi sitting in the passenger seat.

The girl put on the familiar gothic-style dark dress. She crossed her arms and frowned. She didn't know what she was thinking about.

"Come. Disciple, get in the car quickly!" Zhuo Yi smiled and greeted Wang Ling warmly.

"..."

Wang Ling sighed silently.

Not even angry.

Anyway, right now, it's all just acting...

A good person always does his best. Zhuo Yi helped him take so many blames. Being called disciple Wang Ling felt that it was not really a loss.

And he also hopes that Zhuo Yi and Jiugong Liangzi can really become successful.

This girl Jiugong is difficult to deal with. If she becomes an enemy, it will be very troublesome.

Opening the car door. Wang Ling stood aside obediently. Very politely, he asked Sun Rong to take his seat first.

Then, he went up from the other side.

Jiugong Liangzi glanced at Wang Ling through the rearview mirror. He seemed to be slightly dissatisfied with this "apprentice": "You, an apprentice, are so rude? You met the master and didn't even say hello?"

Zhuo Yi held the steering wheel. Hearing Jiugong Liangzi's questioning voice, his feet suddenly shook. He suddenly stepped on the brakes in the middle of driving. Jiugong Liangzi's head knocked forward on the spot.

"Hey." Jiugong Liangzi was hit. Because he was wearing a seat belt, it didn't hurt much. He was just a little frightened: "Can you do it... If not, let me drive!"

She felt aggrieved.

Whenever this happens, Jiugong Liangzi thinks of his unsatisfactory plain.

If it were big enough, it would be two airbags! It would be a good buffer!

"Are you here to drive? Are you an adult?"

Zhuo YiHehehehe. This sounds like a casual saying, but in fact it contains a hidden secret.

Behind the scenes. Wang Ling, Sun Rong were actually faintly heard.

They all know what Jiugong Liangzi's secret is.

Zhuo Yi didn't mean to say that. I just felt that Jiugong Liangzi was a little hostile to Wang Ling. So he followed the words and said something that made Jiugong Liangzi care.

And sure enough, after these words were finished, the girl in the passenger seat became much more at ease.

He just turned his face away and looked out the window. On the surface, he looked like he was sulking.

In fact, I am also struggling in my heart whether my secret has been discovered by Zhuo Yi.

"But what I just said was probably unintentional..." Jiugong Liangzi comforted himself on the way.

"Sun Rong Schoolmates, you will leave early tomorrow morning. Let me treat you tonight. What do you want to eat?" Seeing that the atmosphere was awkward, Zhuo Yi asked after being immersed in the car for tens of seconds. road.

"Both Wang Ling and I are fine." Sun Rong replied with a smile.

She knows. Wang Ling is not too picky about food. There is no need to worry about food taboos.

Anyway, Wang Ling's physique is really difficult to gain weight. Even if the fat is eaten, it can be rubbed off...

"Okay. I know a good barbecue restaurant." Zhuo Yi nodded. Then he turned to look at the girl beside him who was still sulking: "Where is Jiugong? Can you accept it?"

"Who wants to eat barbecue...will get fat..." Jiugong Liangzi murmured.

"Jiugong is so thin and still afraid of getting fat? I think it's okay for girls to be fat. Just let the fat go where it should go." Zhuo Yi said with a smile.

Jiugong Liangzi's eyes suddenly lit up when he heard these words. Then he quickly returned to calm.

The girl snorted and turned her head towards the window: "As you wish..."

Atmosphere. It should have been saved...

Seeing this scene. Zhuo Yi also breathed a sigh of relief. He couldn't help but lament his own difficulties.

The master and his wife are in the back seat. My future wife is beside me.

This pressure is indeed great...

After all, he and Jiugong will really be together in the future.

In front of him, apart from the merciless father-in-law, there were six mothers-in-law...

...

The four of them arrived at the barbecue restaurant successfully.

In public places. Zhuo Yi doesn't want to reveal his identity, so he wears sunglasses and a cap that keeps his hair down.

The funny costume made Jiugong Liangzi feel funny.

After sitting down, Jiugong Liangzi suddenly realized a problem: "Eh? That classmate Wang Xiaoer and senior Jin Deng... aren't they coming?"

"They will meet at Songhai City International Boatyard tomorrow morning. Don't worry about them." Zhuo Yi said.

In fact, the main reason is that the approval procedures for Wang Ming to go abroad are more troublesome.

Although Zhuo Yi has tried its best to coordinate, whether Wang Ming can go abroad in the end depends on the agreement between the old secretary and President Qi.

After all, the job that Wang Ming went out for this time was nominally "investigating aliens." And this job was possible even without Wang Ming.

There are so many experts and scholars who study aliens in the Magic Weapon Academy of Sciences. It really doesn't matter who they send.

The authorities are still worried about what to do if Wang Ming's true identity is leaked and he is abroad and is forcibly detained for a reason.

Although the probability of this is relatively small, it is still a potential risk and needs to be evaluated.

As for this matter, Wang Ling himself is quite calm.

There is "big luck." I think Wang Ming will pass the trial. There will be no trouble.

During the ordering process, a graceful waitress came from a distance carrying a tray. She placed the ice lemonade on the tray in front of everyone.

"My name is Aya. This is the complimentary ice lemonade. If necessary, you can call me for a refill at any time."

The waitress named "Aya" smiled.

Immediately, she looked at Zhuo Yi: "This gentleman, you seem to look familiar?"

"Really..." Zhuo Yi pushed up his sunglasses and smiled awkwardly.

Zhuo Yi glanced at Jiugong Liangzi indifferently. He found that there were dense thorns in the girl's eyes.

"Excuse me. Are you Mr. Zhuo Yi..."

In fact, when she saw the loose curls on Zhuo Yi's forehead, the waitress had already confirmed Zhuo Yi's identity.

As if on purpose, Aya lowered her upper body very low. Zhuo Yi Wearing sunglasses, you can see the two dazzling lumps of flesh on the waitress' chest that look like white noodles.

Zhuo Yi found this barbecue restaurant. It is considered a place he often comes to.

Although he usually covers it up, most of the waiters in the store know it's him. Under normal circumstances, people won't make such a fuss.

This Aya is obviously new here. For a moment, Zhuo Yi felt helpless.

Now that he has been recognized, of course he can only admit it.

So Zhuo Yi took off his sunglasses. Then he made a silencing gesture towards Aya: "You are right. But I hope you can keep your voice down..."

"I understand!" The waitress looked excited.

It was only then that Jiugong Liangzi realized that he seemed to have underestimated the popularity of Zhuo Yi.

Go to public places and be recognized by others even though you are disguised. You really look like a celebrity!

And usually those who can be recognized are mostly "true fans" who have continued to pay attention...

This Aya was not polite at all. She took out her phone on the spot, switched it to selfie mode, and then adjusted the beauty level to the highest level.

"Um... Mr. Zhuo Yi, can I take a photo with you?" She was obedient. She didn't disturb the other diners. She kept her voice very low. There was a little numbness in her shyness. Then he pretended to pull up the collar of his uniform.

"..."

This scene made Wang Ling immediately turn his face away with an obedient expression.

Sun Rong was watching this scene as if watching a play. At the same time, he was satisfied with Wang Ling's "don't look at anything inappropriate" behavior.

In fact, Wang Ling didn't know why he turned his face away.

Maybe it was the instinctive reaction of a straight man. He felt that he should turn around...

"Sorry. It's not convenient for me to take a group photo." Zhuo Yi smiled at the waitress and refused.

In fact, he had never refused such a thing before.

Unfortunately, the coalition election is coming soon. He needs to pay extra attention.

After all, Zhuo Yi is still well-known across the country. Taking a group photo is nothing in itself. But I am afraid that people with ulterior motives will use the group photo to do bad things.

For example, more than a year ago, a photo of Zhuo Yi was used by a restaurant owner for promotion. He said Zhuo Yi was his relative... to attract business.

After that incident, Zhuo Yi actually became more cautious and rarely took photos with others.

"No way..." The request was rejected. The waitress named "Aya" looked disappointed.

She gently rubbed Zhuo Yi's legs with her feet.

"If you don't mind, I can sign instead."

Zhuo Yi raised the corner of his lower lip slightly. He actually knew what the hell this Aya was thinking.

However. Withstand the temptation.

This itself is also a test for cadres.

Zhuo Yi considers himself a person with strong self-control.

It's not like he hasn't experienced scenes like this before.

And it's actually very easy to get rid of this waitress.

But his focus is not here.

He was more curious. Jiugong's attitude and reaction.

In fact, at this time, Jiugong Liangzi's face was already very ugly.

The girl's face is clouded. Combined with the dark gothic dress, she looks like a witch in an old castle.

Even if he didn't say anything, Sun Rong could still feel that Jiugong Liangzi wanted to eat the waitress alive.

"Brother Zhuo Yi. I have always been your fan. Please...just one picture! Okay? I promise not to spread it!"

But the waitress seemed to be obsessed with Zhuo Yi. She made a arrogant and squeamish voice. She didn't take Jiugong Liangzi seriously at all.

At this time, Zhuo Yi actually couldn't bear it anymore.

He was about to respond to this matter with a serious attitude.

As a result, what Zhuo Yi didn't expect at this time was that Jiugong Liangzi couldn't help it anymore.

The girl's back was straight. She was clearly sitting. But there was a condescending air about her: "Mr. Zhuo said, it's not convenient for us to take a photo. Isn't it fun for you?"

"I just want to take a group photo. Can't you? No matter how lenient it is..." After being questioned, Aya showed an aggrieved expression.

Jiugong Liangzi sat upright with a look of contempt on his face: "We are here to eat. If this lady wants to show off her charm, she can go elsewhere. After all, there are dirty things when eating, which will affect appetite."

This is too straightforward to say.

Zhuo Yi was dumbfounded.

Sun Rong secretly called it wonderful.

And Wang Ling always fixed his gaze at the previous "look no evil" position.

There is only one kind of war in this world. Wang Ling may never be able to participate.

That is. The war between women...

He didn't know why. Jiugong Liangzi's aura seemed to be magnified instantly.

It's clearly only at the level of Foundation Building. But it's as bold as Soul Formation!

"What do you mean..." Aya seemed to have been poked into some pain point. The expression on her face also looked very ugly.

"It doesn't mean anything. It just means that you should change places and clean up the dirty things." Jiugong Liangzi faked a smile and glanced at the waitress' lower body pretending to be light.

This is...

Just for a moment. The waitress felt that something was not right with her situation.

Because at this time, she actually got her period!

The situation was reversed. Aya fled in a hurry with her legs crossed.

"That's it?" Jiugong Liangzi snorted as he looked at the waitress leaving in embarrassment.

"Classmate Liangzi...what did you do?" Sun Rong laughed.

"Nothing."

Jiugong Liangzi shook his head and said.

She was too lazy to continue arguing with the wind in front of her, because doing so would only attract more attention.

So luckily, she used the power of the replica {Ghost Book}.

Because the cause of the riots has not yet been revealed, Jiugong Liangzi knew that there were certain risks in doing so.

But she just couldn't hold it back...

So, I summoned a little ghost named "Excavator" and did some tricks.

This little thing won't be fatal. It just bleeds a little as a warning. It's like the arrival of an aunt.

"Excavator..."

Wang Ling didn't mean to read minds. I just happened to hear it.

He suddenly shed a cold sweat. He once again felt the terror of girls...

...

Because Aya went to take care of her personal hygiene issues, a male waiter was replaced in the store to serve their table.

You don't need to do it yourself. The waiters are professionally trained. They know exactly how long it takes to roast different parts of the meat.

Jiugong Liangzi felt relieved when he saw that the waiter was a male waiter named "Xiaoguang."

She didn't regret what she had just done.

If that Aya hadn't left, she was grilling meat and showing off to Zhuo Yi in front of her. Jiugong Liangzi felt a little nauseous just thinking about it.

In comparison, the male waiters are much better.

The waiter just immersed himself in the barbecue. Then he distributed the roasted meat equally to everyone's plates. He remained quiet the whole time.

There is no harm if there is no foil. Jiugong Liangzi was so satisfied with the waiter that he even wanted to pay for the tip himself.

While chatting and laughing with Sun Rong, Zhuo Yi, Jiugong Liangzi suddenly noticed that the waiter was grilling an oxtail.

His movements are extremely skillful. I don't know how many times he has been roasted before he becomes so skilled.

After being coated with special sauce, this oxtail was roasted to a fragrant aroma.

Jiugong Liangzi blinked his eyes. He was looking forward to the waiter grilling the oxtail and cutting it into pieces.

As a result, the male waiter directly picked up a whole oxtail and put it directly on Zhuo Yi's dinner plate: "Mr. Zhuo, try this. This is our store's signature grilled oxtail. It is a special gift."

Zhuo Yi is puzzled: "As a gift?"

The waiter named "Xiaoguang" blushed: "Actually... I am also a fan of Mr. Zhuo. I have been following Mr. Zhuo for a long time... I have always liked you very much..."

The waiter rubbed his head and smiled stupidly.

Is this...a confession?

Or. By a boy?

Wang Ling was so scared that he dropped his chopsticks...

"Classmate Wang Ling, don't move... I'll help you pick it up..." Sun Rong was also very frightened.

When she bent down to pick up the chopsticks for Wang Ling, she found Jiugong Liangzi skillfully flipping through the replica {Ghost Book} under the table.

I immediately had a premonition of what would happen to this male waiter.

As expected...

The male waiter named Xiaoguang quickly ran to deal with his own personal problems.

"Men are also okay?" Sun Rong was completely shocked.

"They're all the same. One aunt and one uncle." Jiugong Liangzi said calmly.

She secretly cursed Zhuo Yi in her heart for finding this shabby store...it's really full of all kinds of monsters!

Wang Ling, Zhuo Yi: "..."

And then. There is no more.

After experiencing "Aya" and "Xiao Guang", Jiugong Liangzi began to be extremely wary of the waiters who approached their table intentionally. Everyone looked like they were here to express their feelings.

Anyone who approaches their table and looks at Zhuo Yi for more than ten seconds will be sent to Jiugong Liangzi to deal with personal issues...

Jiugong Liangzi was not in the mood to eat. His eyes were looking around like searchlights.

She thought that no waiter would dare to come over. But at this time, she saw a smiling old man walking towards them in the distance.

The girl looked at Zhuo Yi in astonishment.

I never thought that Zhuo Yi could even attract an old man...

Smiling is not a good thing...

That's all. Let's send it off together!

"Classmate Liangzi, wait!"

At this time, Zhuo Yi, who had seen through the little girl's little moves, suddenly stopped her.

Jiugong Liangzi: "?"

Zhuo Yi: "This person is the store manager. I have known him before..."

Jiugong Liangzi: "No way...but I already..."

When they said this, the old store manager had already walked towards them: "I'm sorry, Mr. Zhuo. I don't know what's going on in my store. It seems that everyone has some problems today."

Wang Ling, Sun Rong, Zhuo Yi, Jiugong Liangzi: "..."

"The new Aya in our store and Xiao Guang, who came to wait at your place before, are actually boyfriend and girlfriend."..."

"I knew you were coming, so I arranged for this young couple who are both your fans to wait on you. I didn't expect that today's young people are all frail and sick."

Speaking of this, the store manager's expression suddenly changed.

Zhuo Yi had an ominous premonition: "What's wrong?"

Store manager: "Sorry...I have to go too. To deal with some personal issues..."

Zhuo Yi: "..."





Chapter 1497 Kidnapping Plan


Wang Ling discovered that there seem to be quite a lot of strange ghosts in {Ghost Book}.

After all, this {Ghost Book} is the century-old foundation of the entire Jiugong family.

A ghost named "Excavator."

In fact, it is a kind of collective resentful spirit.

The main composition comes from those countless lonely nights. The "billions of descendants" wrapped in toilet paper by boys and thrown into the toilet...

Only a few sporadic ones have become small wraiths, which is not something to be afraid of.

But I don't know when. The little things add up.

This resulted in such an extremely terrifying ghost.

In urban legends around the world, there are people who sometimes have blood in their stools or urine for unknown reasons when going to the toilet.

The reason is that this collective evil spirit is causing trouble.

Decades ago, the Jiugong family captured this object and gave this collective of resentful spirits the codename: Excavator.

And this is the origin of this ghost.

After dinner. Zhuo Yi left cash at the front desk.

The main reason is that almost everyone in the store has gone to deal with personal problems. Even the bill collector is missing.

He deliberately gave a little more, which was regarded as an apology on behalf of Jiugong Liangzi.

The future wife made a mistake. It was appropriate for him to give the store manager some understanding.

In fact, although Jiugong Liangzi didn't say anything about his reckless behavior, he was actually deeply sorry in his heart.

I even felt like I was a little neurotic at one point.

This has never happened before.

But now Jiugong Liangzi discovered.

Whenever anything involves Zhuo Yi, she will always lose her mind a little bit. She will lose her original calm judgment.

I thought of Zhuo Yi standing on the shore of the frozen lake after the snowstorm in my dream last night, with the sun shining on his face and waving to her.

The girl's face became a little hot involuntarily.

Send Wang Ling and Sun Rong back respectively.

In the passenger seat, the girl who seemed to be taking a nap with her eyes closed suddenly made a gurgling sound from her abdomen.

The scene was a little embarrassing for a while...

Tonight's dinner was too noisy. Jiugong Liangzi didn't eat well at all.

And due to the excessive drive of "ghosts", the girl's consumption increased. She became hungrier than before she had eaten.

Jiugong Liangzi originally planned to stay up a little longer and order a midnight snack when he got back to his home.

As a result, my stomach growled unsatisfactorily at this moment.

"Hungry?"

Zhuo Yi raised his eyebrows and asked, "Would you like to have a late-night snack with me?"

Jiugong Liangzi knew that Zhuo Yi must have noticed that he was pretending to sleep.

After thinking about it, he opened his eyes and said, "The roadside stall is not clean."

"Who said I would take you to eat at a roadside stall?"

Zhuo Yi said: "I can make it for you."

Jiugong Liangzi was surprised when he heard these words: "You can also cook?"

"Of course. When I was in the grassroots army, I worked in the cooking class for a period of time."

Zhuo Yi smiled confidently and said: "Of course. It's a bit late now. If you want to go back and rest, I'll send you back now. If you want to have a midnight snack, come with me. Cadre apartment. But I ate this late-night snack. I'm afraid it's already early in the morning. It doesn't seem to be good for the development of minors."

"..."

These words made Jiugong Liangzi silent for a moment.

She swallowed the saliva in her mouth.

He didn't know whether it's because I'm looking forward to Zhuo Yi's food or because I'm really hungry. I feel a little confused.

"You have always been a cheerful person. Is it so difficult to make a decision?"

Zhuo Yi held the steering wheel and returned his gaze. He deliberately did not look at Jiugong Liangzi's red face.

"Or, because you heard you were going to my apartment, you thought of something else?"

"..."

Jiugong Liangzi's eyes straightened when he heard these words.

All these words were said by Zhuo Yi. If she doesn't go now, she seems to have a guilty conscience.

So she folded her arms and rolled her eyes at Zhuo Yi. She twisted her eyebrows and looked at him.

"Just go. Who is afraid of whom?"

"Okay."

As a planner, Zhuo Yi was of course very happy to see that his fishing strategy was successful.

In fact, after Jiugong Liangzi agreed, he realized that he seemed to have been tricked by Zhuo Yi again.

He didn't know why. Zhuo Yi always seems to stimulate the chord in her heart.

But Jiugong Liangzi still refused to admit this matter.

Although it seems that I already have the answer in my heart.

But between her and Zhuo Yi... perhaps they can only become close friends at best. There is absolutely no possibility of going any further...

Every time he thinks about this, Jiugong Liangzi's mood is like a ball of tangled cotton thread. It's a mess.

The family pressure behind her may have already cut the distance between her and Zhuo Yi.

Following Zhuo Yi to the cadre apartment. Jiugong Liangzi was surprised by where Zhuo Yi lived.

It's not that it's gorgeous. But...everything is so clean!

The wooden floor is spotless. There is still a fragrance in the air. All the smooth surfaces are bright and reflective. It looks like it has been wiped freshly.

What surprised Jiugong Liangzi the most was Zhuo Yi's obsessive-compulsive attitude towards orderliness at home.

The books on the bookshelves, the hangings on the walls, and the knick-knacks on the countertops all have uniform colors. Even their placement is clearly on the same horizontal line.

It's simply cleaner and more beautiful than her villa...

As a man's bedroom. Jiugong Liangzi thinks this is a bit outrageous.

What's the saying, clean and tidy, no bad smell, if not a transvestite then they are gay ...

"You live alone?" Jiugong Liangzi asked.

"Of course." Zhuo Yi nodded. He couldn't help but smile: "I would like to find a wife to accompany me. But there must be someone willing to marry me."

When he said this, Zhuo Yi was pouring lemonade for Jiugong Liangzi.

He deliberately did not look at the girl's expression, because he knew just by thinking that the little girl must be blushing with embarrassment.

"You also cleaned the house by yourself? Didn't you ask for cleaning or something?" Jiugong Liangzi took the cup handed by Zhuo Yi. She didn't dare to look him in the eyes.

"You know what I do. Sometimes for work reasons, I may bring some information back. So calling it cleaning is not safe. There is a risk of leakage." Zhuo Yi laughs Laughed. Said: "Just cleaning up. It's not like I don't have any skills."

There are actually many cleaning Talisman on the market. With these Talisman, even Zhuo Yi will not be too tired to clean it alone.

Zhuo Yi's family background is actually not bad. A clean, organized and ritualistic life is what he has always pursued.

It's not that Zhuo Yi is doing well. It's just that he is a little more particular than many boys.

But there is a saying: a golden nest or a silver nest is not as good as your own doghouse.

It doesn't matter what your home is like. It doesn't matter whether it's messy or clean. As long as you live happily, outsiders naturally have no right to interfere.

The "Houlangs" who are still struggling work hard from dawn to dusk every day in order to get a better life. They are tired enough.

As for whether you want to keep your home as spotless as yours. Zhuo Yi feels that this is purely your choice.

You can't use one standard to limit everyone. After all, everyone's conditions are different.

There are many ways to live life.

As long as you can enjoy yourself, you don't need to care about what others think.

"What are you going to make for me as a midnight snack?"

"I'll give it to you to eat."

"?"

Jiugong Liangzi pretended not to understand: "You are talking about instant noodles, right?"

"Can you tell by looking at it yourself?"

Zhuo Yi smiled. Jiugong Liangzi had already heard the clinking of pots and pans coming from the kitchen.

When she walked into the kitchen with curiosity, she saw Zhuo Yi rolling noodles.

The late night snack is actually hand-made noodles!

The thick and large rolling pin rolled back and forth on the dough. After pushing it into a thin piece of dough, Jiugong Liangzi saw a familiar emerald green light flash through.

In the blink of an eye, the dough was cut into noodles of the same thickness and length.

I have to say that the knife work is so exquisite. It looks like it was processed by a machine. The key is that the cut edge is even dyed with a light green bamboo color.

At this time Zhuo Yi said: "This is hand-rolled bamboo noodles. I just figured it out recently. Even my apprentice has never eaten it."

Jiugong Liangzi had doubts about this: "Bamboo noodles...so the emerald green aura just now can't be..."

"That's right. It's my Spirit Sword: Pre."

"You use the spirit sword to cut noodles???"

"Actually, my knife skills are not bad. It's almost the same as pre-cut. But aren't you hungry? It would be more convenient to use pre-cut."

Zhuo Yi smiled gently: "And the pre-cut dough has a fresh and elegant bamboo fragrance. It also has the effect of scraping oil and anti-sugar. The sugar content of pasta is relatively high, which is a taboo for weight loss. But I think so Deal with it. No matter how much you eat, you don't have to worry about getting fat."

Jiugong Liangzi understood immediately.

Zhuo Yi did this for his own sake.

It can fill your stomach without getting fat.

As far as late night snacks go, this "bamboo noodles" is simply perfect.

In order to dispel Jiugong Liangzi's doubts about his knife skills, Zhuo Yi missed a hand when cutting the ingredients for rolling the noodles.

He held the kitchen knife. The shadowy light of the knife on the chopping board moved rhythmically. In a short while, the cucumber shreds and radish shreds were cut and put together. The attractive color greatly increased appetite.

Then. Zhuo Yi took advantage of the cooking time to set up another pot and prepare the special diced pork sauce to go with the bamboo noodles.

These movements are astonishingly proficient in Zhuo Yi's hands. If Jiugong Liangzi hadn't seen it with his own eyes today, Zhuo Yi, who couldn't even walk, would actually have such a side.

In modern cultivation society, a man who can cook and understands cooking skills is a bonus.

She felt like Zhuo Yi was carefully cooking bamboo noodles. Her whole body was glowing.

"You actually know how to cook..."

"I told you. I worked in the grassroots cooking class for a while." Zhuo Yi smiled.

There is really no need for him to lie about this. The experience he had in training from the grassroots army was actually much richer than Jiugong Liangzi imagined.

The iron-clad discipline in the army, strict military management, and various trainings. Whether it is spiritual sword training, long-range magic weapon training, physical training or picnic cooking...these are things that will never be forgotten in a lifetime.

Experience points. Always valid.

For Zhuo Yi, those experiences back then were the best training ground for him to grow from a boy to a man.

It is precisely because of those experiences.

When faced with the sudden arrival of Er Ha in the human world six years ago, Zhuo Yi, despite knowing the disparity in combat power, still rushed to the front line regardless of his own safety.

He knew that he might die.

But he still rushed forward without hesitation.

Now Zhuo Yi sometimes thinks about it carefully. He feels that maybe Wang Ling agreed to accept him as a disciple. I'm afraid this is also one of the bonus points...

After the vegetables and diced meat sauce were ready, Zhuo Yi poured all the ingredients into the pot and started the final mixing of the noodles. After stirring thoroughly for two minutes, he brought the pot to the table.

"So many...are you feeding pigs..." Jiugong Liangzi was surprised.

"I'll eat with you. Of course. Mainly because I'm afraid you won't have enough to eat." Zhuo Yi said with a smile.

"Tch. I don't know what it tastes like. What a waste." Jiugong Liangzi glanced at Zhuo Yi with disdain.

Then, she took the chopsticks handed over by Zhuo Yi, picked up a piece of noodles, covered her mouth, and slowly sucked it into her mouth like a lady.

"How does it taste?"

Zhuo Yi Looking forward to Jiugong Liangzi's evaluation.

He saw the expression on the girl's face that seemed to have a flash of light, and he already knew it in his heart.

What a pity. This is not anime.

If there was a picture of a group of little girls in cheongsam fanning themselves behind {Chinese Little Boss}.

If it's {The Spirit of the Halberd Eater}, maybe I can blow up some clothes or something...

"Hmph. It's just okay. It's probably half as good as my cook."

Jiugong Liangzi said after taking the first bite.

Then she ate the entire pot of noodles.

Zhuo Yi said they were eating together. But in fact, they only ate a small bowl. Mainly to taste the saltiness.

When cleaning the table, Zhuo Yi showed off the empty pot to Jiugong Liangzi, "I told you, it won't be wasted."

"Don't be too proud. I just think waste is a shameful behavior. It's not because your noodles are delicious." Jiugong Liangzi snorted.

She touched her belly. She felt that she had indeed eaten a little too much. But the amazing thing was... she didn't even feel that her belly was full at all.

Although this is the first time I have eaten bamboo noodles from Zhuo Yi, I have to say that it does have an endless aftertaste.

Zhuo Yi secretly looked at the satisfied girl. While feeling secretly happy in her heart, she was also a little disappointed.

After eating the noodles, Jiugong's belly seemed to be a little bigger, but it still didn't grow where it should...

pity!

After washing the pot, Zhuo Yi saw the girl sitting on the sofa, looking very worried.

"What are you thinking about?" Zhuo Yi found a question.

People say that when you are full, you will think about money. But Jiugong Liangzi is just the opposite. When you are full, you will start thinking wildly...

"I'm wondering if it was the right decision to ask my classmates Sun Rong to go to Jiugong's house..." Jiugong Liangzi was worried.

How dangerous Jiugong's family is. Only Jiugong Liangzi knows it himself.

Not counting the forces on the surface, there are also undercurrents surging behind the scenes. Once you fall into it, it may be difficult to escape.

"It's okay. I'm keeping an eye on you."

Zhuo Yi's calm eyes gave Jiugong Liangzi some comfort at this time.

He glanced at the time and found that it was already one o'clock in the morning. He took the initiative and asked: "Shall I take you back? Or should you stay with me?"

"Who wants to live here..."

Jiugong Liangzi slapped Zhuo Yi hard on the shoulder and stood up immediately.

As soon as she stood up, Zhuo Yi grabbed her wrist and pulled her into his arms.

Jiugong Liangzi felt like a yo-yo. Before he could react, he was already being hugged by Zhuo Yi.

"What are you doing..." Faced with such rude behavior, Jiugong Liangzi was ashamed and annoyed. But the strange thing was that her body did not reject Zhuo Yi from approaching her.

"It's okay. I just want a hug."

Zhuo Yi's voice was very low, as if he was coquettish. Jiugong Liangzi's heart trembled when he heard it.

"Let me go...I really want to go back." Jiugong Liangzi pinched Zhuo Yi's thigh hard. He blushed and broke away from Zhuo Yi's arms.

"I'm sorry, classmate Jiugong. I was rude." Zhuo Yi smiled and raised his hands in a gesture of surrender.

"I believe you are a ghost..." Jiugong Liangzi snorted.

She had discovered it a long time ago.

Apologize humbly. Don't dare to do it next time... This is Zhuo Yi's true attitude of admitting his mistakes.

After the scene fell into a brief silence, Jiugong Liangzi felt that his mood had calmed down a little. His whole face suddenly sank and returned to a cold look: "I'm leaving."

"Shall I give it to you?" Zhuo Yi asked.

"You don't need to send it."

Jiugong Liangzi's voice was cold. The corners of his lips twitched slightly.

The better Zhuo Yi is to her. This makes her feel more awake.

It's like reflection after a hangover. Jiugong Liangzi is reflecting on the invisible future between himself and Zhuo Yi.

When she walked to the door, she seemed to have a sense of decline. It made Zhuo Yi feel a little distressed. She had the urge to step forward and hug her again.

But he felt that this move might offend the girl, so he restrained himself and did not rush forward.

He didn't know why. He felt that Jiugong Liangzi suddenly seemed worried.

Before leaving Zhuo Yi's apartment, she left her last words to Zhuo Yi: "Don't do this anymore... It's better for us to be friends."

Then, she quickly unscrewed the handle and stepped out without hesitation.

"Have you been rejected?"

Zhuo Yi's heart twitched fiercely. He smiled bitterly in his heart.

He knew that Jiugong Liangzi did not open his heart so easily.

This is expected.

Because I was worried about the girl going home alone.

Zhuo YiAfter Jiugong Liangzi went out, he immediately sent "Yu" out and followed him secretly all the way.

"Jiugong, if you want to get rid of me, it's not that easy..."

At this time, Zhuo Yi stood by the window. Looking lovingly towards the direction of the villa where Jiugong Liangzi lived, he smiled slightly.

No matter what Jiugong Liangzi says or thinks.

He has identified it.

The girl in front of him is the happiness of his life.

...

No one can sleep tonight. Whether it is Zhuo Yi or Jiugong Liangzi. It is destined to be a sleepless night.

On the other side, far inside the Jiugong family on Sun Island. In the elegant mansion deep in the inner courtyard. The person who also had trouble sleeping was the sixth wife of the Jiugong family.

Akano Hoshiki. This was the name of the sixth wife before she married into the Jiugong family.

And now Mrs. Six has changed her name to: Jiugong Xinghui.

As the youngest and most beautiful of all the wives of Jiugong's father, she is also the one with the strongest financial resources in her natal family.

When the sixth wife married into the Jiugong family, it caused a lot of turmoil.

She is the only daughter of the famous underworld "Zhai Xing Group" on Sun Island. Many people dream of marrying the Zhai Xing Group. But unexpectedly, Akano Hoshiki chose the Jiugong family in the end.

It was a quiet night. Jiugong Xinghui was sitting beside the kotatsu in his elegant home, waiting for news from the Huaxiu country.

She was wearing a black fur coat. There was a depth in her eyes.

"Mrs. Six."

A slightly older but still magnetic voice came. The person who came was none other than Yingxian Heming.

This is the foreign affairs liaison officer of the Jiugong family who had a phone call with Jiugong Liangzi before. Now he is here. The main purpose is to inform him about the exchange student plan.

The sixth lady in front of me is the last one.

Because the Sixth Lady did not have the habit of using modern technology and communication magic weapons, many things required oral notification.

Since Mrs. Six married into the Jiugong family, she rarely interacts with other members of the Jiugong family.

In addition to going out, the scope of activities is this elegant house and the small garden around the elegant house.

Yingxian Heming always has a feeling.

He felt that Mrs. Six was a dangerous woman who had seen through everything.

"Is this the news from Liangzi?" Madam Six asked.

"Yes. Madam, Miss Liangzi said, a group of exchange students from Number 60 High School will be coming soon. This time, our Jiugong family will be responsible for hosting them," Yingxian Heming said.

"Yes. These are distinguished guests from afar. They should be taken seriously." Madam Six opened her charming eyes and said with a smile, "Have the arrangements for the school responsible for the handover been made properly?"

"It's Jiudaohe High School." Yingxian Heming answered truthfully.

This is a school funded by the Jiugong family. It is also very close to the Jiugong family's residence in Dongfu City, Sun Island.

Before Jiugong Liangzi transferred to another school, she attended Jiudaohe High School.

So when she heard this name, the sixth wife already knew it in her mind. There was a thoughtful expression on her face.

There was silence for a moment, then he asked again: "What about the accommodation and board arrangements? Are you going to live on campus or at the Jiugong family's residence?"

"Rooms have been prepared on both sides. Look at Number 60 High School. The leading teacher and the children have choices. They can come and go freely."

"Understood." The Sixth Lady nodded: "Thank you for your hard work, Yingxian."

"You're welcome, ma'am."

"Besides, help me prepare. I'm going out."

"What is Mrs. Six going to do?"

"I just went to the Buddhist temple to pray for blessings. There are guests coming from far away. This is also my intention."

"Yes."

...

At the same time, on the other side of the Jiugong family's mansion, Jiugong Xiushi was also having a secret discussion with One-Eyed Samurai beside him in the mansion where he lived.

"I think this exchange student program is for me." Jiugong Xiushi frowned.

Together with One-Eyed Samurai, he planned a replica of the {Ghost Book} riot incident. He wanted to kill Jiugong Liangzi. But he didn't know why.

All the powerful ghosts that were released were eradicated. Jiugong Liangzi escaped smoothly without any damage at all.

"The riot plan cannot be used a second time in a short period of time. And it is difficult to provide evidence. I handled it very cleanly, Master." One-Eyed Samurai stood aside and said: "Besides, our eyes and ears have confirmed. Miss Liangzi is still here. Huaxiu Junior High School, there is no need to mess up the situation. I thought it was just an ordinary exchange student program."

"But I heard that Miss Sun from the Huaguo Shuilian Group is coming..."

"Just because I heard this, I felt relieved."

One-Eyed Samurai smiled and said: "Miss Liangzi has a long-standing grudge with that Miss Sun. And I also heard that Miss Liangzi fell in love with Miss Sun on her first day at Number 60 High School and was raped. A non-lethal hallucinogenic drug that once embarrassed Miss Liangzi."

"There is such a thing." Jiugong Xiushi was surprised.

"That's right." One-Eyed Samurai continued: "Since the two of them are not compatible, then I think our chance may have come."

"How to say?"

He looked at Duyan.

One-Eyed Samurai said: "If we can take advantage of Miss Sun's participation in this exchange meeting and make good friends with Miss Sun, we may not need to deal with Miss Liangzi. This is a tactic in the art of war..."

Jiugong Xiushi smiled coldly: "Killing someone with a borrowed knife? That's easy for you to say."

Who is Sun Rong? Jiugong Xiushi has also heard about it for a long time.

It is extremely difficult to win over such a young lady. Moreover, the Huaguo Shuilian Group is essentially in competition with the Jiugong family.

Jiugong Xiushi thought a lot. She didn't think Sun Rong would easily join the Jiugong family dispute.

If this matter is exposed, I am afraid it will also have a certain impact on the Huaguo Shuilian Group.

Feel free to join other families' internal wars. This is foolish behavior.

"Miss Sun Rong lacks nothing. Whether it's money or material things, we can't be satisfied. Therefore, we can only find another way." At this time, One-Eyed Samurai had a sneer on his fierce face. It was shocking to see. People get cold.

Jiugong Xiushi was curious: "Do you have any idea?"

"I have another piece of information. It is said that Miss Sun Rong had an affair with a classmate named Wang in the same class." One-Eyed Samurai said: "And this time, among the people accompanying him, the other two exchanged All students are boys named Wang...I just don't know which one of them it is."

One-Eyed Samurai said this. Jiugong Xiushi suddenly showed an expression of understanding: "I understand! You want to..."

He knows his Duyan's style of doing things very well.

"That's right. Since we can't win over Miss Sun through money and materials, then we'll start with the boy that Miss Sun Rong likes. Maybe there's still a certain chance."

One-Eyed Samurai said: "But because I was not sure which boy named Wang in the accompanying team she liked, I could only tie up those two boys."

"Is this possible..."

Jiugong Xiushi suddenly felt that this plan was not reliable.

"It's just two boys from the Foundation Building period. They can't resist at all." Duyan said confidently: "Even if there is a leading teacher guarding him, then just lead the leading teacher away."

"It won't turn into a diplomatic incident, right?" Jiugong Xiushi was still worried.

"These two boys have ordinary family backgrounds. It may be difficult for an ordinary existence like this to make waves. I still hope that the young master can think clearly because this is the best opportunity in front of him."

One-Eyed Samurai feels that he has considered this matter very carefully.

Although on the surface it was a bit of a threat to Miss Sun, after all, this operation was not launched against Miss Sun. It would be too exaggerated to escalate it to a diplomatic issue.

And he won't really kill those two boys. It doesn't have to be kidnapping. He can just frame the two men out and monitor them for a period of time as he likes.

The overall risk of action is very low. And once he succeeds and wins the support of Miss Sun, Duyan even feels that he can retire.

With the financial resources of Miss Sun, there is no need to worry about Jiugong Xiushi being unable to assume the position of head of the family.

However, whether this matter can be accomplished in the end mainly depends on the opinion of Jiugong Xiushi.

Duyan is just a force, errand boy and counselor. He cannot make decisions at critical moments. He cannot overstep his authority.

This is also out of respect for his deceased old master, Jiugong Xiushi's biological mother.

After Jiugong Xiushi heard Duyan's opinion, he sat in a wheelchair and thought for a long time as if in a daze.

There is not much time left for him.

This time the riot plan of the replica {Ghost Book} failed. Although it did not directly kill Jiugong Liangzi, it also attracted the attention of Jiugong Xiushi and the forces of the Sixth Madam.

The Sixth Lady represents the most prestigious underworld organization "Zhai Xing Group" on Sun Island!

In other words. In other words, "Zhai Xing Group" also wants to interfere in the future election of the head of the family...

This is something Jiugong Xiushi didn't expect.

If we want to compete with Zhai Xing Group in the future, the little chips they have are simply not enough.

There must be more powerful foreign aid to help.

Thinking of this, Jiugong Xiushi couldn't help but take a deep breath: "It's up to people to plan things, and it's up to God to make things happen!"

"So. Master's answer?" One-Eyed Samurai asked.

I saw Jiugong Xiushi gritted his teeth and said, "Fuck it!"

...

Monday, December 14th. This morning.

Wang Ling and Sun Rong arrived at Songhai City International Boat Park on time. Through the huge glass of the airport and the bright sunshine, Wang Ling saw huge immortal boats moored on the immortal boat pad.

Last night Wang Ling also had a sleepless night.

It's not because of other reasons. It's because he is clearing out the pocket money he has saved.

Compared to Sun Rong. His pocket money is obviously not enough. Maybe he doesn't even have change.

Years of New Year's money, as well as pocket money given by Father Wang. Wang Ling all converted cash into his mobile wallet. Total amount: 8720.3...

Including the 5,000 yuan fund that Mother Wang alone supported before going abroad this time.

Wang Ling only has 13,000 yen on him.

One word summary: poor.

It took me 16 years to save so much. In Wang Ling's eyes, it's really not enough.

Of course. There are various reasons for this. For example, spending money to buy limited edition crispy noodles, and waiting a minute for the pocket money deducted by Father Wang for no reason! These are one of the reasons why Wang Ling's wallet shrinks year by year.

The key is that he can't use his ability to make money yet.

This is a headache.

He estimated that his sister Ah Nuan's birth date was approaching. He wanted to take advantage of this trip abroad to buy some interesting gifts for his sister. Small clothes, small shoes, small pants, etc...

However, with the prices abroad, it may be difficult to make a big difference with Wang Ling's money.

Infant and child products are expensive these days. Clothes of the same brand don't have much fabric for children to wear. As a result, the price is still the same.

So. Do you want to take advantage of this period to work on Sun Island? Make more money?

Last night. Wang Ling had been thinking very seriously about the funding issue.

He couldn't possibly bother Sun Rong about buying a gift for Ah Nuan. It was his own intention. If he took other people's money, it would completely change.

Although he knew that if he opened his mouth, with that eldest lady's temper, she might give him the entire shopping mall to choose from.

But this is really too high-profile and unnecessary.

So it's actually not a bad idea to make some extra money by doing odd jobs.

The Jiugong family was originally a family on Sun Island that hunted ghosts and exorcised demons. There was no need to worry about not getting any orders in this field.

When the time comes, Wang Ling reckons that he will just have to go get some information. It should be no problem to deal with some monsters.

For Wang Ling, killing demons and demons does not count as using abilities...

Because he actually doesn't need to use his ability at all.

Just go and stand for a moment. Those ghosts will be scared to death.

So. In order to facilitate myself to take the task.

Wang Ling spent some time researching the native language on Sun Island.

I have to say that language learning is still very difficult. Every country has different characters and pronunciation is also very important.

It took Wang Ling about three minutes to learn the native language of Sun Island.

It's really hard for Wang Ling.

Compared to when he was learning Heavenly Dao and Fate, it didn't seem to take that long...

After passing the green visa channel first with Sun Rong, Sun Rong noticed the solemn look on Wang Ling's expression. He looked a little autistic.

She pulled aside Zhuo Yi who had come to see him off and asked quietly: "Zhuo Yi senior knows. Classmate Wang Ling is. What's wrong?"

If we didn't know Wang Ling's true strength, Sun Rong would definitely think that Wang Ling was in this state because he didn't sleep well or was sick.

But now it is obvious that Wang Ling has something on his mind.

This slow guy always likes to keep things in his heart. It makes Sun Rong always feel like he doesn't know what to do.

The girl has no other choice but to ask Zhuo Yi.

"This... I'm not sure." Zhuo Yi scratched his face in embarrassment: "But looking at Master's expression, there are only two possibilities. One: There is no limited edition crisp noodles on Sun Island."

"..."

Okay. This is Wang Ling...

"What about number two?"

"Maybe the pocket money was deducted again." Zhuo Yi said.

These words actually reminded Sun Rong.

What are you most worried about when going abroad? Of course it is lack of money...

If it was a problem in this area, the girl thought it was a possibility. She felt that she should have thought of it long ago, because the day of Ah Nuan's breaking out of the shell was approaching.

I'm afraid Wang Ling is worrying about the gift for the hatching day right now.

Money. It's never been an issue for Sun Rong.

But in fact, she also knew very well what the meaning of this birthday gift was. And this was the reason why Wang Ling kept this matter in her stomach.

If I hadn't used my own pocket money to buy a gift for my sister, it would probably have no meaning at all, right?

She wanted to support Wang Ling in her heart. But she would not want to send money directly. With her stupid personality, she would never accept it.

So I walked. Sun Rong also became autistic along with Wang Ling...

"There will always be a way..."

Zhuo Yi held his forehead. He smiled helplessly and comforted in a low voice: "Take advantage of this time to go abroad. Let's communicate more with Master."

"I will." Sun Rong nodded.

Then. Zhuo Yi brought the two autistic boys and girls to the VIP lounge before departure.

All procedures have been completed.

Just wait for the landing port of the immortal boat to open.

Wang Ling was alone in the lounge for a while.

A few minutes later, a takeoff reminder was broadcast nearby.

But at this moment, a tall young man in the distance, who had wrapped himself up to hide himself, walked towards their location with slender legs.

As soon as he got close, he reached out to rub Wang Ling's head: "Sorry, Ling Ling! I'm late!"

It's Wang Ming's voice.

Wang Ling raised his head. He saw that Wang Ming had not only disguised himself externally. In fact, even his appearance had changed. It was completely different from Wang Ming's original appearance.

It looked like he had used a face-squeezing elixir to reshape his facial features.

Wang Ming's disguise can't be said to be good-looking, but it can't be said to be ugly either. It's just the kind of public face that is easily forgotten when thrown into a sea of people.

And this is exactly what the official asked Wang Ming to achieve.

It took a long time. Finally, we met Wang Ling and Sun Rong here. Wang Ming was very excited.

Sitting down on the sofa, he put an arm directly across Wang Ling's neck. There was a smirk on his face. It was still difficult to conceal his sinful personality: "My approval process... until early in the morning. I just got it done. Hey, I just want to go abroad with my brother and sister-in-law. Is it easy?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Hearing these words, Sun Rong immediately blushed: "Brother Ming, stop kidding me..."

"It doesn't matter what you call me now. When you get out, be sure to remember to call me second brother." Wang Ming reminded.

"Okay. Second brother."

"In addition, I want to tell you something. After we get there, we have to wait for seniors Yinzi and Jin Deng at the Immortal Boatyard on the Sun Island. They were busy with my business last night. I need to get my approval. The process hasn't been completed yet, so I have to wait for the next team to come over." Wang Ming said via voice message.

This is not a voice transmission technique. Instead, Wang Ming directly uses his own brain waves to communicate spiritually.

An ordinary person's brain waves can be developed to such an extent... It is true that only Wang Ming can do it in the world.

So it's no wonder why the authorities were so cautious when approving Wang Ming.

At this moment, Wang Ming suddenly frowned.

There was an alert look in his eyes. He continued to use brain waves to secretly communicate with Wang Ling and Sun Rong: "Do you feel anything?"

"Yeah." Wang Ling and Sun Rong both nodded.

Someone is watching them.

And this man was a passenger on the same flight as them. He was a man wearing a woolen hat, sunglasses, and a black down jacket.

"How is the situation?" At this time, a voice came from the miniature headset in the man's ear.

"Don't worry. Everything goes well..."

"Be careful. Don't get discovered."

"Don't worry. Three Foundation Building students. If I can't accomplish this task. How can I face the young master?"

Although I have been demonstrating with sunglasses and pretending to read a newspaper.

But this person obviously didn't expect that he would start from the moment he had evil intentions.

He has already been targeted by his surveillance target.

He didn't even think about it.

The three objects I am monitoring.

One is the most powerful brain on earth.

One is the strongest Foundation Building on Earth.

And the last one... is the father of the earth...





Chapter 1498 The mysterious Mrs. 6


Early that morning, the sixth wife of the Jiugong family got up early.

After simply combing her hair, the charming sixth lady did not put on any makeup and quietly left through the back door of Jiugong's house with only two accompanying maids.

Worshiping the Buddha requires sincerity. Meeting the Buddha without makeup is actually a sign of respect.

The back door is located right on the road from the Buddhist temple where Mrs. Six is going, and it won't disturb other people.

Therefore, every time when worshiping Buddha, the Sixth Lady must start from the back door.

Yingxian Heming has arranged everything.

He arranged for a black car belonging to the Jiugong family to park at the back door.

It was already two hours later when we officially arrived at "Tianxuan Buddhist Temple."

The scene in front of the Buddhist temple surprised the two maids behind Madam Six.

The riveted doorway of the Buddhist temple is open. The stone lion head kowtows above and the surrounding stone walls together show the mottled flavor of the years.

The murals on the stone walls have been exposed to wind and rain all year round. Although the color has long been dull, they still have a sense of simplicity and the times.

Tianxuan Buddhist Temple is the most famous Buddhist temple in Dongfu. On weekdays, even in the early morning, the pilgrims who come to visit have already passed the threshold.

Jiugong Xinghui arrived here at seven o'clock with two maids.

Under the preparation of Yingxian Heming, the Jiugong family and the Zhai Xing Group jointly cleared the area and blocked all roads leading to the Buddhist temple.

One hour of worship time was reserved for the Sixth Lady only.

Along the stone wall of the Buddhist temple, a member of the "Zhai Xing Group" stands every three meters.

These people are dressed in uniform light blue monks' simple attire. They are equipped with Buddhist beads. They are specifically responsible for the safety and order of the Six Madams during their worship.

Add up the number of people. There are hundreds of people.

And this kind of formation is the basic operation every time the Sixth Madam goes out to worship Buddha.

Other pilgrims could not come in. Although they complained in their hearts, they did not dare to express anything with their mouths.

The face of the Jiugong family and Zhai Xing Group. They have to give...

In a sense, when these two families come together, their reputation may be much greater than that of Buddha in a Buddhist temple.

Some people think of themselves as Buddhists for the comfort of their hearts.

But if you want to live, you still have to be a social person.

They were all just recruited by the Sixth Madam. They have a very clean background. Jiugong Xinghui is interested in training them.

"I'm bringing you out today so that you can get used to it in advance."

Before formally worshiping the Buddha, Jiugong Xinghui glanced at the two of them and said: "Work under my hand. Don't make a fuss about anything. Don't show that you have never seen the world. Do you understand?"

"Yes. Madam."

The two maids followed behind, nodding obediently.

"You two don't need to follow me. Except for the main hall in front of you, the rest of the Buddhist halls will be left to you. Be sure to light three lights in front of each Buddha statue."

After passing through the courtyard, Jiugong Xinghui took out the incense sticks he had prepared in advance.

She handed two of the bundles to the maids in her hands and gave instructions.

The two maids nodded. Each took their own bundle of incense. They started to worship from the side hall on the side.

Madam Six saw the two people leaving with her peripheral vision. Immediately, a cluster of flames rose from her fingertips, igniting the incense.

She walked slowly towards the main hall.

Finally, the figure disappeared through the main door of the main hall...

...

"Did Madam Six go to Tianxuan Temple again?"

On the other side, Jiugong Xiushi was enjoying breakfast in the cherry garden when he heard the news from Duyan.

Ordinary people go to worship Buddha. Jiugong Xiushi doesn't care that much.

But these Sixth Madam, every time they worship Buddha, they do it with great fanfare. They have long made Jiugong Xiushi a little unhappy.

However, Zhai Xing Group's actions on Sun Island have always been high-profile. This domineering style is actually a consistent style.

Jiugong Xinghui's move seems to be in line with the family tradition of Zhai Xing Group. But as the current obvious opponent, Jiugong Xiushi has actually had doubts about this matter a long time ago.

He felt that Mrs. Six's behavior every time she went to the Buddhist temple to worship Buddha.

Seems a little unusual.

"Do you still remember the burglary that happened at home before Mrs. Six got married?"

At this time, Jiugong Xiushi frowned and said to One-Eyed Samurai.

"Of course I remember." One-Eyed Samurai nodded.

Before he was transferred to become Jiugong Xiushi's personal bodyguard, he also worked part-time as Jiugong's family bodyguard.

In such a heavily guarded Jiugong home, a burglary occurred. This is really unforgettable.

"Although at that time, after checking Jiugong's home, nothing was found stolen. We only found signs that the door locks had been picked in several places..."

At this point, Duyan's eyes darkened and he continued: "But these broken door locks all point to the main sealing place of {Ghost Book} deep underground!"

"That's right! Although my father also suspected it was a coincidence at first. But these picked locks are really a coincidence."

Jiugong Xiushi was sitting in a wheelchair. He said with a hint of reminiscence: "Our Jiugong home is about the area of ten university campuses. The internal routes are complicated. This has been specially calculated by the formation master. There are a total of 132 buildings. Mansion. Tens of thousands of keyholes."

"In order to open the passage to the underground seal, you must open forty-nine specific keyholes within that day. And they must be opened in sequence. Just like a dynamic password."

"The keyholes change every day. Only the father, who holds the order of the head of the family, knows the password. On the day of the theft, there were a total of sixty-eight keyholes with pry marks, and forty-two of them were the ones designated on that day. Mechanical lock."

Speaking of this, Jiugong Xiushi smiled coldly.

Where in the world could such a coincidence come from?

There are 49 locks that change positions every day. On the day of the theft, 42 were hit.

Although a total of 68 pieces were stolen, I guess this was probably a method used by the thief to cover up the truth.

"What the young master means is that the Sixth Madam may be related to this attempted burglary?"

"I don't have direct evidence yet. But I have reason to suspect that the purpose of that woman marrying into our family is most likely for the {Ghost Book} main registration. So I have been asking you to track it down. She went to the Buddhist temple to worship Buddha. thing."

After Jiugong Xiushi finished speaking, he pondered for a moment and continued.

"Although since she married into the family, Mrs. Six does appear to be adhering to womanly ways and keeping aloof from the world."

"But actually, I still think she went to a Buddhist temple to worship on the surface, but secretly she might be planning with the top brass of Zhai Xing Group."

"But it's a pity that there are no clues about these things so far." One-Eyed Samurai sighed.

He has actually investigated the Sixth Madam many times, but each time there was no particularly reliable result.

From the initial burglary attempt, to Mrs. Six marrying into Jiugong's family, and then to Mrs. Six's frequent visits to Buddhist temples to worship now...

Although there are gaps in the middle clues, in terms of time and coincidence.

The purpose of this Sixth Lady was not pure. Jiugong Xiushi noticed it very early.

On the wheelchair. Jiugong Xiushi frowned deeply.

"And she has been plotting against my Jiugong family for a long time. If an outsider comes at this time, it may disrupt her original rhythm."

"So. The purpose of the young master sending people to monitor Number 60 High School is actually for protection?"

"Of course!"

Jiugong Xiushi nodded: "Since we are going to carry out the kidnapping plan, we must at least ensure their safety before they land on Sun Island. Otherwise, our plan to win over Miss Sun will be completely in vain..."

Although he was obsessed with fighting for the head of the family, he even made a ruthless plan to kill Jiugong Liangzi.

But now Jiugong Xiushi discovered that maybe he and Jiugong Liangzi were consistent in their attitude towards the Sixth Madam.

This woman is dangerous.

Perhaps more terrifying than Jiugong Liangzi.

A ferocious snake is not scary. What is scary is the quiet snake lurking in the dark.

Normally, it just sits there.

It looked like he was asleep.

But no one knows when this poisonous snake will raise its head and bite it.

One-Eyed Samurai felt that things were getting interesting: "Master Xiushi, do you think Mrs. Six will do anything on the plane?"

"With Madam Six's character, it's very possible."

Jiugong Xiushi smiled bitterly and said: "But my little mother has always been patient. I just don't know if she will take the bait this time."

"Maybe."

One-Eyed Samurai frowned: "If you can fake an accidental plane crash. If you do it well, you can die without any evidence."

"Is it a plane crash? This seems to be the work of Zhai Xing Group."

Jiugong Xiushi frowned: "So. Are the people sent reliable?"

"This is my capable general. He is in the Nascent Soul stage. He has received systematic training from the army. He has rich experience. I think there will be no problems."

"Well, you can make a phone call later and ask about the situation. We don't have much time before we board the boat."

"Yes."

...

We boarded the immortal boat smoothly. Wang Ling The seating area for the group was the business class seats at the front.

Business class seats are very spacious and comfortable.

Each person has a leather sofa chair. It comes with a full body massage and the function of freely adjusting the lying angle.

Massage...Wang Ling is actually not really needed.

His body is too dense.

Although I have used light body techniques to lose weight, my body is actually still as hard as iron.

Even if the massage head made of alloy is vibrated on Wang Ling, it may resonate and break.

The man who had been monitoring them in the lounge before boarded the boat and found that Wang Ling were all sitting in business class. The expression on his face suddenly became slightly embarrassed.

"Miss...can I upgrade my cabin? I would like to upgrade to business class."

So the man gritted his teeth and applied to the stewardess on the immortal boat.

"I'm sorry, sir. All business class seats have been booked," the pretty stewardess replied patiently.

"Are there none left?"

"Yes sir." the stewardess replied.

Immortal boat business class tickets are very expensive. They are ten times more expensive than economy class tickets.

Locations are also very limited. There are only ten in total.

Although there are currently only three people in the business class: Wang Ling, Wang Ming and Sun Rong.

However, Sun Rong obviously does not want their space to be disturbed by outsiders.

She knows that Wang Ling likes to be quiet. She might not be used to it if there are strangers sitting next to her.

So the girl used her pocket money, which in her opinion was not too much, to occupy all the positions.

"Are there any first-class seats available?"

"Yes sir."

"Okay! Help me upgrade to a first-class seat!"

The man didn't give up. If he couldn't get in the business class, he tried to get in the first class.

This is the cabin closest to business class. And the key is that if you want to pass business class, you must pass through first class.

He was sent by Jiugong Xiushi. If there is anything suspicious, he can detect it at a glance.

This is the last resort. But it is also a helpless move.

Although there was no one else in the business class.

But for safety reasons, Wang Ming directly used the magnetic shield that came with Wang Ling Number 3 to completely cover this area.

To ensure that communications in business class will not be monitored by others.

"Where did that person come from? He's sneaky. But he doesn't seem to have murderous intent."

Sun Rong asked with confidence.

This is her most intuitive feeling of using sword energy.

If the person coming has malicious intent, then Aohai will immediately detect the murderous intent and issue a warning to Sun Rong.

"Not surprisingly, he should be from the Jiugong family."

Wang Ming said: "I secretly took a photo of him in the lounge earlier. Then I used the authority to enter the face recognition system of International Big Data to scan. I found that this person is called Makino Ling. Nascent Soul period. He was a member of the Sun Island Self-Defense Force. One. After retirement, he is currently working under the Jiugong family."

"Brother Xiaoer is amazing. You can take a picture of him with such a tight covering?" Sun Rong laughed.

"Use the association scanning mechanism. It's actually very easy. Wearing sunglasses is actually useless. The scanning light I take pictures can directly penetrate the sunglasses and shine on his eyes. I only need to get 1-2 facial features. Then combine it with the actual body shape for association Scan. You can easily get face data."

Wang Ming said, stretching out his arm, resting on his head, with a relaxed and leisurely look: "This person, should not be planning to lay hands on us."

"In other words, they don't plan to attack us on the immortal boat."

"If it's the official person responsible for protecting Jiugong's family, they should communicate with us in advance."

"The way he looks, combined with his identity, he looks like he was sent by some force within the Jiugong family to protect us."

Wang Ling: "..."

Sun Rong almost laughed out loud after hearing this.

Their current lineup doesn't lack protection at all!

Even if you don't count Wang Ling. With Wang Ming's current combat power, it would be difficult for ordinary cultivators to defeat him.

And this time I went abroad. Because Wang Ming was traveling with me, Huaxiu Alliance actually attached great importance to security work.

In addition to Zhai Yin who came with him on the next immortal boat, he also applied for special protection to the Office of Strategic Deception.

That is to say. It looks like they only have four people participating in the exchange program.

But in fact, there are thousands of troops following behind.

"Anyway, that's the situation. This guy is not moving right now. We don't need to pay any attention to him."

Wang Ming chuckled and said: "There may be another group of people who really want to do harm to us. And this person may have got some news? But we are on an immortal boat. They are too brave to do something against us. It's too big."

"Are you trying to cause a plane crash?"

"Who knows."

Wang Ming spread his hands.

He looked at Wang Ling on the side and showed a meaningful smile: "I just hope that those people will be in peace. After all, the ceiling of the cultivation world is right next to me..."





Chapter 1498 Wang Ling? Isn't it a mascot?


According to the current speed of immortal boat sailing, the entire journey from Songhai City to Sun Island takes 4 hours.

Originally, the distance to Sun Island was not that far. But as the glaciers in the Antarctic and Arctic melted, the sea level rose. The strong backflow storms formed at the poles lost by the resistance of the glaciers. In the end, they pushed the entire Sun Island forward...

In a timeline of hundreds of years.

Today's Sun Island has drifted near the equator.

The distance becomes longer, and the air route of the immortal boat also becomes farther.

In the business class. Wang Ling looked calmly at the cloud scenery outside the window. The clouds that were dazzling by the sun flew back.

But in the eyes of Wang Ling, this speed is really too slow.

And this is one of the reasons why Wang Ling finds it troublesome to go abroad.

The current immortal boat in the world of cultivation. Its sailing speed really makes Wang Ling dare not compliment it. If it weren't for the Sun Island exchange student plan, it has to go through legal channels... Wang Ling does directly use the Wang Ling technique }Past impulses.

Anyway, as long as he teleports fast enough, no one can discover him.

It was approaching eleven o'clock. There was still no movement from the man who was secretly watching in the first class cabin.

The whole voyage seemed to be harmonious and smooth.

Wang Ming is using the smart eye equipped with Wang Ling Number 3 to watch movies. He only needs to extract the fragments of the eye and splice them together.

However, he still maintained full vigilance.

Five minutes later, the business class service light came on. A stewardess pushed a huge luxurious dining car with a dazzling array of food. She walked slowly from the sky kitchen at the front of the business class.

The meals in business class are relatively rich and have everything.

Just ask for what you want to eat from the menu.

The flight attendant will take the food, arrange it on the plate and put it in front of your eyes. If you don't have enough, you can refill it.

"Give me a children's meal. Thank you."

Wang Ming glanced at the menu and felt that it was too troublesome to order a single order, so he directly selected the combination on the menu.

"..."

The stewardess was stunned. Although he had never seen a child under 1.8 meters, since this was the customer's request, of course she had no choice but to comply.

The children's set meal also has a rich variety of combinations. Assorted vegetables, exquisite hamburger steak with a little red flag, side dishes of fried golden fish balls and grilled chicken wings, plus guacamole for garnish.

In addition, there is a fruit ice cream and a cup of sugar-free happy water.

I have to say, the stewardess is very skilled in her business.

She quickly picked up the food according to the contents of the set meal and started plating. She moved very quickly. It took less than 1 minute to present the children's set meal to Wang Ming: "Sir, your children's set meal."

"Thank you." Wang Ming nodded with satisfaction.

Then he saw the flight attendant turn her eyes to Sun Rong and Wang Ling: "What do you two want to eat? Do you want one? How about the couple's set meal?"

Wang Ling: "..."

Sun Rong immediately felt the fire burning to the base of his ears. He was so shy that he quickly buried his face: "Well...we are not..."

"Sorry. I was abrupt."

The stewardess covered her mouth and smiled slightly: "So. Do you want to try the table-sharing meal?"

"Table meal plan?"

"Because there are often student groups on our flights, that's why we have the "tablemate package" design. It can enhance friendship." The stewardess replied with a smile.

Sun Rong blushed and looked at Wang Ling: "Classmate Wang Ling. What do you think?"

"kindness."

Wang Ling nodded. As always, he cherished words like gold.

He is not picky about food. In fact, it doesn't matter what he eats.

As a result, when the stewardess brought the set meal, Wang Ling and Sun Rong were both dumbfounded.

Because it's a big plate. And there's everything on it...

"Just one portion?"

"Yes. The table-sharing set meal is originally a plate. The meal is for two people." The flight attendant smiled.

"..."

"How to eat from this plate..."

"Of course we will eat together." The stewardess continued with a smile: "Look. Is there something like a chalk line in the middle of this oval plate? This is actually a 38 line made of snow-colored caviar."

"..."

"Since it is a set meal that enhances friendship, of course eating it together can enhance friendship."

Just as the stewardess finished speaking, she suddenly heard the sound of an old-fashioned steam train in the air.

Obviously. Sun Rong became a steam girl again...

Wang Ming was looking on in amusement. While eating the hamburger steak in the children's set meal, he couldn't help but recite a poem: "Boundless shame is falling. Steam rolls in endlessly..." What a poem!

Now. Sun Rong finally found out. Since she experienced the "Yin and Yang Death Tribulation" incident.

She always seems to be on the way to being teased.

In fact, the real table-sharing package is not like this.

But everyone has a time when they are young.

She saw it. From the moment Sun Rong got on the immortal boat, the girl's eyes fell on the young man's face and never stopped.

The light in her eyes was gentle but full of strength. It made the stewardess think of many things at once.

What it feels like to fall in love with someone. Everyone who has been there knows it.

It's not just a racing heart and a blush.

But when two people are in the same space, it seems that only the figure of the person in their heart is in sight.

So at that moment, the flight attendant was sure of one thing.

The handsome young man in front of her is the only light in the girl's sight...

Lunch or not. It doesn't really matter.

As long as her intention can be conveyed, it will be a success.

"You two, please use it slowly."

The stewardess always had a smile on her face. She pushed the dining car to the end of the business car.

Then another layer was taken out from under the luxury dining car and a small dining car was taken out.

The food on the small dining car is packaged lunch boxes. In the first class, there are more box lunches to choose from and more side dishes.

As for economy class, there is no other choice.

Wang Ling sighed in his heart.

Sure enough, the cabins are different. The treatment at this level is also very different...

He saw the flight attendant using her work badge to carefully open the door connecting business class and first class, and was about to push the cart through.

As a result, the originally peaceful immortal boat suddenly experienced a tremor.

The flight attendant was experienced. She quickly pressed the brake button of the dining car and then held the handle next to her.

Normal airflow turbulence occurs from time to time.

As a professionally trained flight attendant, she has extremely high professional qualities.

Preparing to confirm the situation with the cab via inlay phone.

As soon as the phone was raised, the flight attendant seemed to hear something. Her face immediately changed drastically. She turned pale!

Then. I heard a "buzz!" Another strong jolt came.

But this time, the entire immortal boat actually began to tilt to the right.

"The situation. Not quite right..."

At this time, Wang Ming frowned.

"It's the cab."Sun Rong responded at a constant speed.

Judging from the reaction of the flight attendant before, she judged that something unexpected happened in the cab.

Sure enough, there had been no movement in the cab before. When Aohai's sword energy was tested again, a feeling of chill came directly along the sword energy, making the girl shudder violently.

"This is...a ghost?" Sun Rong was stunned.

The look on Wang Ling's face was equally astonishing. Because the cab was right in front of the business class cabin.

During this period, except for the flight attendants, no one else passed by. How did this ghost pass through the business class and get into the cab?

But they were surprised. But the three people in the business class did not show any panic. They were already calm and found the matter interesting.

"Your Majesty, please find a way to stabilize the immortal boat. Let Miss Rong and I deal with this invading ghost." Wang Ming said through brainwave transmission.

At this stage, it's not time for Wang Ling to intervene. It's just a few minions.

Wang Ming felt that at this level, even he and Sun Rong couldn't get through it.

Wang Ling is their trump card.

Since it's your trump card, don't reveal it easily.

This was in the sky. Wang Ming thought that if Wang Ling made a move, what if his aim was not accurate?

This ghost may die together with the immortal boat.

It will really be a plane crash then...

Therefore, Wang Ling also fully agrees with Wang Ming's decision at this moment.

The three of them work together in perfect harmony.

After hearing the commands issued by Wang Ming's brain waves.

Wang Ling leaned on his position calmly.

He lightly tapped the seat support with one finger.

In an instant, the immortal boat, which was about to roll over, was easily corrected.

At this time, Wang Ming, who had changed into Wang Ling's Number 3 mecha, stood up from his seat together with Sun Rong.

The division of labor between the two is clear.

Wang Ming went straight to the cab. And Sun Rong was responsible for logistics processing.

Aohai's sword energy has healing power. The moment Sun Rong stood up, the surging sword energy spread out like ripples with the warm blue aura centered on the girl.

At this moment. Sun Rong suddenly transformed into a "moving water spring" with a huge radiation range.

The azure aura spread out in circles, calming the anxious thoughts of all the passengers on the immortal boat.

And those who were injured are gradually recovering...

"Ah? What happened? The wound is actually healed?"

"Is someone using a healing spell?"

"Oh, my God! My silicone implant just broke. And the silicone just flowed back into my chest from the wound... How did that happen?"

"..."

The passengers had no idea what was going on.

But the situation seems to have stabilized.

This made everyone breathe a sigh of relief.

"What on earth...is going on?"

First class cabin. The person who was sent by Jiugong Xiushi to protect Wang Ling and the others - Makino Ling.

At this moment, there was a look of confusion on his face.

He had no idea what was going on.

Little did he know that he was clearly here to protect. As a result, he now became the target of "protection"...

But one thing is certain.

Just now, the immortal boat suddenly turned over. It was definitely not caused by turbulence in the airflow that caused the loss of control.

But it's human reason!

Makino Ling was surprised.

Originally, the three hours the immortal boat traveled were uneventful.

Unexpectedly, in this final time of arrival.

Suddenly something like this happened...

Everything is as Jiugong Xiushi and One-Eyed Samurai expected.

An "air crash" really almost happened!

"Jiugong Xinghui...this woman is indeed a lunatic!"

Makino Ling gritted his teeth. He was filled with fear.

He wanted to use satellite signals on the plane to report to Duyan who was waiting for news at Jiugong's home.

However, there was a force that blocked the signal from his nano headset.

Just when I turned on the device, I heard a harsh sound in my ears.

It's like a cat. It stretches out its claws and scratches the blackboard.

"How can it be repaired!!"

Makino Ling angrily took off the headset, which was about the size of a grain of rice, and threw it on the ground.

Although I don't know why the Dao Immortal boat has stabilized now.

But Makino Ling still couldn't figure out how the sixth wife planned this plane crash silently...

Just when he was puzzled, a girl wearing a 60 High School uniform came towards him with a smile on her face.

No way. No way?

Have you actually been discovered?

The moment he saw Sun Rong walking towards him. Makino Ling still thought that he would be fortunate.

He pretended to be calm and picked up the newspaper.

At this time, the girl's figure stopped in front of him. She stopped her steps accurately: "You are Mr. Makino Ling, right?"

"..." Makino Ling shed a cold sweat.

I can't believe they even know him by name...

Sun Rong leaned over and said softly: "No need to pretend, Mr. Makino Ling. How about it? Do you want to come to the business class to talk?"

I would actually be discovered. Or by a student in the Foundation Building period...

Makino Ling puts down the paper in disbelief. His mind was mixed up. He looked at Sun Rong: "Ms. Sun. When did..."

"In the beginning."Sun Rong answered truthfully.

"In the beginning?"

"Didn't you already keep an eye on us when you were in the lounge?" Sun Rong smiled.

"This...you discovered it early? Then why didn't you wait until now..."

"Because you didn't do anything inappropriate. I'm just teasing you."

"..." The corner of Makino Ling's mouth twitched.

At this time, Sun Rong suddenly looked towards the rear in the direction of the business class cabin.

After feeling it for a while, she smiled and said, "It seems that Brother Xiaoer has already dealt with the ghost."

"?"

At this point, Makino Ling was completely dumbfounded.

Number 60 High School sent us as exchange students this time. Aren't they all students from the Foundation Building period!?

...

On the other side, in the business class, Wang Ming successfully entered the cockpit.

Uncover the ghost that caused the immortal boat to almost roll over and cause the plane crash to occur.

What makes Wang Ming unbelievable is that.

This turned out to be a lock of hair...

About a few minutes ago, when he just entered the cab.

I found that the hair of the pilot and co-pilot was rising forward like a Saiyan.

It's like being electrocuted. Floating in the air.

Later, I took a closer look.

Only then did Wang Ming discover that it was two hairs that had penetrated through the gap, piercing the tops of the two people's heads like tentacles.

He made a prompt decision and cut off the hair connecting the two pilots' heads. Then he collected it.

At this time, Sun Rong came back with Makino Ling and immediately closed the business class door.

"This should be a ghost that can move at a distance. It also has a wide range."

Wang Ming said: "It can be manipulated by penetrating hair into the gap and piercing the human brain."

"The person being manipulated will have his or her hair stand on end and lose consciousness. Just like a puppet on strings."

"Although I cut off the link, the ghost did not die. Look at the hair quality. It looks like a woman's hair..."

"It's the hair demon..."

Makino Ling seems to know something.

After he was brought in by Sun Rong and heard Wang Ming's description, he immediately thought of such a legendary ghost...

"It seems that Mr. Makino Ling knows the origin of this ghost?"

"This is a legendary ghost... and the one the Jiugong family has always wanted to capture."

Makino Ling pondered: "A few years ago, the Jiugong family organized an exorcism operation against this ghost. However, due to an unexpected incident, the exorcism operation was canceled."

"After that, there was no movement for several years."

"The outside world says that the Jiugong family's operation against the "hair demon" failed."

oh?

Wang Ming felt that he had asked some interesting things.

Immediately he couldn't help but look at Makino Ling with great interest. He continued to ask: "What kind of emergency is it?"

"It appears to be an attempted burglary..."

Makino Ling said: "I don't know the specific thing. After I was discharged from the army, I was hired by the eldest son of the Jiugong family, Jiugong Xiushi, as a personal samurai for a few years. The time was not too long."

Speaking of which, Makino Ling looked a little nervous.

"This haired demon is no ordinary ghost...it will lose consciousness if invaded. There should be no one in the cockpit now, right?"

"Yes. The pilot and co-pilot are both asleep."

Wang Ming smiled and said: "But I have just dealt with it. Now the immortal boat is completely under my control. So there is no need to worry."

As he spoke, Wang Ming pressed a spot on his arm. A flap was opened on his right arm.

There is a set of universal remote control equipment inside.

This was specially prepared by Wang Ming in anticipation of such a situation.

As long as the smart program of Wang Ling Number 3 is implanted, you can control all devices with electronic functions. You can achieve unimpeded access.

"Who are you...?"

Makino Ling was stunned. It was hard to express in words.

He looked at the young man in front of him who was wearing a mecha. He was fully armed with high-tech features. He looked like he had pretty good combat capabilities.

However, this person didn't have any spiritual power at all. He was just an ordinary person.

"These are not things you should know. Mr. Makino Ling."

Wang Ming chuckled and said: "Shouldn't you explain to us now? Why are you spying on us? And...did you already know that something would happen later?"

"I was only ordered to protect the safety of the three of you before landing. I don't know anything about other things." Makino Ling frowned and said with a bitter smile.

"Yes." Wang Ming nodded.

Every word spoken by Makino Ling can be measured by his heart rate and brain wave fluctuations.

Judging from the current monitoring results, Makino Ling did not lie.

"As of now, I have no other way. Because I don't know much. Since you can detect me and know my name, you must know something."

Makino Ling sighed helplessly: "So. I don't need to lie to you."

He really felt helpless.

Who would have thought that during a Nascent Soul period... when a plane crash almost happened just now, a group of people would panic.

Instead, he himself was saved by these two students who only had the foundation building level.

However, although the information states that it is the Foundation Building period, judging from the current contact experience.

Makino Ling felt that the classmate Wang Xiaoer in front of him and the legendary Miss Sun seemed not as simple as they seemed.

"So what do you know about us?"

"The information given to me by Jiugong's family shows that you are a student who has been on leave for a long time. Your name is Wang Xiaoer. Foundation Building Period."

At this time, Makino Ling looked at Wang Ming.

Then he turned aside Sun Rong: "Miss Sun. I think it goes without saying... Miss Sun's reputation is actually very loud..."

"So. Where is that person? How much do you know?" Wang Ming pointed at Wang Ling. and asked.

"Isn't he the mascot mentioned in the information?" Makino Ling said.

"Yes. It's the mascot." Wang Ming couldn't hold it back and laughed out loud.

Wang Ling: "..."

...

After some questioning, Wang Ming found that the information Makino Ling knew was actually not too much.

Even many things were guessed by him in advance.

Seeing that the immortal boat would land smoothly soon, Wang Ming planned to end this interrogation game early.

He brought Makino Ling back to his original seat.

"This classmate Wang. Who are you...can't you satisfy my curiosity?"

"Thank you Mr. Makino Ling for your cooperation. There are too many things for me to say. If you are destined, you will know." Wang Ming smiled politely at him.

Then he pressed the button on his chest.

Buzz! A bright white flash suddenly lit up from the center of Wang Ming's chest. It then shot to every corner of the immortal cabin.

The white flash lasted about 5 seconds.

Except for the three people from Number 60 High School, all the passengers on the immortal boat, including the crew, suddenly felt their minds go blank.

When everyone regained consciousness, they all felt as if they had been in a daze for a long time.

"It's all done."

Returning to business class. Wang Ming sat down again.

"What did brother Xiaoer just use?"

"A pulse device that enhances my brainwave radiation. It can cause rapid amnesia. Forget everything that happened in an hour." Wang Ming said.

"That's awesome!"

Sun Rong sighs. Admiration from the bottom of my heart.

"It's okay...but this thing can't be used continuously. It will burn your brain if you use it too much."

Wang Ming said with a smile. In fact, his head feels a little feverish now.

Although he now wears a mecha, many of the devices on the mecha actually need to be used in conjunction with Wang Ming's brainwaves.

Brainwaves are used too much. Heat dissipation is also a big problem...

Sun Rong saw Wang Ming's face burning. He quickly applied a {cooling technique} to Wang Ming.

"What is this? It's so cold..." Wang Ming suddenly felt a lot more comfortable.

"It's a cooling technique." Sun Rong said.

"This spell is pretty good. And Miss Rong is very skilled. Is it because she saw my family Ling Ling blushing that she often uses it on herself?"

"I... I'm not!"

The girl quickly turned her face away and started to feel hot again.

Wang Ling: "..."

...

Arrive successfully at Sun Island Dongfu City International Boatyard.

After leaving the immortal boat, Wang Ling noticed that the Makino Ling from before was secretly following them all the way.

Just like a crazy person who walks behind the scenes.

"Don't worry about him. His mission should have been completed. There is really nothing to ask."

Wang Ming said: "But judging from the conversation just now, the ghost called the Hair Demon that appeared on the immortal boat may be the work of the sixth wife that classmate Jiugong Liangzi said."

To be honest, Wang Ming was quite surprised.

It is indeed the famous underworld organization "Zhai Xing Group" based on Sun Island. It even dares to do things like planning an air crash...

The fatness of this guy is unbelievable.

"It's a pity. We don't have direct evidence yet." Sun Rong frowned slightly.

"Don't worry. Just wait and see what happens."

Wang Ming pillowed his head and walked forward: "It's a fox. It will always show its flaws."

In fact, it is not difficult to see that Wang Ming. Sun Rong felt a little angry.

I finally got the opportunity to study abroad as an exchange student with Wang Ling. There were actually some ignorant people interrupting me.

Zhai Xing Group, right...

Sun Rong has already written down this name in the "little notebook" in my heart.

Wang Ling looked at Sun Rong from the corner of his eye. Although there was not much expression on his face.

But regarding the plane crash that almost happened just now, he actually had some thoughts in his mind.

Zhai Xing Group is indeed hateful.

In order to target a few people, he even did not hesitate to drag other innocent people into the funeral.

Such behavior actually touches the principle of Wang Ling.

This time he came to Sun Island. He came with a learning attitude...

And these people obviously didn't think about what would happen if they disturbed Wang Ling's study.

The three of them waited at the boat yard for more than half an hour.

After disguising themselves, Jin Deng and Zhai Yin successfully met them.

Both of them are wearing casual clothes today.

Jin Deng no longer wears the thick-looking cassock. Instead, he also changes into the uniform of Number 60 High School. However, the word on the back of the uniform is no longer the word "jing", but the word "dai."

"..." Wang Ling was stunned when he saw the special school uniform of the "leading teacher."

Could this be the legendary "Brother Dai?"

On the other side, Zhai Yin is wearing a light casual outfit.

Off-shoulder white short sleeves and an ultra-short denim sports skirt revealed her good figure and slender thighs.

Wang Ming was stunned for a moment.

If it weren't for the special nature of this job, he would rarely see Zhai Yin dressed like this.

Normally, Zhai Yin always wears the security uniform.

If it weren't for the person's beauty.

In Wang Ming's opinion, the uniform is not much different from that of the old school guard.

Sure enough. People depend on their clothes...

Wang Ming sighed inwardly.

He found that he seemed to have seen a side of Zhai Yin that was hard to see on weekdays.

"Sorry. Long wait."

Zhai Yin was carrying a small suitcase and stepped forward to say hello.

Wang Ming felt that his head had just been subjected to the Sun Rong Sun Rong head. It suddenly became a little warm again.

He kept telling himself in his mind that he must stay calm...

"Did you misuse your brain waves? Why is your face so red?" Zhai Yin stepped forward and asked with concern. She stretched out her hand to take a human body temperature measurement.

As a result, Wang Ming subconsciously got out of the way.

"Don't move! Don't move. You'll get what you deserve!" Zhai Yin ordered in a stern voice.

Wang Ming was yelled at on the spot by this sound. Like a robot that had received instructions, it stopped in place.

Then Zhai Yin stepped forward. As if afraid that Wang Ming would slip away again, he grabbed Wang Ming's collar with one hand and touched Wang Ming's forehead with the other hand.

The close touch made Wang Ming's body temperature rise sharply due to embarrassment.

It's usually just in the laboratory. No one else sees it.

But it's different now. In this public place, Zhai Yin behaves like his girlfriend...

It's really too close.

Wang Ming can even feel Zhai Yin's breath.

And from this angle. He could also see the two outlines on Zhai Yin's chest.

"It actually has a hook..."

Because Zhai Yin usually wears a tight-fitting uniform, Wang Ming completely ignored this.

After staying there for a few seconds, Zhai Yin released his hand that was measuring the temperature.

The overall temperature is quite normal. It's not as exaggerated as I thought.

After all, she had fried steak on Wang Ming's head before. She had experience in temperature control in this area.

She looked at Wang Ming and breathed a sigh of relief: "It's okay. Everything is normal. You have to pay special attention. Do you understand?"

"eh..." Wang Ming nodded, like a chicken pecking at rice.

Seeing this deflated look made Wang Ling feel comfortable in his heart.

Sure enough, in this world, one thing will bring down another...

However, at this time, Zhai Yin looked at Wang Ming, still a little puzzled: "But why is your face so red when your temperature is not high?"

Sun Rong realized that he had found an opportunity to counter flirt. Immediately, he couldn't help but smile, "Maybe it's because Second Brother saw a close thing with sister Yinzi, isn't it?"

Something occurred to Zhai Yin.

She suddenly realized that when she was taking his temperature, there was something wrong with Wang Ming's eyes. Wang Ming's eyes seemed a little off. He kept glacing down...

And then her face reddened.

But at this time, Wang Ling suddenly felt that Sun Rong was a little dangerous.

Because of his understanding of Wang Ming. He knows Wang Ming's personality very well...

Dare to tease this guy. The end result is often being "molested" twice.

Everyone is here. In area B of the Zhouchang underground parking lot, Yingxian Heming, the foreign affairs officer of the Jiugong family, has been waiting for a long time.

"Hello, Mr. Yingxian Heming. Poor taoistHuo Ding. I am the leading teacher this time."

Monk Jin Deng stepped forward and said with a kind smile: "I believe you already know the few classmates standing behind me. And this Miss Yu Jun Dakou is my assistant teacher who is accompanying me. She is not on the list this time. It was my personal request to bring her to support work."

"so it is."

Yingxian Heming smiled kindly and said, "It doesn't matter. As long as all the expenses are borne by our Jiugong family."

"That's very polite. Thank you in advance, poor taoist." Monk Jin Deng

The name of this fake identity almost made Wang Ming laugh out loud.

Yukui Okou. Don't they just mean "Zhai" and "Yin" together?

At this time, Yingxian Heming also frowned.

Yukui Okou?

It seems like this surname is rare.

He immediately asked: "By the way, Ms. Yukui Okou is a native of Sun Island?"

"My mother is a local and my father is from Huaxiu. I have been living in Huaxiu for a long time. But I am proficient in both languages." Zhai Yin said politely in the local language here.

"It turns out to be a mixed race!" Yingxian Heming suddenly realized.

Of course. This experience was all Zhai Yin's fake identity.

After all, she is here this time. Her main job is to protect Wang Ming.

This fake identity was made by the authorities. It was perfect. There were no problems.

And because of his previous experience in the Sheng Immortal Special Forces, Zhai Yin has been sent to perform missions around the world.

Naturally, he also understands the language of Sun Island.

With the blessing of fluent native language.

Yingxian Heming had no doubt about the identity of the "Yukui Okou" lady in front of him.

"Welcome everyone! You have come all the way. Thank you for your hard work."

As a gentle and elegant old gentleman, Yingxian Heming stood in front of the prepared car and took the initiative to bow.

Then, he took the initiative to hold Zhai Yin's hand, leaned over and kissed it.

In fact, he had no intention of actually getting married.

This is just a courtesy.

When the kiss fell, Yingxian Heming kissed the back of his hand.

As a result, the kiss hadn't ended yet. Wang Ming took the initiative to take a step forward and took Yingxian Heming's hand.

He didn't know why he did that.

I just feel a little unbearable...

Even if it's not a real kiss.

But when he saw Zhai Yin's hand being held by someone, Wang Ming felt so uncomfortable that it was as if he was overturned.

So, in Yingxian Heming's shocked eyes, he suddenly kissed the old gentleman on the back of his hand.

He sneered at Yingxian Heming. The expression on his face was slightly hostile: "Well, the process has been completed. Then just leave for Jiugong's house quickly."

"..."

Yingxian Heming was shocked and speechless. He blushed: "This, this, this..."

He couldn't help but sigh in his heart. Today's boys are too unrestrained.

Sure enough, am I still getting old...

If he had taken the initiative back then, maybe his boyfriend wouldn't have run away.

And now. The boy in front of him actually took the initiative to kiss his hand... Maybe his charm is still there?

In a short period of time, Yingxian Heming's thoughts drifted away from Wang Ming's kiss.

But soon. Monk Jin Deng's words brought his thoughts to a halt: "Mr. Yingxian Heming?"

"Ah. Sorry. I was distracted..."

"My student is just a bit bad. He doesn't actually like men. Please don't think too much about it."

"That's right..."

Yingxian Heming was silent. Then he smiled apologetically: "Sorry, sorry. It's my fault."

...

The car that Yingxian Heming used to pick up the driver was an RV. The space inside was very spacious.

But when Wang Ling got in the car, she realized that something was not quite right in the atmosphere.

It was obviously fine before getting in the car...

But just after the hand-kissing incident, Sun Rong suddenly realized that Wang Ming seemed a little unhappy.

Although his face did not look angry, this style of keeping silent was obviously not in line with Wang Ming's personality.

"Sure enough... Brother Wang Ming is... jealous, right?" At this time, Sun Rong thought in his mind.

"Miss Rong's guess is absolutely correct." Monk Jin Deng can read minds.

After he heard Sun Rong's voice, he immediately secretly established a secret spiritual chat window and chatted privately with Sun Rong.

Sun Rong couldn't help but laugh at that time: "I suddenly realized that Brother Ming seems quite cute..."

Mainly because this is the way the girl feels she rarely sees a man being jealous.

"Miss Rong, are you envious?" Monk Jin Deng asked, raising his eyebrows.

"How can I..."

Sun Rong began to deny it. But soon he faced his own heart: "Okay. It is indeed a little bit."

Hey. It would be great if, sometime, classmate Wang Ling could also be jealous of her...

"Haha. There will always be a chance in the future." The monk couldn't help but smile.

The DNA of Wang's family has always had a special charm that attracts peach blossoms.

And on top of that. Old Wang's family is also famous for their vinegar.

And this. Sun Rong will indeed be felt in the future.

The monk was actually right.

And he expected it.

If that time really comes, it will not be far away from attaining the righteous fruition of cultivation...

...

I have to say that Wang Ming is really jealous. This sour smell spread all the way...

Until Yingxian Heming parked the RV in front of Jiugong's house. The strong smell of vinegar in the air seemed to have not dissipated.

Wang Ming remained silent. But Zhai Yin couldn't bear it anymore.

"I'm sorry. We have something to deal with between classmate Wang Xiaoer and I. Please wait for us in the car first." Zhai Yin left these words. Then he directly grabbed Wang Ming's wrist and pulled him out.

As soon as she got off the car, she grabbed Wang Ming and pulled him to a big tree nearby.

Wang Ming knows. A debate is about to begin.

To ensure safety, he opened the magnetic shield again.

So that the words spoken between himself and Zhai Yin will not be heard by strangers.

"Wang Ming. What do you mean? Who are you showing your face to?" Zhai Yin just stared at Wang Ming. The expression on his face was obviously unhappy.

"Yeah. I'm keeping a straight face. I also want to ask you. Who are you looking for when you are dressed so flashy?" Wang Ming replied.

Hearing these words, Zhai Yin raised his hands in anger.

She wanted to hit Wang Ming, but she couldn't. Finally, she thought about it and put her hand down.

In fact, after Wang Ming said this, he himself felt a little regretful.

Girls can dress however they like. It is indeed a girl's freedom.

Wang Ming knows very well that what he just said is very ambiguous.

He didn't know how long it had passed. It seemed like seconds, it seemed like minutes. Wang Ming suddenly saw a few tears welling up in the corners of Zhai Yin's eyes.

In fact, Zhai Yin actually has a lot to say in her heart.

But when the words came to my lips, I felt like I had nothing to say.

Zhai Yin: "Wang Ming. You are not stupid like your brother... You always know what I am thinking. That's why I don't understand, you know. I don't know what you were angry about just now..."

"Yinzi..."

"If you just want to make me angry, then congratulations. Your goal has been achieved."

"I didn't mean it." Wang Ming opened his mouth.

He looked at the girl who was about to burst into tears. Suddenly he felt that his soul had been hit hard.

At this moment, looking at Zhai Yin, his tone was obviously much softer: "You know, this is not what I want to say. I was a little confused just now...especially when I saw the old man grabbing your hand..."

"So?" Zhai Yin looked at him.

However, for a long time, under the shade of the tree, Wang Ming still did not answer.

Zhai Yin felt a little discouraged and was about to turn around and leave. Suddenly Wang Ming reached out and held her arm firmly.

"Let go..."

"Yinzi. I have something to tell you."

"Let go. I don't want to hear it anymore."

Zhai Yin's eyes were red. She was trying to stabilize her emotions.

"Just one sentence."

After a long silence, Wang Ming said: "I know. You like me... but I feel that you deserve someone better..."

These words touched Zhai Yin.

She turned around and pushed Wang Ming against the tree trunk. She looked at Wang Ming: "So, do you like me?"

He didn't know why. When Zhai Yin said this, Wang Ming felt that this was the last straw.

If you don't catch it, you may be drowned in regrets in the future.

He fixed Zhai Yin's shoulders. He replied, " I love you!"

Just the next second.

Wang Ming felt Zhai Yin suddenly leaning towards him.

Before he could react.

The girl's softness was already imprinted on his thin lips.

Yin...Zi...

At this moment, Wang Ming's eyes widened.

In a daze, he suddenly understood.

In fact, as long as we like each other, that seems to be enough.

As for probabilities, go to hell!

The next moment, he turned back and took the initiative to hold Zhai Yin's cheek and retorted.





Chapter 1499 A restless night at the 9th Palace House


This kiss lasted extremely long.

He didn't know how much time passed before the two of them separated with blushing faces.

Wang Ming put his arms around Zhai Yin's slender waist and buried his head deep in Zhai Yin's shoulder. He tasted it greedily and smelled the scent that belongs only to a girl.

"Yinzi..." He couldn't help but hold her tighter. His voice when calling Zhai Yin was trembling.

But now Wang Ming only feels regret. He regrets that he did not hold Zhai Yin earlier.

Obviously he likes her so much...

Wang Ming's whisper in his ear suddenly made Zhai Yin feel a sore nose.

She tried hard not to let her tears fall down so unsatisfactoryly.

Let Wang Ming hug him so tightly.

This situation is extremely unfamiliar but feels like it has been dreamed about countless times in dreams.

Make Zhai Yin extremely sentimental.

She reached out and stroked Wang Ming's hair. She couldn't help but laugh: "Others say you are the most powerful brain. But why do I think you are a fool?"

"I have the strongest brain. It is precisely because of this that I always think too much."

Wang Ming slowly let go of Zhai Yin and moved his face closer. The distance between him and Zhai Yin was less than an inch. The tips of their noses were almost touching.

"In the past, I worked hard to design mechas, arm myself fully, and become stronger... Actually, I wanted to get rid of you. As long as I am strong enough, there is no reason for you to stay with me..."

Wang Ming smiled bitterly and said: "But now I find that no matter how hard I try, I can't seem to get rid of you."

"You really don't need my protection now."

Zhai Yin naturally rubbed the host Wang Ming's neck: "So I give you this opportunity. Come and protect me."

"You are a bodyguard. Do you still need someone to protect you?" Wang Ming couldn't help laughing.

"Why? Don't want to?"

"Yes...of course I am willing..." Wang Ming was very happy.

At this moment, Zhai Yin suddenly said something that made Wang Ming almost laugh out loud: "Anyway, in the past, you always focused on your brother. In fact, there was a period of time when I was particularly skeptical about whether or not there was an intimate relationship between you and your brother..."

"What kind of relationship?"

Wang Ming suppressed a laugh: "What else can my brother and I do? Bayonet each other?"

Zhai Yin's face was instantly on fire, burning to the base of his ears: "You gangster...you want all these things..."

"There is indeed something going on between my brother and I. But it's not what you think."

At this time, Wang Ming gently stroked Zhai Yin's soft earlobe and said frankly: "It's not the time to tell you now. When the right opportunity comes, you will definitely know. But what I must tell you is... He is indeed someone I cherish very much."

Zhai Yin responded: "eh..."

At this time, Wang Ming stared at the girl in front of him with tender eyes: "And now, there is one more person I cherish."

As soon as he finished speaking, Zhai Yin suddenly hugged Wang Ming again: "I will wait for you to tell me."

"I won't keep you waiting too long. Yinzi..."

"In exchange, when you tell me, I will tell you another secret about me." Zhai Yin's face was hot.

"Your own secret?"

Wang Ming was suddenly shocked: "Don't tell me. You are actually a man. You are bigger than me..."

"Please stop thinking blindly..."

Zhai Yin laughed out loud.

This guy is always so crooked...

Afterwards, the two returned hand in hand. On the way back, Wang Ming suddenly came up with a spiritual thought.

"Tell me, the room Jiugong's family has arranged for the night. Is the sound insulation strong? If the sound insulation is not strong, I think it is okay to turn on the magnetic shield."

"What do you want to do..."

"It's okay. Just asking."

"We still have a mission. Don't act recklessly..."

"I know."

Wang Ming nodded. His heart blossomed with joy.

In fact, the previous few sentences were testing Zhai Yin's attitude.

As long as there is no rejection, that means there is a chance.

But in fact, this has to take into account the issue of realm surprise...

Wang Ming's current combat power comes from mechas. It is impossible to wear a mecha and do shameful things with Zhai Yin.

He could tell that because of his strange state of mind, Zhai Yin didn't dare to kiss too hard just now.

After all, there had been a passionate kiss between a high-level cultivator and a low-level cultivator before, resulting in the tongue being sucked out...

But this matter is actually easy to handle.

Wang Ming felt that he needed to obtain the enlightenment technique from Wang Ling.

Just make your physical body stronger.

...

Wang Ling A group of people waited in front of Jiugong's house for a long time.

Only then did he see the two people, who had been lying under the tree for half an hour, coming back from a distance with red faces.

"Sorry. It took us a while." Zhai Yin bowed and apologized.

In order to avoid suspicion, the two of them are not holding hands now. They still have some room to be reserved in front of everyone.

But in fact, what happened between the two of them under the tree just now...

In addition to Yingxian Heming. Wang Ling, Sun Rong and monk Jin Deng. They all saw it...

Sometimes the people we travel with are too powerful, which really makes people feel helpless.

"It doesn't matter."

Yingxian Heming had an unsurprised expression on his face. He had a humble attitude. Then he walked at the front to lead the way, leading everyone into the Jiugong family, which was like an ancient palace: "Our Jiugong family has arranged a residence. Today, I would like to invite everyone first. Check in at Jiugong's house."

Their current location is still in the outer courtyard of Jiugong's house. Wang Ling just scanned it with King's Eyes and learned the entire map of Jiugong's house.

As expected, the Jiugong family is so big that it is like a country on Sun Island.

And Wang Ling can tell from the layout of each building in Jiugong's house at just one glance.

A profound formation knowledge is used here.

The person responsible for designing the architectural layout for the entire Jiugong family. He is 100% a master of formations and Feng Shui.

Walking on the road marked with the Jiugong family's crow seal. Wang Ling was also thinking in his mind at the same time.

He had a rough idea of why the Jiugong family was laid out the way it was.

It is probably closely related to the secret room deep underground where the {Ghost Book} is sealed.

This formation layout of the Jiugong family exists to protect the main book of {Ghost Book}.

The mobile secret room underground will also change its location every day according to the "dynamic lock password" set by Jiugong's family.

However, this kind of saving is meaningless in Wang Ling's own opinion.

Because cracking passwords is very troublesome.

He can reach deep underground with just one punch...

Along the way. Wang Ling observed the layout of Jiugong's house.

What Sun Rong is concerned about is the dynamic between Wang Ming and Zhai Yin.

There was a smile on her face. Finally, she couldn't help but stepped forward and gently tapped Wang Ming's shoulder with her finger. Then she whispered: "Congratulations, brother Xiaoer."

Wang Ming was stunned. He couldn't help but laugh: "Is it that obvious?"

"Of course..." Sun Rong nodded solemnly.

Honestly. Congratulations. Congratulations.

But the sour smell of love makes Sun Rong jealous...

She looked at the background of Wang Ling in front of her. The sense of distance and helplessness in her heart suddenly came back to her.

Zhai Yin looked at Sun Rong's depressed face. Suddenly, she felt touched in her heart.

Suddenly, she felt that Sun Rong was very similar to herself.

The difference lies in the object they pursue. There is an essential difference in "material."

One is wood. The other is not...

Thinking of this, Zhai Yin couldn't help but stepped forward and took Sun Rong's arm.

She smiled at Sun Rong: "Shall we share a room tonight?"

The spring smile gave Sun Rong some comfort.

Zhai Yin whispered in the girl's ear: "We both had unrequited love at first. Maybe I can tell you some experience?"

Sun Rong's eyes lit up immediately after hearing these words.

She was so happy. She quickly thanked her: "Thank you for..."

When the words came to my lips, I realized that I seemed to have spilled the beans.

Although Yingxian Heming was walking at the front, he could still hear what Sun Rong was saying.

But fortunately Sun Rong responded quickly. He quickly sang: "Because of love. I will not be sad easily..."

"So everything is happy" Zhai Yin sang from behind very cooperatively.

Wang Ling, Wang Ming, Monk Jin Deng: "..."

"Thank you, Sister Yinzi."

After successfully fooling him, for the second time, Sun Rong carefully chose Transmission.

"You're welcome." Zhai Yin responded.

Then the two women held hands and walked in front of them very naturally.

This situation made Wang Ming sigh from the bottom of his heart.

The friendship between these women is really simple...

...

Jiugong's house is too big inside. Yingxian Heming led Wang Ling them all the way to several pavilions.

The pavilion is the location of the transfer circle inside Jiugong's house.

They turned around for no less than sixteen magic circles before arriving at the entrance of Yingxian Heming's mansion arranged in advance.

The name of this mansion is "Yuedu Guan."

According to Yingxian Heming, this is the Jiugong family's special hall for entertaining distinguished guests.

Wang Ling thinks this name sounds a bit familiar. It seems like I have heard it somewhere.

"The meaning of Yuedu actually has no other meaning." Yingxian Heming led the crowd and explained: "The actual meaning of Yuedu is: don't forget to vote for the monthly ticket while studying."

Everyone: "???"

It's time to check in.

Yingxian Heming arranged a total of three upper rooms.

All are equipped with presidential suites.

Wang Ming, Wang Ling.

Sun Rong, Zhai Yin.

Then Monk Jin Deng lived in a separate room.

When the room assignment was completed, Wang Ming's face was obviously not in a high mood.

When Monk Jin Deng saw this, he just smiled. He directly sent a message to Wang Ming: "I think Mr. Ming needs a skill very much."

Wang Ming: "?"

Monk Jin Deng: "I have a method called Qi Ding Shen Xian. Those who learn it can automatically enter the sage mode and eliminate all female sexual attraction. In addition, this method also has the effect of tonifying the kidneys and strengthening yang."

Wang Ming was surprised. He was about to ask why it had the effect of tonifying the kidneys and strengthening yang. But he saw monk Jin Deng exclaiming: "As time goes by, if you don't get close to women, you will naturally feel better. Stocking up more is actually good for fertility." Monk, I have stored up several reincarnations."

"..."

Hearing this, Wang Ming involuntarily took two steps back.

He thought this monk was a bit scary...

...

Overall, the arrangements made by the Jiugong family can be said to be appropriate and perfect. All receptions are of the highest standard.

This can actually be seen from Yingxian Heming, the foreign affairs liaison chief.

The Jiugong family actually has many foreign affairs liaison officers. Yingxian Heming is the boss of these foreign affairs officers. Generally, he will not show up easily except for specially entertained VIPs.

It can be seen that Jiugong Liangzi still has face in the Jiugong family.

And Yingxian Heming actually supports Jiugong Liangzi's group.

After all the arrangements were completed, the first thing Yingxian Heming did was to call Jiugong Liangzi: "Ms. Liangzi, I have made all arrangements for the distinguished guests from Huaxiu."

"Thank you for your hard work, Uncle Ying."

Yingxian Heming has never been careless in her work. She has always been reliable and made her feel at ease.

"Ah, by the way. What are they eating for dinner?"

"Ms. Liangzi, please rest assured about this. I have dispatched several experts from the Jiugong family. They are all famous chefs. They plan to cook some of our local specialties tonight. They will definitely satisfy the guests."

"That's good."

Jiugong Liangzi nodded. She was silent for a moment. Then she asked the last question: "By the way, Uncle Ying. I asked you to do something before..."

"Is it about Madam Six?"

Yingxian Heming said: "Everything is as expected by the lady. After I told Mrs. Six about the exchange student plan, Mrs. Six's first reaction was to go to Tianxuan Temple to pray."

"I understand. Uncle Ying. If there is any movement from her in the future, please tell me."

"Okay. Miss."

Yingxian Heming nodded solemnly and then terminated the call.

At this moment. Zhuo Yi is beside Jiugong Liangzi.

"It's so hot, Liangzi. It's so hot inside."

"If you feel it's too hot, just go out..."

"Then I think I can still hold on for a while."

Zhuo Yi laughed: "I see you are sweating. Your whole body is soaked."

"I want you to take care of..."

Hearing the word "wet", Jiugong Liangzi glanced at the clothes on his body subconsciously.

Eh...the fabric is quite thick. There is no possibility of penetration. It is very safe.

Zhuo Yi looked at the girl in front of him with a pity expression: "However, I still don't understand why you chose this place? Can't you go to my house?"

"Who wants to go to your house..." Jiugong Liangzi rolled his eyes.

In fact, she and Zhuo Yi were steaming in a steam room.

The appointment was proposed by Zhuo Yi. Today is Wang Ling's first day on Sun Island. There are many things to do on the itinerary. As well as some points to pay attention to when staying at Jiugong's home. Zhuo Yi feels It is necessary to discuss it together.

He originally wanted to invite Jiugong Liangzi to his home.

After Jiugong Liangzi went back last night, Zhuo Yi got up early and bought a lot of vegetables. He was going to show off his skills to Jiugong Liangzi.

To capture someone's heart.

Then. You must first capture a person's stomach.

This is the strategy for Zhuo Yi.

But what Zhuo Yi didn't expect was that the girl actually rejected his request.

Instead, they invited him to such a public place.

Suddenly Zhuo Yi felt that Jiugong Liangzi was deliberately keeping a distance from himself. He was planning to use this tactful way to peel off the relationship with him bit by bit.

We can still meet at the steam center.

What about the future?

Maybe they will just find an excuse to reject themselves.

Zhuo YiI don't know what Jiugong Liangzi is afraid of.

But now, this little girl is still trying to get rid of him...

Don't even think about this. And there is absolutely no possibility of negotiation!

The road to pursuing happiness is arduous. He has actually confirmed Jiugong Liangzi's feelings for him. Then it is even more impossible to give up.

Sometimes, you need to be thicker-skinned.

Maybe it was the high temperature in the steam room. Or maybe it was the burning gaze of Zhuo Yi.

Jiugong Liangzi felt that the temperature in this steam room seemed to be higher than expected.

She quickly covered her head with a towel and then stood up. She only said "I'm out." She quickly opened the door and walked out.

Fresh air finally allowed Jiugong Liangzi to calm down again.

The hot water droplets condense the sweat discharged from the skin and evaporate little by little with the water vapor.

Zhuo Yi hurriedly followed from behind. He was also covered in smoke: "Why don't you steam it for a while?"

"It's because of you..." Jiugong Liangzi silently rolled her eyes again.

Zhuo Yi This old dirty turtle. He has been saying ambiguous words since he started sweating.

These words may sound fine at first glance.

But Jiugong Liangzi is not stupid either.

Her waist almost broke when she heard it!

"What's wrong with me?" Zhuo Yi laughed.

"Humph...you know it yourself!" Jiugong Liangzi stretched out his finger and poked Zhuo Yi's heart hard. Then he turned around.

Zhuo Yi grabbed her wrist: "Where are you going?"

"Of course I'm going home." Jiugong Liangzi said.

"Go home? What time this time? And you invited me here."

"The purpose of our meeting is just to discuss the first day they went to Jiugong's house. You just heard it. They are in good condition now. We don't need to worry about it."

Jiugong Liangzi sighed and replied patiently: "So now we go back to our respective homes to find our respective mothers."

"Classmate Liangzi. Excuse me, are you hiding from me?" Zhuo Yi looked at Jiugong Liangzi intently.

He did not let go of the girl's hand, but very carefully controlled the force on his hand. He did not want to squeeze the girl's hand in pain.

"If I avoid you, will I ask you out...Don't think too much..."

Hearing this, the expression on Jiugong Liangzi's face darkened.

She originally wanted to explain something directly to Zhuo Yi. But she found that she seemed to be unable to explain everything clearly with only a few words.

What was beyond Jiugong Liangzi's expectation was.

The next moment. Zhuo Yi actually let her hand go.

The moment the temperature on his wrist disappeared, Jiugong Liangzi felt as if his heart was twitched by something.

She was frozen in place. And Zhuo Yi just looked at her.

The expression on the young man's face no longer held a smile. Instead, he looked a little disappointed.

"I understand, Classmate Liangzi. If you want to go back, I won't stop you. Anyway, I am just a tool to you, Classmate Liangzi."

Saying that, Zhuo Yi turned around, as if he was about to leave.

On the surface, he looked really disappointed. He felt like he was about to burst into tears.

But in fact, when Zhuo Yi turned around, Zhuo Yi was also panicking inside.

He didn't know whether his "play hard to get" trick would work.

One step, two steps... He walked towards the men's locker room.

In order to prevent Jiugong Liangzi from seeing his true thoughts. Zhuo Yi deliberately walked very fast. He was more decisive than Jiugong Liangzi thought.

Now, Jiugong Liangzi finally couldn't bear it anymore.

She took three steps at a time and stepped forward to grab Zhuo Yi's hand: "Zhuo Yi wait! Please speak clearly..."

"Not enough. Are you clear?" Zhuo Yi resisted the urge to turn around and hug the girl.

The moment Jiugong Liangzi's hand grabbed his. Zhuo Yi felt almost ecstatic inside.

Jiugong Liangzi held back tears in his eyes: "I have never regarded you as a tool..."

"So. Are we friends?"

At this time, Zhuo Yi turned around and faced her.

Jiugong Liangzi said without thinking: "Of course!"

"Since we are friends, you shouldn't have any scruples."

Zhuo Yi smiled again: "Let's go to my house for dinner tonight. I bought a lot of vegetables."

Jiugong Liangzi took a deep breath: "Okay..."

It was only then that the girl suddenly realized that she seemed to have been tricked by Zhuo Yi again.

...

In the evening. After finishing the meal, Wang Ling returns to the room.

Before going to bed, Wang Ling deliberately wrapped himself tightly in the quilt. Like a silkworm chrysalis. The corners of the quilt were rolled inwards. There was no gap at all.

"Ling Ling? Are you asleep?"

Wang Ming came out of the shower. She was smelling of high-end body wash.

This greeting immediately gave Wang Ling a bad feeling.

The three houses arranged by the Jiugong family are all configured as presidential suites. They are very spacious. There are two independent bedrooms.

And every bedroom has a large bed.

The only pity is that all the doors here are controlled by the system. For a professional intruder like Wang Ming, even if Wang Ling sets a password in advance, it will be useless.

So Wang Ming only took a few seconds to crack the password and walked in directly.

Because of my understanding of Wang Ming, Wang Ling actually expected that Wang Ming would come over, and insisted on sleeping with him.

"Hey. Ling Ling. Why are you so nervous? It makes me feel perverted."

Wang Ming came up to her so shamelessly: "I can tell you, I have a girlfriend now."

"..."

Wang Ling secretly despised him in his heart.

Now that you have a girlfriend, why don't you pay attention to avoiding suspicion?

Why are you joining in the fun...

Wang Ming didn't cover herself with a quilt either. She just lay next to him and said thoughtfully: "I have something to discuss with you tonight. Of course! The main thing is to ask you..."

"You said..."

From the gap, Wang Ling got his head out. It was concise and concise. It was so cute that it made people laugh.

Wang Ming chuckled. Then he connected the quilt on Wang Ling like a koala and hugged Wang Ling directly: "You should know what happened between me and your sister Yinzi today. If nothing else happens, this will be your sister-in-law from now on."

"..."

"So I was thinking about Ling Ling. Should I also show my cards to Yinzi?"

Wang Ming said: "She is very jealous. If we can show off her cards earlier, I will study Talisman for you in the laboratory. There will be no need to be secretive."

Wang Ling was stunned when he heard this.

Unexpectedly, what Wang Ming said was actually a serious matter worthy of discussion.

But about this matter. Wang Ling has not thought about it yet.

So. He sent a message to Wang Ming and said: "I understand."

Wang Ming nodded with satisfaction: "Okay. With your words, I feel relieved. You can look back and find the right time. I'm actually not in a hurry."

Wang Ling answered perfunctorily.

He thought Wang Ming had finished speaking and was leaving.

It turned out that this girl still had no intention of moving away.

Those cold feet were like loaches burrowing into his bed: "Ling Ling, it's cold today. It's too hot for me to lie down here... How about we squeeze in tonight?"

Wang Ling: "..."

"It's okay if you don't squeeze me. As long as you do the second thing for me."

Wang Ming said. Light radiates from his pupils: "Why don't you help my physical body. Why don't you enlighten some of it? As you know, there is still a gap between my actual level and that of your Sister Zhai Yin. There are many things. It's not convenient to do. The realm hinders our imagination to create new life."

Wang Ling: "..."





Chapter 1500 Take Wang Ling to climb the mountain


Wang Ling was half leaning over to look at the second goods in front of him.

He felt that this was a favor and that he should help.

Because Wang Ming rarely came to him specifically for his own matters. On the contrary, he would go to Wang Ming for Talisman's matters from time to time.

And the root of this matter is. Wang LingOn the other hand, it is also for your own consideration.

Wang Ming was born unable to practice. But he is recognized as the most powerful brain.

Although Zhai Yin is not the strongest brain, he actually has the Nascent Soul state at a young age.

From a certain perspective, Zhai Yin is actually a genius-level cultivator on earth.

It's a pity. Because of the relationship between Wang Ling.

Most geniuses pale in comparison to Wang Ling.

But Zhai Yin's foundation is actually very good. At this age of Nascent Soul stage, there is a lot of potential in the future.

Wang Ling feels that in terms of growth rate, given time, it will not be difficult for Zhai Yin to surpass the current ten generals in combat power.

And with such complementarity, the offspring created by Wang Ming and Zhai Yin...from a genetic point of view, should be very strong!

So after hearing Wang Ming's request.

Wang Ling began to think about what would happen to the two of them in the future.

What if Wang Ming still can't solve his Talisman problem? Then there will be a little Wang Ming around in the future. That sounds quite reassuring.

But having said that.

"Enlightment" shouldn't be used indiscriminately.

There is a question of balance that needs to be addressed here.

Wang Ming's current physical fitness is indeed very weak. But if he uses 100% enlightenment, it seems to be a bit too strong.

So after thinking about it comprehensively, Wang Ling stretched out his hand from the bed and gently tapped Wang Ming's forehead.

Buzz!

Accompanied by the golden light that quickly disappeared, the enlightenment technique had been used.

"Is this the end?"

Wang Ming was stunned. He felt that his body had not changed much, and he had no special feeling.

"This is 1% enlightenment."

Wang Ling Chuanyin Road.

Combined with Wang Ming's current actual situation, 1% enlightenment is actually the safest.

His "attunement technique" can originally achieve the grading of the degree of attunement development.

It's just a 1% "attunement technique." Wang Ling is rarely used.

As for whether it is useful or not, we still have to combine it with practical training to know.

At this time, Wang Ming obviously understood something from Wang Ling's beautiful dead fish eyes.

Without saying a word, he rushed into the toilet.

He didn't come out of the toilet until two hours later.

"Ten ten! Ling Ling. You are too strong!"

Wang Ming jumped onto the bed and exclaimed: "I'm still not weak after damn...two hours..."

Wang Ling: "..."

Only you know your actual situation best.

It should be noted that Wang Ming's usual highest record is only 20 minutes...and to reach this peak state, it depends on a certain probability.

But now. Wang Ming found that he had really become stronger.

1% enlightenment turned him into a real tough guy!

And he felt that he should actually be able to last longer.

Mainly because I was in the toilet just now. The two hours are not over yet. This makes Wang Ming a little impatient.

In the end, I could only take another shower of cold water to force myself to regain my composure.

"This is so easy to use. It's really powerful."

As he talked, Wang Ming began to wrap himself around Wang Ling with the quilt as before.

But the difference is that this time it's exciting.

He suddenly realized that it was really great to have such a younger brother!

Then. Wang Ming sat up. He looked at Wang Ling with a serious face: "Don't worry, Ling Ling. Your brother will definitely take care of your Talisman problem before you graduate from high school. I'll fix your Talisman problem before you graduate from high school. If I don't. I'll be impotent for life!"

Wang Ling was stunned when he heard these words.

He sighed inwardly. Wang Ming finally said something human...

But this oath was too harsh.

Fortunately, the attunement technique is not the consecration technique. It does not have the ability of Monk Jin Deng.

Otherwise, if the research is not done by then, it will become a prophecy.

I'm afraid Wang Ming will regret it for the rest of his life.

"Then go to bed early, Ling Ling. There will be activities starting at three o'clock tomorrow."

His request was fulfilled. Wang Ming was satisfied.

Before he got out of bed, he wanted to kiss Wang Ling secretly. But he found that Wang Ling was already on guard. He retracted his head into the quilt, like a kangaroo.

Wang Ming smiled. Before leaving, he just patted Wang Ling's butt.

He said good night in a unique way of saying hello between men.

Then he returned to his room.

At this time, Wang Ming was lying on the bed. He closed his eyes quietly and seemed to be resting.

But in fact, his mind never stopped calculating.

That poisonous oath just now. Wang Ming was very serious. And he didn't mean to brag.

But I do have this confidence.

Ten years have passed since Wang Ling's first version of Talisman to now.

In these ten years, the calculations in Wang Ming's mind have never stopped...

And there was an intuition that told Wang Ming.

He will soon find the answer.

...

On the other side. Sun Rong and Zhai Yin are both sleepless.

That night, the two had an in-depth exchange on the topic of "unrequited love."

Zhai Yin directly moved the big bed from another room and put it together with Sun Rong. The two rolled around on the bed for a while, smiling brightly.

Originally Sun Rong planned to call two masseuses over for essential oil treatments.

But when she thought about some relatively private topics to be discussed between her and Zhai Yin, she gave up the idea.

"Let me help you, Miss Rong." Zhai Yin volunteered.

"Just call me Rongrong. Miss Rong is too outspoken! Then I'll help Sister Yinzi with her back later." Sun Rong said with a smile.

"Okay!" Zhai Yin agreed readily.

At this time. Sun Rong unbuckled the belt behind his back and lay down on the spacious bed.

There are two layers of white bath towels placed under the body to prevent the essential oil from slipping and dripping on the sheets.

Zhai Yin took the essential oil prepared by Sun Rong in advance and poured a little on the palm of his hand.

A strong but not so pungent fragrance came. It was extremely fresh and had a refreshing smell.

"What a special essential oil. It's actually pink. I've never seen it before." Zhai Yin marveled.

"This anti-wrinkle, whitening and anti-oxidant aging effect is very good! It can also break down moles and acne!" Sun Rong said with a smile: "This is a newly developed product by our family. If you don't mind it, Sister Yinzi. Later. I'll give you a new bottle."

In fact, Sun Rong missed something. This newly developed product has not actually been launched yet, because the ingredients in it are not all found on the earth.

The main extract of this bottle of pink essential oil comes from the Star of Youth that was recycled from the old Rubik's Cube by Sun Rong. It was originally a pink spring water substance called the Fountain of Youth on the Star of Youth.

But Sun Rong knows. Zhai Yin may not know that much so far.

I didn't go into too much detail.

"Thank you so much!" Zhai Yin was not polite at all.

Immediately, she rubbed the essential oil into her palms to warm it. She started from the girl's smooth and white shoulder blades and pushed outwards as if doing Tai Chi.

"Uh..."Sun Rong couldn't hold it back for a moment and actually shouted out.

Because it's so comfortable!

"Why does it feel like Sister Yinzi looks very professional..."

"In the army, comrades often get sprained during training, so we have some massage techniques."

Zhai Yin smiled and said: "Just enjoy it. My craftsmanship is no worse than that of the teachers and fathers in the shops outside."

"Haha. Sister Yinzi is amazing..."

Sun Rong closed his eyes. The expression on his face was very satisfied.

Zhai Yin's hands are like a pair of magician's hands. Various massage techniques emerge in endlessly. She uses her skill to melt the essential oil on the girl's back little by little.

This skin is white and smooth. Even at a close distance, it seems that the pores are not visible.

Seeing this made Zhai Yin feel envious.

There are no outsiders here. Zhai Yin's technique is so comfortable that Sun Rong almost falls asleep.

But soon she suddenly remembered that the focus of tonight was not exactly maintenance.

So Sun Rong quickly got into the topic and asked something that he had wanted to ask for a long time: "Sister Yinzi, have you fallen in love with Brother Ming a long time ago?"

"This...how do you know?" Zhai Yin's fingers paused: "Is it obvious?"

"No. Just intuition."

Sun Rong shook his head slightly and lay on the bed and said: "Sister Yinzi and I have never met before. I remember that sister Yinzi just came out of the arrival gate today. Your eyes have been looking at Brother Ming. Every minute. , not a second was missed."

"Is it that exaggerated?"

Zhai Yin's face felt a little hot when she was told that.

"Have you? Sister Yinzi, don't you have any idea?"Sun Rong slightly raised the corners of her lips.

The reason why she could detect the admiration in Zhai Yin's eyes at a glance today.

Speaking of which, this has something to do with myself.

Because Sun Rong discovered that the way Zhai Yin looked at Wang Ming was very similar to the way he looked at Wang Ling.

There is a kind of urgency in the tenderness. At the same time, it is mixed with a little resentment of "hating that iron cannot become steel." But more of it is a wanton outflow of love...

"It was indeed you, Brother Ming, who I paid attention to first."

With a smile in his eyes, Zhai Yin told his story: "I saw him by chance during a mission."

"Then you fell in love?" Sun Rong asked curiously.

"Yes!" Zhai Yin nodded.

"What happened later,"

"And then I was like a nymphomaniac. I've been investigating his leads."

Zhai Yin cried and laughed, "But as you know, Er Ming's true identity is not simple..."

Er Ming, that's Wang Ming.

This is Zhai Yin's nickname for Wang Ming.

"When I investigated him at that time, I found that his identity was made up of multiple matryoshka dolls. Each one was fake."

"So I once doubted whether he was a spy sent by other countries."

"puff!"

Sun Rong couldn't help laughing.

I never thought there would be something like this...

"His identity was kept strictly confidential by superiors. But I was a bit stubborn at the time. I kept investigating secretly and collecting evidence that Er Ming was a spy. After my boss found out about me, he was so angry that he punished me. Several times."

"..."

"Then I was contacted by President Qi. He happened to be helping Wang Ming recruit guards. My boss saw this as an opportunity and took the initiative to contact me. Then I was assigned. That is, I didn't know until that time. Turns out he is not a spy."

"That's great."

Sun Rong was full of envy: "If Brother Ming knew about it, he would definitely laugh silly, right?"

"According to his temper, he will definitely make fun of me! But I think since we are together, we shouldn't have any reservations." Zhai Yin said.

After saying so much.

In a daze, Zhai Yin did think of many things.

She thought of the days when she began to admire Wang Ming. She felt a sense of melancholy in her heart.

How she got here during those days. Only Zhai Yin knows.

Now I finally have the fruits of victory. Looking back on all the choices I made in the past, Zhai Yin feels that everything was worth it.

Zhai Yin once didn't believe in love at first sight. Until by chance, he saw Wang Ming's high-spirited look.

At that moment, she decided that this was the person she was looking for...

And this secret love experience is actually one of Zhai Yin's most precious secrets.

She had previously told Wang Ming about exchanging secrets. This experience was the secret she was going to talk about.

If she doesn't say it.

Maybe Wang Ming will never know how long he has been liked by a female special forces soldier...

"It seems like my words made Sister Yinzi think of a lot of things?" Sun Rong lay on the bed and smiled lazily.

"Sister Yinzi, you have so much experience. I haven't thought of how to say it for a while." Zhai Yin also smiled and said: "But these days are very long. I have plenty of time to talk to you. But you have to keep this matter a secret for me. OK."

"Of course!"

Sun Rong nodded: "I like listening to stories the most!"

"Okay. The essential oil is almost dry. My mouth is also dry. Wait for me to drink water. Come and help me." At this time, Zhai Yin gently patted the girl's slippery back and said.

"No problem."Sun Rong smiled.

Then, she saw Zhai Yin take his own kettle, and then take a dropper. He slowly sucked a dropper of water from the kettle and dropped it on a piece of test paper.

The water in the kettle is filled directly from the bathroom faucet by Zhai Yin. This is direct drinking water. In fact, it does not need to be filtered.

However, for safety reasons, Zhai Yin still has to do a test by himself.

It seems that this is also an occupational disease of special forces. They are very cautious in everything they do.

"Sister Yinzi is so interesting."Sun Rong looked silly.

"When you go out, safety comes first. You have to be careful about everything." Zhai Yin said.

She looked at the test results of the test strips. She was relieved after it was confirmed to be safe and non-toxic.

Before Sun Rong gave her an essential oil massage, Zhai Yin looked at her phone again and discovered the message posted by Yingxian Heming in the group chat.

Then he said to Sun Rong: "It looks like I have to get up early tomorrow. There seems to be some activity."

"What activity?"

"The group said that we have to get up at three o'clock tomorrow and go to Tiangan Mountain to watch the sunrise. After having a meal on the top of the mountain, we will go to school to report. I heard that it was the kindness of the sixth lady."

"Mrs. Six?"

These words made Sun Rong feel a little more distracted.

She immediately thought of the air crash that almost happened on the immortal boat. Her eyes showed more alertness.

Although I don't know why Mrs. Six would be murderous towards them.

However, activities like mountain climbing are actually the most prone to accidents.

What if this is a conspiracy planned in advance?

Sun Rong thought in his mind.

However, as the number one Foundation Building on Earth. Sun Rong should not be afraid.

I'm just curious. Why did the Sixth Mistress want to kill them twice? She tried to kill them twice...

...

Tuesday, December 15th.

In the early hours of the morning, in front of the door of Madam Six's mansion, a black shadow quietly emerged from an unknown position. It knelt down at the door and bowed its head.

"Is it all cleaned up."

Jiugong Xinghui's voice came. It had a frightening Queen's voice.

"Don't worry, madam. Everything has been taken care of."

The black man muttered. He did not raise his head. He maintained his current posture: "The new maid has been brought. And this time, according to the lady's instructions, the team brought four people to serve the lady. They are all professionally trained. Thoughts A simple girl."

"well done."

Jiugong Xinghui nodded. His voice sounded particularly low: "The two girls who accompanied me to Tianxuan Temple today are both good children. It should be their honor to be chosen as a sacrifice."

"Madam, you shouldn't tell me these things. I'm just following orders." The expression on the man in black's face was neither sad nor happy.

"You are very dedicated." Jiugong Xinghui sneered.

She adjusted the number of sacrifices in the new round to four. The main reason was because the ghost she raised was injured in this operation.

Therefore, more sacrifices are needed as foster care to restore physical strength.

All this was just as she expected. There must be a hidden master among the few people from Number 60 High School.

"I have read the information of those people. I need you to investigate more carefully. What is the origin of that person named Wang Xiaoer." Jiugong Xinghui said.

"Yes."

The man in black nodded.

Then, his figure was like lightning, and he quickly turned into a thunder shadow and disappeared.

After feeling the breath of the man in black completely disappear.

In Madam Six's residence, Jiugong Xinghui had the following conversation with another unfamiliar voice.

"Why do you doubt that person?"

This voice was high-pitched and long. It was in sharp contrast to the sixth lady's voice. There was a sinister flavor in it.

"It's said that he's the only one. He's the only one who doesn't send out any psychic waves. And the one who cut off the hair. It was him. If it was just an ordinary person. It's impossible to cut off hair with such power."

Jiugong Xinghui smiled and said: "As for the remaining classmates Wang and Miss Sun, their strength is absolutely real. The eldest lady may be slightly stronger than the average Foundation Building period, but at most the combat power does not exceed the Golden Core."

"So what are you going to do next?"

"I organized a mountain climbing operation. At such a height, I can't survive on the Foundation Building alone... When the time comes, we will know after we push it down."

Jiugong Xinghui's expression darkened, he smiled and said, "In such a critical moment, if any of the three of them hides their strength, they will definitely be exposed."

...

At three o'clock, the sky in Sun Island is still dark.

Wang Ling actually didn't sleep at all. He just put his brain into sleep mode. Then he set a timer to turn on his computer.

Once it reaches the point, his dead fish eyes will pop open automatically.

Wang Ling walked over and took a look at Ming Ming's condition.

He had already set a fixed alarm clock on his tablet.

From three o'clock to three twenty, a total of 10 alarm clocks are set.

Set one every minute...

Judging from the general situation, if all the alarm clocks have not been sounded, they probably will not wake up.

Wang Ling squatted down and was thinking about shaking Wang Ming awake. But suddenly he heard Wang Ming murmuring: "Suppose... the parabola is on the y-axis... then we can get dy, xy, py..."

Are you calculating in your dreams?

For a moment. Wang Ling was stunned.

Then about two minutes passed. When Wang Ming's second alarm clock rang.

Suddenly, the tablet computer suddenly sounded a warning sound.

Then a series of dense data symbols quickly popped up and scrolled on the tablet.

Suddenly Wang Ling had an ominous premonition.

He could tell that the scrolling playback on the tablet looked like a smart hacking program.

Wang Ling took two steps back.

Then there was only a "crash..." sound. The hotel's smoke alarm shower was activated directly. It poured directly on Wang Ming's face and body...

"How come it's three o'clock so soon..."

Wang Ming rubbed his face, calmly got up from the bed, stretched, and then took off all his clothes in front of Wang Ling.

Wang Ling: "..."

Wang Ming: "Ling Ling, please go to the bathroom and bring me the body soap, shampoo, toothpaste and toothbrush. I just want to take a clear bath. Water resources are so precious. Don't waste them!"

Wang Ling: "..."

As expected of you...

...

So... ten minutes later we gathered at the hotel door.

Only Wang Ming smelled of the fresh fragrance of having just taken a shower.

"Since when have you become so clean-minded?" Zhai Yin felt a little unbelievable.

Sometimes Wang Ming would calculate some research formula. When he was completely immersed in it, he would forcibly hang himself up with pills. He would stay awake for days and nights. He didn't even have time to take a shower.

"This is a wet alarm clock plug-in I designed before. I didn't expect it to work. Don't worry. I won't use it in the future."

Wang Ming smiled. Then he whispered in Zhai Yin's ear: "From now on, Yinzi, you will help me wash it. Whether it is the big Wang Ming or the little Wang Ming, I will leave it to you."

Zhai Yin blushed immediately after hearing this: "Rogue..."

"..."

Wang Ling and Sun Rong looked elsewhere in unison.

Don't listen to anything inappropriate.

Facts have proved that sometimes having too strong hearing seems not a good thing.

Not long after, Yingxian Heming appeared at the door. He came from his mansion: "Sorry. Everyone has been waiting for a long time. We will leave now."

"Where is Teacher Huo Ding?"Sun Rong asked.

"Teacher Huo Ding needs to handle the handover of Jiudaohe High School. So I can't participate in today's sunrise activity."

"So that's how it is."

"But please don't worry. I will follow you all the way. There will be no accidents. I grew up near Tiangan Mountain since I was a child. I am very familiar with it." Yingxian Heming said confidently.

Arriving at the foot of Tiangan Mountain. The climbing process was not as tiring as Wang Ling imagined.

He followed the 60th team up for more than two thousand meters. He didn't feel anything at all.

The main reason was that he also used the {Great Light Body Technique}, which caused him to lose weight drastically.

This makes Wang Ling even more insensitive.

The key is. This light body technique. Wang Ling is not enough without it.

Otherwise, he would go mountain climbing with his quality.

Every step up is like a landslide...

However, we have only reached one-third of Tiangan Mountain.

On Tiangan Mountain, there are small rest stops every few hundred meters.

He didn't know if it was because he drank too much water. Yingxian Heming felt that he couldn't hold it in any longer: "I'm sorry, classmates. Wait for me here for a moment. Don't walk away. Don't go to dangerous places without authorization. I'll go get it." Just come back to the toilet."

Wang Ling put his pants in his pockets. He came to the fence a few meters in front of the rest stop and stared at the scenery below.

In fact. This is Wang Ling's deliberate seduction.

Because before he went up the mountain, he had a premonition that someone was following them with ill intentions.

"Are you coming..."

At this moment, Wang Ling thought. Then he felt a strong push coming from his back.

The whole person rolled down the cliff...
